<doc id="30956367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30956367" title="Multi-competence">
Multi-competence

Multi-competence is a concept in second language acquisition formulated by Vivian Cook that refers to the knowledge of more than one language in one person's mind. From the multicompetence perspective, the different languages a person speaks are seen as one connected system, rather than each language being a separate system. People who speak a second language are seen as unique multilingual individuals, rather than people who have merely attached another language to their repertoire.
The concept has been backed up by studies showing how the different languages a person learns affect each other. The phenomenon of language transfer, or the first language affecting the second, has long been known. More recent research has also shown that the second language also affects the first in various subtle ways. There is also evidence that people who learn other languages gain general cognitive benefits. 
Under multi-competence, the second language speaker is seen as more than the sum of the languages he speaks. This is in contrast with the assumption in much of second language research that the ideal model of a language is the monolingual native speaker. Setting the native speaker as the golden standard implies that second language speakers are somehow deficient in each language that they speak, whereas multi-competence sees them as having gained from learning a second language. 
To avoid implying deficiency on the part of second language speakers, Cook prefers the term "L2 user" to "L2 learner". An "L2 user" is anyone who knows a second language and uses it in real life, irrespective of their language level.
Nature of the L2 user.
Central to Cook's argument is the way in which people's language knowledge changes when they learn a second language. He makes three main points:
Knowledge of the second language.
People learning a second language rarely reach the same level of competence as native speakers. In fact, by definition, they can never become a native speaker of another language. Very few L2 users are at a level where they can pass for a native speaker, but even their knowledge is not exactly the same as that of monolingual native speakers. Most L2 users are immediately identifiable by their foreign accent, and often by their syntax or choice of words. Cook argues that this is not a negative thing, and that L2 users should not be judged to the same standards as monolinguals. Rather, they should be held to the standard of successful L2 users.
Knowledge of the first language.
When people learn a second language, the way they speak their first language changes in subtle ways. These changes can be with any aspect of language, from pronunciation and syntax to gestures the learner makes and the things they tend to notice. For example, French speakers who spoke English as a second language pronounced the /t/ sound in French differently from monolingual French speakers. Also, advanced English users of French judged the grammaticality of English sentences differently from English monolinguals. In addition, when shown a fish tank, Chinese speakers of English tend to remember more fish and less plants than Chinese monolinguals. This evidence suggests that language systems inside a person's mind cannot be viewed as completely separate from one another.
Thought processes.
L2 users think more flexibly than monolinguals, are more aware of language in general, and have better attitudes towards other cultures. For example, English children who had Italian lessons for one hour a week had higher word awareness in English than children who had no language lessons.
Implications for language teaching.
Multi-competence has two major implications for language teaching. The first is about the question of what the final goal should be for language learners. The multi-competence viewpoint sees the goal of learning as becoming a successful L2 user. Language teaching, therefore, should reflect this: the goals of language learning should be based on what successful L2 users can do, not what monolingual native speakers can do. Also, teaching materials should show positive examples of L2 use and L2 users.
The second implication is for the use of the first language in the classroom. If the first language can never truly be separated from the second language in the mind, it makes no sense to forbid the use of the first language in the language classroom. Cook argues that banning the use of the first language will not stop learners from using it to help with their language learning, it will only make its use invisible to the teacher. Instead, Cook suggests that teachers should think about how they can make use of both languages in suitable ways.

</doc>
<doc id="30956402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30956402" title="Nishant Malkani">
Nishant Malkani

Nishant Malkani (born 1 September 1987 in Dubai, UAE ) is an Indian model and actor. 
Malkani's father is Deepak A Malkani. He also has a sibling Lakshay Malkani. He completed his schooling from Laxman Public School, New Delhi in 2005. 
Malkani was offered a lead role in a Bengali film, under Shankar Roy's direction, however his studies prevented him from taking up the part. He made his debut on small screen in "Miley Jab Hum Tum" as Adhiraj. He also starred in "Sasural Genda Phool". He played the lead in "Ram Milaye Jodi", as Anukalp Gandhi.
He made his cinematic debut in Vikram Bhatt's "Horror Story" . The film revolved around a night in which seven friends stay at a haunted hotel, and the murders that take place. Taran Adarsh of Bollywood Hungama stated that Malkani "gets his role spot on". He is currently filming for a comedy titled "Single Chal Riya Hoon", under Sai Kabir's production, where he will feature as Bunty, a Bhopali man who runs to Mumbai to pursue his dreams.

</doc>
<doc id="30956431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30956431" title="Nuestra Belleza Baja California Sur">
Nuestra Belleza Baja California Sur

Nuestra Belleza Baja California Sur is a pageant in Baja California Sur, Mexico, that selects that state's representative for the national Nuestra Belleza México pageant.
In 2002 was not sent to a State Representative.
The State Organization has produced one Nuestra Belleza México in 2013 with Josselyn Garciglia and two designated as Nuestra Belleza Internacional México in 2011 with Karen Higuera and 2012 with Jessica García Formenti.
Nuestra Belleza Baja California Sur is located at number 8 with two crown of Nuestra Belleza México.
Titleholders.
Below are the names of the annual titleholders of Nuestra Belleza Baja California Sur, listed in ascending order, and their final placements in the Nuestra Belleza México after their participation.
Designated Contestants.
As of 2000, isn't uncommon for some States to have more than one delegate competing simultaneously in the national pageant. The following Nuestra Belleza Baja California Sur contestants were invited to compete in Nuestra Belleza México only in 2007.
External links.
<noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="30956463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30956463" title="McGavock Elementary School">
McGavock Elementary School

McGavock Elementary School (commonly McGavock Elementary, Little Mac) is a public school in Nashville, Tennessee, part of Metropolitan Nashville Public Schools. 
Overview.
The school is named after the McGavock family, who were important in the early development of the city and who built the nearby Two Rivers Mansion. The school opened in fall 1956 and currently serves kindergarten through the fourth grade.
The school is currently zoned to the McGavock Cluster, generally sending children who have completed the fourth grade to Two Rivers Middle School and eventually McGavock Comprehensive High School. 
Major Expansions.
The school saw significant expansions in 1963, when a wing was added, and in 2008, when an indoor physical education facility was added. 

</doc>
<doc id="30956475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30956475" title="Joe Knilans">
Joe Knilans

Joe Knilans (born March 20, 1964) is a Wisconsin politician and legislator.
Born in Janesville, Wisconsin, he graduated from the University of Wisconsin–Whitewater. He was elected to the Wisconsin State Assembly in 2010. In November 2012 Democratic candidate Debra Kolste defeated Knilans.

</doc>
<doc id="30956537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30956537" title="Speed skating at the 2011 Canada Winter Games">
Speed skating at the 2011 Canada Winter Games

Speed skating at the 2011 Canada Winter Games was held at the permanent Canada Games Oval in Halifax, Nova Scotia. 
The events will be held during the first week between February 12 and 16, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="30956549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30956549" title="Charles Richard Crews">
Charles Richard Crews

Crews has competed in Star Mazda Championship, Indy Lights, and the Grand-Am Rolex Series. He has competed in both domestic and international races.

</doc>
<doc id="30956568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30956568" title="Okan Salmaz">
Okan Salmaz

Okan Salmaz (born 17 July 1992) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a winger for Adanaspor in the TFF First League. Salmaz is also a youth international.

</doc>
<doc id="30956569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30956569" title="Amy Loudenbeck">
Amy Loudenbeck

Amy Loudenbeck (born September 29, 1969) is a Wisconsin politician and legislator.
Originally from the Detroit and Chicago area, Amy graduated from the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1991. She was elected to the Wisconsin State Assembly in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="30956571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30956571" title="Words Move">
Words Move

Words Move is a 4-track EP by Get Smart!, released on Syntax Records on December 8, 1981. It was recorded at Ramona Studios in Lawrence, KS and produced by Dave Stuckey, of the Dave and Deke Combo. The track "Eat, Sleep A Go-Go" from this EP was included on the Sub Pop #5 cassette compilation.
Track listing.
Side 1:
Side 2:

</doc>
<doc id="30956608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30956608" title="Joe Millette">
Joe Millette

Joseph Anthony Millette (born August 12, 1966) was a shortstop in Major League Baseball. He played for the Philadelphia Phillies.

</doc>
<doc id="30956613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30956613" title="Even Born Again">
Even Born Again

Even Born Again is a six-song EP by Denton singer-songwriter Sarah Jaffe. The EP was produced and recorded by John Congleton at Elmwood Studios in Dallas, Texas. "Even Born Again" features Dallas musicians Jonathan Clark, Becki Phares Howard, Ben Moore, Jeff Ryan, and Kris Youmans. The album was released on 20 August 2008 by Summer Break Records.

</doc>
<doc id="30956620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30956620" title="Canada Building (Saskatoon)">
Canada Building (Saskatoon)

The Canada Building (built in 1913) is a historic eight story office block in the Central Business District, of Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada. The building is in height featuring red granite facing on the base, with terra cotta details on the lower two floors and cornice near the roof. The office building features large bison heads flanking the main doorway.
Believed to have been sealed off in 1968, the basement area connects to an abandoned underground tunnel on 21st street; worker uncovered the tunnels behind a cinder block wall in 2009; the now covered glass block sidewalk acted as a skylight into the underground area. 
The office building was built by Allan Bowerman. Allan Bowerman, was a graduate from Kingston Military College, first postmaster in Saskatoon on the west side of the river, and member of Saskatoon’s first town council (1903 – 1905). Bowerman was also responsible for the development of the Bowerman House. 

</doc>
<doc id="30956622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30956622" title="Line D (Rome Metro)">
Line D (Rome Metro)

Line D is a potential line of the Rome Metro system. The line has not been approved yet, but there has been a substantial amount of funding and research that has gone into it.
Route.
The specific route that the train will run is unclear, but it is likely that it will run from south-eastern EUR section of Rome to the area directly south of the city centre. Then, it will travel parallel to Line B, passing through the city centre, intersecting with Line C at Argentina and Line A at Barberini. Then, it would extend to the northern area of the city. It is also possible that Line D would take over the Roma-Lido train line. 

</doc>
<doc id="30956656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30956656" title="George Jerram">
George Jerram

George Henry William Jerram (15 August 1904 – 20 May 1948) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong and North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Jerrem, a utility, was used as a half forward flanker, back pocket and in the ruck during his career. An interstate player in just his second season, Jerram represented the VFL in the 1927 Melbourne Carnival. He also finished equal sixth in the Brownlow Medal that year, after a good season with Geelong. In 1930 he switched to North Melbourne and didn't miss a game in his first two seasons. He made his last appearance with North Melbourne in 1935 and the following year went to Williamstown, who he captain-coached in 1938. 
In 144 VFL games, Jerram was never reported by the umpires and off the field worked as a policeman. After leaving the police force, Jerram became a boiler attendant. 
He died in 1948, from a fractured skull as well as other injuries sustained when he fell on a South Melbourne footpath. Accounts of how he fell varied, with the inquest having an open finding, unable to determine whether it was accidental or as a result of an alleged brawl.

</doc>
<doc id="30956659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30956659" title="Wayampi language">
Wayampi language

Wayampi (Guayapi, Oiampí) is a Tupi–Guarani language spoken in French Guiana and Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="30956667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30956667" title="Travis Tranel">
Travis Tranel

Travis Tranel (born September 12, 1985) is a Wisconsin dairy farmer, Republican politician and legislator.
Background.
Born in Dubuque, Iowa, Tranel graduated from Wahlert Catholic High School of Dubuque in 2004, and Loras College in 2007, and operates his own dairy farm. 
Legislative career.
He was elected as a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly in 2010. After winning his primary election by 3024 to 2519, he unseated incumbent Democrat Phil Garthwaite, with 10,384 votes to 7844 for Garthwaite. He is a member of the Knights of Columbus, and the National Rifle Association
In 2012, he was re-elected, with 14,232 votes to 11,961 for Democrat Carol Beals, president of the AFSCME union local for employees of the University of Wisconsin-Platteville. 

</doc>
<doc id="30956681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30956681" title="Charles Robert Sanger">
Charles Robert Sanger

Charles Robert Sanger (1860–1912) was a chemist and professor at Harvard University whose research centered on detecting and curing the causes of illness caused by chemicals in the home.
Early life.
Sanger was born on August 31, 1860, in Boston, Massachusetts, the son of George Partridge Sanger (1819-1890) and Elizabeth Sherburne (Thompson) (1819-1897). His father, a Harvard graduate, was a lawyer, editor, judge, first president of the John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company and United States attorney for Massachusetts between 1873 and 1886. Sanger’s mother was born in Portsmouth, New Hampshire. His great-grandfather, Thomas Thompson, was a U.S. naval captain who was the first to engage in a maritime battle during the Revolutionary War. The family moved to Cambridge, where Charles attended Cambridge High School before beginning at Harvard in 1877.
Sanger's three elder brothers attended Harvard before him: John White, class of 1870; William Thompson, 1871, and George Partridge, 1874. In addition, his great-grandfather, Zedekiah Sanger had graduated in 1771, and his grandfather, Ralph Sanger in 1808. In 1857 Harvard awarded Ralph Sanger an honorary doctor of divinity degree. Sanger's son, Richard, graduated in the Harvard class of 1915.
Charles Robert Sanger earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1881 and his first master of arts degree, with honors, in 1882. He studied for a year at universities in Munich and Bonn under organic chemist Richard Anchütz. He returned to Harvard to receive a second master of arts and a doctorate in philosophy. After obtaining his Ph.D., Sanger became an assistant in the Harvard chemistry department, working with H. B. Hill, who “was his Chemical father.”
Naval Academy.
In 1886, Sanger was appointed as a chemistry professor at the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland. He married Almira (Myra) Starkweather Horswell (1857–1905) the same year. The Sangers had two children while living in Annapolis, Mary in 1888 and Eleanor Sherburne in 1891. Sanger left Annapolis in 1892 to become Eliot Professor of Chemistry at Washington University in Saint Louis, Missouri. In addition he was professor of chemistry at the St. Louis Medical College and the Missouri Dental College, the medical and dental departments of Washington University. A son, Richard Sanger, was born there in 1894.
In 1891, Sanger published a paper that stemmed from work he had begun with Hill during his doctoral study: “The Quantitative Determination of Arsenic by the Berzelius-Marsh Process, especially as Applied to the Analysis of Wallpaper and Fabrics.”
Sanger is best known for his work on arsenic poisoning of people exposed to arsenic-containing wallpaper, carpets and other house furnishings. Using his improved analytical methods, he showed that arsenic levels found in human tissues and excreta were directly correlated with exposure to arsenic-containing materials. The transfer of arsenic from arsenic to wallpaper to human beings was a further mystery. While removal of the wallpaper resulted in disappearance of toxic symptoms, painting over the wallpaper did not.<br>
The source of toxicity was arsine (arsenic hydride), an extremely toxic gas formed on reduction of the nonvolatile arsenates present in wallpaper. He thus confirmed the discovery by the Italian chemist Gosio that mold growing on an arsenic-containing substrate generated an arsenical gas the arsenine-forming fungus could live even on the painted surface, its cells reaching into the underlying wallpaper.“In attacking the subject he determined, with characteristic love, of truth, to place it on a secure experimental foundation by looking for arsenic in the excreta of people suffering from the disorders commonly attributed to poison from wallpapers.”
Harvard.
Sanger returned to Harvard in 1899 as an assistant professor in charge of the large Chemistry 3 course developed by H.B. Hill, who by this time was ailing, and was made full professor and director of the chemistry laboratory when Hill died in 1903.
As a teacher he was somewhat austere; all his students were expected to live fully up to his own standard, and he always retained some touch of the Naval discipline. In particular research with him was no easy matter — the same accuracy, the same thoroughness, the same limitless patience, that he showed in his own work he demanded of his students, but, as they saw he required nothing from them, which he did not exact from himself in even greater measure, they worked with enthusiasm, and felt for him an affection perhaps even deeper and stronger, than would have been inspired by an easier teacher.
Sanger's wife, Almira, died in 1905, and in 1910 he married Eleanor Whitney Davis (1867–1935). She was the daughter of writer Andrew McFarland Davis, and the granddaughter of John Davis, Massachusetts governor and U.S. senator.
Sanger was a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. He was also a member of the American Chemical Society, the Deutsche Chemische Gesellschaft, and the Chemical Industry of London.
Illness.
The last years of Sanger's life were plagued with an undiagnosed illness — thought either to be related to a nervous cause or an unknown heart condition. He did everything possible to alleviate it, including making a trip to Europe in 1910, which was cut off after six months, as his symptoms were getting worse. "At times it had the symptoms and agonizing pain of angina pectoris; at others, it seemed to be an acute nervous dyspepsia; in the end it was shown to be an organic disease of the heart."
The student view is reported in the Harvard Crimson's obituary of Sanger: "Throughout the fall Professor Sanger's health has been such as has brought with the continued strain of his work physical pain that at times approached torture." In its obituary, the Boston Globe said, "The death of Professor Sanger takes from the Harvard faculty one of its most distinguished scholars and teachers."
Sanger died at home in Cambridge on February 25, 1912. He is buried in the family plot at Mount Auburn Cemetery in Cambridge.
Publications.
Chemical Papers of C. R. Sanger:

</doc>
<doc id="30956682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30956682" title="Lone Raven">
Lone Raven

Lone Raven is a Celtic/World music band based out of Columbus, Ohio, created by musicians Craig Markley and Kara Markley. Lone Raven is one of the top Celtic bands in the midwest and performs an eclectic blend of traditional music from various areas of the world, as well as their own original compositions.
The band features over 20 instruments on stage and showcases everything from Irish reels and Gaelic vocals to Gypsy and Middle Eastern instrumentals. Band members include: Craig Markley on piano, accordions, whistles, guitar, percussion and vocals; Kara Markley on lead vocals, fiddle and keyboards; Neil Jacobs on 12-string guitar, mandocello, tambura and prim; Elizabeth Blickenstaff on fiddle, mandolin and vocals; and Sid Omasta on acoustic bass, mandolin and fiddle.
In addition to its quintet formation, Lone Raven also occasionally performs in a septet with members of the local Columbus group "Ladies of Longford".
Craig Markley is an experienced multi-instrumentalist, composer, arranger, and session musician. Coming from a varied background of rock, blues, funk and jazz, he has pursued an avid interest in Celtic and World music for the last fifteen years, and he founded the well-known Celtic band “Stark Raven” alongside former bandmate David Reddick in the early 90's. Sid Omasta was also a member of Stark Raven. Craig's compositions have been featured on radio programs throughout the world, and he has played on over 25 recordings. He also owns Lone Raven Studios, where he has engineered recordings for popular artists such as Grammy nominee Philip Aaberg of Sweetgrass Music and Mike Dugger of Scartaglen, among others. Craig's daughter, Kara Markley, began her musical career at a young age and has studied fiddle with renowned players Eileen Ivers of Riverdance fame, Cape Breton’s Natalie MacMaster, and Scotland’s John McCusker. She is also an accomplished vocalist who has been featured on numerous recordings, including original compositions by David Tolley.
Lone Raven's newest CD, "Flight to the Hinterlands," was released in November of 2011.
The newest addition to the group is Gypsy guitarist Neil Jacobs. His latest solo CD, "12 String Guitar" (recorded at Lone Raven Studios) was recently nominated as best solo guitar album by the 2009 JPF music awards. Neil was also chosen to perform at the JPF awards program in Nashville on August 29, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="30956717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30956717" title="List of Squid Girl episodes">
List of Squid Girl episodes

"Squid Girl", known in Japan as "Shinryaku! Ika Musume" (Invasion! Squid Girl), is an anime series produced by Diomedea based on the comedy manga series by Masahiro Anbe published in "Weekly Shōnen Champion". The series tells of a Squid Girl who seeks to invade humanity as revenge for the pollution of the seas. However, due to accidentally breaking the wall of a beach house, she is forced to work as a waitress to pay off the damages.
The first season aired on TV Tokyo between October 4 and December 20, 2010, and was also released with English subtitles on Crunchyroll. The fifth and sixth DVD/Blu-ray volumes, released on April 20, 2011 and May 18, 2011, contain short "Mini-Ika Musume" episodes. A second anime season titled "Shinryaku!? Ika Musume" aired in Japan between September 26 and December 26, 2011. An original video animation (OVA) episode was released on August 8, 2012, and a second OVA was released on June 7, 2013.
Media Blasters licensed the anime in North America under the title "Squid Girl". The first season was released on two DVD volumes on September 27 and December 6, 2011, respectively, followed by a Blu-ray Disc release on March 13, 2012. Media Blasters will also be releasing the second season. The first season was released on DVD in the United Kingdom by Manga Entertainment on August 13, 2012.
The first season uses two pieces of theme music: one opening theme and one ending theme. The opening theme is by Ultra-Prism with Hisako Kanemoto and the ending theme is by Kanae Itō. For the second season, the opening theme is "High Powered" by Sphere, and the ending theme is by Kanemoto. For the OVA, the opening theme is by Ultra-Prism and the ending theme is by Itō.
In Japanese, each episode's title is in the form of a negative question in order to end with "nai ka" and thus make a pun with the Japanese word for squid "ika". The last two syllables (i, ka) are even written with katakana instead of hiragana in order to drive home the pun. Example: 

</doc>
<doc id="30956719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30956719" title="David Saxe (judge)">
David Saxe (judge)

David Saxe (born December 30, 1942) is an Associate Justice of the New York Appellate Division of the Supreme Court, First Judicial Department.
Early life and education.
He is a 1963 graduate of Columbia College. He received his JD from Case Western Reserve University School of Law in 1966 and an LL.M. from New York University School of Law in 1972.
Legal career.
Prior to joining the bench, he was a Lecturer in Law and Assistant Professor of Law - City University of New York (September 1966 - December 1969) and worked in private practice. He also served as Law Secretary to the Honorable Shanley N. Egeth,
He subsequently served on the New York City Civil Court from 1982 to 1985. He was a New York Supreme Court Justice, from 1986 to 1998. He was designated a Justice for the Appellate Division, First Judicial Department in 1998 by Governor George Pataki

</doc>
<doc id="30956726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30956726" title="Michelle Clayman">
Michelle Clayman

Michelle R. Clayman is chief investment officer of New Amsterdam Partners, LLC, a firm she founded in 1986. New Amsterdam Partners offers large cap and mid cap investment strategies to institutional investors. Clayman sits on the Boards of the Society of Quantitative Analysts(of which she is a past President), and The Institute for Quantitative Research. She is a frequent commentator for CNBC, Bloomberg, and other financial media. A graduate of Stanford University's Graduate School of Business, Clayman is the first woman to receive the School's Excellence in Leadership Award, in 2008.
She is a strong supporter of women's causes, notably as the chair of the Michelle R. Clayman Institute for Gender Research at Stanford University. In 2010, the awarded Clayman the "Making a Difference for Women Award" recognizing Clayman's leadership in supporting research on women. Clayman has also been a Girl Scout troop leader for 17 years and is currently on the board of Sustainable Health Enterprises (SHE). She known as a role model for women in finance.
Clayman says she owes her education to her mother, who was evacuated from England to the United States during WWII and there received a college education. Her mother then ensured her children benefited in the same way. Clayman received a degree in Philosophy, Politics and Economics from Oxford University, England (MA (Oxon).
Clayman's other volunteer activities include as a Director of Children of Bellevue, a charity providing services to children at New York's Bellevue Hospital. She is also a member of the Dean’s Council at the Harvard Divinity School.

</doc>
<doc id="30956731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30956731" title="Prisons in Ireland">
Prisons in Ireland

Historically, Ireland has enjoyed an extremely low rate of imprisonment. Recently, however, there has been considerable growth
in the prison population.
Authority.
In 1925, shortly after the establishment of the Irish Free State, the then Minister for Justice, Kevin O'Higgins, introduced legislation repealing the existing ability of grand juries to appoint visiting committees to Irish prisons. Instead, the authority to appoint the members of prison visiting committees was vested solely in the person of the Minister. Similarly, the management of the Irish prison system passed to the control of the Minister with the dissolution by statutory instrument of the General Prisons Board in 1928. Thus, by this date, both the responsibility and control over the management and oversight of the Irish Prison Service was held within the Minister's department.
This situation remained unchanged until 1999 when the Minister for Justice, Equality and Law Reform, John O'Donoghue, established the Irish Prison Service to which was delegated the task of managing the day-to-day running of the prison system. Simultaneously in 1999 an Prisons Authority Interim Board was established and its members were appointed by the Minister in 2000. The purpose of this board was to advise the Director General and directors of the Irish Prison Service on the management of the penal system. In 2002 the retired High Court Judge, Dermot Kinlen, was appointed the state's first Inspector of Irish Prisons. However, none of these new bodies was ever established on a statutory basis despite indications to the contrary. indeed, as recently as January 2011 Dermot Ahern informed the Dáil that:
In 2009 the Irish Prison Service had an annual budget of €379.319 million and it had a staff of 3,568 people.
Prison population rate.
The prison population in Ireland per 100,000 inhabitants is just under 94.
Prisons and prison population (number).
There are currently 14 prisons operating in Ireland with a total bed capacity of 4,106 as of 31 December 2009. The daily average number of prisoners in custody in 2009 was 3,881. However, most of these prisons currently operate at or above capacity. On 25 January 2011 the prison population stood at 4,541.
Sentencing.
In the year 2009 there were 15,425 committals to Irish prisons which is an increase of 13.8% on 2008 when the equivalent figure was 13,557. 12,339 individuals accounted for all the committals in 2009. 10,865 committals to Irish prisons in 2009 followed sentencing.
Cost of placement.
The average cost to incarcerate a person in a prison in 2009 was €77,222. This was a decrease of 16.7% on the 2008 figure when the cost of incarceration was €92,717 on average.
Minors.
Formerly, children in Ireland were detained in Industrial Schools or Reformatory Schools. Currently they are detained in institutions called Children Detention Schools. These detention schools are managed by the Irish Youth Justice Service. There are four facilities for the detention of "children", defined as boys under the age of 17 and girls under the age of 18:

</doc>
<doc id="30956773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30956773" title="Zoni Weisz">
Zoni Weisz

Zoni Weisz (born Johan Weisz, 4 March 1937) is a Sinto Holocaust survivor from the Netherlands working in the Dutch floral industry.
Weisz was the oldest of four children of Jacoba and John Weisz from Zutphen, Netherlands. In May 1944, the family was ordered by the Nazis to be deported to the Westerbork transit camp with other Sinti and Roma during the Porajmos. Zoni made a brief escape with his aunt, but they were quickly found and arrested. They were then deported to the Auschwitz concentration camp. 
The rest of his family were sent on a deportation train to Auschwitz, but a Dutch police officer and member of the Dutch resistance put Weisz on a separate train that allowed him to eventually escape to his grandparent's home for the remainder of the war. His mother and siblings were all killed at Auschwitz, while his father was killed at the Mittelbau-Dora camp.
After the war, Weisz returned to school and began to study horticulture during an internship at Het Loo Palace. After this training, he performed two years of military service in Suriname. Afterwards, he worked at a flower merchant in Amsterdam and studied landscape architecture and art history. In 1958, he took over this business and became a well-known florist, and was listed in the Guinness Book of World Records for having created the world's largest flower arrangement. He has created works for the Dutch royal family, including arrangements for the inauguration of Queen Beatrix and the wedding of Prince Willem-Alexander.
Weisz speaks regularly about his experience during the Holocaust. He is a member of the Dutch Auschwitz Committee and the International Auschwitz Committee. He was the keynote speaker at a 2007 United Nations exhibition, "The Holocaust Against the Roma and Sinti and present-day racism in Europe". On 27 January 2011, he was the first Roma or Sinti to address the German Bundestag at the official Holocaust Remembrance Day ceremony, speaking about the liberation of Auschwitz. In his speech Mr Weisz pleaded for better treatment of Roma in Europe and praised the "clear words" of European Commission Vice-President Viviane Reding in the defense of the rights of the Roma against the group expulsions from France in the summer of 2010.
Queen Beatrix appointed Weisz to Officer of the Order of Orange-Nassau for his commitment to the Sinti and Roma communities, and for his work in the Dutch floral industry.

</doc>
<doc id="30956839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30956839" title="Tom Larson (politician)">
Tom Larson (politician)

Tom Larson (born February 11, 1948) is a Wisconsin politician and legislator.
Born in Eau Claire, Wisconsin, Larson attended the Chippewa Valley Technical College. He was elected to the Wisconsin State Assembly in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="30956885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30956885" title="Rolls-Royce 102EX">
Rolls-Royce 102EX

Rolls-Royce 102EX, also known as the Phantom Experimental Electric (EE), is an experimental Rolls-Royce car, primarily designed to spark debate about whether luxury car manufacturers could and should provide cars which use electric, or other alternate drive-train technologies. Its secondary function is to allow the company to gain insight into the workings of possible future electric Rolls Royce cars. One of the notable features of the 102EX is that the figurine on the hood is clear and lights up.
The Rolls-Royce 102EX uses a 96 cell lithium-ion battery instead of the 6.75 litre V12 petrol engine used in the Phantom. This battery system is used in conjunction with two water-cooled motors and 3-phase battery chargers. In contrast, the interior design is largely the same as that used in the current Phantom model. A twelve month world tour to show off the car and to test it in different conditions around the world, ended in 2012. Rolls-Royce has stated that there are no plans to create a consumer model based on the 102EX.
The plan to produce 102 EX was reported to be cancelled due to compromises in charging time and driving range.

</doc>
<doc id="30956886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30956886" title="Nuestra Belleza Baja California Sur 2010">
Nuestra Belleza Baja California Sur 2010

Nuestra Belleza Baja California Sur 2010, was held at the Balneario El Coromuel in La Paz, Baja California Sur on May 21, 2010. At the conclusion of the final night of competition, Karen Higuera of San Antonio was crowned the winner. Higuera was crowned by outgoing Nuestra Belleza Baja California Sur titleholder, Giovanna Martínez. Twelve contestants competed for the state title.
The pageant was hosted by Nuestra Belleza México 2007 Elisa Najera and René Strickler.

</doc>
<doc id="30956890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30956890" title="2nd Division &quot;Littorio&quot;">
2nd Division &quot;Littorio&quot;

The 2nd 'Littorio' ("Lictor") Division was one of four divisions raised by Mussolini's Italian Social Republic. Although an infantry formation, it was often referred to as a "Grenadier" formation for morale purposes.

</doc>
<doc id="30956937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30956937" title="Patrick Marriott">
Patrick Marriott

Major-General Patrick Claude Marriott (born 23 February 1958) is a British soldier who became Commandant of the Royal Military Academy, Sandhurst.
His early career was with the 17th/21st Lancers and the Queen's Royal Lancers, which he commanded for two years. Postings include the Multinational Force in Sinai, Northern Ireland, West Germany, SHAPE, and two years in command of the 7th Armoured Brigade including six months in Iraq.
Early life.
The son of Captain Peter Barnsley Marriott DSO DSC RN (1915–1989), by his marriage to Francis Jill Davis, a former Leading WREN (died 2009), Marriott was educated at Granville School, Sevenoaks; Claremont School, Sussex; Gresham's School, Holt, and at Sandhurst.
Career.
Commissioned as a regular officer in May 1977, Marriott was an officer of the 17th/21st Lancers from 1977 and then was a company commander in the Multinational Force and Observers in Sinai in 1982. He returned to the 17th/21st Lancers as Adjutant in 1982, was an assistant to the Vice Chief of the Defence Staff (Personnel & Logistics) from 1985 and a squadron leader with the 17th/21st Lancers from 1987, before passing the Staff College in 1990. He was an Instructor at the Staff College from 1991, before service with The Queen's Royal Lancers in 1993 and taking up an appointment at the British Army Training Unit Suffield in 1995 and a posting to SHAPE in 1998. He was Commanding Officer of The Queen's Royal Lancers from 1998, then Chief of Staff, HQ 1 (UK) Armoured Division from 2000, took the Higher Command and Staff Course in 2004, then commanded 7th Armoured Brigade from 2005 and was Assistant Chief of Staff (Operations) at Permanent Joint Headquarters from 2007. He was Commandant of the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst from 2009 to 2012. In 2012 he was appointed the Colonel of The Queen's Royal Lancers.
While serving in post-invasion Iraq as commander of the 7th Armoured Brigade, Marriott was also in command of all British troops in southern Iraq from 2005 to 2006. While many soldiers were complaining about the politicians who had sent them into action without enough men or equipment, Marriott took the view that the British could never have gained the trust of the people of Basra, thanks to their history. In an interview with the journalist Oliver Poole he said "The people were immersed in cruelty. There's a sad culture of mistrust, especially of authority." In celebration of his Brigade's nickname, "the Desert Rats", Marriott kept a large silver rat on his desk in Basra.
Marriott served as a member of the House of Laity of the General Synod of the Church of England from 2005 to 2012, and as a director of the British Forces Foundation 2009 to 2012.
Marriott is a governor of Loretto School, Musselburgh, in Scotland. 
Private life.
In 1989, Marriott married Karin Henrietta Warde Ingram, and they have two sons and one daughter.
In 2005, he was granted a coat of arms by the College of Arms.

</doc>
<doc id="30956943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30956943" title="Rakan-ji">
Rakan-ji

The temple was established in 1337, but it was destroyed by fire in 1943. The present main hall was reconstructed in 1969. 

</doc>
<doc id="30956975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30956975" title="Tsang Man Fai">
Tsang Man Fai

Tsang Man Fai (, born 2 February 1991) is a Hong Kong football goalkeeper who currently plays for Hong Kong First Division League team South China.
Club career.
Tsang Man Fai had his first appearance of professional football match on 19 February 2011, which is a Hong Kong First Division League match, TSW Pegasus versus Fourway Rangers. He scored a goal in the penalty area of his team and assisted his teammate Makhosonke Bhengu to score the winning goal in his first professional match.
He was loaned to TSW Pegasus in January 2012, but will return to Biu Chun Rangers in the 2012–2013 season.
During 2012 summer, Tsang Man Fai joined fellow First Division club Yokohama FC Hong Kong.
On 28 June 2013, Tsang joined defending champions South China after spending a season at Yokohama FC Hong Kong. He is given jersey number 1 which was previously worn by Yapp Hung Fai, who left South China and joined Chinese Super League club Guizhou Renhe.
On 6 August 2013, Tsang was loaned to fellow First Division club Southern as Yapp's transfer fell through.
International career.
Tsang Man Fai was selected as a member of Hong Kong national under-19 football team in 2010 AFC U-19 Championship qualification. He has capped for 4 times at this level.

</doc>
<doc id="30956984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30956984" title="Common Service Centers">
Common Service Centers

Common Services Centers (CSC) (Hindi: सर्व सेवा केंद्र) are multiple-services-single-point model for providing facilities for multiple transactions at a single geographical location. The main purpose of these centres is to provide a physical facility for delivery of e-Services of the Government of India to the rural and remote locations where availability of computers and Internet is currently negligible or mostly absent. The introduction of eGovernance on a massive scale is part of the Common Minimum Programme (CMP) of the current UPA-II government of India. The CSC project, which forms a strategic component of the National eGovernance Plan was approved in September 2006. It is also one of the approved projects under the "Integrated Mission Mode Projects" of the National eGovernance Plan.
Introduction.
CSC is meant to be a low cost vehicle for Government institutions to deliver eGovernance services to the rural population of India in 'Simple, Moral, Accountable, Responsive and Transparent’(SMART) and most cost-effective manner. They are the physical front-end for delivery of eGovernment Services to citizens and accepting requests for government services from the private citizen via eForms. They would also be used for delivery of services and interaction with private service providers. The aim is to create 1,00,000 CSC across 600,000 rural and remote locations of India.
CSC is a strategic cornerstone of the National e-Governance Plan (NeGP), approved by the Government in May 2006, as part of its commitment in the National Common Minimum Programme to introduce e-governance on a massive scale
Objectives.
Officially, the objectives of the CSC have been stated as follows:
Through collaborative framework, the objective of CSC is to integrate the twin goals of profit making and social services, into a sustainable business model for achieving rapid socio-economic change in rural India.
Functions.
The following types of services are expected to be provided at the CSCs:
Project governance.
The project governance would have a 3-tier implementation framework involving the following stakeholders:
Project components.
The Project Components of the CSC consist primarily of Content & Services, Technology, Connectivity, Capacity Building and Business Model.
Implementation.
The implementation of the CSC would be done in a Public-Private-Partnership(PPP) model whereby the total project cost of Rs. 57.42 billion, over 4 years, would be shared between Government(30% equal to Rs. 16.49billion) and private finances (70% equal to Rs. 40.93 billion). The split between central and state government would be Rs. 8.56 billion and Rs. 7.93 billion respectively.
As of 31st Jan 2011, 88,689 CSCs have been rolled out in thirty one States/UTs. 100% CSCs have been rolled out in 11 (Eleven) States (Chandigarh, Delhi, Goa, Gujarat, Haryana, Jharkhand, Kerala, Manipur, Pondicherry, Sikkim & Tripura). More than 80% of the rollout has been completed in 6 States (Assam, Bihar, Madhya Pradesh, Meghalaya, Mizoram and West Bengal). In about 6 States (Chhattisgarh, Himachal Pradesh, Maharashtra, Orissa, Tamil Nadu and Uttarakhand) implementation of CSCs have crossed half way mark (more than 50%). It is expected that the roll out of 100,000 CSCs would be completed by March 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="30957007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957007" title="Left Alone (Mal Waldron album)">
Left Alone (Mal Waldron album)

Left Alone is an album by American jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in 1959 and released on the Bethlehem label. 
"Left Alone" is Waldron's signature song. He released an album of a similar title, "Left Alone Live 1" (Fontana Records). It was recorded in Japan in 1971 and features Isao Suzuki (b) / Yoshiyuki Nakamura (dms) / Kohsuke Mine (A Sax). West 54 Records released the album on LP in 1980 as "Left Alone: Mal Waldron Live".
The tracks "Left Alone" and "Catwalk" were released as two sides of a single; both were given four-star reviews by "Billboard".
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 3 stars, stating "Although Waldron dedicated the album to Lady Day and talks about her a bit on the last track in a short interview with vibraphonist Teddy Charles (which was recorded a bit later), he actually only performs one song from her repertoire... McLean's emotional alto is such a strong asset on the title cut that one wishes he were on the rest of this worthwhile set". 

</doc>
<doc id="30957012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957012" title="The Mouse Problem">
The Mouse Problem

"The Mouse Problem" is a Monty Python sketch, first aired in 1969 as part of "Sex and Violence", the second episode of "Monty Python's Flying Circus".
Overview.
In the sketch, an interviewer (Terry Jones) and linkman (Michael Palin) for a fictional programme called "The World Around Us", investigate the phenomenon of "men want to be mice". The programme bears a striking similarity to an episode of "Panorama"; even its theme tune, the fourth movement of Rachmaninoff's Symphony No. 1, was the theme tune of "Panorama" at the time.
A "confessor" (John Cleese) is interviewed about his experience as a mouse: when he was a teenager, he got drunk at a party and experimented with cheese, and gradually came to accept his mouse identity. "It's not a question of wanting to be a mouse — it just sort of happens to you," he tells the interviewer. "All of a sudden you realize… that's what you want to be." The "programme" features undercover footage of a "mouse party", and a discussion with psychiatrist and conjuror, The Amazing Kargol (Graham Chapman), about what attracts men to the mouse lifestyle. A series of vox pops illustrates societal attitudes towards mice men, and several historical figures who were mice, such as Julius Caesar and Napoleon, are shown. The programme also includes footage of men in mouse costumes being led into police stations, newspaper headlines about mouse scandals and mouse rights demonstrations, and photos of "mouse clubs".
In the original version of the sketch broadcast in 1969, Cleese gave out the telephone number of the mouse man as "01-584 5313". The number was David Frost's home telephone, which led to a large number of annoying telephone calls to Frost. The sketch was re-edited for the repeat showing in August 1970 to remove this section.
The deviant way of life explored in "The Mouse Problem" is an obvious parody of the secretive lives and social condemnation of gay men in the 1960s, and the sketch itself mimics the film and interview techniques used in serious television documentary exposés on the subject. Eric Zorn of the "Chicago Tribune" notes its similarity to a real 1967 documentary, "". Chapman himself, who wrote the sketch, was gay.
More recently, with a somewhat more literal interpretation, the sketch has come to be seen as a presage of the furry fandom.

</doc>
<doc id="30957016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957016" title="Larry Mitchell (baseball)">
Larry Mitchell (baseball)

Larry Paul Mitchell (born October 16, 1971) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball. He played for the Philadelphia Phillies in 1996.
Personal Life.
He lives in Waynesboro, VA currently with his Wife & three children & works at the Little Keswick School in Keswick, VA. Mitchell founded a company in August 2012 called "Freeagent Pros", that provides lessons for all kinds of sports.

</doc>
<doc id="30957019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957019" title="Ludus Dacicus">
Ludus Dacicus

The Ludus Dacicus or The Dacian Gladiatorial Training School was one of the four gladiator training schools ("ludi") in Ancient Rome. It was founded by Domitian (r. 81 - 96 AD), completed by Trajan (r. 98 - 117 AD), and was used to train gladiators drawn from among the Dacian prisoners taken by both emperors in their Dacian Wars. It was located east of the Colosseum, on the slopes of the Caelian Hill.
History.
Dacian prisoners were taken many times by the Romans and very often they were forced to fight in the arenas. Dio Cassius mentions that around 31 BC, after the Battle of Actium, where the Dacian king Dicomes provided help to Mark Antony, Augustus took the Dacian prisoners and made them fight in the arena as gladiators, against Suebi captives, a spectacle that lasted many days with no interruption.

</doc>
<doc id="30957024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957024" title="Lanyon, Iowa">
Lanyon, Iowa

Lanyon is an unincorporated community in Lost Grove Township in Webster County, Iowa, United States. It is located 17 miles south of the county seat of Fort Dodge, 2.65 miles south and 1 mile west of Harcourt (on U.S. Highway 169), and 3.3 miles north and 4.5 miles west of Boxholm. It is made up of seven blocks, bounded on the north by 390th Street, and on the east by Lanyon Avenue. It includes the Evangelical Covenant Church, founded in 1877 and located in Lanyon since 1909.
Its elevation is 1,171 feet (357 m).
History.
The community was founded by Swedish emigrants, part of a migration from Knox County, Illinois in the 1860s.
It is located on the diagonal route of a former interurban railroad between Boone and Rockwell City, which was used by the Fort Dodge, Des Moines and Southern Railroad until the 1960s. A station at Layton was opened in 1899 to serve a railway laid that year by the Marshalltown and Dakota Railroad Company to carry coal mined near Fraser northwest to connections at Gowrie. Lanyon was the site of a U.S. Post Office (established in 1900), the Lanyon Mutual Telephone Company (established in 1903), the Bank of Lanyon, Lanyon Well Company, and (until the early 1960s) Lanyon Consolidated School. Lanyon is now within the Prairie Valley Community School District.

</doc>
<doc id="30957025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957025" title="Callitriche antarctica">
Callitriche antarctica

Callitriche antarctica, commonly known as the Antarctic water-starwort, is a small, prostrate plant with tiny yellow flowers in the plantain family (though sometimes placed in its own family – Callitrichaceae). It is found in wet places on many subantarctic islands and has a wide circumantarctic distribution, something reflected in its specific epithet.
Description.
The starwort is a prostrate, mat-forming herb, with freely branched stems, rooting at the nodes. It has a similar appearance to watercress. The small, fleshy, spathulate leaves are usually 3–5 mm long and 1–2.5 mm wide. Flowering occurs from September to March. The yellowish to dull brown fruits are about a millimetre in diameter.
Distribution and habitat.
The starwort occurs on Campbell, Heard and Macquarie Islands, the Auckland, Antipodes, Kerguelen, Prince Edward, Crozet and Falkland Islands, as well as on South Georgia and Tierra del Fuego. The plant may be locally common, especially in boggy areas, along streams and around freshwater pools.

</doc>
<doc id="30957042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957042" title="Philipp von Mansfeld">
Philipp von Mansfeld

Philipp von Mansfeld (1589 - 8 April 1657), was Graf von (Count of) Mansfeld, Vorderort and Bornstedt who commanded troops during the Thirty Years' War. He first fought on the side of the Swedish Empire under his second-cousin, was captured, changed allegiance and raised a navy for General Albrecht von Wallenstein. Later, he commanded troops as "Feldmarschall" of the Holy Roman Empire.
Family.
Mansfeld was born in 1589, the son of Bruno, Count of Mansfeld-Vorderort and his wife, Christine of Barby and Mühlingen.
In 1611 Mansfeld married Maria von Mansfeld-Hinterort and they had six children:
Upon her death, Mansfeld married, in 1630, Margaretha Catharine von Lobkowicz but had no further children.
Military career.
Mansfeld first served under Ernst von Mansfeld and the Swedish Empire during the Thirty Years' War. The two were, in fact, second-cousins; Mansfeld's grandfather and Ernst von Mansfeld's father were half-brothers. Ernst von Mansfeld had originally fought on the side of the Catholics and Leopold V, Archduke of Austria, but conflicts with the Archduke had driven him to join the side of the Protestants.
Capture and abjuration.
In 1622, Ernst von Mansfeld's troops faced the army of Johann Tserclaes, Count of Tilly at the Battle of Mingolsheim. They were victorious but during Tilly's final push, Mansfeld's troops were overwhelmed and he was captured along with a number of other senior officers. Questioned about his relationship to his commanding officer, Mansfeld suggested he was a true "Graf von Mansfeld"; "ich bin der rechte, vnd der ander nicht" (""I am the true, the other is not"") - a reference to his second-cousin's illegitimate birth.
General Albrecht von Wallenstein inquired as to whether he might be persuaded to join (or, in fact, rejoin) the Holy Roman Empire. Mansfeld agreed and joined Wallenstein's forces.
Mansfeld's navy at Wismar.
In 1628, Wallenstein sent Mansfeld to raise a navy at Wismar, on the Baltic Sea. The local mayor was persuaded to give Mansfeld some abandoned buildings, part of an old foundry and an empty yard. Over the following year he ""brought together, in fact, a not insignificant naval force"" consisting of various vessels either bought from local merchants and converted, or captured and reconfigured. The force included a number of "Orlogsschiff", including two built from scratch and two captured Danish sailing barges.
The Danes tried to halt Mansfeld's progress by attacking Wismar in April 1628 and again in June, each time blocking the harbour entrance with barges and bombarding the town with cannon fire from larger ships. The Danes terrorised the town by sending smaller armed sloops into the harbour to capture fishermen. Mansfeld's compound suffered significant damage but his tiny makeshift "navy" was able to drive the Danes back out to sea. The Danes moved to nearby Poel where they captured several "Wismarsche" fishermen, took them to Denmark and imprisoned them in Copenhagen until the town paid a ransom of 100 guilders per captive.
The Danes continued to blockade the harbour while Mansfeld continue to build his navy. In 1629, 10 warships from Danzig joined the force, though two were lost on the way (one with 80 men on board) and another was delayed. On 22 May 1629, the Treaty of Lübeck was signed, effectively bringing an end to Danish involvement in the Thirty Years' War.
After the Treaty of Lübeck.
For a brief period toward the end of 1629, Mansfeld and Julius Henry, Duke of Saxe-Lauenburg were briefly sent to relieve a failed general near Memel.
After the Treaty of Lübeck and the withdrawal of the Danes, Mansfeld's navy continued to defend the Baltic Sea coastline of Germany against the forces of the Swedish Empire but fighting was limited to small skirmishes. In 1630, King Gustavus Adolphus of Sweden landed in Pomerania, to the East of Mansfeld's forces in Wismar. The Duchy of Pomerania capitulated and Bogislaw XIV, Duke of Pomerania, and his councillors negotiated the Treaty of Stettin with Adolphus.
In 1632, Mansfeld was appointed "General of the Infantry". The following year, on 16 November 1633 Mansfeld was appointed, "Feldmarschall of the Holy Roman Empire".
Conflict with the Count Palatine of Neuburg.
In 1634, Mansfeld commanded troops in smaller conflicts around Borken and Bönninghausen and his troops caused trouble for villagers and townfolk in neutral regions loyal to Wolfgang William, Count Palatine of Neuburg. In Windeck, 3000 cavalry troops looted various parishes and moved on to Overath, where the church was robbed. Mansfeld's generals and colonels used the opportunity to ""fill their pockets at the expense of the country"". The Count feared Mansfeld's troops would eventually make it to Düsseldorf and increased the garrison there.
The soldiers were, though, soon brought under control and the Count demanded restitution for damage caused to crops, livestock and property. Mansfeld paid a portion of the claim and records suggest he remained held in high regard for his skills as a commanding officer. But the damage, in the broader sense, had already been done and in October, Mansfeld was relieved of his command and ordered to pay further compensation.
Archduke Ferdinand of Austria (who later became Holy Roman Emperor), who had been appointed "Supreme Commander" at the death of General Wallenstein, was also given command of Mansfeld's troops as "Feldmarschall".
Conflict in Driedorf and Herborn.
After the Battle of Nördlingen to the South, Mansfeld was given command of a smaller force which he took, in 1635, to Braunfels and then to Driedorf to counterattacks and looting by Protestant troops and mercenaries. After Driedorf was looted and set alight, Mansfeld marched toward Herborn where there was heavy fighting. Sporadic fighting continued through the first half of 1635 and damage to nearby towns was extensive. Eventually, commanders from either side were convinced to come together in Mainz and negotiate a form of regional truce.

</doc>
<doc id="30957112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957112" title="John K. Edmunds">
John K. Edmunds

John Kaestli Edmunds (1900–1989) was a Chicago area lawyer and a leader in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) in the Chicago area.
Edmunds was born in Wales, Utah to Thomas Edmunds, an immigrant from Wales, and Frieda Louise Kaestli, an immigrant from Switzerland. When Edmunds was ten his father died. After this the family moved to Logan, Utah. He attended Brigham Young College and Utah State Agricultural College (now Utah State University). Edmunds then served a mission in the Eastern States Mission, presiding over the New Haven District for much of this time. The New Haven District covered all of Connecticut as well as Springfield, Massachusetts. After he returned from his mission, Edmunds continued his schooling at the University of Utah.
After graduating from the University of Utah, Edmunds studied at Northwestern University. After obtaining his juris doctorate he was involved in Corporate, Will, Trust and Real Estate Law.
While at the University of Utah, Edmunds had served as a member of the General Committee of the YMMIA and been involved in the expansion of the basketball program of that organization. In Chicago besides various assignments in the Logan Square Branch Edmunds served as a special representative of two mission presidents, first George S. Romney and then Bryant S. Hinckley. When the Chicago Stake was organized in 1936, Edmunds was called as a member of the stake presidency. He served in this position until 1945, when he became president of the Chicago Stake. He served in this position for the next 18 years. For about 16 of these years, one of his counselors in the stake presidency was David M. Kennedy. The stake included the entire Chicago Metro Area, including North-west Indiana, and also included Milwaukee, Wisconsin. While Edmunds was stake president, among other things he oversaw the building of a monumental-style stake center that was dedicated by David O. McKay in 1962.
In 1963, the Chicago stake was divided into three stakes. The newly organized stakes were the Milwaukee and the Chicago South (later Naperville, Illinois) stakes. Edmunds was called as patriarch of the Chicago Stake (since renamed the Wilmette Illinois Stake) as well as a member of the General Church Board charged with implementing the new Home Teaching program. In the later position Edmunds not only traveled around the US, Canada and Mexico but was periodically sent on church assignments to Europe. In 1967, Edmunds was called as one of the original Regional Representatives of the Twelve in which position he remained until 1969. From 1969–1972 Edmunds served as president of the California Mission based in Los Angeles. He then served from 1972 until 1977 as president of the Salt Lake Temple.
After serving as Temple President, Edmunds wrote a book entitled "Through Temple Doors" which was published by Bookcraft.
Edmunds and his wife Jasmine were the parents of two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="30957113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957113" title="João Pimenta da Veiga Filho">
João Pimenta da Veiga Filho

João Pimenta da Veiga Filho (Jr.) is a former communications minister of Brazil.
Pimenta da Veiga was born in 1947, in Belo Horizonte. Graduated in Law and Social Sciences from the
Federal University of Rio de Janeiro in the year of 1972.
He was elected for the Chamber of Deputies for the state of Minas Gerais for the mandates of 1979/83,
1983/87 and 1987/91. In the Chamber of Deputies Pimenta da Veiga participated as an effective member in
the Committees for Education and Culture, Law and Constitution, Mines and Energy, and presided over the
Special Committee for the New Civil Code, in 1983. He headed the PMDB (Party of the Brazilian Democratic Movement) in the Chamber of Deputies in the period 1985/86. Pimenta da Veiga was one of the
founder members of PSDB (Brazilian Social Democratic Party). He was the Party leader in the Chamber
in 1988 and its President in January/February 1989. In 1988, he was elected Mayor of Belo Horizonte and
indicated as candidate for Governor of the state of Minas Gerais, in 1990.
In 1994, Pimenta da Veiga was elected National President of PSDB and in the last polls he won a seat in the
Chamber representing the state of Minas Gerais for the mandate of 1999/2003.
Nominated as Minister of Communications on January 1 by the President of the Republic.
Nowadays he has retired from politics and is working as a lawyer in Brasília-DF.

</doc>
<doc id="30957114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957114" title="Daku Hasina">
Daku Hasina

Daku Hasina is a 1987 Bollywood film starring Rajinikanth, Jackie Shroff, Zeenat Aman and Rakesh Roshan.
Plot.
After the death of her parents, Roopa Saxena, attempts to get justice, only to find that the killers have bought the law, and their influence gets them off. Roopa then turns for help to dacait Mangal Singh, and she herself transforms herself into Dacait Hasina in order to avenge her parents' death. She gives birth to a mute child. The police entrust the matter of apprehending Daku Hasina to SP Ranjit Saxena, without realizing that he is the brother of Daku Hasina, and may actually join her to avenge the death his parents.

</doc>
<doc id="30957142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957142" title="Undercurrent (2010 film)">
Undercurrent (2010 film)

Undercurrent () is a 2010 Icelandic drama film, based on a play by the same name, and produced by the acclaimed theatre group Vesturport. The film won the Best Picture award at the 2011 Edda Awards in Iceland.

</doc>
<doc id="30957146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957146" title="Tony Mitchell (basketball, born 1989)">
Tony Mitchell (basketball, born 1989)

Tony Mitchell (born August 7, 1989) is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for the Fort Wayne Mad Ants of the NBA D-League
High school career.
As a junior at Swainsboro High School, Mitchell averaged 19 points, eight rebounds and five blocked shots. For his effort, he was named the 2007 Georgia Sports Writers Association Class AA Player of the Year and was voted all-state. He averaged 27 points, eight rebounds and five assists per game his senior year and lead his team to a 2008 regional title. Coming out of high school, Mitchell was rated as a four-star prospect and the #10 overall small forward by Scout.com and a four-star player and the #8 overall small forward by Rivals.com.
College career.
In June 2007, Mitchell committed to then head coach Mark Gottfried and the University of Alabama over the University of South Carolina and the University of Cincinnati. His enrollment with Alabama was delayed, however, due to academic issues and he was unable to join the team for the 2008–09 season. He instead played one season with Central Park Christian, a preparatory school in Birmingham, Alabama.
At Central Park, Mitchell led the team to a 25–0 record and a National Christian Education Basketball Tournament title. Despite Coach Gottfried being relieved of his duties at Alabama in January 2009, Mitchell maintained his commitment and joined the team and new coach Anthony Grant for the 2009–10 season.
As a freshman, Mitchell averaged over 23 minutes per game and made 18 starts for the (17–15) Crimson Tide. In just his second game, he scored 23 points on 10-14 shooting against Jackson State. On the season, he averaged 9.2 points and 5.9 rebounds and recorded three double-doubles including a 10-point, 12-rebound effort against Kentucky in the SEC Tournament. He was named as an SEC Freshman of the Week, Alabama's Most Outstanding Freshman and a member of the SEC All-Freshman Team.
In his sophomore season for the 2010–11 team, Mitchell led the team in scoring, rebounds, steals and minutes played. On February 21, he was named the SEC Player of the Week after he averaged 20 points and 6.5 rebounds in wins at LSU and over Arkansas. Against Arkansas, Mitchell scored a career-high 27 points on 11 of 15 shooting. He was second team All-SEC. After being suspended for conduct detrimental to the team, he was granted his release from the 2011–12 Alabama Crimson Tide men's basketball team.
Professional career.
After going undrafted in the 2012 NBA draft, Mitchell joined the Sacramento Kings for the 2012 NBA Summer League. In November 2012, he was acquired by the Fort Wayne Mad Ants. In March 2013, he won the 2013 D-League Dream Factory Dunk Contest.
On April 16, 2013, he was named the 2013 NBA D-League Rookie of the Year. He was a two-time NBA D-League Performer of the Week and March’s NBA D-League Co-Player of the Month.
In May 2013, he joined the Talk 'N Text Tropang Texters for the 2013 Commissioner's Cup.
In July 2013, he joined the Boston Celtics for the Orlando Summer League and the New York Knicks for the Las Vegas Summer League.
In October 2013, he signed with the Jilin Northeast Tigers of China for the 2013–14 season. In December 2013, he left Jilin after 11 games. On January 8, 2014, he was re-acquired by the Fort Wayne Mad Ants.
On March 4, 2014, he signed a 10-day contract with the Milwaukee Bucks. On March 14, 2014, he was not offered a second 10-day contract by the Bucks. Two days later, he was re-acquired by the Mad Ants.

</doc>
<doc id="30957155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957155" title="Pulney Andy">
Pulney Andy

Senjee Pulney Andy (1831 – September 1909), also known by name S. Parani Andi or S. Parani Andy, was a doctor by profession and, in 1860, became the first Indian to receive a British medical degree. He also conceived and established the National Church of India in Madras in 1886.
Education and career.
Senjee Pulney Andy was born into a Hindu family in 1831 in Tiruchirappalli or Trichinopoly as it was known then. He graduated from Madras Christian College in 1859 and left to England where he registered for a medical degree. He received his degree of Doctor of Medicine from the University of St. Andrews in 1860. In 1862, he became a fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons and returned to India. He received a special appointment from the Madras government as superintendent of vaccination and was posted to the Malabar. During his appointment he published papers in various journals including "The Protective Influence of Vaccination" and "On Branched Palms in Southern India." He also studied the efficacy of neem leaves in curing small pox.
National Church of India.
After his return from England, Andy received his baptism in Calicut on 3 May 1863. However he did not join a church. After retiring from service, Andy worked towards establishing an indigenous Christian movement which would be self-governing and stand independent from Western Christianity and missionaries. In an effort to unite the various Christian denominations extant in India at the time he conceived and established the National Church of India on September 12, 1886 in Madras, a movement that would be rooted in Indian culture and symbolism. 
The movement did not garner much support from either Western missionaries or Indian Christian pastors. According to the missionaries, this church would result in a proliferation of new sects and would sap existing churches of their support. Indian pastors were also opposed generally to the idea because according to Andy, they would rather depend on foreign missions than on local support. It has been argued that the National Church of India was an attempt by Hindu high-caste converts to distance themselves from lower-caste converts. The movement lost momentum in 1898 and faded rapidly after Andy's death in 1909.

</doc>
<doc id="30957178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957178" title="Charles Epstein (geneticist)">
Charles Epstein (geneticist)

Charles Joseph Epstein (September 3, 1933 – February 15, 2011) of Tiburon, California, was a geneticist who was severely injured in 1993 when he became a victim of a mail bomb attack by the Unabomber.
Education.
He was first in his 1959 class at Harvard Medical School, and then interned at Harvard's Peter Bent Brigham hospital.
Career.
Epstein began his work in medical genetics—the application of genetics research to human care—in a fellowship with Arno Motulsky, one of the founders of medical genetics, at his Seattle University of Washington lab. While there, Epstein worked to understand the nature of Werner's syndrome, a genetic disease that causes premature aging.
He is most notable for conducting groundbreaking research on Down syndrome. In 1967 he became the chairman of the medical genetics division in the pediatrics department of UC San Francisco. He did research on making a mouse model for Down syndrome. 
During the last 10 years of his life, Epstein participated in the formation of the Buck Institute located in Novato, California, serving as chairman of its scientific advisory board and board of trustees.
Unabomber.
In June 1993 Epstein received a mail bomb sent by Ted Kaczynski, known at the time as the Unabomber. The explosion severed several of Epstein's fingers, caused abdominal injuries, and resulted in a partial loss of his hearing.
Death.
Epstein died on February 15, 2011 after a protracted struggle with pancreatic cancer at the age of 77.

</doc>
<doc id="30957189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957189" title="Mary Reed Hall">
Mary Reed Hall

Mary Reed Hall is located on the University of Denver campus in Denver, Colorado south west of University Hall. It was built in 1932 as a new library to replace the Andrew S. Carnegie library. The building, named after Mary D. Reed (Mrs. Verner Z. Reed), was first used in January 1933. When Penrose Library (which is now Anderson Academic Commons) was built in 1972, the building was decommissioned. The Mary Reed Building now houses administrative offices, including those of the chancellor and provost.
Mary and Verner Reed.
Ohio natives, Mary Reed and her husband Verner Reed moved to Colorado in 1893. Verner Reed was very prosperous from mining, ranching, banking and irrigation in Colorado. When he died in April 1919, he left his wife Mary with an estate worth $20 million, equal to nearly $400 million today. Mary Reed used the money acquired from the estate and donated nearly $500,000 to the university to fund and construct a new library. Over the years, Reed added more than $200,000 to her previous contributions, served on the Board of Trustees and received an honorary degree in 1939. Mary Reed died in April 1945.
Planning.
Planning for the library began in 1931 after Mary Reed made her donation to the university. The University of Denver chose a site that was centrally located on campus and that had a view of the Rocky Mountains. Denver local, Harry J. Manning was selected by Reed to be the architect for the building.
Construction.
The building was funded by $500,000 donated by Mary Reed. The donation of the money was dedicated in a three-day celebration in October 1932. A. Danielson & Son were selected to construct the building and the process began on September 5, 1931. The red bricks used on the Mary Reed Building were specially made by Denver Sewer Pipe and Clay Company and Indiana limestone. With a central tower, the building was supposed to reflect a modified collegiate gothic style structure. On February 12, 1932, the Mary Reed Building’s cornerstone was laid.
In the summer of 2008, construction workers spent time tuck-pointing the building. This process involves replacing old mortar in order to better bind the bricks together. The hope is that this process will allow the Mary Reed Building to stand strong for the next 100 years.
Features.
The Mary Reed Building is and has four stories. The facility boasts gothic arches and windows, wrought-iron railings with aluminum caps, exhibit cases, cathedral lights specially designed with bronze and iron, and terrazzo stairways and corner halls. The building holds a number of seminar and conference rooms, along with administrative offices. A Renaissance Room was opened for students to read and browse books. Furthermore, there was a treasure room mainly for rare books and manuscripts and exhibit rooms for archaeology and art displays. Mary Reed’s portrait hangs in the Renaissance Room in honor of a request she made before her death and to remind the public of her generosity to the University of Denver. The back of the building is home to the Harper Humanities Garden, which features a number of fountains, which connect the Mary Reed Building to the Evans Chapel.
Ghosts.
The Mary Reed Building has been said to be haunted for many years. The custodial staff often reports strange happenings within the historic building. Examples include books being strewn around locked rooms, sightings of a ghostly woman, and alarms going off when the building is deserted. There are even reports that a chair in the old library often feels warms as though someone just sat in it when, in fact, it had been empty for hours. Because of these spooky experiences, it is common for staff to refuse to enter the building late at night.
Some believe that the spirit is Mary Reed herself haunting the building. Others think that it is University of Denver alumna Margery Reed, who died in 1925. The DuPont room, in which a ghost has been reported, is said to be haunted by Marcella Miller DuPont, who made a donation for a study room in the Mary Reed Building.

</doc>
<doc id="30957193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957193" title="Hariharpara (community development block)">
Hariharpara (community development block)

Hariharpara (community development block) is an administrative division in Barhampur subdivision of Murshidabad district in the Indian state of West Bengal. Hariharpara police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is at Hariharpara.
Geography.
Hariharpara is located at 
Hariharpara community development block has an area of 252.80 km2.
Gram panchayats.
Gram panchayats of Hariharpara block/ panchayat samiti are: Beharia, Choa, Dharampur, Hariharpara, Humaipur, Khidirpur, Malopara, Raipur, Rukunpur, Swaruppur.
Demographics.
As per 2001 census, Hariharpara block has a total population of 221,701, out of which 114,524 were males and 107,185 were females. Hariharpara block registered a population growth of 19.50 per cent during the 1991-2001 decade. Decadal growth for the district was 23.70 per cent.Decadal growth in West Bengal was 17.84 per cent.
Healthcare.
Hariharpara block is one of the areas where ground water is affected by arsenic contamination. 

</doc>
<doc id="30957212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957212" title="Naoda (community development block)">
Naoda (community development block)

Naoda (community development block) (also spelt Nawda) is an administrative division in Barhampur subdivision of Murshidabad district in the Indian state of West Bengal. Naoda police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is at Amtala.
Geography.
Naoda is located at 
Naoda community development block has an area of 230.69 km2.
Gram panchayats.
Gram panchayats of Naoda block/ panchayat samiti are: Bali I, Bali II, Chandpur, Kedarchandpur I, Kedarchandpur II, Madhupur, Nawda, Patikabari, Raipur and Sarbangapur.
Demographics.
As per 2001 census, Naoda block has a total population of 196,021, out of which 100,997 were males and 95,024 were females. Naoda block registered a population growth of 19.14 per cent during the 1991-2001 decade. Decadal growth for the district was 23.70 per cent.Decadal growth in West Bengal was 17.84 per cent.
Healthcare.
Naoda block is one of the areas where ground water is affected by arsenic contamination. 

</doc>
<doc id="30957213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957213" title="Fuki-ji">
Fuki-ji


</doc>
<doc id="30957227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957227" title="Dasht-e-Tanhai">
Dasht-e-Tanhai

Dasht-e-Tanhai is a popular Urdu ghazal. It is written by the Faiz Ahmed Faiz. It was known for its rendition by Iqbal Bano and later by Tina Sani and Meesha Shafi (Coke Studio).
Lyrics.
The lyrics in Devnagari script.

</doc>
<doc id="30957240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957240" title="2012 United States Women's Curling Championship">
2012 United States Women's Curling Championship

The 2012 United States Women's Curling Championship took place from February 11 to 18 at the IceWorks Skating Complex in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It was held in conjunction with the 2012 United States Men's Curling Championship. The winning team, skipped by Allison Pottinger, will represent the United States at the 2012 Ford World Women's Curling Championship in Lethbridge, Alberta. The first and second placed teams, skipped respectively by Allison Pottinger and Cassandra Potter, earned qualification spots to the 2014 United States Olympic Curling Trials, which will determine the teams that will represent the United States at the 2014 Winter Olympics.
Road to the Nationals.
As with last year, teams qualified for the women's nationals by qualifying automatically through the World Curling Tour Order of Merit or through a challenge round. Four teams qualified via the Order of Merit, while six teams qualified via the challenge round. The challenge round was held in Marshfield, Wisconsin, where the teams that did not qualify directly via the Order of Merit competed for the final six spots in the nationals.
Teams.
The teams are listed as follows:
Round Robin Standings.
"Final Round Robin Standings"
Round Robin Results.
All times listed in Eastern Standard Time.
Draw 1.
"Saturday, February 11, 4:30 pm"
Draw 2.
"Sunday, February 12, 8:00 am
Draw 3.
"Sunday, February 12, 4:00 pm"
Draw 4.
"Monday, February 13, 8:00 am
Draw 5.
"Monday, February 13, 4:00 pm"
Draw 6.
"Tuesday, February 14, 12:00 pm"
Draw 7.
"Tuesday, February 14, 8:00 pm"
Draw 8.
"Wednesday, February 15, 12:00 pm"
Draw 9.
"Wednesday, February 15, 8:00 pm"
Playoffs.
1 vs. 2 Game.
"Thursday, February 16, 8:00 pm"
3 vs. 4 Game.
"Thursday, February 16, 8:00 pm"
Semifinal.
"Friday, February 17, 4:00 pm"
Championship Final.
"Saturday, February 18, 10:00 am"

</doc>
<doc id="30957242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957242" title="2012 United States Men's Curling Championship">
2012 United States Men's Curling Championship

The 2012 United States Men's Curling Championship took place from February 11 to 18 at the IceWorks Skating Complex in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It was held in conjunction with the 2012 United States Women's Curling Championship. The winning team, skipped by Heath McCormick, will represent the United States at the 2012 Capital One World Men's Curling Championship in Basel, Switzerland. The first and second placed teams, skipped respectively by Heath McCormick and Pete Fenson, earned qualification spots to the 2014 United States Olympic Curling Trials, which will determine the teams that will represent the United States at the 2014 Winter Olympics.
Road to the Nationals.
As with last year, teams qualified for the men's nationals by qualifying automatically through the World Curling Tour Order of Merit, through regional qualifiers, or through a challenge round. Two teams qualified via the Order of Merit, five teams qualified through the regional qualifiers, and the remaining three teams qualified through the challenge round. The regional qualifiers in Green Bay, Seattle, Grand Forks, and Laurel each received one or more qualifying spots, which were awarded to the top finishers from the qualifiers. Teams that were not awarded a qualification spot but were top finishers were invited to the challenge round, where the top three teams qualified.
The Pete Fenson rink stood as an exception to the preceding rules. Since Fenson and his team were scheduled to represent the United States in the 2012 USA-Brazil Challenge, which was cancelled, they received an automatic berth into the nationals, regardless of their Order of Merit standing. Because they were not one of the top two Order of Merit teams, the Fenson rink participated as the eleventh team in the nationals.
Teams.
There will be eleven teams participating in this year's national championship, one more team than usual, due to the Fenson rink's scheduled participation in the USA-Brazil Challenge. The teams are listed as follows:
Round Robin Standings.
"Final Round Robin Standings"
Round Robin Results.
All times listed in Eastern Standard Time.
Draw 1.
"Saturday, February 11, 8:30 pm"
Draw 2.
"Sunday, February 12, 12:00 pm"
Draw 3.
"Sunday, February 12, 8:00 pm"
Draw 4.
"Monday, February 13, 12:00 pm"
Draw 5.
"Monday, February 13, 8:00 pm"
Draw 6.
"Tuesday, February 14, 8:00 am
Draw 7.
"Tuesday, February 14, 4:00 pm"
Draw 8.
"Wednesday, February 15, 8:00 am
Draw 9.
"Wednesday, February 15, 4:00 pm"
Draw 10.
"Thursday, February 16, 8:00 am
Draw 11.
"Thursday, February 16, 12:00 pm"
Playoffs.
1 vs. 2 Game.
"Friday, February 17, 12:00 pm"
3 vs. 4 Game.
"Friday, February 17, 12:00 pm"
Semifinal.
"Friday, February 17, 8:00 pm"
Championship Final.
"Saturday, February 18, 3:00 pm"

</doc>
<doc id="30957264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957264" title="Mountain Wave Project">
Mountain Wave Project

The Mountain Wave Project (MWP) pursues global scientific research of gravity waves and associated turbulence. MWP seeks to develop new scientific insights and knowledge through high altitude and record seeking glider flights with the goal of increasing overall flight safety and improving pilot training.
Corporate history.
Motivation.
Wind movement over terrain and ground obstacles can create wavelike wind formations which can reach up to the stratosphere. In 1998 the pilots René Heise and Klaus Ohlmann founded the MWP, a project for global classification, research, and analysis of orographically created wind structures (e.g. Chinook, Foehn, Mistral, Zonda). The MWP is an independent non-profit-project of the Scientific and Meteorological Section of the Organisation Scientifique et Technique du Vol à Voile (OSTIV) and is supported by the Fédération Aéronautique Internationale (FAI).
The MWP was originally focused on achieving better understanding. of the complex thermal and dynamic air movements in the atmosphere, and using that knowledge to achieve ever greater long distance soaring flights. As MWP gained greater awareness of the power inherent to mountain wave-like structures in the atmosphere, and their strong vertical airflows, it became obvious that they presented great dangers to civil aviation in multiple ways. Therefore, the focus of the MWP shifted to a more scientific approach to the airflow phenomena, with the goal of discovering new ways to increase overall aviation safety. Through the support of other scientists and cooperation partners the core group became more powerful and gained greater depth of knowledge. The integration of Joerg Hacker from the Airborne Research Australia (ARA) into the core group significantly enhanced the overall depth of knowledge of the group.
Airborne measurements.
In order to learn more about the relevant physical process in the atmosphere, the MWP Team launched two expeditions in the Argentinean Andes in 1999 and 2006. For high altitude flights a modified Stemme S10 VT motorglider was used as a platform for airborne data acquisition and measurement. The pilots were assisted with life support equipment and physiological preparations by the renowned flight physicians of the German Aerospace Center (DLR) and by astronaut Ulf Merbold.
Thanks to the help of qualified scientists and state-of-the-art sensor technology, the MWP achieved its goal to gather and analyze wave structure data with impressive results at the operation in Mendoza in October 2006. Research flights and operations were completed in the region between the Tupungato (5.700 m) and Aconcagua (6.900m), which is very well known for its extremely treacherous turbulence.
Record flights.
Between 2000 and 2004 MWP team member Klaus Ohlmann further developed and expanded on the knowledge about wave systems gained in the Andes in 1999, and accumulated a wealth of experience. This educational process allowed him to win the OSTIV Kuettner Prize for the first 2000 km straight out wave flight, as well as completing the world's longest recorded soaring flight of 3,008 km. He was supported by his MWP teammates in Germany using internet communications to provide specific weather predictions using a new weather forecasting tool. In these flights, he provided crucial in-flight data, which in turn helped to improve subsequent weather predictions by the team in Germany.
Two MWP members participated in the 2006 field research campaign of the Terrain Induced Rotor Experiment (T-REX) which took place in the Sierra Nevada (U.S.A.). René Heise served as scientific reviewer for the National Science Foundation and contributed MWP wave forecasts to the data archive. Wolf-Dietrich Herold documented activities in Boulder/CO and Bishop/CA and produced a TV-report of the project for the German TV station RBB.

</doc>
<doc id="30957282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957282" title="Angeline Quinto">
Angeline Quinto

Angeline Quinto (born November 26, 1989) is a Filipino singer, actress, and winner of "Star Power: Search For The Next Female Pop Superstar" in 2011.
Early life.
She was born on November 26, 1989, and the only daughter of Pop Quiros and Rosemarie Susan Mabao. Mabao initially wanted an abortion as 
she felt that she could no longer continue to be a mother while being in an abusive relationship with her father. Her father's aunt, Sylvia "Mama Bob" Quinto, however convinced her not to and instead offered to raise Angeline. After Mabao gave birth to Quinto, she gave up her parental rights to Mama Bob and fled while her father left for another family. Growing up in Sampaloc, Manila, Quinto was already aware that she was adopted and often kept in touch with her biological father however she never met her mother. She was eventually reunited with her mother twenty three years later in 2012. She participated in several singing competitions in her town, but lost most of them. Despite her failures she still pursued her dreams and continued to compete in singing competitions. She would even sneak out of the house to join competitions. Then came a night of a very special night where she won 3 different competitions in just one night. Her grand mother was so proud when she won Php7,000 (US$165) and she even cooked a delicious dinner for her grandmother.
Career.
Star for a Night.
Angeline was a finalist where she competed with Sarah Geronimo in a singing competition hosted by the Asia's Songbird, Regine Velasquez. She also competed with Mark Bautista now recording star, and Mau Marcelo later won as first Philippine Idol and became Philippine Diamond Diva. Sharon Cuneta was one of the judges that night and the host of Star Power: Sharon's Search For the Next Female Pop Superstar.
MTB: Teen PopStar.
Angeline was the grand winner (tied with Sherilyn Flores) of MTB: Teen PopStar, where she competed with Jonalyn Viray during the pre-finals. Charice became a champion in Bulilit PopStar division.
Diz Iz It.
She also joined GMA's Diz Iz It segment Diz Iz Kantahan: Challenge the Champion, where she was a wildcard finalist or 1st Grand Finalist.
Star Power: Sharon Search For the Next Female Superstar.
She holds now the title as First female Pop Superstar for gaining a combined score from judges, online voting and text of 92.88%., followed by the 21-year old Krissel Valdez from Davao as the runner up. Monica Sacay ranked third where she scored 85.196%.
The final showdown of the competition was held at the Ynares Center in Antipolo where Angeline Quinto bested four other finalists (Akiko, K-La, Monica and Krissel).
There were three rounds of showdown. Akiko Solon of Cebu was the first to be eliminated at round one where all five contestants performed a song of their choice. In the second elimination round, four finalists performed a song picked by the judges. Unpredictably, K-La Rivera was eliminated on this round with a final score of 83.45. The three remaining contestants competed for the third and final round singing an original composition from Star Records.
Quinto also triumphed one million cash, a car, and an entertainment showcase from Sony Philippines, diamond jewelry from JMK Jewelry and an exclusive recording contract from Star Records.
She is officially member of ASAP Rocks.
On July 15, 2011, Quinto staged her first solo concert. She also toured and opened for Sharon Cuneta in her United States concert tour. She has sung several soundtracks for ABS-CBN television dramas and films. She is currently a performer on ASAP Rocks. Her album received a Double Platinum certification from PARI.
On July 15, 2011 Angeline Quinto staged her first solo concert. She also toured and opened for Sharon Cuneta in her United States concert tour. She has sung several soundtracks for ABS-CBN television dramas and films. She is currently a performer on ASAP Rocks.
Influences.
Angeline Quinto has cited various artists as influences to her musical style. She grew up listening to songs of Regine Velasquez and says she is the main reason she does music. Quinto credits Velasquez's singing and her song "What Kind Of Fool Am I" as influencing her to begin practicing vocal "runs" as a child, as well as helping her pursue a career as a musician. Quinto also cites influences from American artists such as Mariah Carey, Whitney Houston and Beyonce Knowles.

</doc>
<doc id="30957295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957295" title="Garnet Peak">
Garnet Peak

Garnet Peak is a mountain in east-central British Columbia, Canada, located between Goat Creek and Azure Lake. Situated in the Cariboo Mountains of the Columbia Mountains, it is the highest mountain in Wells Gray Provincial Park with an elevation of . Garnet Peak is a prominent mountain as one drives the Clearwater Valley Road into Wells Gray Park and is first visible from nearly south at the Clearwater Valley Overlook. 
Garnet Peak stands alone as a pyramidal peak. From Clearwater Lake, it appears to be part of the Huntley-Buchanan Ridge which extends most of the length of Azure Lake on its north side. It is actually located about north of Tryfan Mountain and the two are connected by a broad hogsback at an elevation of . This fact becomes obvious as one travels north on Clearwater Lake by boat; Garnet Peak actually gets smaller and eventually disappears behind the Huntley-Buchanan Ridge. Garnet Peak is not visible from anywhere on Azure Lake. 
First ascent.
Garnet Peak was first climbed on August 29, 1974, by Hugh Neave (leader), Barb Hargreaves and Tor Schmid. Hugh Neave was a latecomer among the explorers of Wells Gray Park, but he was drawn by the scenery and the challenge of mountaineering, rather than by the wealth of mining, trapping or guiding. In 1966, he made his first expedition to the Huntley-Buchanan Ridge and was a regular visitor to those peaks for the next 20 years. An ascent of Garnet Peak had been Neave's dream since he first saw the mountain in 1966 and he organized three expeditions which were all turned back by severe weather. He blazed the first trail from Azure Lake to Huntley Col and improved it with each trip. Today, it is the only trail from the lakeshore and is maintained by its users. Finally, in 1974 at the age of 65, Neave achieved his dream when he summited Garnet Peak and he named the mountain for the small garnets he found in rock formations near the summit. Neave died in 1988 and Mount Hugh Neave, just north of Garnet Peak, was named the following year in recognition of his climbs in northern Wells Gray Park. Later in 1988, members of the Kamloops Mountaineering Club carried his ashes to the top of Garnet Peak. 
Access and climbing route.
Fewer than 100 people have climbed Garnet Peak since 1974. It is not a difficult mountain to climb because there is only one short pitch requiring a rope and pitons. It is the access and the unpredictable weather in northern Wells Gray Park which turn back most expeditions. A Garnet Peak ascent should be planned for four days, but can be done in three. 
The Huntley Col trail starts at Four and a Half Mile Campground on the north shore of Azure Lake. It goes straight up the mountain without the pleasantry of switchbacks and is a steady grind of to the Col. This climb takes at least five hours with backpacks. Huntley Col, between Mount Huntley to the west and Batoche Peak to the east, is the best place to camp since there is a year-round snow patch for water and it is sheltered from the near constant wind. On the second day, the route contours along the north side of Batoche and Tryfan, then traverses the hogsback north to Garnet. The climb itself is mostly on the southwest ridge with one rock pitch of where a rope and pitons are necessary and a rappel on the descent. The round trip from Huntley Col to the summit takes about 12 hours. The third day is the descent to Azure Lake. The optional fourth day is a cushion in case of bad weather, or it can be used for a hike along the Huntley-Buchanan Ridge as far as Tryfan Mountain. For a detailed description of the Garnet Peak climbing route, see "Exploring Wells Gray Park", pages 192-194. 

</doc>
<doc id="30957330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957330" title="North West Regional College (Saskatchewan)">
North West Regional College (Saskatchewan)

North West Regional College is a regional college based out of two primary campuses in Meadow Lake and North Battleford that provides post-secondary education in the north east region of the province. 
Programs.
North West Regional College provides certificate and diploma programs in a variety of fields and journeyman trades. A limited number of university courses are offered at the College in partnership with the University of Saskatchewan and University of Regina. 

</doc>
<doc id="30957333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957333" title="Shanghai (2012 film)">
Shanghai (2012 film)

Shanghai is a 2012 Hindi political thriller film directed by Dibakar Banerjee, starring Abhay Deol, Emraan Hashmi, Kalki Koechlin, Prosenjit Chatterjee, and based on the French film "Z" and a novel by the same name by Vassilis Vassilikos. On 6 June 2012, the high court refused stay on the release of the film. It received critical acclaim upon its release on 8 June 2012 with 1200 prints.
Plot.
The film is set against the backdrop of the fictional bustling city of Bharat Nagar, which is hailed as an example of progress through infrastructure, with the backing of the local political party in coalition with the state government. State government is planning to build International Business Park, IBP, making the city a Shanghai.
The film opens with Bhaggu (Pitobash Tripathy) and Jaggu (Anant Jog) discussing petty matters before Bhaggu participates in the assault and tarring of a local bookstore owner who stocks the copies of Dr. Ahmadi's (Prosenjit Chatterjee) latest book, which criticises the local party Morcha for ignoring the plight of the poor in its quest for infrastructure. Ahmadi, a socialist academic based in New York, is scheduled to visit Bharat Nagar for a speech. Shalini (Kalki Koechlin), a former student of Ahmadi, lives in the area and is part of a small group that struggles to raise awareness about the underside of the local party's progress-related platform. Shalini's maid Gauri pleads with Shalini to stop Ahmadi from visiting, warning that he will not make it out alive. Shalini is alarmed but Gauri refuses to say more, and the visit remains as planned.
Jogi (Emraan Hashmi) works in a video shop of questionable repute with the owner Vinod. They have an assignment to shoot a promotional video with the local party leader Deshnayak (Kiran Karmarkar), but it is interrupted by an urgent phone call about a plan change. Deshnayak's men, headed by the intimidating Damle (Megh Pant), chase off the videographers but the camera keeps rolling. Elsewhere, TA Krishnan (Abhay Deol), an IAS officer and Vice Chairman of IBP, who is the favourite of the Chief Minister (Supriya Pathak), is assured by Principal Secretary Kaul (Farooq Sheikh) of a promotion and a trip to Stockholm. Kaul pesters Krishnan to quickly clear a file regarding a land acquisition tender for building a hospital.
Ahmadi arrives from New York and overcomes obstacles in the way of Morcha protesters and an apathetic police to deliver a scathing speech against the establishment. A mob gathers outside of the auditorium where he is speaking, and attacks his associates. As the speech finishes, Ahmadi heads out to confront the mob, only to find them quiet and under control. When he addresses them, he is suddenly run over by a Tempo driven by Jaggu (ostensibly an accident). One of Ahmadi's associates chases the Tempo and causes it to crash into a building, leading to the arrest of Jaggu, though Bhaggu is missing. Ahmadi survives but winds up comatose in a hospital. Shalini, confident that this was a planned attack and not an accident, notices that Jogi, who was on an assignment to capture the speech and its aftermath, has video footage of the event, but he doesn't seem to have found anything useful.
Back at the studio, Vinod informs Jogi that he has incriminating evidence against the IBP. He wants to set up a meeting with Shalini so he can sell her the tape. Dr. Ahmadi's wife Aruna (Tillotama Shome) arrives to take his body back to Delhi and seems to have no interest in his movement or getting to the bottom of the conspiracy, but relents and agrees to lead a media campaign demanding the truth. The pressure created by the campaign forces the CM's office to set up an inquiry commission headed by Krishnan. Krishnan finds that the police are obfuscating the facts and hiding evidence, so he summons SSP Chavan (Chinmay Mandlekar), but finds him no more co-operating than any other policeman. The inquiry is held in an open setting where viewers are allowed, but Shalini's sudden outburst on the first day gets her kicked out and banned. Jogi extends Vinod's offer to set up a meeting to Shalini, but she seems oblivious.
Eventually, Shalini relents and visits Jogi's studio, where Vinod confirms that he has a video that proves that Ahmadi's accident wasn't an accident but instead a conspiracy. Vinod explains that he can't give out the video for free and asks Shalini to make an offer but she leaves without making one. Later, Vinod is found dead in what looks like an accident involving his scooter and Jogi is forced to identify him. At a later Morcha rally where Jogi is filming, Damle approaches him and informs him that he knows about the tape while subtly threatening him. Jogi is about to pack up and leave town, but Shalini comes back to him and they discover many of the same faces in the mob after Ahmadi's speech and at the party rally, confirming the identity of the goons.
Meanwhile, Krishan gets conflicting statements from various police officers, and is convinced that they're hiding something. At the local police station, he determines that the relevant entries from the station diary are missing, and pulls rank to get to the truth – the entry in the diary was torn out at the behest of SSP Chavan. Secretary Kaul constantly nags him to finish up the inquiry (according to Kaul, it's a clear case of drunk driving and police miscommunication) and clear the land-acquisition proposal for the hospital. When examining the hospital file, Krishnan finds that there's only one tender and asks his aides to search for the other tenders.
Bhaggu keeps attending party rallies despite warnings from Damle to stay away and lay low. Damle bails Jaggu out of jail and tells him to stay at home and not move. After a brief altercation at a rally, Damle agrees to allow Bhaggu back at the rallies. Elsewhere, Shalini and her group get into Krishan's house to present him the CD of evidence linking IBP goons to the accident. Krishnan reluctantly accepts and after viewing the CD, sends out summons to several goons and the leader Deshnayak. In a public rally, Deshnayak rejects the summons, sparking up a riotous mob. Meanwhile, Jogi is ready to catch a train to return to his native Jodhpur (from where he ran away due to a caste dispute over a girl he loved) but is paid a visit by Shalini at the studio. Morcha thugs attack and ransack the studio, but Jogi and Shalini manage to escape and hide out on the roof until morning. In the chaos of the riots, Bhaggu is found dead, ostensibly from falling off a moving vehicle.
Shalini and Jogi manage to reach Shalini's home outside the town of Bharat Nagar, where she receives a panicked call from Gauri (her maid from earlier), claiming that Gauri's family's lives are in danger. Shalini and Jogi take advantage of a curfew (imposed due to the earlier rioting) to sneak into Bharat Nagar and to Gauri's place, where it is revealed that Jaggu is Gauri's husband. After an initial fit of rage, Shalini agrees to help them. Jogi suddenly remembers that Vinod kept the backup of the incriminating video on his hard disk, and sneaks back to the studio to get it. Meanwhile, Krishnan has a meeting set up with the Chief Minister about the growing scope of the inquiry. Krishnan is confident of unravelling the conspiracy if he is given more time. The Chief Minister, buoyant because of a national coalition (about to be announced the next day) that has opened a path for her to eventually ascend the ladder and become Prime Minister, offers to conduct an independent CBI inquiry and asks Krishan to hand over his interim reports. Krishnan is also presented with the approval of his trip to Stockholm and a position on the board of the multinational company responsible for the infrastructure boom in Bharat Nagar.
Jogi finds the CPU amid the wreckage of the studio and has a narrow escape from the thugs chasing him, Shalini, and Gauri's family. Eventually they all arrive at Krishnan's house, where they show him the incriminating video, which establishes beyond doubt that Deshnayak conspired to have Ahmadi killed and that the Chief Minister was complicit in this plan. Krishnan is dumbfounded by this new revelation. At a party for celebrating the new national coalition, Krishnan confronts Kaul with the truth. He vehemently denies involvement to start with, but then acknowledges it before threatening to ruin Krishnan's career. Undeterred, Krishnan blackmails Kaul with the information that he tried to pass the hospital land acquisition on a single tender despite having a clear conflict of interest. He makes it clear to Kaul that if Krishnan goes down, he will take Kaul down with him. Krishnan offers Kaul an out – inform the Home Minister's secretary of the plot, get the Governor to demand the CM's resignation, start a national investigation into the conspiracy, and save his own skin. He also approaches the Home Minister's secretary with news that Kaul has important evidence proving that Ahmadi was attacked and that the national party would have a PR disaster explaining why it entered into a coalition with a corrupt Chief Minister. He points out that action must be taken before the coalition is announced the next day. A disgusted Kaul, explaining that there was a real opportunity for progress under the Chief Minister (especially if she became the Prime Minister) that has now been wasted, asks Krishnan if this is the justice he wanted. Eventually Kaul leaves to talk to the Home Minister's secretary.
In the hospital, Ahmadi's family decide to take him off the ventilator.
An epilogue explains the fate of the major characters: Krishnan refused the chance to go to Stockholm to ensure that a national investigation is opened up as per his plan. Jogi escaped Bharat Nagar but as a pornographer wanted by the police, but is declared untraceable. Shalini wrote a book about the conspiracy, but it is banned in India. In the closing scene, Jaggu is operating a bulldozer demolishing old homes for IBP. In the backdrop a poster carries Aruna's picture with the slogans, "Chief Minister for all, IBP for all" and "The land and the people goes forward with Aruna Ahmedi".
Production.
Filming started in May 2011 in Latur, Maharashtra. The first look was released on 5 April 2012. "Shanghai" premiered on 7 June 2012 at the IIFA awards in Singapore. The film was released in Bengali in a few locations.
Reception.
Critical reception.
Upon its release "Shanghai" received positive reviews from all top critics of India. Ramesh Babu R of idlebrain.com gave 4 out of 5 stars and said "Shanghai is an intense political thriller. Plus points of the film are realistic set-up, gripping screenplay, strong story telling coupled with right casting and performances." Madhureeta Mukherjee of ToI gave it 3.5 out 5 stars and said "Whether Shanghai is off-beat or mainstream is debatable, but if you thrive on rustic realistic cinema, however heavy-duty – this (Shanghai) is your pick". Janhavi Patel of FilmiTadka gave it 4 out of 5 stars and wrote in her review "Shanghai is brilliant, to say the least. This is a movie that commands your attention and is an honest film that hits you hard. Watch it for sure!"
Taran Adarsh of Bollywood Hungama rated the movie with 4 out of 5 stars: "On the whole, SHANGHAI is undeniably one of the most politically astute films ever made. It keeps you involved and concerned right from its inception to the harrowing culmination. This is not your usual Bollywood masala film, but a serious motion picture that has a voice, that makes you think, that makes a stunning impact. A must watch!". Mathures Paul of the "The Statesman" gave three and a half out of five stars and wrote "Dibakar Banerjee succeeds in cranking up the tension effortlessly..." Rajeev Masand of CNN-IBN gave it 3.5 stars out of 5 saying "'Shanghai' is consistently watchable... It’s a good film from one of Hindi cinema’s most exciting filmmakers, just not great."
Controversy.
The song "Bharat Mata Ki Jai" (Victory for Mother India) had irked a group called Bhagat Singh Kranti Sena, whose president Tajinder Pal Singh Bagga tweeted: “We are giving open warning to Shanghai Directer to remove Bharat Mata Ki Jai song from the movie. Otherwise movie will be banned... We strongly condemn the lines Bharat Mata ki jai Sone ki Chidiya, Dengu, Maleria gud hai, Gobar hai Bharat Mata Ki jai (sic).” The lines roughly translate to "The golden sparrow, (as well as) Dengue and malaria, We have the good as well as the shitty, hail Mother India."
Box office.
India.
"Shanghai" had a poor first day as it collected around 9–102.5 million nett on its first day. The film has just managed average collections at some high end multiplexes of metros during the first weekend, but the box office sales increased the subsequent week. "Shanghai" showed growth on Saturday of around 25%–30% as it collected in the 4-42.5 million nett region, but it needed much bigger growth as the starting level was so low. "Shanghai" collected around 7.25–75.0 million nett in two days which is not good. It fell flat on Sunday as collections could not grow as they did on Saturday; it grossed around 120 million nett over the weekend. The approximate breakdown on the weekend are 32.5 million nett on Friday, 42.5 million nett on Saturday and 45.0 million nett on Sunday. "Shanghai" had a low Monday as it collected around 17.5 million nett. The drop from Friday is less than 50% but collections are too low for a film released on nearly 1000 screens.
Overseas.
"Shanghai" was dull overseas grossing around $325,000. The film did not release in UK.
Special screening.
After a gap of 20 years, this was the first Hindi, rather Indian film to be screened in Baghdad. It was critically acclaimed there, exceeding gross expectations.
Soundtrack.
The album is composed by Vishal-Shekhar. It received positive responses. Musicperk.com rated it 8/10 quoting "That makes a Hat-Trick for V-S. Must Buy." The review by Music Aloud said "After that brilliant start to 2012, Vishal Shekhar continue their good form, spinning off another winner" and rated it 8/10. Lyrics are penned by Dibakar Banerjee, Neelesh Misra, Kumaar, Vishal Dadlani and Anvita Dutt.
Satellite rights.
The satellite rights of "Shanghai" have been sold for 8 crore and the music rights for Rs 2.75 crore. Also, 20% of theatrical rights have been sold for 40 million.

</doc>
<doc id="30957346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957346" title="Khalid Saeed Khan">
Khalid Saeed Khan

Khalid Saeed Khan, born March 5, 1954, is the Principal of the College of Physiotherapy in the Mayo Hospital at Lahore, Pakistan. He has made important contributions is the field of Physiotherapy. In his own words:
" Physiotherapy is essentially one of the healing sciences which pertains to the assessment of Musculo skeletal and Neurological disorders of function including pain and those of Psychosomatic origin. It also deals with treatment by natural sources, based on movement, manual therapy and other physical agents to relieve pain, promote healing, prevent or ameliorate deformity, improve function, body health, stimulate or habilitate development in a child or rehabilitate those impaired by disease or trauma."
Academic Life.
He got his B.Sc. Physiotherapy degree from JPMC Karachi, 1998. He also did a course of Sports Medicine by Dr. Thomas Freud Canada organized by Federation of International de Football Association held at Lahore in 1992. He was appointed as the Head of Physiotherapy Department Jinnah Hospital Lahore. He, later on became the Principal of Allama Iqbal College of Physiotherapy, Allama Iqbal Medical Complex, Lahore, (Pakistan). .
Honors.
He was initially appointment as Assistant Physiotherapist in 1980. Later, in 1986, he became a Lecture Physiotherapist. He was later on promoted to a rank of BS. 19 on December 1, 1999.
Articles.
He has written various articles related to Physiotherapy. Major of them are:
Social Services.
He attended the Annual international conference of Indian Association of Physiotherapist held in March 1984 at King George Medical College, Lukhnow. U P India. He Organized first Physiotherapy Congress under the flag Punjab Health Department Physiotherapists association in December 1984. He also attended the Conference for torture victim Patients at Lahore in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="30957358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957358" title="Achille Serra (architect)">
Achille Serra (architect)

Achille Serra was a Bolognese architect who was involved in rebuilding the Basilica di San Marino in the early 19th century.

</doc>
<doc id="30957384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957384" title="Skoda houfnice vz 14">
Skoda houfnice vz 14

The Skoda houfnice vz 14 ("Howitzer model 1914") and Skoda houfnice vz 14/19 (Howitzer model 1914/1919) were 100mm [3.93-inch] mountain howitzers made in Czechoslovakia by the famed Skoda works. 
Skoda houfnice vz 14.
The "Skoda houfnice vz 14" was created in 1914. It was used by the Imperial Austro-Hungarian Army during World War One. Large numbers were acquired by Italy after the break-up of the Austro-Hungarian Empire.
Skoda houfnice vz 14/19.
An improved version created in 1919 after the war. It was sold to many nations before 1938, including Greece, Hungary, Poland, and Yugoslavia. Some versions had rubber tires so they could be pulled by trucks but most retained wooden spoked-wheels so they could be pulled by mule teams.
Germany captured a lot of them when they conquered Czechoslovakia and Poland and seized some while fighting in Italy, Yugoslavia, Hungary, and Greece. They were relegated to second-line service and incorporated into defensive lines and fortifications after 1942. 

</doc>
<doc id="30957393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957393" title="Manik Rai">
Manik Rai

Manik Rai, was lord of Ajmer and Sambhar, in the year S. 741, or AD 685. Prithviraj Chauhan was the descendant of Manika Rae. Manika Rai, whom we may consider as the of the Chauhans of the north, recovered Ajmer. He had a numerous progeny, who established many petty dynasties throughout Western Rajwara, giving birth to various tribes, which are spread even to the Indus. The Khichi, the Hara, the Mohil, the Nirbana, Bhadauria, the Bhaurechahe Dhanetiya, Hill Chauhans and the Baghrecha, are all descended from him.

</doc>
<doc id="30957396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957396" title="Impressions (Mal Waldron album)">
Impressions (Mal Waldron album)

Impressions is an album by American jazz pianist Mal Waldron, recorded in 1959 and released on the New Jazz label.
Reception.
A contemporaneous review by the "New Pittsburgh Courier" stated that it was Waldron's "best trio offering to date" and "definitely of five-star calibre"
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4 stars, stating "Waldron's brooding Monk-influenced style is heard in its early prime on this excellent release". 

</doc>
<doc id="30957411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957411" title="Cikampek-Palimanan toll road">
Cikampek-Palimanan toll road

Cikampek-Palimanan Toll Road is a toll road that connects the existing Jakarta-Cikampek Toll Road and Palimanan-Kanci Toll Road and is part of the Trans-Java Toll Road. The total length of the Trans Java Toll Road is 653 kilometers. The toll road is 40 kilometers shorter than through traditional North Coastal Main Road and predicted will cut 1.5 to 2 hours length of time.
The project.
The project is estimated at Rp12.562 trillion ($1.4 billion) and is owned by a Joint venture company PT Lintas Marga Sedaya with portion 55 percent is owned by Plus Expressways Berhad and 45 percent is owned by PT Bhaskara Utama for 35 years concession.
In July 2012, 95 percent of land acquisition has been done and bank loan commitment of Rp9 trillion has been got, but the loan only can be withdrawn after 100 percent of land acquisition has been finished. Inline with already finished of all land acquisitions, in September 2012, twenty two banks agreed to initial disburse the fund of the project. At end of January 2014, 15 percent physical project has been finished and predicted the toll road will be operated at end of 2014 or early 2015.
Sections.
Cikampek-Palimanan Toll Road will be 116 kilometers in length and consist of 6 sections:
Interchange.
Cikampek-Palimanan Toll Road has 7 interchanges:

</doc>
<doc id="30957417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957417" title="Gene Lambert">
Gene Lambert

Eugene Marion Lambert (April 26, 1921 – February 10, 2000) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball. He played for the Philadelphia Phillies. He served in the military during World War II from 1943 to 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="30957460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957460" title="Khan Zaman Khan Ali Asghar">
Khan Zaman Khan Ali Asghar

Ali Asghar (died ca 1155 AH / 1743 AD) was one of the prominent Emir and nobleman during the Mughal empire. He was entitled 'Khan Zaman Khan Bahadur' by Emperor Farrukhsiyar. He remained in many important posts during the successive rules of Bahadur Shah I, Jahandar Shah, Farrukhsiyar, Rafi ud Darajat, Shah Jahan II and Muhammad Shah.
The fort at Ferozepur Jhirka was built by him. He died in Shahjahanbad (Delhi) on 4 Dhu al-Hijjah 1155 AH/30 January 1743 at the age of 70 years.
Biography.
Ali Asghar was the son of Kartalab Khan Bahadur Shahi Qazi Ghulam Mustafa and Bibi Rasti, the daughter of Qazi Syed Rafi Mohammad. He was Mansabdar Punj Hazari (5,000) Emir.
His forefathers were settled in Ferozepur Jhirka for a long time and made a big estate (riyasat) in that town. 
His grandfather Dewan Shaikh Asaf and great grandfather Dewan Maskeen raised both name and fame. They were chief revenue officers of the province Mewat and were entitled Dewan by Mughals. 
In Shahnama Munawwar, he was mentioned as a “Mewati Ansari Khanzada” as he was the son of ‘Nawab Kartalab Khan’, hence ‘Khanzada’ and belonged to the family ‘Ansar’ of Medina, hence ‘Ansari’.
Nawab Khan Zaman Khan Bahadur handed over the keys of the Red Fort along with some treasures to Bahadur Shah I on 1 Rabi' al-awwal, when emperor was staying near Delhi
Nawab Khan Zaman Khan Bahadur along with some other nobles like Muhammad Khan Bangash, Mir Musharraf and Chabila Ram Nagar came with the treasure to join prince Izzuddin (Prince Azzu-ud-Din/Izz-ud-Din Bahadur) son of Jahandar Shah
In the book, 'Muraqqa'e Dehli' or 'The Delhi Album' or 'The Delhi during Muhammad Shah', a great detail of Nawab Khan Zaman Khan Bahadur's life and works are mentioned
Marriage and children.
He was first married to the sister of Islam Khan V also the daughter of Abdul Khaliq, son of Barkhurdar Khan I. His second wife was Shah Bibi, daughter of Qazi Syed Asadullah of Rewari and maternal granddaughter of Abdul Hadi, son of Qazi Ibrahim of Tijara.

</doc>
<doc id="30957475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957475" title="Russell Berrie Nanotechnology Institute">
Russell Berrie Nanotechnology Institute

The Russell Berrie Nanotechnology Institute (RBNI) was established in January 2005 as a joint endeavour of the Russell Berrie Foundation, the government of Israel and the Technion - Israel Institute of Technology. It is one of the largest academic programs in Israel and is among the largest nanotechnology centers in Europe and the US.
Prof. Yeshayahu ("Ishi") Talmon of the Technion Faculty of Chemical Engineering is the Director of RBNI since 2010, when he took over from Prof. Uri Sivan. 
RBNI has over 110 faculty members and approximately 300 graduate students and postdoctoral fellows under its auspices at Technion. Its multidisciplinary activities span 14 different faculties.
Research Areas.
The key research areas are the various fields of nanoscience and nanotechnology: Nanoelectronics, Nanooptics, Nanomaterials, Nanomechanics, Nanomedicine.
Facilities.
Special centers and cooperative facilities.
The institute contains the Sara and Moshe Zisapel Nanoelectronics Center, equipped with state-of-the-art clean rooms and individual labs. It complements the Wolfson Microelectronics Centre with approximately 700 m2 of clean rooms. .
In cooperation with the Technion Lorry I. Lokey Center for Life Science and Engineering, RBNI has invested in equipment facilitating advanced mechanical characterization and manipulation of tissue and tissue scaffolds, and bio-rheology.
Special instrumentation.
The institute has a top-of-the-line Transmission Electron Microscope (TEM) (0.07 nm resolution), an additional TEM, Environmental Scanning Electron Microscope (ESEM) and advanced facilities for sample preparation including the Dual Focused Ion Beam. There is now also a new cryo TEM and a new high resolution cryo SEM. A UHV Scanning Tunneling Microscope (STM), Near Field Scanning Optical Microscope (NSOM), and Time of Flight Secondary Ion Mass Spectrometry (TOFSIMS) are now also available. 
Colloidal and molecular characterization equipment has been grouped under one roof and supplemented with small angle X-ray scattering and X-ray diffraction capabilities, as well as spectroscopy capabilities in solution. 
A cluster supercomputer has been installed facilitating parallel computation, and services researchers from several faculties.
Graduate program.
The 'Norman Seiden Multidisciplinary Graduate Program in Nanoscience and Nanotechnology was launched in October 2005 and expanded in October 2006 to include a PhD program.
The science involving nanometric systems and the technology derived from them involves the convergence of know-how from numerous fields. The Program offers a core curriculum exposing students to the varied fields of nano science and endows them with the necessary knowledge in the life sciences (Biology and Medicine), the exact sciences (Chemistry and Physics), and engineering (Electrical, Materials, Chemical, Mechanical, Biomedical, Biotechnology and more).
The students are exposed to a broad curriculum covering topics from life sciences, physical sciences, and engineering and the individual curriculum reflects the student’s individual background. The broad education requires five semesters for MSc compared with the usual four, with the first two semesters mostly devoted to filling gaps in the required background. In 2010, RBNI added its international graduate program in nano science and technology.
Winter schools.
RBNI winter schools in Nanoscience and Nanotechnology attract participants from around the world. Following the success of the 2008 winter school, the second winter school was held in February 2010 in Ein Gedi near the Dead Sea. Both were organized by a dedicated committee of 15 lecturers, and approximately 140 graduate students from Technion and other Israeli academic institutions.
Ties with industry.
Strengthening contacts with Israeli industry is a stated RBNI priority. Dozens of meetings with firms have taken place over the past 5 years, including open days with companies such as Intel, IBM, Elbit, Israel Aircraft Industry (IAI), Applied Materials, and more. 
The investment in capital equipment at the institute has served approximately 120 research groups from industry that used this equipment over the past 5 years. Approximately 110 cooperative projects with industry were launched via programs such as Magneton, Nofar, participation in MAGNET consortia, participation in defense projects and more. RBNI has filed more than 104 patent applications.
Outreach.
In cooperation with the Technion Youth Activity section, the institute initiated a nano education program for junior and high-school students in Israel. As part of this program an “Introduction to Nano” lecture was developed and introduced to youth from different schools in Israel visiting the Technion Youth activity section. An additional lecture was developed in 2008 on routes to new, denser information storage strategies.
The "nano bible" created at the Russell Berrie Nanotechnology Institute was originally produced to demonstrate the current miniaturization capabilities as part of the effort to attract high school students to science and technology. It was later given by Israel President Shimon Peres to Pope Benedict XVI, on his visit to Jerusalem. RBNI is one of the first Israeli research institutes to create an active presence in the social media, on Facebook and Twitter.

</doc>
<doc id="30957482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957482" title="Bluff City Reign">
Bluff City Reign

The Bluff City Reign is an expansion franchise of the American Basketball Association based in Memphis, Tennessee which will begin play in the 2011-12 season.
The Reign will be the second ABA team to be based in Memphis; the first since the Memphis Houn'Dawgs played only the ABA's inaugural 2000-01 season before disbanding.

</doc>
<doc id="30957492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957492" title="Ang mga Kaibigan ni Mama Susan">
Ang mga Kaibigan ni Mama Susan

Ang mga Kaibigan ni Mama Susan ("Mama Susan's Friends") is a 2010 mystery novel by Filipino writer Bob Ong published in 2010 by Visprint Inc. It is Ong's eighth book, and his first attempt in the horror/suspense genre.
The story revolves around Gilberto P. Manansala (Galo), a college student in an unnamed university in Manila, and his journal entries that he writes for one of his college instructors. In the entries he describes how his everyday situations turn into scary situations, how he uncovers various mysteries and horrors, and how he gets deeply involved in these mysteries and horrors and, in the end, cannot escape them.
Some reviews of the book say that the pace is monotonous; however, it does pick up in the end and cryptic Latin messages embedded in Galo's journal entries add a sense of mystery to the story.
→" O rex ac regina mundi potentissimi, qui nos vi infinita regitis, vos qui matri nostrae potestatem potentiamque quibus corda mentes animas nostrum regamus attribuistis, auxilium vestrum, di magni atque immortales, precamur. Arcete inimicos fidei nostrae nobis. Protegite domus nostras, fundos nostros, pagum nostrum a mutandi evertendique viribus." Some of Mama susan's ritual prayer.
It has become a best seller, ranking first at most book stores in the Philippines.
Characters.
Most characters in Galo's journal are people he encounters every day, and some are not described other than having their name mentioned. It can be concluded that these people, of whom little is known, are the people that Galo cannot understand very well, and that his thoughts stray away from them because of personal issues.
Galo: The journal's owner. The story is told from his point of view. He is a student at an unidentified college in Manila, living an ordinary life under the care of his aunt. He has lived with this family since high school and he says that he is thankful for everything that his aunt's family has provided him. At sixteen he is young for a college student, and mentions that he started school at a very young age. Little is known about his appearance, except that he wears glasses and has a short haircut which causes him to be teased as a military cadet. He can be described as a typical male college student from his first journal entries, despite family matters. It can also be concluded that he is intelligent because, in his journal, he states that even though he spaces out in class while writing in his journal, he still manages to recite and get the correct answer. He also gets an offer from an instructor to write in a publication. It is hinted that he can play the guitar.
Tiya Auring(Aunt Auring): Galo's primary guardian and the sister of Galo's mom. She has four children and is aloof and stern, according to Galo's description. He says that he tries not to get involved with his aunt as long as he can get away with it. She is bossy and loud.
Tiyo Dindo(Uncle Dindo): Auring's husband and Galo's uncle, who secretly helps Galo in paying his tuition without the knowledge of Galo's aunt Tiya Auring.
Aling Delia: The second-hand of Mama Susan.
Mama Susan: Galo's grandmother and the leader of a religious group in their province. She is sick when Galo returns to her home and she dies near the end of the story.

</doc>
<doc id="30957504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957504" title="Municipalities of Vietnam">
Municipalities of Vietnam

Municipalities are the highest-ranked cities in Vietnam. They are centrally controlled municipalities as province level.
Three levels of cities in Vietnam:
Subdivisions.
The municipalities are divided into urban districts and rural districts or district-level towns. In turns, urban districts are divided into wards, and rural districts are divided into communes and commune-level towns (thị trấn).
See also.
Provinces of Vietnam

</doc>
<doc id="30957541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957541" title="FSQ">
FSQ

FSQ may refer to 
A number of computers manufactured by IBM:
It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30957544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957544" title="Gary Albright Memorial Show">
Gary Albright Memorial Show

The Gary Albright Benefit Memorial Show was a professional wrestling event produced by World Xtreme Wrestling (WXW) promotion which took place on April 19, 2000, at the Agricultural Hall in Allentown, Pennsylvania. It was held in memory of wrestler Gary Albright, the son-in-law of promoter Afa Anoa'i and a mainstay of All Japan Pro Wrestling, who suffered a fatal heart attack at a WXW show in Hazleton, Pennsylvania three months earlier. Twelve professional wrestling matches were featured on the event's card, with two including championships.
The show featured wrestlers from both All-Japan Pro Wrestling and the World Wrestling Federation, as well as members of the Anoa'i family including Afa, Jr. and Lloyd Anoa'i, Samula Anoa'i and Jimmy Snuka. Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson, another relative, made a special afternoon appearance at the Wild Samoan Training Center to make a pre-recorded message aired at the start of the event; this was followed by a live appearance by WWF Hall of Famer Bob Backlund later on in the show. Although a number of major stars were scheduled to be on the card, including Gangrel and Luna Vachon, Cactus Jack, Sabu and "Dr. Death" Steve Williams, many were unable to attend at the last minute. Others, most notably Rob Van Dam, were on hand for autograph signings.
The main event was a standard wrestling match between WWF wrestlers, Rikishi Phatu, and the challenger, The Road Dogg, which was followed by an impromptu four-way match with Too Cold Scorpio and Chris Jericho. Another featured match was Chris Jericho versus Eddie Guerrero, in a non-title match for the WWF European Championship, which Jericho won. The Headbangers (Mosh and Thrasher) beat Kai En Tai (Sho Funaki and Taka Michinoku), and Maunakea Mossman, who was accompanied by Nicole Bass, defeated Johnny Smith. This was the first-ever match that Mossman had wrestled in the United States.
Show results.
April 19, 2000 in Allentown, Pennsylvania (Agricultural Hall)

</doc>
<doc id="30957558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957558" title="Tai Wesley">
Tai Wesley

Tai William Evans Wesley (born May 13, 1986) is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for the Southland Sharks of the New Zealand NBL. He played college basketball at Utah State University where he was named the Western Athletic Conference Player of the Year in 2011. Wesley is the younger brother of Mekeli Wesley, who in 2001 was named the Mountain West Conference Player of the Year. Wesley also plays for the Guam national team.
High school career.
Wesley attended Provo High School in Provo, Utah. As a senior in 2003–04, he averaged 16.7 points, eight rebounds, four assists, two blocks and one steal per game. He was named tournament MVP after he led Provo to the state title while averaging 19.3 points in four games. He was later named Mr. Basketball in the state of Utah by the "Deseret News" and the 4A Most Valuable Player by the "Salt Lake Tribune".
College career.
After redshirting the 2004–05 season, Wesley did not join the Utah State Aggies until 2007–08 after he went on a two-year Mormon mission to Oaxaca, Mexico. In his freshman season, he shot 63.5% from the field, ranking sixth all-time at Utah State for a single-season. He also scored in double-figures 18 times, including three 20-point games. In 35 games (24 starts), he averaged 9.9 points, 4.5 rebounds and 2.1 assists per game.
In his sophomore season, he was named to the WAC's all-tournament team and earned NABC All-District 6 second team honors. In 35 games (all starts), he averaged 12.0 points, 6.0 rebounds and 2.7 assists and 1.1 steals per game.
In his junior season, he was named to the WAC's all-tournament team for the second-straight year and earned All-WAC first team and NABC All-District 6 second team honors. In 35 games (all starts), he averaged 13.7 points, 6.6 rebounds, 3.3 assists and 1.3 blocks in 27.5 minutes per game.
In his senior season, he earned All-WAC first team honors for the second-straight year. In 34 games, he averaged 14.8 points, 8.0 rebounds, 2.1 assists and 1.1 blocks in 29.2 minutes per game. In the 2011 WAC Men's Basketball Tournament semi-final, Wesley scored two free throws in the final seconds to defeat San Jose State 58-54.
Professional career.
2011–12 season.
On June 15, 2011, Wesley signed a one-year deal with EiffelTowers Den Bosch of the Netherlands. On June 16, 2011, he attended a pre-draft workout with the Minnesota Timberwolves. In 2011–12, he played 41 games for Den Bosch, averaging 13.4 points 6.1 rebounds, 2.4 assists, 1.7 steals and 1.0 blocks per game.
2012–13 season.
In July 2012, Wesley signed a one-year deal with SPO Rouen Basket of France.
2013–14 season.
In August 2013, Wesley signed a one-year deal with SPM Shoeters Den Bosch, returning to the club for a second stint. In April 2014, he was named to the 2014 All-DBL Team.
On June 5, 2014, he signed with the Southland Sharks for the rest of the 2014 New Zealand NBL season.
International career.
Wesley plays for the Guam national basketball team.
Personal.
Wesley is the son of Hiagi and Susan Wesley, and is one of seven children. His father is Fijian. He is the younger brother of former Brigham Young standout Mekeli Wesley, Utah Valley State graduate Russell Wesley, and 2003 all-state selection Tika Wesley.

</doc>
<doc id="30957563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957563" title="Nashville Soul">
Nashville Soul

The Nashville Soul was a franchise of the American Basketball Association based in Nashville, Tennessee which began play in the 2011-12 season. Financial difficulties forced the team to suspend operations in December 2011 while new ownership was found. Despite promising to resume games immediately, new ownership failed to play any games in the 2011-12 season.
The Soul is the fourth ABA team to be based in Nashville, following the defunct Nashville Rhythm, Nashville Broncs, and Music City Stars. 

</doc>
<doc id="30957564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957564" title="The Quest (album)">
The Quest (album)

The Quest is an album by American jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in 1961 and released on the New Jazz label. Some reissues of the album appear under Eric Dolphy's name.
Reception.
The allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4 stars stating "the complex music (which falls between hard bop and the avant-garde) is successfully interpreted. Worth checking out". Dan Warburton, writing for allmusic, describes the album as "an outstandingly original (and unjustly neglected) sextet date…."

</doc>
<doc id="30957568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957568" title="Steve (film)">
Steve (film)

Steve is a 2010 short film written and directed by Rupert Friend, and starring Keira Knightley, Tom Mison and Colin Firth. It screened at the 2010 BFI London Film Festival.
The film was released theatrically as a section of the compilation film "Stars in Shorts" in 2012.
Plot.
A young couple receive visits from their downstairs neighbor that become increasingly frequent and unpredictable.

</doc>
<doc id="30957594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957594" title="Transitional Housing Participant Misconduct Act">
Transitional Housing Participant Misconduct Act

Transitional Housing Participant Misconduct Act (THPMA) is the all type of programs those are designed to assist homeless people to live independently in permanent housing. THPMA has its components as meeting requirements from 30 days to 24 months. It shall provide comprehensive social service programs. Also it provides temporary housing with structured setting and rules participants need to comply with to remain in program.
There are Transitional Housing Program Operator (THP Operator) who are the government agencies or private nonprofit receiving of portions out of this program' funds. THP operator is allowed to file an abuse of misconduct of the program. Abuse is attacking,striking,battering, or sexually assaulting another program participant. Any abuse to the program employee or a neighbor of the program site are counted as an abuse, as well. Court order can be got by THP operator to follow the procedure as in "Temporary Restraining Orders" or "permanent orders".
The Transitional Housing Participant Misconduct Act (THPMA) gives the right to THP to circumvent the lengthier unlawful detainer process to legally remove a participant from a transitional housing program. Transitional housing operator is allowed to file restraining order which requires to stop the abuse or forbidding the misconduct. If the resident violates permanent injunction, operator can change the file to a removing the resident from the program.
Transitional housing programs has its own supportive services However, these services are used in negative ways by either tenants or residents. This act limits some of these protections where it allows for a less than full judicial review in order to terminate or getting an order in a transitional housing program. The act preserves certain rights of appeal (California Health and Safety Code §50580)

</doc>
<doc id="30957602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957602" title="The Gangster Chronicles">
The Gangster Chronicles

The Gangster Chronicles is an NBC American television crime drama mini series starring Michael Nouri, Joe Penny, Jon Polito, Louis Giambalvo and narrated by E.G. Marshall.
Overview.
A historically-based crime drama about the lives of gangsters Bugsy Siegel, Lucky Luciano and Al Capone.
There were 13 60-minute episodes. The series was narrated by E. G. Marshall.

</doc>
<doc id="30957603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957603" title="Marlene Norst">
Marlene Norst

Marlene Johanna Norst (24 March 1930 in Vienna – 20 December 2010 in Sydney) was an Australian linguist, pedagogue and philanthropist of Austrian heritage. Main areas of work: German language and literature studies, linguistics, language pedagogy, English as a second language, socio-linguistics, children’s literature.
Early life.
She was the daughter of the lawyer Dr. Anton Heinrich Norst (30 December 1900 in Czernowitz – 8 September 1974 in Sydney) and the English language scholar Dr. Mary Norst, née Widrich (6 August 1900 in Vienna – 22 September 1967 in Sydney), and grandchild of the author and journalist Dr. Anton Norst (30 April 1859 in Załuże near Zbarazh (formerly Galicia, Austria-Hungary) – 11 April 1939 in Vienna), who was a brother of Eugenie Schwarzwald.
Following the Anschluss (the annexation of Austria by Germany) in March 1938 the Norst family fled Austria because of the threat of persecution by the Nazi regime. After a short stay from 22 May to 22 June 1938 with Anton’s sister, Else Rubinowicz (1892-1969), wife of the physicist Wojciech Rubinowicz, in Lwów/Poland the Norsts moved on to Denmark, where they stayed for a few months on the island of Thurø with the author Karin Michaëlis, a friend of Eugenie Schwarzwald. There they met Bertolt Brecht and his second wife, Helene Weigel. After that they travelled on to Canada and finally settled in Australia. Marlene’s father was employed in a cannery in Leeton as food technologist and tasked with establishing a laboratory.
In Leeton Marlene went to a Catholic primary school and then became a boarder at Mt. Erin Presentation Convent in Wagga Wagga.
After secondary school she studied German and Linguistics at Sydney University and later at Newcastle University.
Teaching career.
After teaching 1952-1956 at Naremburn Boys’ School, Riverside Girls’ School (both in Sydney) and at Kempsey High School, a co-educational country school, she left for London where she taught for two years at Walworth Comprehensive School. During this period in Europe she spent about three months in Vienna and gained her “Universitätssprachprüfung” (university language exam) at Vienna University. One of her students in Kempsey (New South Wales) was the Aborigine Harry Penrith, later known as Burnum Burnum.
From 1957 – 1967 Marlene taught at the German department of Newcastle University. She received her PhD from Newcastle University on 17 March 1972. The title of her PhD thesis was: "Julius Duboc and Robert Waldmüller. An Enquiry into some Aspects of the Literary Biographical Genre".
In 1964 she was the recipient of a German government grant and studied German Biedermeier literature at the University of Heidelberg.
From 1968-1986 Marlene lectured in German, Linguistics and Children’s literature at Macquarie University, in the Department of Modern Languages, serving as Associate Professor in German for 10 years.
In 1974 she worked for a year in the Linguistics Department at the University of Edinburgh, doing research on the perception of intonation patterns by native and non-native speakers, using synthesised and natural speech.
In 1978 she was attached to the Linguistics Department of Vienna University and worked on language planning in multi-lingual societies. Main areas of work: German language and literature studies, linguistics, language pedagogy, English as a second language, socio-linguistics, children’s literature.
Marlene participated in numerous linguistic conferences (e.g. 1982 in Mexico and the Netherlands) and gave lectures at universities in London, Vienna, Hamburg and Oldenburg.
In 1986 Marlene received a grant from the Austrian government to study the migration patterns of Austrian remigrants from Australia (migrants who had decided to return to Austria). This work as well as extensive research in Australia, including many interviews with Austrian migrants in Australia and Austria formed the basis of the book "Austrians and Australia" (with Johanna McBride) which was published in 1988.
Freelance work.
In 1986 she resigned from Macquarie University and established herself as a freelance writer, multicultural consultant and teacher.
In the Vienna Natural History Museum she discovered the drawings of the Austrian botanic artist Ferdinand Lucas Bauer (1760-1826), who had documented Australian flora and fauna when he was engaged to accompany Matthew Flinders on the first circumnavigation of the Australian continent. At the invitation of the British Museum which holds his corresponding colour drawings, she wrote a book about Ferdinand Lucas Bauer in which she brought together the pencil and colour drawings.
In 1989 Marlene embarked on an oral history project entitled "Family Reflections", where she supported families in documenting and writing their stories and history. She was a close friend of the Aboriginal activist, Burnum Burnum (1936-1997) and on his request wrote his biography "Burnum Burnum: A Warrior for Peace".
She taught English language and literacy to international students, migrants as well as street kids and ex-prisoners at institutions including Sydney Skill Share, Wesley Skill Share and Street Smart, as well as Sydney TAFE and Nature Care.
In 1991 she was awarded the University of Newcastle Convocation Medal for “Outstanding Professional Merit” and 1995 the “Ehrenkreuz für Literatur und Wissenschaft der Republik Österreich” (The Cross of Honour for Literature and Science of the Republic of Austria)
In recent years Marlene translated a number of German plays into English – including works by Igor Bauersima, Falk Richter, Lukas Bärfuss, Roland Schimmelpfennig, Reto Finger, Margareth Obexer, Agnes Gerstenberg. Many of these translations have had public performances. The play Before / After (Vorher / Nachher) was performed by Sydney Theatre Company in February 2011, less than two months after her death.
Personal life.
As an enthusiastic chorister Marlene was a member of Sydney Philharmonia Choir and of SUMS (the Sydney University Musical Society) for many years and took part in many performances and concert tours in Australia and overseas.
Bibliography.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="30957615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957615" title="Kalamunda Community Radio">
Kalamunda Community Radio

Kalamunda Community Radio 102.5FM is a not for profit Community Radio Station based in Perth, Western Australia.
KCR 102.5FM includes jazz, blues, country/western, hip hop, classical, gospel, folk, techno, popular
easy listening, indigenous, contemporary and classic rock broadcasting 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Some Notable Station Programmes include Breakfast Variety - (Sunrise) and Afternoon Drive - (Traffic Jam)

</doc>
<doc id="30957619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957619" title="Lukovek">
Lukovek

Lukovek is a village in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia statistical region.
The local church is dedicated to Saint George and belongs to the Parish of Trebnje. It was first mentioned in written documents dating to 1498.

</doc>
<doc id="30957636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957636" title="Lycastrirhyncha">
Lycastrirhyncha

Lycastrirhyncha is a genus of 5 neotropical flower flies or hoverflies.

</doc>
<doc id="30957637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957637" title="Hawaii Independence Party">
Hawaii Independence Party

The Hawaii Independence Party is a political party branch of the Nation of Hawaiʻi organization. The Hawaii Independence Party is one of the few remaining separatist political parties from a surge of small pro-independence parties at the end of the 20th century from the Hawaiian sovereignty movement. According to their party platform they support modern economics such as making Hawaii a banking and trade center for the Pacific Rim. They also acknowledge the necessity of more efficiencies for an acceptable lifestyle if Hawaii were to be self–reliant.
References.
Project Vote Smart: Political Resources-Hawaii [http://www.votesmart.org/resource_political_resources_state.php?state_id=HI]
Official website [http://hawaii-nation.org/]

</doc>
<doc id="30957644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957644" title="Vendetta (Star Trek)">
Vendetta (Star Trek)

Vendetta is a "" tie-in novel written by Peter David and published by Pocket Books in 1991. The book was a "New York Times" best-seller, peaking at #4 on the Paperback Best Sellers list in late April 1991.
The novel was subject to a dispute between Peter David and Richard Arnold, who wished the Borg character Rhiannon to be removed, with the logic that Borg could not be female. This was prior to a regular female Borg character, Seven of Nine, appearing in "". Because of this, the novel was printed with a disclaimer making it explicitly apocryphal.
The plot centers around the actions of a woman named Delcara from a race which has been assimilated by the Borg, who has gone to extreme lengths to exact her revenge upon them. Delcara controls a Planet Killer, later revealed to be the finished version of the one fought by the USS "Enterprise" during the events of "" episode of the original "". This Planet Killer is also 'inhabited' by the psychic impressions of its creators which exist as part of the Planet Killer's control system. Both Delcara and the 'ghosts' within the Planet Killer share a hatred of the Borg, and both Planet Killers are claimed to have come from just outside the galactic barrier surrounding our own galaxy. The Borg, having assimilated a Ferengi ship along the way, invade the Planet Killer, and force Delcara to attempt to reach Warp 10, then assumed unbreakable in Star Trek canon (later disproven in "Voyager", though with grave consequences if the proper protection isn't in place), in order to reach the heart of Borg space to exact her revenge before she dies from severe phaser wounds.
Sequel.
Peter David wrote a sequel, "Before Dishonor", published in 2007 by Pocket Books (ISBN 978-1416527428). Kathryn Janeway and Seven of Nine feature strongly in this book along with Spock and "The Next Generation" crew, facing a new threat from the Borg.

</doc>
<doc id="30957648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957648" title="Faculty of Economics, Ljubljana">
Faculty of Economics, Ljubljana

The Faculty of Economics (FE) () in Ljubljana is part of the University of Ljubljana and was founded in 1946. It was one of the first faculties in country to establish new internationally comparable Bologna 3+2 programmes in 2005. In 2006 the FE was awarded EQUIS accreditation. In 2010 FE received business accreditation from AACSB International.
Full-time programmes in English.
The FELU offers various undergraduate and graduate programmes in business and economics in Slovenian and English. This enables foreigners to study in Slovenia in English language and at the same time gives opportunity to Slovenian students to study in the international environment.
Executive education.
These programmes are delivered at the Faculty of Economics in Ljubljana.
Open courses.
Open development programmes target general needs and address issues facing organisations,
as assessed from clients' needs and suggestions. Each programme is headed by a Programme
Director and is run jointly with other faculty.
The open course portfolio includes the following areas of specialisation:
Company Customised programmes.
Programmes are provided for individual organisations. An additional programme, titled “Business Academy”, is designed as a management development tool for top executives, middle managers or aspiring young managers.
Research.
Researchers and activities are organised within the Research Centre at the FELU and 15 applied research institutes. Research at the FELU is focused on obtaining knowledge that helps develop specific abilities and competencies in participants.
The FELU’s researchers regularly participate at scientific and professional conferences, produce monographs and publish in international scientific and professional journals such as the Journal of Business Finance & Accounting, the Academy of Management Review and the Interactive Learning Environments.

</doc>
<doc id="30957668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957668" title="List of bus routes in Taichung">
List of bus routes in Taichung

The bus routes in Taichung includes city bus lines belonging to Transportation Bureau, Taichung City Government and highway bus lines belonging to Directorate General of Highways, MOTC. All of the routes are charged according to the mileages. Taichung City Bus is managed by Transportation Bureau, Taichung City Government, and operated by 12 companies.
City Bus Line.
Numbers in red are the routes passing by Taichung Station (Taichung Railway Station). Numbers in pink are the routes running mainly in central Taichung but not passing by Taichung Station. Numbers in green are the routes running mainly out of central Taichung. Numbers of runs here are counted in one direction of each route. Luchan East Station, Luchan West Station, Renyou East Station, Renyou North Station, Gancheng, and Geya Station are closed to Taichung Station.
Central Taichung, as called Tun District (屯區) by local people, refers to a whole area including the districts of Central 400, East 401, South 402, West 403, North 404, Beitun 406, Xitun 407, Nantun 408, Taiping 411, Dali 412, Wufeng 413, and Wuri 414.
Operators.
The 12 operators of Taichung City Bus are Taichung Bus (台中客運), Fengyuan Bus (豐原客運), Ubus (統聯客運), Renyou Bus (仁友客運), Chuan Hang Bus (全航客運), Geya Bus (巨業交通), Southeast Bus (東南客運), Chang Hua Bus (彰化客運), Green Transit (豐榮客運), Ho Hsin Bus (和欣客運), Central Taiwan Bus (中臺灣客運), and Miaoli Bus (苗栗客運).
Highway Bus Line.
From 1 June 2009, freeway bus lines and highway bus lines use four digit numbers, and they are all managed by Directorate General of Highways, MOTC. The “Original No.” in the below table indicates the No. before then.

</doc>
<doc id="30957671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957671" title="Khoro clan">
Khoro clan

Khoro () is a clan of Yaduvanshi Ahirs of Haryana. Rewari was once under Khoro Ahir rulers.

</doc>
<doc id="30957672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957672" title="Alpha Natural Resources">
Alpha Natural Resources

Alpha Natural Resources is a large American producer of metallurgical and thermal coal. It also provides services relating to equipment repairs, road construction and logistics (terminals). It doesn't produce all of the coal it sells, some is purchased and resold. Alpha operates in Virginia, West Virginia, Kentucky, Wyoming, Utah, Illinois, Tennessee, and Pennsylvania. Clients include electricity producers and steel manufacturers (metallurgical coal is used industrially while thermal is the form of coal used to generate power). The 2009 takeover of Foundation Coal also gave it the Cumberland Mine Railroad to transport coal in Pennsylvania.
On January 31, 2011 Alpha Natural Resources acquired coal producer Massey Energy for US$7.1 billion (to be completed mid year) creating the second biggest coal miner by market capitalization. The merged company (54% owned by Alpha Natural Resources) will be the leading producer of metallurgical coal in the US and also have the second largest reserves of coal (5.1 billion tons). Merging operations with Massey is estimated to reduce combined operating costs by $150 million. 7,000 of the 14,000 employees are in West Virginia. In 2010 demand for thermal coal rose while metallurgical coal demand was flat (made up only 14% of coal sales down from 17% in 2009).
Alpha Natural Resources settled Massey's Upper Big Branch Mine disaster liabilities with the U.S. Attorney for $209 million on December 6, 2011. The settlement included $41.5 million to the survivors and families of the deceased. The Mine Safety and Health Administration additionally assessed a $10.8 million fine for 369 citations and orders, the largest fine for a mine accident in U.S. history.
In 2014, Alpha Natural Resources settled on a $27.5 million fine and $200 million to reduce illegal toxic discharges into hundreds of waterways across five Appalachian states. According to the EPA it was the largest environmental fine ever made against a coal company, "This is the largest one, period. It's the biggest case for permit violations for numbers of violations and size of the penalty, which reflects the seriousness of violations."
History.
The company as it exists today is the result of two mergers, one in July 2009 (Foundation Coal and Alpha Natural Resources, Inc.) and another January 31, 2011 (US$7.1 billion acquisition of Massey Energy). The takeover of Foundation Coal was a reverse takeover in that Foundation Coal was the company left standing and it was immediately renamed Alpha Natural Resources. Foundation Coal added 7.5 million tons of annual coal shipments to its Eastern Coal operations and expanded the company's presence in Wyoming. Although acquisitions helped Alpha expand rapidly since its founding in 2002, it burdened it with lots of debt ($185.6 million in 2004, $754.15 Dec. 31, 2010). Massey Energy became a takeover target after suffering large income losses and negative publicity following an explosion at West Virginia's Upper Big Branch mine that killed 29 employees (direct costs related to the incident amounted to $128.9 million). Federal regulators and the Mine Safety and Health Administration blamed the explosion on Massey's poor practices however the company contested the findings citing a methane leak.
The takeover of Massey Energy was completed in June 2011 after shareholders of both companies voted for the merger (99% of Massey shareholders voted for the deal (77% of them voted) while 98% of Alpha's shareholders supported it (83% of them voted). Alpha secured $3.3 billion in financing for the takeover from Citigroup and JPMorgan. The combined entity will be the world's number three producer of metallurgical coal behind BHP Billiton and Teck Resources.
On September 18, 2012, Alpha announced a plan to idle eight coal mines and the layoff 800 employees. The plan would reduce Alpha's yearly coal production by ~16 million tons and reduce costs by $150 million.
Alpha Natural Resources, Inc.
Alpha was first established in 2002 by management (original CEO Michael Quillen played a major role) and First Reserve Stockholders (though it officially incorporated in November 2004). Around the same time it made its first major acquisition, The Brink's Company's Virginian coal business for $62.9 million (Virginia is currently a significant source of primary production). Immediately after that it took over Coastal Coal Company (Jan 2003) followed by American Metals and Coal International's coal business (March) and Mears Enterprises, Inc (November).
In December 2004 it filed for an IPO in an attempt to raise US$250 million to repay debt (strong coal prices also affected the timing of it). At the time coal was selling for about a quarter the price of natural gas ($1.5 versus $5.0 per million BTU) however since then (mid-2010) the ratio has become much smaller (coal has tripled in price to $4.63/mil BTU while gas is still at $5.189). (natural gas is used as an alternative to thermal coal in electricity production).
Operations.
Only about 40% of coal is produced directly by the company, 60% comes from subsidiaries. Nearly half of the mines are underground operations. In 2008 the biggest source of coal production, the Powder River Basin (53% = 49.2mt) was home to only 32% of coal reserves (behind U.S. Northern Appalachia (35% = 800mt) and Central Appalachia (32%, thermal coal). After the merger with Massey the company will control 150 coal mines and 40 preparation plants which is up significantly from the 65 mines under its control at the end of 2007. For 2011 Massey expects to ship 10 to 14 million tons of metallurgical coal, about the same as Alpha (in 2010 was 11.88 million tons or 14% of total production). In its last annual report (2009) Massey Energy reported coal sales of 38 million tons (ranking sixth in the USA), that compares to 84.8 million tons sold by Alpha Natural Resources in 2010. In the fourth quarter of 2010 Massey Energy had a coal shipment shortfall of 1.4 million tons half of which was due to rail problems the other half a result of misproduction.
Mines.
Before the merger with Massey Energy Alpha Natural Resources had over 60 active mines in 4 US states. After the merger the number of mines reached up to 110-150. Notable ones include Belle Ayr Mine and Eagle Butte Mine (both in Wyoming).
In coal river east, Kingston Mining, located in Kingston West Virginia is also i vary notable mines. With some of the worlds most sought after met coal.

</doc>
<doc id="30957674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957674" title="Tibetan Empire (disambiguation)">
Tibetan Empire (disambiguation)

The term Tibetan Empire most commonly refers to the first major Tibetan state, ruled by the Yarlung dynasty.
Tibetan Empire may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30957676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957676" title="Ohh Nooo! Mr. Bill Presents">
Ohh Nooo! Mr. Bill Presents

Ohh Nooo! Mr. Bill Presents is an American variety / sketch comedy television series created by Walter Williams, and stars Mr. Bill, Williams' character who was made popular on Saturday Night Live from 1976-1980. The series premiered on the FOX Family Channel (now ABC Family) on August 18, 1998, and lasted 42 hour-long episodes, concluding in 1999. 
"Ohh Nooo! Mr. Bill Presents" features, in addition to sketches starring Mr. Bill, also other sketches, most notably ones starring British personality Mr. Bean portrayed by actor and comedian Rowan Atkinson. The hour-long variety show also featured computer generated segments revolving around Mr. Bill in addition to the traditional Mr. Bill clay animation segments.

</doc>
<doc id="30957688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957688" title="Milwaukee Blast">
Milwaukee Blast

The Milwaukee Blast is an expansion franchise of the American Basketball Association which began play in the 2011 season. Based in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, the Blast will play its home games at the 3,000-seat fieldhouse on the campus of Wisconsin Lutheran College. As of December 15, 2011 they have suspended team operations.

</doc>
<doc id="30957745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957745" title="Eggleston School">
Eggleston School

The Eggleston School is former school and current private residential structure located at the 10539 Nolan Road in rural Nester Township in southeastern Roscommon County, Michigan. It was designated as a Michigan Historic Site on February 29, 1996 and soon after added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 4, 1996. It is the only property in Roscommon County listed on the National Register and one of only four county properties designated as a Michigan Historic Site — along with Gerrish Township Information Site, Pioneer House, and Turney House. 
Located at the corner of Nolan Road and Muma Road in section 19 of the very sparsely populated Nester Township, the masonry structure was built in 1934 to serve as a schoolhouse for the few residents of the township. The school included two classrooms upstairs and large open space on the first floor as a gymnasium, auditorium, and cafeteria. The school and its property were financed by the township's largest landowner, Mary Eggleston. It stands on five acres (2.3 ha) of land that also includes a small cemetery, which contains only three graves, located near the structure. At some point, the school was decommissioned and converted into a private residential structure. The few students in the area now attend Houghton Lake Community Schools about 20 miles (32 km) northwest in Houghton Lake.

</doc>
<doc id="30957749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957749" title="Special municipality (Taiwan)">
Special municipality (Taiwan)

Special municipalities () are the first-level division in Taiwan. Currently there are five special municipalities in Taiwan: Kaohsiung, New Taipei, Taichung, Tainan and Taipei. In addition, Taoyuan is planning to be approved as the sixth special municipality in end of 2014.
Position in hierarchy.
Special municipalities are the highest level cities in Taiwan. Some cities of lower levels may also refer to themselves as municipalities. However, refers to them using the following conventional terms:
Three levels of cities in Taiwan:
History.
Mainland Era.
In the era of the Republic of China government rule in mainland China, twelve cities were ever assigned as special municipalities. They are
The system of top-level municipality were designed in 1927 soon after they were designated as "cities" during the 1920s. These cities were first called "special municipalities/cities" (), but were later renamed "Yuan-controlled municipalities" (), by the Central Government.
Taiwan Era.
Five special municipalities in Taiwan were created after the Republic of China government took control following World War II. Taipei was made a Yuan-controlled municipality in 1967; Kaohsiung was elevated in 1979; New Taipei, Taichung and Tainan also elevated to special municipality in 2010. Since 1994, Yuan-controlled municipalities (院轄市 yuànxiáshì) have been officially called special municipality (直轄市 zhíxiáshì) to emphasize their autonomy. Besides significant political, economic and cultural development, the ROC law dictates that a municipality must have population of over 1,250,000.
Administration.
In Taiwanese municipalities, the mayor is the highest-ranking official in charge. The mayor is directly elected by the people registered in the municipality for a duration of four years.

</doc>
<doc id="30957765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957765" title="James Bacon (judge)">
James Bacon (judge)

Sir James Bacon (11 February 1798 – 1 June 1895) was a British bankruptcy judge and a vice-chancellor of the Court of Chancery, and a member of the Privy Council.
Bacon was born at 10 The Polygon, Somers Town, London. His father had come there from Holt, Norfolk, to work as an attorney's clerk in Clerkenwell. Bacon received part of his early education in Holt. He left school at twelve and worked for some years in the same attorney's firm, Rhodes and Cook, as he relates in his unpublished memoirs.
In 1822 he joined Gray's Inn and was called to the bar in 1827. As an impecunious young barrister he engaged in much literary work, such as translations from the French (including the first translation of Victor Hugo) and a pseudonymous “Memoirs of the Life and Writings of Lord Byron” which breached copyright outrageously. John Murray decided not to sue because copyright in works of doubtful moral character had become precarious following the case of William Lawrence. This work was illustrated by George Cruikshank and Bacon knew him and many literary and artistic personalities, including Charles Lamb and Mary Shelley.
He joined Lincoln's Inn in 1833 and became a bencher in 1846 soon after becoming a QC. In 1859 he became under-secretary to the Master of the Rolls.
He became chief judge in bankruptcy under the Bankruptcy Act 1869, and held this post until the act was repealed in 1883 and jurisdiction over bankruptcy was transferred to the Queen's Bench Division. He also became a vice-chancellor in 1870 and was knighted and appointed to the Privy Council the following year; the post was abolished by the Court of Judicature Act of 1875 but he retained the title until he retired in 1886 at the age of 88. He had become a celebrated figure for his caustic wit and activity to a great age. An example is that when a decision of his was appealed, the only thing on his notes sent to the higher court was a cartoon of the appellant and the words "This man is a liar." Another is: “This case bristles with simplicity. The facts are admitted; the law is plain; and yet it has taken seven days to try – one day longer than God Almighty required to make the world.”
He married his wife Laura Cook, daughter of the attorney he and his father worked for, in 1827. He had four sons, two of whom predeceased him, and one daughter. His granddaughter Arabella Susan Lawrence was one of the first Labour Party female MPs.

</doc>
<doc id="30957775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957775" title="Direct-controlled municipalities of China">
Direct-controlled municipalities of China

Municipality (), also translated as Direct-controlled municipality, Municipality directly under the central government, or Province-level Municipality is the highest level classification for cities used by the People's Republic of China.
History.
The first municipalities were the 11 cities of Nanjing, Shanghai, Beijing, Tianjin, Qingdao, Chongqing, Xi'an, Guangzhou, Hankou (now part of Wuhan), Shenyang, and Harbin when the ROC government ruled China. They were established in 1927 soon after they were designated as "cities" during the 1920s. Nominally Dalian was a municipality as well, although it was under Japanese control. These cities were first called "special municipalities/cities" (), but were later renamed "Yuan-controlled municipalities" (), then "direct-controlled municipalities" () by the Central Government.
After the establishment of the People's Republic of China in 1949, Anshan, Benxi, and Fushun were also made municipalities, while Qingdao, Dalian, and Harbin were reduced to provincial municipalities. Hankou was merged into Wuhan. Hence there remained 12 municipalities, until Dalian was elevated in 1950. In November 1952, Nanjing was reduced to a provincial municipality. In July 1953, Harbin was restored to municipality status, along with Changchun. Except Beijing and Tianjin, which were under central control, all other municipalities were governed by the greater administrative areas.
In June 1954, 11 of the 14 municipalities were reduced to sub-provincial cities; many of them became capitals of the provinces they were in. Only Beijing, Shanghai, and Tianjin remained municipalities, until Chongqing was restored as a municipality in 1997 with a much enlarged area. Tianjin was also temporarily reverted to sub-provincial city status around the 1960s.
Position in hierarchy.
Municipalities are the highest-ranked cities in the PRC. Some cities of lower levels may also refer to themselves as municipalities in the English language.
Three levels of cities in the People's Republic of China:
Administration.
In municipalities, the highest ranking government official is the Mayor. The mayor is also a delegate in the National People's Congress (the legislature) and Deputy Secretary of the CPC Municipal Committee. However, the highest administrative authority in the municipality belongs to the Secretary of the CPC Municipal Committee or Party Secretary.

</doc>
<doc id="30957790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957790" title="Seth Porges">
Seth Porges

Seth Porges is an American science and technology journalist and television commentator. Previously, he worked as a senior editor at "Maxim" magazine, as an editor at Popular Mechanics magazine, as the technology columnist at Bloomberg News., and as a writer for TechCrunch He currently lives in Brooklyn, New York, and is a graduate of Northwestern University’s Medill School of Journalism".
Porges has appeared as a guest commentator on television networks such as MSNBC, Fox News, G4, Fox Business, and CNBC, as well as the Web shows TechVi and Rocketboom. His writing has appeared in publications such as BusinessWeek, Men’s Health, Men’s Journal, and Editor & Publisher. He is also the creator of Cloth, an iOS fashion app that allows users to save, categorize, and share photographs of their outfits.
He is the son of neuroscientists Stephen Porges and C. Sue Carter, and is the subject of a song by musician Wesley Willis. In 2009, he received attention for serving as a test pilot on the maiden voyage of an experimental pulse jet-powered carousel. In 2006, he appeared as a contestant on Cash Cab. In 2011, he led a Twitter campaign that succeeded in causing Chipotle to list the presence of bacon in its pinto beans. That same year, he was named one of The New York Observer's "50 Media Power Bachelors" and one of Stylecaster's "Top 25 IT Kids of 2011". 
His work includes regular speaking engagements on topics such as futurism, consumer technology, and the media. He is a noted expert on the history of pinball.

</doc>
<doc id="30957795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957795" title="Aidan (name)">
Aidan (name)

Aidan or Aiden are the primary anglicisations of the Irish given name "Aodhán" and the Scottish Gaelic given name "Aodhàn".
Etymology and spelling.
The name is derived from the name "Aodhán", which is a pet form of "Aodh". It can be used as a masculine or feminine given name. The personal name "Aodh" means "fiery" and/or "bringer of fire" and was the name of a Celtic sun god (see Aed).
Formerly common only in Ireland and Scotland, the name and its variants have become popular in England, the United States, and Canada. "Aidan" has been the 57th most popular name in the United States since the start of the year 2000, bestowed on over 62,000 boys, while "Aiden" ranking 66th, has been used on over 51,000 boys. Other variants are a bit less popular, such as "Hayden" 88th, "Ayden" 189th, "Aden" 333rd, "Aydan" 808th, and "Aydin" 960th, according to the United States Social Security Database. "Aidan/Aiden" was the most popular boys' name in Canada in 2007.
The spellings "Aydan", "Aydin", or "Aden" are all more common with Turkish or Arabic origins, and have a different pronunciation.
Its popularity is also reflected in the occurrence of similar-sounding names such as Braden, Caden, Hayden, and Jayden.
"Aidan" (or any reasonable variant) as a girl's name does not appear in the top one thousand names for girls from the same database, although it has occasionally been used for girls.
Some sources suggest that the feminine equivalent of Aidan is Eithne, which has the same meaning.

</doc>
<doc id="30957852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957852" title="Jon Pritikin">
Jon Pritikin

Jon Pritikin (born 26 February 1973) is a motivational speaker and founder of a non-profit organization known as "Feel the Power".
Early life and education.
Pritikin, born in Rockford, Illinois to a Jewish family, grew up as a child battling many speech and learning disabilities. Due to these disabilities, he was taken out of class and placed with children who were mentally handicapped. He was bullied repeatedly and incurred abuse on a daily basis from other school peers and neighborhood children. Jon, as said in one of his speeches, would always sit alone because nobody befriended him.
Jon was told many times by his school mates and teachers that he would never make it and this also contributed to a troubled childhood. In Junior High school, Jon became overweight which made his life even worse. However, his perseverance made it possible for him to continue and go on to college. Even though he was on academic probation and applied to numerous schools, he was finally accepted to Bethany University in Scotts Valley, California. Despite his speech impediment, Jon graduated from the university in 1995.
Career.
After graduating, he found it possible for him to share his anti-bullying message in the United States and around the world. He uses feats of strength as a tool to grab people's attention then proceeds to deliver his message. He started a non-profit organization in 1994 known as, "Feel the Power".
This organization has enabled him to become a motivational speaker and speak to over 3,000,000 people worldwide. Jon is the current Guinness record holder for "the tightest circumference of two aluminum frying pans rolled together with his bare hands in less than 30 seconds." 
Jon is also involved in an anti-steroid program known as S.W.A.T.S., which is an acronym for Sports With Alternatives to Steroids. He, along with many other professional athletes are involved in this program and are an example to all by performing their sport at a high level without the use of illegal substances.
Personal life.
Jon and his wife, Rhonda and daughter, Jaden currently reside in Lodi, California.

</doc>
<doc id="30957853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957853" title="Blazing Souls">
Blazing Souls

Gameplay.
The gameplay is non-linear, allowing the player to progress through the game and the story in whatever order they wish. In addition, instead of having separate screens or maps for exploration and battle, the game features a seamless transition between exploration and battle.
Actions such as Chain, Charge, Hold, Original Skill, Chain Skill, Special Chain Skill, Break, Break Arts, and Overkill are available during battle. You can position your forces on the battlefield and wait for the right moment to string together the combo attacks using multiple party members—both in melee and at range. Blazing Souls allows the player to create over 200 different items and skills as well as the ability to capture monsters and have them placed within the party.
Plot.
A young contractor named Zelos who stumbles onto a mysterious magical stone and sets off on a quest to battle Human Genomes, creatures created by God to replace mankind. Zelos must choose how he will proceed through the adventure.

</doc>
<doc id="30957859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957859" title="Ariel (given name)">
Ariel (given name)

Ariel is a given name from Biblical Hebrew אריאל "Ariel" that literally means "lion of God". In modern Hebrew, it is primarily used as a male name. However, in recent years in English-speaking countries, it has been more commonly used as a female name. A common modern Hebrew female equivalent is Ariella. An alternative English and French spelling is Arielle.
Common short forms of Ariel are Ari and Arik for boys (primarily in Hebrew-speaking areas) and Arie, Elle, and Ella for girls (primarily in English and French-speaking areas).

</doc>
<doc id="30957871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957871" title="Jules Desbrochers des Loges">
Jules Desbrochers des Loges

Jules Desbrochers des Loges (1836, Béthune, Pas de Calais-10 August 1913, Tours was a French 
entomologist.
Desbrochers was an insect dealer at first based in Vitry-aux-Loges (1880–1887), then from 1888 in Tours. He described 
many species including the biological pest control agent Northern Tamarisk Beetle
Works.
Partial list

</doc>
<doc id="30957899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957899" title="Clearing Customs">
Clearing Customs

Clearing Customs is a studio album by English guitarist, composer and improvisor Fred Frith. It is based on a week of recordings and performances in November and December 2007 at a New Jazz Meeting at SWR, a German radio station in southwest Germany. Two hour-long national broadcasts were made. The album was released by Intakt Records in February 2011.
The music is based on a 75-minute composition by Frith, and improvised by all the performers. It uses a "graphic structural model" that links "diverse types of musical events" on a time line. Traditional jazz instruments were used, plus Asian guzheng and tablas, and electronics. Frith drew on English theatre maker Peter Brook's approach of bringing together performers from completely different cultural backgrounds.
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Frith.
Source:
Personnel.
Source:
Sound and artwork.
Recorded at SWR studio 1 in Baden-Baden, Germany on November 29, 2007, and in Saarbrücken, Germany on December 1, 2007.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="30957908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957908" title="Jack Duncan">
Jack Duncan

Jack Duncan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30957948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957948" title="Mehboob Studio">
Mehboob Studio

Mehboob Studio is an Indian film studio and recording studio in Bandra (W), Mumbai, founded by director and producer Mehboob Khan in 1954 who owned Mehboob Productions and is most known for films like "Mother India" (1957), which won the Filmfare Awards for Best Film and Best Director and was a nominee for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film. It is spread over 20,000 square yards and includes five shooting stages. It soon become popular with directors like Guru Dutt, Chetan Anand and Dev Anand. In following decades it was used by Manmohan Desai extensively. A recording studio was added in the 1970s and both remain in use.
The studio was used from November 2010 to January 2011 for the first-ever exhibition of sculptor Anish Kapoor in India; the other part was held at the National Gallery of Modern Art, New Delhi.
History.
Director Mehboob Khan, who started his directorial journey in 1935, had already established Mehboob Productions in 1942 and had made hits like "Anmol Ghadi" (1946) and "Andaz" (1949). He started looking land closer to central Mumbai compared with older studios like Filmistan and Bombay Talkies which were in far-flung, Goregoan and Malad. Eventually he settled for seaside Bandra, then a quiet and marshy area, long before the Reclamation that took place later. The plot close to historic Mount Mary's Church was brought in 1951 from Jaffer Bhai, a local Bohra Muslim. A portion of land housed a school run by a Parsi woman and the rest had farmland for vegetables. The construction was completed in 1954.
Mehboob had made "Aan" (1952) and was midst of shooting Dilip Kumar starrer, "Amar" (1954), when the studio opened its doors. Mehboob shot his next two films, "Paisa hi Paisa" and "Awaaz", but it was not until he made "Mother India" here in 1957, that he tasted both critical and cinematic success again. "Mother India" went on to receive an Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film nomination and won the Best Film and Best Director Best Film Awards at that year's Filmfare Awards. A decade after its inception, Mehboob was being preferred by stars and directors alike, as many stars live close by. When Mehboob Khan was not shooting his films, it was leased out to other producers and directors.
Guru Dutt shot his iconic "Kaagaz Ke Phool" here, and actor-director Dev Anand shot many of his movies under the Navketan Films banner here, starting with "Hum Dono" and followed by "Guide"; he even maintained an office at the studio complex for 20 years.
Mehboob Khan could never recapture his mantle after the success of "Mother India". His subsequent films flopped including his last one: "Son of India" (1962). When he died in 1964 at the age of 56, he left behind financial debts on his family. "Son of India" was the last film produced under the Mehboob Productions banner. The fortunes of the studio revived in the 1970s with the rights of "Mother India" reverted to the family and a recording studio was added. In the coming decades it survived the onslaught of real estate development and a fire which gutted stages 1 and 2 in December 2000. As a part Mehboob Khan's birth centenary celebrations, the Indian postal department released of a commemorative stamp of Mehmood Khan at a function held at the studios in September 2007.
The studio saw its reinvention as an arts and cultural space when its stage no. 3 was used from for the first-ever exhibition of sculptor Anish Kapoor in India, November 2010–January 2011 and later became the venue for the Mahindra Blues Festival February 5 and 6, 2011 and February 11 and 12, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="30957950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957950" title="James Kaye (disambiguation)">
James Kaye (disambiguation)

James Kaye is a British driver.
James Kaye is also the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="30957971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957971" title="Ramon Alberto Castillo">
Ramon Alberto Castillo

Ramón Alberto Castillo Hernández (born 10 June 1985 in Tocoa Colón) is a Honduran footballer, who currently plays for CD Marathón.
Club career.
Castillo played for Olimpia, Real España as well as for Salvadoran outfit Atlético Marte. In July 2011 he joined Platense.
He signed with Guatemalan side Juventud Retalteca in January 2012, but was released in April 2012 since the club could not afford to pay his wages.

</doc>
<doc id="30957986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30957986" title="The Evidence (band)">
The Evidence (band)

The Evidence is a Canadian alternative rock band from Calgary, Alberta formed in 2000. The band was originally known as The Failure until 2007. The Evidence is a power trio consisting of members Dean Rud (bass, vocals), Tyler Pickering (guitar, vocals), and Casey Lewis (drums, vocals). To date the band has released three full-length albums, and three music videos.
History.
In 2010, the band was the recipient of CFEX's Xposure award which netted the band with $25,000 in tour funding and placed them in rotation in the broadcaster's playlist for the summer.

</doc>
<doc id="30958008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958008" title="New Viruthakirikuppam">
New Viruthakirikuppam

New Viruthakirikuppam is a village. it is also called as puthu viruthakirikuppam in Tamil. It is in Virudhachalam taluk near Neyveli in Cuddalore district, Tamil Nadu state in southern India. It is fifteen kilometers far from Virudhachalam. Mudhanai is five kilometer far from new viruthakirikuppam. It is in between Etakuppam and Pazhaya Viruthakirikuppam. There is a government middle school and a church dedicated to Our Lady of Good Health(called arokia annai alayam in Tamil language). The church is under the parish of Iruppukuricy of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Pondicherry and Cuddalore. There are two hundred Hindu families, about seventy Christian families and six families of barbars.
Demographics.
Around eight hundred people live in this village. Many of them are Hindus. Around hundred and fifty people are Christians. Around fifty people are barbers.
Geology.
The soil in New Viruthakirikuppam is good for all kinds of agricultural works. The main basis of the local economy is agriculture, including sugar cane, ground nuts, green grain and other crops. people cultivate groundnuts a lot in this areas. people also cultivate cashew nuts, mango and jack fruit.
Churches and temples.
There are three temples and a church in the village.
Festival.
The village is known for its festival of Our Lady of Good Health. This occurs in May and around six lakhs of people gather for the feast. Hindu participants are more than the Christians. two-third of the devotees are Hindus.
Car procession is very famous in the festival. the car is about sixty-feet tall. Around two hundred devotees carry the well-decorated car. it starts about 10.30 p.m on 13th of may. there are three cars in procession. the first one is for archangel, Michael; the second one is for st. Joseph, the worker and the third one is for the patroness of the village, our lady of good health. the first one is small in size; the second one is medium in size and the third one is very tall and broad in size. all the three cars are carried by the people. it shows of their unity and co-operation in celebrating the festival. though there are only hundred and fifty Christians in this village, great things happen because of their unity and the help of the parish and neighboring village people. the cars go through the Christian streets for more than three hours. The Hindu people take main part in the car procession. The car is prepared by the usual agents and they take three or four days to make it.

</doc>
<doc id="30958012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958012" title="Uppada">
Uppada

Uppada is a village and Gram panchayat in Kothapalle mandal of East Godavari district, Andhra Pradesh, India. Uppada is famous for Silk Sarees known as Uppada pattu cheeralu. It is popular Fishery station for Prawns.
Geography.
Uppada is located at . It has an average elevation of 15 metres (52 ft). It is on the shores of Bay of Bengal near the port city Kakinada.
Climate.
Uppada village has diverse climatic conditions with a mixed climate of hot summers and pleasant winters. Summers can get really hot with temperature ranging up to 45°C. Monsoon is experienced by heavy rainfalls with humid climate. Winters are very pleasant with the temperatures ranging from 18°C to 32°C.

</doc>
<doc id="30958017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958017" title="2011 Djiboutian protests">
2011 Djiboutian protests

The 2011 Djiboutian protests were widespread demonstrations and riots that took place between January and March 2011 in Djibouti, situated in the Horn of Africa. A member of the Arab League, the protests in Djibouti showed a clear influence from the concurrent Arab Spring protests in North Africa and the Arabian peninsula. The demonstrations ended after mass arrests and the barring of international observers.
Background.
President of Djibouti Ismail Omar Guelleh has been in office since 1999, but his government has been in power for 34 years. Recently, Guelleh changed the constitution so that he could have a third term in office. This proved unpopular with the Djiboutian population.
These protests occurred in the months leading up to the Djiboutian presidential election, 2011.
Protests.
Before February 19.
On January 28, hundreds of people turned out to protest in Djibouti City. Similar to the events on January 28, only smaller. 300 people gathered in a square in the capital, Djibouti. On February 18, thousands rallied against the president, gathering at a stadium with the intention of staying there until their demands were met. However, the demonstration escalated into clashes after dusk, as police used batons and tear gas against stone-throwing protesters. Officials from the Union for Democratic Change, an umbrella group of three opposition parties, gave speeches at the demonstration calling for Guelleh to step down.
February 19–25.
On February 19, clashes were reported to be intensifying. Anti-government protestors clashed with security forces 24 hours after hundreds of demonstrators demanding the president step down hurled stones at riot police who fired back with tear gas. At least one policeman was killed, and sources said one protester had also been killed. The protest leaders were arrested The next day, Djiboutian authorities released three opposition leaders as opponents of President Ismail Guelleh clashed with police.
Leaders of the United Sun Nations, opposition parties and protest organisers were set to meet on February 24 to plan mass protests for the following day. Police acting on behalf of Gulleh arrested 300 organisers during and after the mass protests on February 18, with reports of torture being used to sedate the activists. After the failure of the leaders to turn up on February 24, opposition leader Bourhan Mohammed Ali stated he feared the protests had lost momentum. Protests had been planned for March 4, but it remained to be seen if the Djiboutians would be able to coordinate themselves without the 300 arrested leaders.
February 26 - March 11.
On March 3, Djibouti ordered its opposition party to cancel its anti-government protests which were to be held on March 4, 2011 due to a previous rally a month earlier turning violent. Mohammed Daoud, head of the opposition Djibouti Party for Development, said that protests will occur as scheduled. On the 4th soldiers and police filled the streets to prevent the planned demonstration blocking the route to the city's main stadium where they were to have taken place and preventing the protest. A protest was planned for March 11, but security forces scuppered the protest and detained 4 opposition leaders.
Censorship.
On February 9, the President of the Djibouti League of Human Rights was arrested.
On March 21, US election monitors were expelled from the country, whose task would have been to observe the April 2011 presidential election.
Response.
The United Kingdom's Ministry of Foreign Affairs warned against travel to Djibouti.

</doc>
<doc id="30958019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958019" title="Émile Roche">
Émile Roche

Émile Roche (Estaires, 24 September 1893 – 1990), was a French economist, radical politician and journalist.
He was born the son of a grocer, who entered politics after the First World War. He was best known as a supporter of the politician Joseph Caillaux from 1927 during the 1930s through the newspaper he founded "La République." Under the German Occupation, Émile Roche wrote for the collaborationist newspaper "Les Nouveaux Temps" where he criticised the parties of the 1930s and supported the single party. After the Liberation he intervened on behalf of the former German ambassador to Vichy, Otto Abetz in 1950. From 1954 to 1974 he was the Président of the French Conseil économique. He was also well known as a distinguished collector of art.

</doc>
<doc id="30958020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958020" title="Giorgi Gamkrelidze">
Giorgi Gamkrelidze

Georgi Gamkrelidze (; ; born 30 September 1987 in Tbilisi) is a Georgian-born Ukrainian football midfielder who currently plays for the 1. liga club MFK Zemplín Michalovce.

</doc>
<doc id="30958025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958025" title="Anthony Griffin (rugby league)">
Anthony Griffin (rugby league)

Anthony Griffin is an Australian professional rugby league football coach and current head coach for the Brisbane Broncos of the NRL. He played in the Brisbane Rugby League premiership during the 1980s before taking up coaching. After success in the Queensland Cup and Toyota Cup competitions, Griffin replaced Ivan Henjak as head coach of the Broncos just before the 2011 NRL season.
Playing career.
Griffin played in the Brisbane Rugby League premiership for Brothers from 1985 to 1987. He then played for Brothers in Rockhampton from 1988 to 1992.
Coaching career.
Griffin coached the colts teams for Redcliffe (1995–97), winning the premiership in 1997. The following year he moved to Brisbane Norths, taking them to the colts premiership in his first year there, and also coaching the Queensland under 17s representative team in 1998. After another colts premiership with Norths in 2000, Griffin joined the coaching staff of the NRL's Melbourne Storm and was Chris Anderson's then Mark Murray's assistant in 2001 and 2002. Returning to Queensland, he coached the Souths Logan Magpies in the Queensland Cup from 2003 to 2004. He then joined the Redcliffe Dolphins, coaching them from 2005 to 2007 and winning the competition with them in 2006. He also coached the Queensland Residents side in 2007.
Brisbane Broncos.
Griffin coached the Brisbane Broncos' under-20s side to the 2008 Toyota Cup season's grand final. He was appointed as assistant to head coach Ivan Henjak for the 2010 NRL season, in which the Broncos failed to make the finals series for the first time since 1991.
Less than three weeks from the beginning of the 2011 NRL season, Griffin became the third ever coach of the Broncos when he was unexpectedly announced to be replacing Henjak. After losing their first match, the Broncos went on to win seven matches in a row, to be sitting equal top of the ladder with the St. George Illawarra Dragons at the conclusion of Round 8. Griffin employed a policy of resting key players such as Darren Lockyer and Sam Thaiday after mid-season representative matches and Brisbane's ladder position slipped. However they returned to the top four after the 2011 State of Origin series. The Broncos finished the regular season in third place, their best finish to the regular season since their last premiership in 2006. Griffin then took them to within one match of the grand final. However without injured captain Darren Lockyer Brisbane were knocked out of contention by eventual premiers, the Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles.

</doc>
<doc id="30958037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958037" title="Garsela">
Garsela

Garsela also Garsel or Garut Selatan or South Garut is a city located in the southern part of the Garut Regency, West Java Province, Indonesia. After the creation of a new regency in the West Java province, the city has received approval in 2011 have received as the seat of the provincial government.
The expansion of the Garut Selatan Regency included 327 villages with 15 districts namely Sub Cikajang, Banjarwangi, Cisewu, Talegong, Bungbulang, Pamulihan, Pakenjeng, Cikelet, Pameungpeuk, Cibalong, Cisompet, Pendet, Singajaya, Cibulit and Mekarmukti with Garut Selatan as the planned district capital.The Port at Santolo Cikelet.The best place for relax and tourist is Gunung Geder Beach at Cikelet.

</doc>
<doc id="30958055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958055" title="Monte Matto">
Monte Matto

Monte Matto is a high mountain in Piedmont, in the province of Cuneo. It is part of the Maritime Alps, dividing the Maris and Gesso della Valletta valleys. 
The mountain's peak, consisting of a ridge with four aligned peaks, can be seen from most of Cuneo's plain. The ridge is divided between two different rock formations, one made up of granitoid gneiss, the other of mixed gneiss and different kinds of migmatite.
The mountain is integrally part of the Maritime Alps Natural Park. Fauna includes marmot, chamois and, at higher altitudes, Alpine ibex.

</doc>
<doc id="30958063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958063" title="Garel Rhys">
Garel Rhys

David Garel Rhys (born 28 February 1940) Professor of Motor Industry Economics, and Director for Automotive Industry Research at Cardiff Business School is a Welsh academic and a commentator of long standing on Motor Industry matters in Britain.
Personal.
He married in 1965 to Charlotte Mavis Walters. The couple have three children and four grandchildren. He is the second cousin of Rhodri Morgan, the former First Minister of Wales.
He was invested as an Officer of the British Empire in 1989, and as a Commander of the British Empire in 2007 for services to economic research in Wales. He is a Liveryman of the Worshipful Company of Carmen, and was granted the Freedom of the City of London in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="30958094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958094" title="Poti International Airport">
Poti International Airport

Poti Airport is located in Poti, Georgia. It has been closed since the collapse of the USSR in 1990s. However, the Georgian government plans on reconstructing the airport and opening it to public and private service by 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="30958099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958099" title="Real Pests">
Real Pests

Real Pests () is a 1977 Slovenian comedy film by the writer and director Jože Bevc, starring Bert Sotlar, Dare Valič and Majda Potokar. The film was one of the most successful films in Slovenia, holding the domestic box office record for almost 15 years.
Plot.
"Real Pests" is a light-hearted comedy about a widower Štebe (Bert Sotlar), who works as a bus driver and lives with his five adolescent sons and an elderly maid Rozi (Majda Potokar) in Ljubljana. The boys are wild, constantly playing pranks on neighbors and Rozi, who is fed up with their behavior which earned them the nickname "gadi" ("pests", or literally "vipers"). One day, she fulfills her threat and leaves for home in the countryside despite being extremely fond of the family. Right then, Rozi's young niece Meri (Milada Kalezič) comes to town and is offered a place to stay by Štebe until she can find a job. The attractive Meri cannot compete with Rozi at housekeeping, but she immediately wraps all the boys around her finger, also getting attention from Štef's coworker Toni (Boris Cavazza) with whom she later becomes a couple. However, nobody seems to know where she is going every afternoon. Finally, Štebe, who knows Rozi very well, convinces her to come back. At the same time, the mystery about Meri is also solved: she had been learning to drive a bus and has just passed the driving test, becoming a driver at the city transport company. Everybody boards her bus and they drive off.

</doc>
<doc id="30958102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958102" title="Psilogramma rupprechtorum">
Psilogramma rupprechtorum

Psilogramma rupprechtorum is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Kalimantan in Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="30958107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958107" title="Psilogramma salomonis">
Psilogramma salomonis

Psilogramma salomonis is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Solomon Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="30958120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958120" title="Psilogramma stameri">
Psilogramma stameri

Psilogramma stameri is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Sumatra and Java in Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="30958139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958139" title="Psilogramma tanimbarica">
Psilogramma tanimbarica

Psilogramma tanimbarica is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="30958147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958147" title="Tahtali-Jami Mosque">
Tahtali-Jami Mosque

The Tahtali-Jami Mosque (), ) is located in Bakhchisaray, Ukraine. In means “wooden mosque”.
History.
The mosque was built in 1707 by Khan Sultan Beck who married the daughter of Selim I Giray. It is the oldest mosque in the city and can be seen from almost any point of Bakhchisaray. It was originally constructed with wooden planks which were later closed in by stone blocks and masonry walls. The roof of the mosque is covered with clay tiles.

</doc>
<doc id="30958150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958150" title="Pentakota">
Pentakota

Pentakota () is a village in Payakaraopeta mandal of Visakhapatnam district, Andhra Pradesh, India.
There is an old lighthouse in the village. It has height and was established in 1957. It has a range of .
Geography.
Pentakpta has an average elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="30958153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958153" title="Aleksandar Trninić">
Aleksandar Trninić

Aleksandar Trninić (born 27 March 1987) is a Serbian football defender who currently play for First Macedonian Football League club FK Vardar.
Club statistics.
"Updated to games played as of 17 December 2013."

</doc>
<doc id="30958157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958157" title="Psilogramma sulawesica">
Psilogramma sulawesica

Psilogramma sulawesica is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Sulawesi in Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="30958162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958162" title="Jhoom (album)">
Jhoom (album)

Jhoom is the third album of Pakistani pop singer, Ali Zafar. It was released in 2011. It is mostly sufi music. The album contains the hit singles "Jhoom", "Dastaan-E-Ishq" and "Tu Jaanay Na".

</doc>
<doc id="30958164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958164" title="Psilogramma sundana">
Psilogramma sundana

Psilogramma sundana is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Sunda in Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="30958171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958171" title="Psilogramma surholti">
Psilogramma surholti

Psilogramma surholti is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Vietnam.

</doc>
<doc id="30958178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958178" title="Psilogramma ulrichroesleri">
Psilogramma ulrichroesleri

Psilogramma ulrichroesleri is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Papua New Guinea.

</doc>
<doc id="30958187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958187" title="Psilogramma vanuatui">
Psilogramma vanuatui

Psilogramma vanuatui is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Vanuatu.

</doc>
<doc id="30958201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958201" title="Balcom, Illinois">
Balcom, Illinois

Balcom is an unincorporated community in Union County, Illinois, United States. Balcom is southeast of Anna.

</doc>
<doc id="30958203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958203" title="No. 6 Squadron (Pakistan Air Force)">
No. 6 Squadron (Pakistan Air Force)

No. 6 Squadron, nicknamed the Antelopes, is a transport squadron of the Pakistan Air Force.
History.
The squadron was formed without any aircraft or equipment on 14 August 1947 at Maripur, Karachi, under its first commanding officer, Flight Lieutenant M. J. Khan. On 16 August 1947, Air Officer Commanding Air Vice Marshal visited the squadron and commissioned it for heavy airlifting and airborne operations. The PAF acquired a Douglas DC-3 Dakota aircraft on 22 October 1947 and later obtained Bristol Freighter, Tiger Moth, and Auster AOP.9 aircraft. On 29 June 1948, a detachment of the squadron provided a guard of honour at Mauripur for Governor-General Muhammad Ali Jinnah on his arrival from Quetta. On 9 September 1948, three Dakota aircraft performed a flypast at the Quaid-e-Azam's funeral ceremony.
No. 6 Squadron had been a Royal Indian Air Force (RIAF) unit until 14 August 1947, the date of Pakistan's independence, when it was transferred to the Royal Pakistan Air Force (RPAF). The squadron was stationed at Peshawar and inherited one serviceable Douglas Dakota from the RIAF, along with two pilots, three navigators and three signallers. The RPAF initiated a three-phase program to increase the numbers of personnel and equipment, and by the end of the first phase on 31 March 1948, a total of eight Dakota transports were in service; the number was increased to twenty over the next 12 months. During this period, the squadron carried out regular supply drops in Azad Kashmir for troops and villages that had been cut off by snow. Dakota pilots had to fly between the region's mountains, because their fully loaded aircraft had a ceiling of around 10,000 ft, while the surrounding mountain peaks were 16,000–20,000 ft high. In November 1948 the squadron dropped 40,000 kg of supplies while operating from Risalpur and Peshawar. On 4 November 1948 a Dakota was attacked by two Hawker Tempest fighters of the Indian Air Force, but Flying Officer Mukhtar Dogar managed to evade the fighters.
The RPAF purchased a large number of Bristol Freighter transports for No. 6 Squadron in early 1950. The Freighter's fuel capacity enabled the squadron to fly longer transport and communication sorties. Some of the Freighters were modified in 1955 to carry a "block-buster" bomb under each wing, and limited training in night bombing was undertaken. Similar operations occurred later with the C-130 Hercules. Freighters would be used in varying climatic and geographical conditions, such as the snowbound mountains in Kashmir, the southern Punjabi deserts and East Pakistan's tropical forests. The 1952 floods led to the unit's deployment for large-scale food supply drops, for which the squadron received an award on 17 August 1952 from the Governor of the Punjab. "Operation Snow Drop" began on 15 November 1953 and involved dropping supplies in Pakistan's Northern Areas from PAF Base Chaklala. From 15 to 30 November 1953 the Antelopes flew 780 hours and dropped 363,000 kg of supplies. Replacement of the Bristol Freighter began in 1963 with the delivery of four Lockheed C-130B Hercules transports, which enabled the squadron to fly over the Karakoram mountains rather than between them, thus improving flight safety.
In the 1965 Indo-Pakistani War the Antelopes dropped parachute commandos into Indian territory in a night-time mission involving three C-130B transports.
Just before the 1965 war started, the squadron's commanding officer, Wing Commander Eric Gordan Hall, had the idea of making up for the PAF's deficiency in heavy bombers by modifying the Hercules to carry bombs. It was converted to carry 10,000 kg of bombs, which were rolled out on pallets from the rear ramp, and over 21 night-time bombing raids were flown against Indian forces approaching for the Battles of Chawinda and Pul Kanjari. Support missions for troops in the Northern Areas were continued after the war.
With the unstable political situation at the end of 1970 and the resulting civil unrest, the Antelopes moved a large number of troops to East Pakistan and assisted in flood relief operations there. India stopped the PAF flying over its territory in 1971, and the squadron had to fly to East Pakistan via Sri Lanka. Two of the unit's C-130 transports were deployed to Dhaka from March 71 until the 1971 Indo-Pakistani War began on 3 December 1971. They were used to evacuate soldiers and civilians from hostile areas of East Pakistan – in one sortie a single C-130 evacuated 365 people from Sylhet to Dhaka. During the 1971 war, No. 6 Squadron flew bombing missions from West Pakistan in the same manner as those flown during the 1961 war, and no transport aircraft were lost during these sorties. During one such mission, Group Captain Mir Alam damaged the Jaisalmer technical complex of the Indian Air Force, and his crew received an award for its efforts.
The squadron was regularly involved in "Exercise Nejat", a series of CENTO exercises held at PAF Base Masroor, Rezayiah in Iran, Turkey and England.
Modern era.
The bomber squadron saw aerial action during the 1992–96 civil war in Afghanistan. In September 1995, Afghan insurgents attacked and destroyed the Pakistani embassy in Afghanistan, leaving one person killed and dozens injured, including the ambassador. On 7 September 1995, a C-130 aircraft was sent to Kabul for the recovery and evacuation of the embassy staff. The Pakistan Army and Navy dispatched commandos belonging to SSG(N), SSG Division, and the 50th Airborne Division. The aircraft landed in very hostile conditions, but the crew managed to evacuate everyone within half an hour.
In 2009, the squadron performed hundreds of airborne missions, including some begun by the Pakistan Army. They parachuted hundreds of Pakistani paratroopers into the Swat Valley and took part in operations in South Waziristan. During Operation Black Thunderstorm, Operation "Rah e Raast" and Operation "Rah-e-Nijat", the squadron parachuted thousands of Pakistani troops and flew continuously, day and night.
1998 Chagai Tests.
On May 1998, a C-130 aircraft of No. 6 Squadron flew five or six nuclear devices in completely knocked down sub-assembly form from Rawalpindi to Chagai with an escort of four F-16 Falcon jets of the "Arrows" fighter squadron of the Pakistan Air Force. The mission was carried out in extreme secrecy and with strict security. The "Arrows" pilots were given a secret order that if the C-130 were to be hijacked or flown out of Pakistani airspace, they were to shoot it down before it left Pakistan’s airspace. Radio equipment was turned off, and the pilots were instructed to ignore any orders to the contrary that might reach them during the flight, even if such orders originated from Air Force Headquarters.

</doc>
<doc id="30958230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958230" title="Johnson Grant">
Johnson Grant

Johnson Grant (1773–1844) was a Scottish priest of the Church of England. He was known as a dedicated evangelical.
Life.
He was born at Edinburgh, the son of Dr. Gregory Grant, by Mary, daughter of Sir Archibald Grant of Monymusk (son of Francis Grant, Lord Cullen). He matriculated at St John's College, Oxford, on 21 October 1795, and took his degree of B.A. in 1799, and M.A. in 1805.
Ordained in the Church of England by Henry Majendie, Grant became curate to Edward Owen. He was in succession at Ormskirk, Lancashire, Frodsham and Latchford in Cheshire, where he succeeded James Glazebrook as perpetual curate at the chapel of ease in 1803.
In 1809 Grant moved to London, as curate of Hornsey, and then of and St Pancras. in Middlesex. Through the interest of Majendie, he was presented to the living of Binbrooke St. Mary, Lincolnshire, in 1818, and to the incumbency of Kentish Town, London, in 1822, where he remained till his death on 4 December 1844. The Jesuit priest Ignatius Grant (1820–1904), originally Johnson Grant, was his son.
Works.
Grant wrote, in addition to occasional sermons and pamphlets:

</doc>
<doc id="30958241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958241" title="Hyocephalidae">
Hyocephalidae

Hyocephalidae are a small family of Heteroptera which are endemic to Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="30958250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958250" title="Grant Johnson">
Grant Johnson

Grant Johnson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30958254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958254" title="Shane Bond (disambiguation)">
Shane Bond (disambiguation)

Shane Bond may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30958277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958277" title="Milos Raonic career statistics">
Milos Raonic career statistics

This is a list of the main career statistics of tennis player Milos Raonic.
Singles performance timeline.
"This table is current through the 2014 Wimbledon Championships.
Statistics.
Match statistics.
The table below summarizes the worldwide ranking of Milos Raonic in different sectors of the game according to the ATP matchfacts.
Head-to-head statistics.
Head-to-head vs. top 20 ranked players.
Raonic's win-loss record (46–46, 50%) against players who have been ranked World No. 20 or higher is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="30958298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958298" title="Gaisu e Tabdar Ko">
Gaisu e Tabdar Ko

Gaisu e Tabdar Ko is a Urdu ghazal written by noted Urdu poet, Muhammad Iqbal. It is the third Ghazal in the Ghazals part of 'Baal-e-Jibriel', a book of poetry by Dr. Muhammad Iqbal.
"Gaisuay Tabdar Ko Aur Bhi Tab Dar Kar"<br>
"Hosh-o-Khirad Shakar Kar, Qalb-o-Nazar Shakar Kar"

</doc>
<doc id="30958304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958304" title="Robert McConnell (loyalist)">
Robert McConnell (loyalist)

Robert William McConnell (c. 1944 – 5 April 1976), was a Northern Irish loyalist who allegedly carried out or was an accomplice to a number of sectarian attacks and killings, although he never faced any charges or convictions. McConnell served part-time as a corporal in the 2nd Battalion Ulster Defence Regiment (UDR), and was a suspected member of the Ulster Volunteer Force (UVF)
In 1993, Yorkshire Television broadcast a programme "The Hidden Hand: the Forgotten Massacre", and the narrator named McConnell as a member of one of the two UVF bomb teams that perpetrated three car bomb attacks in Dublin on 17 May 1974, which killed 26 people. The programme also linked him to British military intelligence and Captain Robert Nairac, stating that McConnell and key figures from the bombing unit were controlled before and after the bombings by Nairac. RUC Special Patrol Group (SPG) officer John Weir alleged that McConnell had been part of the UVF unit that shot leading Provisional IRA man John Francis Green to death in January 1975. Weir also alleged that McConnell had been one of the gunmen in the Reavey family shootings, as well as having had a key role in the bomb and gun attack against Donnelly's Bar the previous month. These were part of a series of sectarian attacks and killings that were carried out by the group of loyalist extremists known as the Glenanne gang, of which McConnell was a member. This gang comprised rogue elements of the Royal Ulster Constabulary (RUC), the SPG, Ulster Defence Regiment (UDR), and the UVF's Mid-Ulster Brigade, which from 1975 to the early 1990s was commanded by Robin "the Jackal" Jackson. Jackson was also implicated by the "Hidden Hand" in the Dublin and Monaghan bombings, and he was reportedly involved in the Green assassination.
McConnell was shot to death outside his home by the IRA. Weir maintained in his affidavit that was published in the "Barron Report" (which was the findings of the official investigation into the 1974 car bombings commissioned by Irish Supreme Court Justice Henry Barron), that McConnell had been set up by British military intelligence. According to Weir, whose information came from a republican informer, now deceased, military intelligence passed on vital information about McConnell to the IRA, who then ordered his killing.
Alleged attacks.
Glenanne gang and Dublin car bombings.
McConnell was born in Northern Ireland in about 1944 and grew up in a Church of Ireland family. He later served as a part-time member of the 2nd Battalion UDR, holding the rank of corporal. This battalion, due to its location and patrol territory in the hazardous South Armagh area known as "bandit country", suffered the highest casualty rate of the entire regiment. The Ulster Defence Regiment (UDR) was the largest infantry regiment in the British Army.
Members of extremist groupings such as the UVF managed to join the UDR despite the vetting process. Their purpose in doing so was to obtain weapons, training and intelligence. Vetting procedures were carried out jointly by Army Intelligence and the RUC's Special Branch and if no intelligence was found to suggest unsuitability individuals were passed for recruitment and would remain as soldiers until the commanding officer was provided with intelligence enabling him to remove soldiers with paramilitary links or sympathies. In the regimental history of the UDR the author commented on men like McConnell and (referring to another individual) suggested that, "he may have regarded himself as a true blue loyalist but had so little understanding of the meaning of loyalty that he would betray his regiment and his comrades..."
He was also a member of the Orange Order's Cladybeg Faith Defenders LOL (Loyal orange lodge) 305b, Newtownhamilton District, and a Sir Knight in the Guiding Star Royal Black Preceptory No.1133; he held the office of Preceptory Lecturer at the time of his death. The Orange Order and Royal Black Preceptory are both Protestant fraternal societies. McConnell attended St. John's Church of Ireland in Newtownhamilton, where he was also a church worker.
At some time prior to 1974, he allegedly joined the UVF's Mid-Ulster Brigade which was led by Billy Hanna until the latter's fatal shooting on 27 July 1975, when the suspected gunman, Robin Jackson, assumed command. According to journalist Toby Harnden, McConnell "was a very senior member in the UVF". The Mid-Ulster Brigade was part of the Glenanne gang, the group of loyalist extremists and rogue members of the security forces who operated from a farm in Glenanne, County Armagh which was owned by RUC reserve officer James Mitchell. The farm was used as a UVF arms dump and bomb-making site. The gang carried out their sectarian attacks against the Catholic nationalist and republican community primarily in the County Armagh and Mid-Ulster area, but also ventured south on several occasions when they hit targets in the Republic. The 1993 Yorkshire Television programme "The Hidden Hand: the Forgotten Massacre" named McConnell along with UVF brigadier Billy Hanna, Harris Boyle, and "the Jackal" as having planned and carried out the 1974 Dublin car bombings. Three cars containing explosives detonated minutes apart from one another during Friday evening rush hour in the city centre that left 26 people dead and close to 300 wounded. No warnings had been given before the bombs went off; they had been so well constructed that one hundred per cent of each bomb exploded upon detonation. The narrator added that McConnell was controlled before and after the bombings by Military Intelligence Liaison officer Robert Nairac of 14th Intelligence Company. John Weir confirmed that he worked with the Special Air Service and the "intelligence boys". A former friend of McConnell's claimed that British soldiers "used to call at Robert's house for him after he had finished his normal duties and he often crossed the border with them". Former British soldier and psychological warfare operative Major Colin Wallace said he was told in 1974 that McConnell, along with Robin Jackson, was an RUC Special Branch agent. This allegation was confirmed in a letter written by Wallace to a colleague dated 14 August 1975.
John Francis Green killing.
McConnell is named by Weir to have been involved in a gun and bomb attack against a pub in Crossmaglen in November 1974, resulting in the fatal injury of Thomas McNamee. Weir also alleged that he was one of the accomplices in the killing of high-ranking IRA member John Francis Green outside Castleblaney in the Irish Republic on 10 January 1975. Green was shot six times in the head at close range by a group of gunmen who had burst through the front door of the "safe" house where he was staying; the UVF later claimed responsibility for the attack in the June 1975 edition of their journal "Combat". Weir claimed that Robert Nairac also took part in Green's shooting with the following statement:"The men who did that shooting were Robert McConnell, Robin Jackson, and I would be almost certain, Harris Boyle who was killed in the Miami attack. What I am absolutely certain of is that Robert McConnell, Robert McConnell knew that area really, really well. Robin Jackson was with him. I was later told that Nairac was with them. I was told by...a UVF man, he was very close to Jackson and operated with him. Jackson told that Nairac was with them.
Altnamachin and Silverbridge attacks.
On 24 August 1975, McConnell was alleged by Weir to have been part of a UVF group that ambushed two Gaelic football supporters at a bogus vehicle checkpoint set up in the Cortamlet Road at the townland of Altnamachin, near Tullyvallen close to the Irish Republic border. At about 11.30 pm, Colm McCartney (aged 22) and Sean Farmer (aged 32), both from Derry, were returning home from the Derry versus Dublin All-Ireland semi-final football match at Croke Park in Dublin when the group stopped the car they were travelling in. Upon their discovery that the two men inside were Catholics, the UVF gunmen ordered them out of the car and a short distance away turned their guns on Farmer, killing him instantly. McCartney attempted to escape on foot, but his pursuers caught up with him and he was also fatally gunned down. McCartney and Farmer had been shot four times and six times respectively. McConnell was wearing his British Army uniform at the time the attack occurred. A local resident who had been in the vicinity walking his dog saw the stopped vehicle; he then heard the sounds of gunfire, someone running along the road, a male voice shouting "stop, stop", which was then followed by "wild screaming" and another series of gunshots. He also saw another car drive away from the scene afterwards. Less than an hour before the shootings, a three-man RUC patrol in an unmarked car had been stopped by the same UVF unit after one soldier had waved a red torch in a circular motion indicating that it was a military vehicle checkpoint. Another soldier was lying in a ditch with a rifle. The RUC immediately suspected that it was a bogus checkpoint despite the men having worn full military combat uniforms. After the RUC men were passed through the checkpoint, they requested by radio, clarification as to whether there were any authorised regular Army or UDR checkpoints in the area that night, and received the confirmation that there were none. Although the RUC patrol reported the unauthorised checkpoint to the Army and requested their help in investigating the incident, no action had been taken. The killings were claimed by the Protestant Action Force, one of the cover names used by the Glenanne gang. The fake vehicle checkpoint manned UVF men in full British Army uniform was the same "modus operandi" which the UVF had employed when they waylaid the Miami Showband—a popular Irish cabaret band—the previous month at Buskhill, County Down; however, McConnell was not implicated in that incident.
On 19 December 1975, a car pulled up outside Donnelly's Bar in Silverbridge, County Armagh. Members of the Glenanne gang got out and launched a bomb and machine-gun attack against the pub's patrons, hitting those inside as well as outside the premises. A total of three people were killed, including the proprietor's 14-year-old son, Michael, who was struck in the head by flying shrapnel after one of the gang tossed a bomb inside the pub's interior, shouting: "Happy Christmas, you Fenian bastards". Six other people were seriously injured, including a woman who was shot in the head. Weir named McConnell as having carried out the attack together with RUC SPG Officer Laurence McClure, and several other men. The Pat Finucane Centre commissioned an international panel of inquiry to investigate allegations of collusion between loyalist paramilitaries and the security forces regarding a series of sectarian attacks against the Catholic nationalist and republican community. This panel, headed by Professor Douglass Cassel of Northwestern University School of Law, stated in its report that James Mitchell's housekeeper, Sarah Elizabeth "Lily" Shields, who had provided the gang's getaway car, named McConnell as having been one of the perpetrators. McClure, the driver of the getaway car—a blue Lada—confirmed this. He and Shields had played the part of a "courting couple" inside the car as the attack was being carried out by the other gang members. McClure and Shields were later charged with withholding information in relation to the pub killings. Following the attack, McConnell and some of the others then regrouped at the Glenanne farm. James Mitchell later stated that McConnell had been a visitor to his farmhouse that same evening before and after the Silverbridge incident. McClure claimed that he encountered McConnell several days afterwards, and McConnell had allegedly said to McClure: "That was a good job the other night", which McClure had understood to have been an allusion to Silverbridge. The gang claimed the attack using another of their cover names, the Red Hand Commandos. According to Weir's affidavit, the pub was specifically chosen in retaliation for the killing of an RUC reserve constable who it was believed had been detained at Donnelly's Bar subsequent to his kidnapping by the IRA.
Reavey family shootings.
The Glenanne gang carried out a co-ordinated attack against two Catholic families on 4 January 1976 which left a total of five men dead, and one injured. Robert McConnell purportedly led the first masked UVF unit at Whitecross, County Armagh. The gunmen entered the Reavey home by the key which had been accidentally left in the door and opened fire on three brothers who watching television at the time, killing John and Brian outright, and wounding another, Anthony. The other members of the large family had previously gone out leaving the three brothers on their own. The getaway car on this occasion had been driven by James Mitchell with Lily Shields having accompanied him. Twenty minutes later at Ballydougan, another group led by Robin Jackson broke into the O'Dowd home killing three family members. Before succumbing to a brain hemorrhage shortly afterwards on 30 January, 17-year-old Anthony Reavey had given a description of the leading gunman which was said to have fit that of McConnell. The man Anthony Reavey had described was 5"11, aged about 25 or 26, wearing a black woollen balaclava hood, green anorak, and dark trousers; he was carrying a submachine gun. Ballistics tests show that the Sterling submachine gun used in the Reavey shootings was the same as that used in the Donnelly's Bar attack at Silverbridge.
The Reavey and O'Dowd killings provoked the South Armagh Republican Action Force to retaliate the following evening by shooting ten Protestant workmen to death after ambushing their minibus outside Kingsmill. The Glenanne gang had decided to avenge this attack by killing at least 30 schoolchildren and their teacher at St Lawrence O'Toole Primary School in Belleeks. It was suggested that the gang member who proposed the idea was a UDR officer with ties to British Military Intelligence who was later shot dead by the IRA. McConnell's name, however, was not mentioned in this context. The plan was aborted at the last minute by the UVF's Brigade Staff (Belfast leadership), who deemed it "morally unacceptable" and feared such an attack against small children would lead to a civil war.
McConnell was later accused by Weir of planting a car bomb that blew up outside the Three Star Inn, a pub in Castleblaney's main street, which killed one man, Patrick Mone on 7 March 1976. The explosives used had been stored at the Glenanne farm.
Death.
McConnell was shot dead by the IRA, who waylaid him in his garden outside his home in Tullyvallen, near Newtownhamilton on 5 April 1976. In November 1977, an IRA volunteer Anthony McCooey was convicted of two counts of murder in respect of McConnell and another UDR soldier, Joseph McCullouch who was stabbed and had his throat cut whilst visiting his farm in Tullyvallen. McCooey was also convicted of driving the gunmen to the Tullyvallen Orange Hall on 1 September 1975 where five civilians were shot dead. The attack was claimed by the South Armagh Republican Action Force, a cover name for the Provisional IRA.
According to author and journalist Joe Tiernan, the hitman in McConnell's killing was Peter Cleary, a Staff Officer in the 1st Battalion of the IRA's South Armagh Brigade. The three-man IRA unit hid in the bushes and when McConnell appeared, Cleary shot him twice in the head. Cleary himself was killed by the SAS 10 days later. McConnell was 32 years old and off-duty at the time of his death. His funeral was attended by NIO representatives of the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland, Merlyn Rees, the UDR's Commander Mervyn McCord and Colonel Commandant John Anderson. At the service, McConnell was summed up as a man who worked "ceaselessly for peace".
Statements made by Weir in his affidavit allege that McConnell had been set up by British Military Intelligence. Packy Reel, a (now deceased) Republican informer from Dorsey, County Armagh, told Weir that Captain Nairac had apprised him of McConnell's involvement in the Donnelly Bar attack. McConnell had been subsequently executed by the IRA after they received confidential information about him from Intelligence who, through Captain Nairac, had attempted to infiltrate the IRA. Tiernan suggested that after Robin Jackson, McConnell was one of the Glenanne gang's leading assassins in 1975 and early 1976, having been directly responsible for many sectarian attacks in South Armagh as well as counties Monaghan and Louth.
McConnell's nephew Brian, who joined Families Acting for Innocent Relatives (FAIR), a Markethill-based group set up to represent the Protestant and Unionist victims of republican violence, admitted that his uncle "liaised" between the UVF and British special forces. FAIR has attracted much criticism due to its listing Robert McConnell as an "innocent" victim of republican violence in light of the multiple sectarian killings he allegedly carried out. However, according to journalist Susan McKay of the "Irish Times", "Robert may have murdered the Reaveys, but to his family he was the man who looked after his sick brother and disabled sister".

</doc>
<doc id="30958309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958309" title="Speed line">
Speed line

Speed line is the art technique which uses streaks to convey the impression of speed. The French artist Ernest Montaut is usually credited with its invention. He used the technique freely in his posters which were produced at a time when auto racing, speedboat racing and aircraft races were in their infancy. The effect is similar to the blur caused by panning in still photography.
Speed lines are frequently used in Japanese manga and anime, of which "Speed Racer" is a classic example.

</doc>
<doc id="30958312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958312" title="Viktor Kolář">
Viktor Kolář

Viktor Kolář (born 7 September 1941) is a Czech photographer, an important exponent of documentary photography. In his works, Kolář focuses mainly on depicting urban life in the Ostrava region.
Biography.
Kolář was born in 1941 in Ostrava. His father, a self-taught filmmaker and photographer, was the owner of a photo studio and photo shop, an important factor in leading young Viktor to photography.
In 1953, he began taking photographs, and soon familiarized himself with the works of renowned photographers, particularly Henri Cartier-Bresson. From 1960 to 1964, he studied at the "Photographic Institute in Ostrava". After that, he taught at an elementary school. From the second half of the 1960s, he decided to devote himself fully to photography. At the same time, he met and befriended the photography theorist Anna Fárová and her husband, painter Libor Fára. In 1964, Kolář presented his works at his first solo exhibition. In October 1968, after the Warsaw Pact invasion of Czechoslovakia, he emigrated to Canada, where he worked as an assistant in the molybdenum mines and as a worker in the nickel smelters in Manitoba. Later he managed to move into photography. From 1971 to 1973, he participated in documenting shopping malls in Montreal, which resulted in an exhibition in the "Optica Gallery", Montreal. In Canada and the USA, Kolář met photographers Michael Semak, William Ewing and Cornell Capa. In 1973, however, he returned to Czechoslovakia through Paris and London. His return to the communist country was questioned by state authorities and Kolář was interrogated by police on several occasions. As a former emigrant (and therefore considered unreliable by the regime), he gradually lost the possibility to work as a photographer. At the time of deep "normalization", he worked as a laborer in Nová Huť Steelworks (formerly named after Klement Gottwald). However, he covertly continued his photographic documentation of the Ostrava region. From 1975 to 1984, he worked as a stage technician at the "Petr Bezruč Theatre". In 1985, he was allowed to devote himself to freelance photography. In 1991, he received the prize of the Mother Jones Foundation in San Francisco. In 1994, after the Velvet Revolution, he began to teach documentary photography at FAMU in Prague, where he was appointed Associate Professor (in 2000). He also travelled and lectured through the USA.
Works.
Viktor Kolář, along with Jindřich Štreit, is considered one of the most important exponents of Czech documentary photography. His works can be found in the collections of the Art Institute of Chicago (Chicago), International Centre of Photography (New York), Maison Européenne de la Photographie (Paris), Musée de l´Photographie (Lausanne), Moravian Gallery (Brno), Museum of Decorative Arts (Prague), Museum Ludwig, (Cologne), Museum of Fine Arts, Houston and Victoria and Albert Museum (London).

</doc>
<doc id="30958320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958320" title="Mamure Castle">
Mamure Castle

Mamure Castle () is a medieval castle in the Anamur District of Mersin Province, Turkey.
Geography.
The castle is on the Mediterranean coast about , on the D400 highway, east of Anamur and west of Mersin.
History.
The castle was built by the rulers of the Armenian Kingdom of Cilicia on the foundations of a fourth-century Roman castle. In 1469, the castle was annexed by the Ottoman Empire. It was subsequently repaired in the 15th, 16th and 18th centuries and a part of the castle was used as a caravansarai.
Architecture.
The castle is surrounded by moat. Its 39 towers and bastions are connected by wide ramparts. The castle has three main courtyards; to the west, the east and the south. The western courtyard contains a small complex of a single minaret mosque and a ruined Turkish bath. The southern courtyard has the remains of a lighthouse.

</doc>
<doc id="30958338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958338" title="Club Deportivo Valle del Chota">
Club Deportivo Valle del Chota

Club Deportivo Valle del Chota is an Ecuadorian professional football club based in Ibarra. It is the current winner of the Segunda Categoría, for which it has gained promotion to the second-level Serie B for the 2011 season.

</doc>
<doc id="30958351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958351" title="Radin Mas Primary School">
Radin Mas Primary School

Radin Mas Primary School is a primary school in Singapore located in Bukit Purmei. The school is operated by the Ministry of Education. The school is founded in 1926 and celebrated its 80th anniversary in 2006. 2 pupils from this school entered the GEP in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="30958369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958369" title="No Sex for Ben">
No Sex for Ben

"No Sex for Ben" is a song by The Rapture from the soundtrack to the video game "Grand Theft Auto IV", and was featured in "Rolling Stone" magazine's tracks of the year for 2008. The track was produced by hip hop producer Timbaland.
Content.
The song is an extended diss track aimed at one Ben Rymer, a DJ formerly of British electroclash band Fat Truckers, and a friend of the band's old bassist Matt Safer. The track aims to be humorously insulting, comparing the DJ at one point to "A poor man's Arthur Baker". According to regular collaborator Ewan Pearson, "It's basically Matty taking the piss out of Ben. I think when Ben first heard it he wasn't quite sure how to take it. Whether to take it as an enormous compliment or a terrible slur. Ben has a very Sheffield sense of humour which means that he takes the piss out of everybody so I think it was just Matty wanting to send a little bit back his way."
Musically, the track is similar to The Rapture's trademark sound, with additional flourishes, such as a human beatbox, coming from producer Timbaland's production.
Release.
The track was released exclusively for the "Grand Theft Auto IV" soundtrack which the song was featured on the in-game radio station Radio Broker, a station featuring bands largely from the New York indie scene. The song is yet to feature on any Rapture album or release. As such, it was a fairly impressive achievement for it to have made number 26 on "Rolling Stone"s "'Top 100 Tracks of 2008" list along with coming in at number 14 on the Triple J Hottest 100 of the same year.
In popular culture.
The track was featured in the first episode of season 3 of "Gossip Girl".

</doc>
<doc id="30958375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958375" title="Parkview Senior School">
Parkview Senior School

Parkview Senior School is a Primary school in Parkview, Gauteng, South Africa. It was founded in 1917.
RCLS.
Every year the RCLS are announced who are the prefects of the school.There are approximately 16 each year (voted by the grade 7 students and the staff) but only grade 7 students can be RCLS.
In 2013 the system was changed and the prefect system has come back.

</doc>
<doc id="30958385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958385" title="Chaetotaxy">
Chaetotaxy

Chaetotaxy is the arrangement of bristles (macrochaetae) on an insect or mite, or taxonomy based on their position and size. For example, it is important in Diptera, in which group it was formalised by Ernst August Girschner. The term chaetotaxy was later proposed by Carl Robert Osten-Sacken.
The chaetotaxy of a fly might include :- acrostichal, dorsocentral, humeral, mesopleural, sternopleural, notopleural, postalar, supraalar and scutellar bristles on the thorax; dorsal, posterodorsal, anterodorsal, ventral, posteroventral and anteroventral bristles on the legs and ocellar, orbital, postvertical, vibrissal, outer vertical and inner vertical bristles on the head.

</doc>
<doc id="30958412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958412" title="Matusiak">
Matusiak

Matusiak is a Polish surname, it may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30958413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958413" title="Sade Vehre Aya Kar">
Sade Vehre Aya Kar

Sade Vehre Aya Kar is a Punjabi Sufi song written by noted Punjabi poet, Baba Bulleh Shah. It garnered exceptional fame when Abida Parveen rendered it in her voice. This song is featured in many of her albums including Baba Bulleh Shah of 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="30958431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958431" title="Cime du Gélas">
Cime du Gélas

Cime du Gélas (Italian: "Monte Gelàs") is a 3,143 m high mountain on the boundary between France (Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region) and Italy (province of Cuneo). It is part of the Maritime Alps.
It is the highest peak of the Mercantour National Park, while on the Italian side it is included in the Maritime Alps Natural Park. Geologically, it is part of the Argentera massif, and is mostly formed by granitoid gneiss. The peak is composed of two smaller ones, divided by a gorge; the highest peak is the northern one, which is topped by a cross built here by priests from Cuneo.
The mountain's name derives from the glaciers which occupy its northern slopes, which have however reduced substantially during the late 20th century.

</doc>
<doc id="30958434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958434" title="Sergei Istomin">
Sergei Istomin

Biography.
Sergei Istomin is a cellist and gambist) living in Belgium. He began his violoncello studies when he was 6 years old at the Gnesin’s School for gifted children in Moscow where he obtained his Bachelor Degree. He completed a Master Degree at the Moscow Tchaikovsky Conservatory in the class of Valentin Feighin. At the Oberlin Conservatory of Music, Sergei continued his post-graduate studies in viola da gamba with Catharina Meints and the Baroque Performance Institute.
Sergei Istomin regularly works with Eterna Symphony Orchestra as principal cellist.
Sergei performs in solo and chamber music concerts and projects including: duos with Viviana Sofronitsky, Jos van Immerseel, Chevallier – fortepiano; trio with Seiler and Jos van Immerseel; Tafelmusik orchestra.
He is also a permanent participant in some festivals around the world such as Beaune, Nantes, van Vlaanderen, Riquier, Aix-en-Provence, Biesen, festival Musica Antiqua Bruges, de Wallonie, Utrecht, Bach Festival, [http://www.kammermusikfest.at/en/festival_2010/Lockenhaus], Schleswig-Holstein and Sopron. His repertoire includes baroque, classical, romantic, and contemporary music.
Now Sergei Istomin, a Russian, French and Canadian musician, lives in Belgium.

</doc>
<doc id="30958440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958440" title="Sphinx sequoiae">
Sphinx sequoiae

The Sequoia Sphinx ("Sphinx sequoiae") is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from Oregon south through California, Nevada, and south-eastern Utah to Arizona and further south into northern Baja California.
The wingspan is 48-68 mm. There are two forms, a dark form (occurring from Oregon to central California) with blue-gray forewings with black dashes and a pale form (occurring in the juniper belt of the rest of the range) which is pale gray with only a faint blue tint.
There is a one generation per year with adults on wing from May to August. They feed on the nectar of various flowers, including "Prunus virginiana var. demissa" and "Aesculus californica".
The larvae feed on "Juniperus californica", "Juniperus osteosperma" and possibly also "Calocedrus decurrens".

</doc>
<doc id="30958445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958445" title="Bellvale, New York">
Bellvale, New York

Bellvale is a wooded hamlet in the town of Warwick in Orange County, New York, United States. Situated in the morning shadow of Bearfort Ridge along New York State Route 17A, Bellvale was the site of an iron forge destroyed by British Army soldiers in 1750; many of its homes and other structures date from before American independence. While close to New York City, its location in the Warwick Valley has prevented suburban development.
History.
Leni Lenape of the "wolf" clan known as Munsees occupied the Warwick Valley before the first Dutch trappers appeared on the Hudson River. Munsees lived in long houses made of sapling staves and layers of collected bark; they raised crops using the Three Sisters form of companion planting and utilized the tall-growth forests and streams for hunting and fishing. The Munsees of the area lived in a long house by the creek they called Wawayanda.
Part of a land patent granted by Queen Anne in 1703, Bellvale was called Wawayanda in colonial times. Settlers were drawn to the area because of the abundant timber, game and water power readily available from Long House Creek, allowing the operation of water wheel-driven mills. Tanneries, sawmills, gristmills and forges have been served by the fast rushing creek since Lawrence Scrawley first built his trip hammer plating and slitting mill in 1745, the only such mill then operating in New York colony. Scrawley hoped Bellvale's remote location would allow him to escape notice of British authorities intent on shutting down the American colonies' nascent iron-working industry. By 1750, the Iron Act was passed in London, the mill was wrecked by the British, and its destruction became of many incidents leading to the American Revolutionary War.
The Iron Act was repealed in 1758, and though Scrawley didn't rebuild his forge, others built a series of water-powered mills and forges along the fast rushing creek, and by the 1775 the iron-working industries of Sterling Forest, Bellvale and Warwick were capable of creating an immense chain to block the Hudson River at West Point during the Revolution. Each link in the chain weighed 150 pounds; the entire length weighed 188 tons. During the war several gristmills were kept employed making flour and meal for local consumption and for the army's use. Sawmills turned the abundant local maples, oaks and hemlocks into usable boards, and textile mills processed woolen cloth for uniforms and blankets. By the early 1800s Bellvale was a thriving village; the new "Continental road" from Warwick to Tuxedo allowed the community's goods to reach markets closer to the Hudson River. But when the new railroads came through the Warwick valley, Bellvale's best manufacturing days were over. The valley, now cleared of tall-growth trees, became fertile farmland. Wheat and corn were planted. Then as now, apple trees were planted, but then mostly for cider production.
Geography.
Bellvale is bisected by New York State Route 17A, though one of its older streets, Pumpkin Hill Road, lies along the path of the historic Tuxedo to Warwick road, improved by Continental Army engineers in 1779. Wooden bridges were constructed across Long House creek for the Tuxedo road and on Iron Forge Road, both later replaced by stone arch bridges, now modern concrete structures. Cascade Road begins at NY17A and follows the creek's cascade south for much of its course upwards towards its sources along the ridgetop lakes and marshes of the Bearfort Ridge; the Cascade Park community lies hidden in these mountains along this road.
Eastward of Bellvale Route 17A's roadway rises steeply, passing an active ski resort below the summit of the steep and ancient ridge. Bellvale flags, Middle Devonian layers of sandstone were first identified by N.H. Darton in 1894 in this area. A hawkwatch tower crowns the peak of Mount Peter and the Appalachian Trail crosses the highway on the east face of Bellvale Mountain to the south and Bearfort Mountain to the north. A local dairy in the valley below provides the milk for an ice cream parlor serving passing AT hikers and motorists. After crossing the ridgeline NY17A descends toward the village of Greenwood Lake, where it turns eastward again toward Sterling Forest.
Northward, Lower Wisner Road, named from a prominent early valley family, forks left at the location of Crawley's destroyed mill; Iron Forge Road passes Iron Forge Inn, a restaurant based in a 1760-built grist mill and the Bellvale United Methodist Church, the location of which has served Bellvale residents as a church home for over since 1853. Westward, NY17A rises and falls on foothill ridges of nearby Mount Warwick, passing historic homes and apple orchards before entering the Village of Warwick.
Climate.
Bellvale is located in the humid subtropical climate zone (Köppen climate classification: "Cfa"), exhibiting four distinct seasons. Its climate is typical of Mid-Atlantic U.S. areas removed from bodies of water. The hamlet is located in plant hardiness zone 6a though much surrounding Orange County varies from 6 to 7, indicating a cool temperate climate. Summers are warm, spring and fall are mild, with low humidity, while winter is cool, with annual snowfall averaging . Average winter lows tend to be around 20 °F (−5 °C) from mid-December to mid-February. Blizzards affect Bellvale most years. The most violent nor'easters typically feature high winds, heavy rains, and occasional snow. These storms often affect large sections of the U.S. East Coast.
The highest recorded temperature was in 1995, while the lowest recorded temperature was in 1994.
Government.
Bellvale is administered as a part of the town of Warwick. Michael Sweeton is the Warwick Town Supervisor, Marjorie Quackenbush is the Town Clerk. Floyd DeAngelo, Leonard DeBuck, Mickey Shuback and James Gerstner serve on the Town Board, Gerstner also serving as Deputy Supervisor.
On the state level, Bellvale is represented in the New York State Assembly by Ann Rabbitt and in the State Senate by David Carlucci. The hamlet is served in the United States House of Representatives by Sean Patrick Maloney and in the Senate by Chuck Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand.
Until recently Bellvale had been served by a post office for over 160 years. Though Congressman John Hall attempted to assist locals in preserving the postal station hosted in a general store, but the USPS abruptly removed all equipment and materials in September 2010. While the hamlet retains the zip code 10912, residents now travel several miles to Greenwood Lake for postal service.
Transportation.
New York State Route 17A serves Bellvale west to Warwick and east to Greenwood Lake and Tuxedo, passing through the mountainous Sterling Forest. Bellvale Lakes Road takes motorists north to Chester and Monroe. Upper and Lower Wisner roads join just before reaching King's Highway New York State Route 94. Cascade Road starts south and takes the traveler high up into an alpine valley, then loops back north toward Warwick after circling Mount Warwick. New Jersey Transit serves the stop in Bellvale with the 196 (express) and 197 (local) bus lines into Port Authority Bus Terminal.
Religion.
Methodist meetings were held in members' homes as early as 1809, circuit preachers visiting the valley from New Windsor. The upper floor of the schoolhouse provided meeting space for several early area Baptist, Reformed Dutch and Methodist congregations for many years and was nicknamed "The Tabernacle." The Methodist congregation resolved to build a church, the cornerstone of which was laid April 27, 1853 and finally dedicated a year later. The church was solidly constructed of timber cut locally and sawed into planks in the mill standing upstream of the new church site.
The wooden building served the community for 86 years, providing the location for the Bellvale Circus, a popular summer entertainment staffed by local residents. The church suffered catastrophic fire damage in early 1940, and was demolished. The current church building began its career in Spring Glen, New York, where the congregation could no longer afford to host the church, and sold it to the Bellvale congregation for one dollar. The chapel was carefully disassembled and the building, pews, stained-glass windows and organ were lovingly reassembled on the repaired foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="30958460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958460" title="Microsoft Reaction Card Method (Desirability Testing)">
Microsoft Reaction Card Method (Desirability Testing)

Developed by Microsoft in 2002 by Joey Benedek and Trish Miner, the Microsoft Reaction Card method is used to check the emotional response and desirability of a design or product. This method is commonly used in the field of software design.
The participant is asked to describe a design / product using any number of the following 118 words:
Each word is placed on a separate card. After viewing a design or product the participant is asked to pick out the words they feel are relevant. The moderator would then ask the participant to describe their rationale for their selection.

</doc>
<doc id="30958474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958474" title="Türkentor">
Türkentor

Türkentor ("Turks' Gate") may refer to one of two buildings in Germany:

</doc>
<doc id="30958480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958480" title="Voorschoten '97">
Voorschoten '97

Voorschoten '97 is a football and athletics club in Voorschoten in South-Holland.
History.
Voorschoten '97 was founded on 1 July 1997 after a fusion of the football clubs: S.V Voorschoten, S.V.L.V and Randstad Sport.
Early History.
V'97 can find its roots in 1925 when Voorschoten got its first official club, V.V.L. on 15 December 1925. Rouwcoop followed in 1932 and they shared De Burgemeester vd Hoeven Sportpark. V.V.L became known as S.V.L.V. Whilst Rouwcoop became Randstad Sport respectively.
Both these clubs would start senior 'Saturday' sides. There was some opposition because S.V.L.V had always been a 'Sunday' playing club.
Im 1974 Randstad Sport moved to Sportpark Adegeest and there became intensive amalgamation talks of the two clubs, however time after time these talks broke down.
The 'Saturday' of Randstad Sport split as S.V Voorschoten in 1982.
In 1993 S.V.L.V were promoted for the first time in their history to the third division of the KNVB.
Amalgamation.
Forced by economic emergencies to bring their strength together, but also encouraged by the council of Voorschoten, the 3 clubs came together in agreement. 
On the first of July 1996 Randstad Sport and S.V.L.V amalgamated. And exactly a year later, on 1 July 1997, S.V Voorschoten joined the party.
After 72-years Voorschoten would finally have a single club once more.
1997 - Onwards.
Roughly 1,500 members and 300 athletes, count towards the green-yellow family.
The club is one of the biggest in the region.
Notably the Voorschoten Club has had a team from professional football visit Sportpark Adegeest: FC Utrecht (1997), ADO Den Haag (1998 en 2003), Feyenoord (1998, 2001, 2003, 2005, 2007 and 2010), NAC Breda (2002), Excelsior (2002) en Willem II (2003).
Next to this, a co-operative relationship has been formed with Feyenoord Rotterdam. Voorschoten '97 and the Rotterdammers regularly play friendly matches. Most famously in 2007 when Feyenoord first showed off its new signings of: Giovanni van Bronckhorst, Roy Makaay, Tim de Cler, Kevin Hofland and Denny Landzaat all unofficially debuting for Feyenoord at Sportpark Adegeest. The match was sold-out quickly by roughly 5,000 fans in attendance. 
In the season of 2009/10 the Districtbeker West II was captured meaning Voorschoten'97 could take part in the Landelijke Beker, for amateurs and the KNVB Beker 2010/11 for professionals. In the Landelijke Beker, Voorschoten was eliminated in the quarterfinals by sv Deurne. Voorschoten '97 managed to reach the 3rd round of the KNVB Beker before being knocked out by vv Noordwijk.
Colours.
The club colours are yellow and green. The shirt has yellow and green stripes, shorts are green whilst the socks are white with green-yellow piping.
Home Ground.
The football teams of Voorschoten '97 have played their home matches since foundation at "Sportpark Adegeest" on 6 Weddeloop, Voorschoten. The sportsground counts 6 full fields and one junior-sized field. In the summer of 2008 three fields were laid with artificial turf. Overseeing the main field is the "John Kriek-tribune", it holds seating for 135 supporters and is named after the former chairman of the Club.
First team.
In the 2010-2011 season, the first Saturday side will play in the "Hoofdklasse A", the second from top level of amateur football. The Sunday 1 side plays in the "Derde klasse" of Dutch amateur Football.
The headtrainer of Zaterdag 1 is Hein van Heek, who in maart 2009 left his position as headtrainer at vv Noordwijk, from Noordwijk. Van Heek trained Voorschoten '97 before he went to Noordwijk in 2005.
Youthteams.
The club counts the following youthteams:
F 14,
E 17,
D 13,
B 7,
A 5

</doc>
<doc id="30958482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958482" title="The Hive (TV show)">
The Hive (TV show)

The Hive is a British CGI animated children's television series broadcast by Playhouse Disney (now Disney Junior), Tiny Pop and CITV in February 2010. The series is of 78 episodes each of 7 minutes and 2 seasons. The show is a joint production of many companies, including DQ Entertainment, Lupus Films, Monumental Productions, Picture Production Company, Hive Enterprises and Bejuba! Entertainment.
Premise and format.
The Hive is a colourful animated series for pre-schoolers featuring the Bee Family. This series is about the everyday things that concern little children such as playing, being friendly, spending time with your family, getting along, and finding out all about the world and how it works.
DVD Releases.
Playtime in Honeybee Hive
Visiting the Doctor With Buzzbee
Let's Get Green
Buzzbee big holiday
Dance Party!

</doc>
<doc id="30958511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958511" title="Sphinx oberthueri">
Sphinx oberthueri

Sphinx oberthueri is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from central and south-western China to northern Thailand.
The larvae feed on "Pinus massoniana" in Yunnan.

</doc>
<doc id="30958513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958513" title="Luboš Hruška">
Luboš Hruška

Luboš Hruška (born 21 July 1987) is a Czech football defender who currently plays for the 1. liga club MFK Zemplín Michalovce. He has played top-level football for Viktoria Žižkov in the Gambrinus liga.

</doc>
<doc id="30958522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958522" title="Jim L. Stewart">
Jim L. Stewart

James L. "Jim" Stewart (16 February 1917 – 31 January 1942) was an Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Stewart could only manage six appearances in his first two league seasons but was a good performer in the reserves, winning the club's reserves "Best and Fairest" in 1939. His efforts that year earned him more regular games in 1940, with 13 games and 10 goals. He then played 16 of North Melbourne's 18 games in 1941 and won their "most consistent player" award. 
Before the 1942 season, Stewart fell seriously ill with appendicitis and died on 31 January following an operation at Royal Melbourne Hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="30958527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958527" title="Zodionini">
Zodionini

Zodionini is a tribe of fly from the family Conopidae.

</doc>
<doc id="30958528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958528" title="Sphinx nogueirai">
Sphinx nogueirai

Sphinx nogueirai is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Sonora in Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="30958535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958535" title="Kurrawang, Western Australia">
Kurrawang, Western Australia

Kurrawang is an abandoned town in Western Australia between Coolgardie and Kalgoorlie just off Great Eastern Highway in the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia.
The town was first established as a railway station in the early 1900s on the Eastern line to Kalgoorlie. The area was also a junction of the timberlines in the region. Firewood companies used the timberlines to collect firewood to provide the heat energy needed by condensers which in turn were used to make potable water from saline water. A progress association was formed following a unanimous decision by the townspeople in 1907 and a committee was elected at the same meeting. The town was gazetted in 1910
The word is Aboriginal in origin but the meaning is unknown. It is thought that it may be related to the bird of the same name.

</doc>
<doc id="30958537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958537" title="Türkentor (Munich)">
Türkentor (Munich)

The Türkentor ("Turks' Gate") is a gatehouse in Munich. It is the only surviving part of the Türkenkaserne barracks, built in 1826 for the Royal Bavarian Infantry Lifeguards Regiment. The gatehouse was named after the Türkenstraße on which it was located, which was in turn named after the Türkengraben channel dug along the Kurfürstenstraße by Turkish prisoners of war during the German states' 18th century wars with the Ottoman Empire to provide a waterway as part of the North Munich Canal System ("Nordmünchner Kanalsystem") linking the Munich Residenz with the Schleissheim Palace.
Between 2008 and 2010 the Türkentor was restored with 780,000 Euros from the Stiftung Pinakothek der Moderne. It reopened in October 2010 and since then has housed the sculpture "Large Red Sphere" by the American artist Walter De Maria, which had been purchased by the Stiftung Brandhorst.--->

</doc>
<doc id="30958563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958563" title="Myopinae">
Myopinae

Myopinae is a subfamily of fly from the family Conopidae.

</doc>
<doc id="30958582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958582" title="Medicarpin">
Medicarpin

Medicarpin is a pterocarpan, a derivative of isoflavonoids.
Natural occurrences.
Medicarpin is found in "Medicago truncatula" and "Swartzia madagascariensis". It can also be found in "Maackia amurensis" cell cultures.
The root nodule formation by "Sinorhizobium meliloti" is apparently dependent on the flavonoids pathway.
Metabolism.
Pterocarpin synthase has 3 substrates : medicarpin, NADP+ and H2O, and 3 products : vestitone, NADPH and H+.

</doc>
<doc id="30958594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958594" title="Sicini">
Sicini

Sicini is a tribe of fly from the family Conopidae.

</doc>
<doc id="30958615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958615" title="Social Alliance (Poland)">
Social Alliance (Poland)

The Social Alliance was an electoral coalition created for the 1998 Polish local elections. Formed on 27 June 1998, the Social Alliance included the Polish People's Party along with its smaller left-oriented party partners, such as the Labour Union, the National Party of Retirees and Pensioners and the Self-Defence of the Republic of Poland. 
The coalition obtained 89 seats in provincial voivodeship sejmiks and 4,583 powiat and gmina councillor seats. However, the coalition was short lived, dissolving by the next local elections in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="30958616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958616" title="Black &amp; White (TV series)">
Black &amp; White (TV series)

Black & White () is a 2009 Taiwanese Drama starring Vic Chou, Mark Chao, Ivy Chen, Janine Chang. It was produced by Prajna Works and directed by Cai Yuexun (蔡岳勳) with location filming in Kaohsiung, Taiwan.
The series was first broadcast in Taiwan on free-to-air Public Television Service (PTS) (公視) from 11 April 2009 to 27 June 2009, every Saturday at 21:00 to 22:55 and satellite TV channel TVBS Joy Channel from 18 April 2009 to 3 July 2009, every Friday at 22:00 – 00:00.
The drama was nominated in 2009 for 11 awards at the 44th Golden Bell Awards, Taiwan. It won 5 awards: Best Television Series, Best Leading Actor in a Television Series for Mark Chao, Best Directing for a Television Series for Cai Yuexun, Best Art and Design for a Television Series and Best Marketing Programme.
On February 2013, Malaysia's government-owned television station TV2 began to broadcast the series every Monday to Thursday at 18:00 - 19:00.
Awards.
2009 - 44th Golden Bell Awards (金鐘獎), Taiwan.

</doc>
<doc id="30958622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958622" title="Service Desk Institute">
Service Desk Institute

The Service Desk Institute, founded in 1988, is a worldwide professional organisation for those working in the IT service and support industry. SDI delivers information to help improve the knowledge of help desk professionals through IT support training, community based forums and event-based services. Their stated goals are to help individuals improve their knowledge and skills to enhance the careers of IT service professionals. 
Background.
SDI was first named The Help Desk User Group and was founded by Howard Kendall. The company later became known as the Help Desk Institute. In 2008 the company undertook a re-branding exercise and on 9 April 2008 changed its name to The Service Desk Institute. 
References.
Download SDI's Standards for Service Desks and for IT Service professionals
SDI's Free Online Service Desk Assessment
Service Desk Certification, A Pocket Guide 
IT Service Buyer's Guide
IT Service & Support Awards
The SDI Service Desk Benchmarking Trends Report
SDI's online TV news channel itsmTV
Future IT Service Trends: The Service Desk in 2017 & Beyond
SDI Events Calendar: Inspiring one-day events for IT service professionals who want to improve their service desk
Service Desk Analyst Qualification
Service Desk Manager Qualification

</doc>
<doc id="30958630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958630" title="Domkal (community development block)">
Domkal (community development block)

Domkal (community development block) is an administrative division in Domkol subdivision of Murshidabad district in the Indian state of West Bengal. Domkal police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is at Domkal.
Geography.
Domkal is located at 
Domkal community development block has an area of 304.27 km2.
Gram panchayats.
Gram panchayats of Domkal block/ panchayat samiti are: Azimganjgola, Bhagirathpur, Dhulauri, Domkal, Garaimari, Ghoramara, Goribpur, Jitpur, Juginda, Juranpur, Madhurkul, Raipur and Sarangpur.
Demographics.
As per 2001 census, Domkal block has a total population of 311,683, out of which 160,562 were males and 151,121 were females. Domkal block registered a population growth of 23.03 per cent during the 1991-2001 decade. Decadal growth for the district was 23.70 per cent. Decadal growth in West Bengal was 17.84 per cent.
Healthcare.
Domkal block is one of the areas where ground water is affected by arsenic contamination.

</doc>
<doc id="30958660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958660" title="Myopini">
Myopini

Myopini is a tribe of fly from the family Conopidae.

</doc>
<doc id="30958668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958668" title="5th Tank Group (United States)">
5th Tank Group (United States)

The 5th Tank Group was an all-black segregated armored formation that served in World War II.
It was composed of the 758th Tank Battalion (Light), 761st Tank Battalion (Medium) and 784th Tank Battalion (Medium). 
It was to be commanded by Colonel LeRoy Nichols. However, the component battalions were separated and reassigned to different divisions to meet manpower demands. The formation existed as a "paper" headquarters at Camp Claiborne, Louisiana.

</doc>
<doc id="30958680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958680" title="Kurinji College of Engineering and Technology">
Kurinji College of Engineering and Technology

Kurinji College of Engineering and Technology is a College of Engineering that is located in Kurungi Nagar, Manapparai, Tiruchirappalli.
Affiliations.
This college is currently affiliated with Anna University Chennai.

</doc>
<doc id="30958693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958693" title="Hussein Sadiq al Musrati">
Hussein Sadiq al Musrati

Hussein Sadiq al Musrati () is the former Libyan ambassador to China.
On 20 February 2011, during a live on-air interview with Al Jazeera about the 2011 Libyan civil war, al Musrati resigned in support of the protesters.

</doc>
<doc id="30958697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958697" title="Türkentor (Helmstedt)">
Türkentor (Helmstedt)

The Türkentor ("Turks' Gate") is a triumphal arch and gateway in Helmstedt in Lower Saxony in Germany. The main entrance to the former St. Ludger's Abbey and a gateway to the Domänenhof, the arch was built in 1716 to celebrate the victory over the Ottomans by Prince Eugene of Savoy at the Battle of Petrovaradin earlier that year, in which Ferdinand Albert II, Duke of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel and Johann Matthias von der Schulenburg had also been instrumental. Originally sited in line with the Taubenhaus on what is now Bundesstraße 1, it was severely damaged by bombing in the Second World War and resited to its present location in 1986.
The main pediment bears the arms of the Habsburg emperor and the side-arches bear the arms of the abbey's abbot and prior, who had the arch built in celebration of the victory, of family connections to the House of Brunswick and of links between the abbey and the emperor. The architrave also bears the Roman numerals for the year 1716 and above the double pilasters on either side are a sun (symbol of the Habsburg Empire) and a crescent moon (symbol of the Ottoman Empire).

</doc>
<doc id="30958708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958708" title="John Dale (cricketer)">
John Dale (cricketer)

John William Dale (21 June 1848 – 26 June 1895) was an English rower and cricketer who played for Cambridge University from 1868 to 1870, for MCC from 1869 to 1882 and for Middlesex from 1874 to 1878. 
Dale was born at Lincoln, the son of Thurston Dale, a solicitor. He was educated at Tonbridge School and was in the Tonbridge School cricket team from 1863 to 1866. He was admitted at St John's College, Cambridge on 12 July 1866. He played cricket for Lincolnshire in 1867 and 1868. At Cambridge he played cricket for Cambridge University and was in the winning side in the Varsity match in 1868. In 1869, he rowed in the Cambridge eight stroked by J H D Goldie in the Boat Race. He also played for Cambridge again in a win in the Varsity cricket match. In 1870 he rowed for Cambridge with Goldie again in the Boat Race when Cambridge won. In the Varsity cricket match in 1870 he scored 15 and 67 and his partnership with William Yardley in the second innings turned the game and Frank Cobden's hat-trick on the last three balls won the match for Cambridge by two runs. Over the years Dale played many matches for MCC, and Gentlemen's and North of England teams. In 1870 he also played for the Gentlemen against the Players at Lords and at the Oval when he scored 55 in a 164 run partnership with W. G. Grace. Dale was awarded BA in 1870.
In 1872, Dale joined the firm of Edmund James Smith, Land Agent to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England, in the North of England. He made a century playing for MCC against Cambridge University in 1872. In 1874 he made his debut playing for Middlesex and played seven county matches by 1878. He also played many games for various clubs over these years. 
Dale was a right-handed batsman who played 98 innings in 56 first class matches with an average of 16.92 and a top score of 132. His style of batting was described as "extremely finished and elegant". He was a right-arm round arm fast bowler and took 6 first class wickets at an average of 29.00 and a best performance of 2 for 16.
Dale became a salaried partner in his firm in 1879. He enjoyed country sports and hunted with most of the best packs and was a first-rate fisherman.
Dale died at 1 Upper George Street, Westminster aged 47 from an attack of pneumonia following influenza.

</doc>
<doc id="30958710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958710" title="Cloak of Conscience">
Cloak of Conscience

The Cloak of Conscience is a sculpture by Anna Chromý carved from a single block of white marble excavated from the Michelangelo Quarry in Carrara, Italy. It represents her largest work of art since Chromy turned to sculpture from surrealist oil paintings in 1992. As a result of her work on The Cloak, Chromy was the first woman to be awarded the Premio Michelangelo, the annual award for sculpture, in 2008.
Dimensions.
From the original 250 tonne block, the final sculpture of The Cloak weighs 45 tonnes and features a hollow space in the centre large enough to accommodate two adults standing. The entrance is at the front where one fold of the cloak overlaps the other. The Cloak is 470 cm high on its plinth. By comparison, Michelangelo's David is 517 cm and the height of an average adult male is 180 cm.
History and versions.
The Cloak of Conscience is the culmination of numerous depictions of a faceless figure hooded and shrouded in cloth. The first appeared in Chromy's painting 'To Be Or Not To Be', in 1980, which in turn had been inspired by the play 'Everyman' by Hugo von Hofmannsthal and Don Giovanni by Mozart. In previous iterations, the Cloak has been given other names. In Salzburg, by the Cathedral, it is Pietà, in Prague outside the opera house where Mozart first performed Don Giovanni, it is 'commendatore'; On the north German island of Sylt, where it sits outside the 13th century St. Severin church at Keitum, it is called the Coat of Conscience, as it is at The Royal Palace in Monaco. Here it is placed in the garden where Grace Kelly, as Princess Grace of Monaco, went to read in the afternoon. Andrea Bocelli, the Italian tenor, has a smaller replica in his Forte dei Marmi home, other private owners of small Cloaks include Pope Benedict XVI, the Ferragamo family in Florence and the Ferrero family in Alba
Following Anna Chromy's presentation of the "Heart of the World" sculpture to Pope John Paul II in 2002, in recognition for his role as protector of peace in the world, she also gave a small version of the Cloak in bronze. Shortly afterwards she was approached by The Abbot of the Holy Convent and Papal Basilica San Francesco in Assisi. He wanted to know if she could build the Cloak as a place of spirituality and meditation, following the teaching of St. Francis who considered one's own body or cloak to be a cell in which to find the deepest dimensions of the self. The first brochure, printed to assist creation of the Cloak, had a foreword from John Paul II: “Violence never again! War never again! Terrorism never again! In the name of God, may every religion bring upon earth Justice and Peace, Forgiveness and Life, LOVE!”. So begun, in 2005, the search for a block of marble large enough to accommodate people in prayer inside it. It was found on 24 December 2005 in the Michelangelo Quarry, Carrara.
Excavation and transportation.
The Cloak of Conscience is carved from the same pure-white Carrara marble favoured by Roman and Renaissance sculptors. The robust and aesthetic quality of this variety of marble results from the method by which it has been subjected to heat and pressure over millions of years beneath the Earth's surface. This has caused its metamorphosis from limestone or dolomite rock to a material composed from an interlocking mosaic of calcium carbonite crystals. Typically marble obtains its colour and patterns from the presence of mineral impurities such as clay, silt, sand, iron, oxides or chert, any of which might have been present in granular form inside the original limestone. The pure-white variety, found in the Michelangelo quarry at Carrara, results from a complete absence of such impurities in the limestone from which it originated.
At 250 tonnes, the original block of marble had its centre drilled out in the Michelangelo quarry to reduce its weight as far as possible for transportation down the steep winding road to the Michelangelo Studio, Carrara. This in itself was a feat of logistics and required careful planning and patience to ensure it reached the studio safely.
Style.
The scale of Chromy's Cloak of Conscience, and the whiteness of the Carrara marble recalls the art of Bernini (1598–1680): flesh and cloth rendered as stone - the very opposite of its natural material qualities. This has also been referred to as the 'art of petrifaction', recalling Ovid's story of how the animism and 'diverse attitudes' of some marble sculptures can be such that they could be mistaken for real persons, which is a reverse operation in addressing the traditional ambiguity of sculpture.
The apparent aim of Baroque sculptors such as Bernini was to achieve the possibility for marble to appear as both solid and translucent, and to imply a plasticity and weightlessness that is radically at odds with its material quality. Michelangelo too, was masterful at creating the impression of flesh from marble, as seen in his David. However Chromy references this tradition with an inversion of the illusion of stone as flesh. First of all there is no positive analogue of the human body with which we can engage in the view of soft tissue, which almost always demands at least partial nudity. 
Instead the work is dominated by the folds of cloth and the absent volume of a body, which implies weight — so much weight in fact that we can call this a building (or an architectural sculpture) even a 'chapel', and as such it perhaps has more in common with the use of marble in architecture than in sculpture.
In contrast to Rachel Whiteread's procedure of making positive volumes out of negative space, Chromy constructs a negative space out of a solid volume: the human body. The marble therefore becomes a material of strength, a structural material, rather than one that engages in the illusion of weightlessness — in this way it is a different approach to Chromy's works in bronze which, like the sculptures of Ancient Greece, appear to defy gravitational forces by capturing the dynamism of the human body, many of which can be seen in the National Archaeological Museum of Athens, which contains the richest collection of artifacts from Greek antiquity worldwide.
It is outside this museum that one of the Cloak's repicas, a 'Coat of Peace' was placed following Anna Chromy's exhibition there "Antique Myths" in 2007, at which many of her bronze sculptures were displayed, such as Sysiphus (2003).
Inspiration.
When asked about her inspiration for The Cloak of Conscience, Anna Chromy quoted Albert Einstein: ""The most beautiful experience we can have is the mysterious. It is the fundamental emotion that stands at the cradle of true art and true science..."". Chromy tells us her vision, as she set to work on the Cloak, was to create something from 'shining white marble' which is "the physical image of Harmony: harmony between Man, Nature and all Created".
"A Cloak For The World".
To commemorate completion of The Cloak of Conscience following 5 years of work, Anna Chromy released "A Cloak For The World", a replicable artwork which depicts The Cloak of Conscience dressed in the national flags of 200 countries of the world. This artwork was released in November 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="30958715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958715" title="M.A.M. College of Engineering">
M.A.M. College of Engineering

M.A.M College of Engineering and Technology is a College of Engineering that is located in Siruganur, Tiruchirappalli.
Affiliations.
This college is currently affiliated with Anna University of Technology, Tiruchirappalli.

</doc>
<doc id="30958717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958717" title="Zyra e Regjistrimit të Pasurive të Paluajtshme">
Zyra e Regjistrimit të Pasurive të Paluajtshme

Zyra e Regjistrimit të Pasurive të Paluajtshme () is the Albanian institute of Albania.
Task.
The object of the office real estate is recording is registration of property titles and other real rights to immovable property based on legal documents that prove ownership of immovable property, as well as preparation, maintenance and management real estate records, maps indicative of registration and documentation evidencing the ownership and other real rights over immovable property.

</doc>
<doc id="30958720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958720" title="Amplitude panning">
Amplitude panning

Amplitude Panning is a technique in sound engineering where the same sound signal is applied to a number of loudspeakers in different directions equidistant from the listener. Then, a virtual source appears to a direction that is dependent on amplitudes of the loudspeakers. The direction may not coincide with any physical sound source. Most typically amplitude panning has been used with stereophonic loudspeaker setup. However, it is increasingly used to position virtual sources to arbitrary loudspeaker setups.
History.
First invented by Blumlein in early 1930s, original stereophony was a system that converts the phase difference of the signals recorded by a pair of microphones to the amplitude difference of in-phase input signals to two loudspeakers.
Operation.
Assuming free field sound propagation, it has been shown that the sound field presented by these two transducers can deliver an appropriate phase difference between the positions of listener’s ears at low frequencies, where the relation between the position of phantom image and the corresponding amplitude ratio may be summarized by the so-called ‘sine law’ (similarly, thetangent law). 
The system was designed to work approximately below 1 kHz, above which the given phase difference becomes ambiguous, and so does the position of the sound image. However, it was suggested that the localisation at relatively high frequencies may take advantage of the interaural level difference resulting from the head-shadowing effect.
For the frontal standard configuration, the relation between the inter-channel level difference and the perceived image position has been investigated in many studies, where the target positions were found to be slightly overestimated in many cases. Similar listening tests were also carried out for some asymmetrical lateral configurations, and the results showed that the amplitude-panning method is not as efficient in presenting images to listener’s side as it is to the front.

</doc>
<doc id="30958724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958724" title="Türkenkaserne">
Türkenkaserne

The Türkenkaserne (or "Neue Infanteriekaserne am Türkengraben und Prinz-Arnulf-Kaserne") was a Bavarian Army barracks in the Maxvorstadt district of the German city of Munich.
History.
1826 to 1918.
The barracks were occupied by the Royal Bavarian Infantry Lifeguards Regiment until 1918, and then by the 2nd "Kronprinz" Line Infantry Regiment. From the 1890s onwards two other regiments were billeted in the new barracks. Another wing was added in 1872-73, followed by an "Exerzierhaus" or gymnasium in 1886. On the 1918 Revolution soldiers closed down the barracks under orders from Kurt Eisner.
1918 and demolition.
The Bavarian State Police took over the barracks in 1920, but they returned to military use under Nazi rule. Partially destroyed by bombing in the Second World War, they were used in the postwar period for housing and businesses. The complex was later almost completely demolished, leaving only the Türkentor. The Pinakothek der Moderne, Museum Brandhorst and the Mineralogische Staatssammlung now stand on the barracks' former site.

</doc>
<doc id="30958733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958733" title="Vivekanandha College of Engineering for Women">
Vivekanandha College of Engineering for Women

Vivekanadaa College of Engineering for Women is a College of Engineering that is located in Elayampalayam, Tiruchengode
Affiliations.
This college is currently affiliated with Anna University of Technology, Coimbatore.

</doc>
<doc id="30958736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958736" title="University System of Taipei">
University System of Taipei

The University System of Taipei (USTP, 臺北聯合大學系統) is a university alliance in Taiwan. Its constituents are:

</doc>
<doc id="30958748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958748" title="Museum Reich der Kristalle">
Museum Reich der Kristalle

The Museum Reich der Kristalle is the publicly accessible part of the Mineralogischen Staatssammlung ("State Mineralogical Collection") of Munich, Germany. Part of the Staatliche Naturwissenschaftliche Sammlungen Bayerns, the Museum is part of the arts-complex on the former site of the Türkenkaserne barracks.

</doc>
<doc id="30958751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958751" title="Juan de Celaya">
Juan de Celaya

Juan de Celaya (Valencia, c.1490 - 6 December 1558) was a Spanish mathematician, physicist, cosmologist, philosopher and theologian. He was a member of the so called Calculators, using ideas from Merton College. He is known for his work on motion (in kinetics and dynamics) and in logic.
Life.
The son of a minor gentleman who participated in the Reconquest of Granada, he probably studied at the University of Valencia, ending his studies in 1509 at the Collège de Montaigu , Paris. During his studies he was a student of the Nominalist Jean Gaspar Lax and of Dullaert of Ghent, who exerted considerable influence on the ideas and works Celaya would write.
He taught Physics and Logic in the College of Coqueret from 1510 to 1515, along with Alvaro Thomaz (who was interested in physics, in particular in the study of dynamics) and the Scot Robert Caubraith (sic). From 1515 to 1524 he taught at the Collège Sainte-Barbe. Among his students were Francisco de Vitoria, Francisco de Soto (who later changed its name to Domingo de Soto) and Juan Ribeyro.
He continued his theological studies, graduating on March 24, 1522 and achieving his doctorate on 21 June 1522. In 1524 he returned to his native city, and a year later became Principal and Professor of Theology at the University of Valencia, where he played an important role in the reforming the structure of studies.
Works.
During his time in France, Celaya was a prolific writer, dealing mainly with the physics of Aristotle, in particular the study of motion. He also published numerous works on philosophy and logic. He was one of the main promoters of nominalist logic and the Oxford Calculators ideas about Dynamics and Kinematics.
Some of his most important works are:

</doc>
<doc id="30958754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958754" title="Conops ceriaeformis">
Conops ceriaeformis

Conops ceriaeformis is a species of fly from the genus "Conops" in the family Conopidae. Their larvae are endoparasites of bees and wasps. The fly is scarce in the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="30958765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958765" title="Kosmos 47">
Kosmos 47

Kosmos 47 ( meaning "Cosmos 47") is the designation of an unmanned test-flight of a prototype Soviet Voskhod spacecraft, the first multiple-occupant spacecraft. Launched on the 6 October 1964, the successful flight paved the way for the first manned mission, Voskhod 1, which occurred just 6 days later on the 12 October.
The spacecraft was one of many designated under the Kosmos system, which is applied to a wide variety of spacecraft of different designs and functions including test flights of manned vehicles.
Launch.
The launch took place on 6 October at 07:12 UTC from Gagarin's Start (LC1) at Baikonur Cosmodrome on board a Voskhod rocket. Testing of all the spacecraft's systems occurred in the space of 24 hours. The landing took place on 7 October 1964 at around 07:30 UTC.

</doc>
<doc id="30958768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958768" title="Conops vesicularis">
Conops vesicularis

Conops vesicularis is a species of fly from the genus "Conops" in the family Conopidae. Their larvae are endoparasites of bees and wasps. 

</doc>
<doc id="30958780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958780" title="SYED AMMAL Engineering College">
SYED AMMAL Engineering College

SYED AMMAL Engineering College is a College of Engineering that is located in Ramanathapuram,Tamil Nadu.
Affiliations.
This college is currently affiliated with Anna University of Technology, Tiruchirappalli

</doc>
<doc id="30958796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958796" title="Rothschildia">
Rothschildia

Rothschildia is a genus of moths in the Saturniidae family.
Species are found in North America and South America from the USA to Argentina. 

</doc>
<doc id="30958813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958813" title="Gudem">
Gudem

Gudem () may refer to a small village:

</doc>
<doc id="30958827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958827" title="Physocephalini">
Physocephalini

Physocephalini is a tribe of fly from the family Conopidae.

</doc>
<doc id="30958831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958831" title="Prospero Gallinari">
Prospero Gallinari

Prospero Gallinari (1 January 1951 – 14 January 2013), also known as "Gallo" (i.e. "rooster"), was an Italian terrorist, a member of the Red Brigades in the 1970s and 1980s.
Biography.
Gallinari was born in Reggio Emilia into a farming family of Communist tradition in 1951. At a very young age, he entered the Federazione Giovanile Comunista Italiana, in which he remained until the late 1960s. He emigrated to Milan, leaving his hometown.
Militant activities.
In 1969, together with Alberto Franceschini and other former Communists militants, Gallinari decided to pursue armed terrorism. After a short period as a member of the Superclan (a mostly unknown organization formed by Corrado Simioni, who was later accused to be the political mastermind of the Red Brigades, or BR, during Mario Moretti's leadership), he became a member of the Red Brigades, initially as an external collaborator, then as a full clandestine member (1973-1974).
In 1974 he took part in the kidnapping of judge Mario Sossi and was later arrested in Turin, together with Alfred Bonavita. In 1976 he escaped from the prison of Treviso. He then belonged to the Roman "column" of the BR, and had a relevant role in the kidnapping of Aldo Moro, a Christian Democratic former prime minister of Italy (March 1978). Gallinari was one of the killers who ambushed the politician's car in Via Fani in Rome, assassinating three of the policemen who were part of Moro's armed escort. After Moro's kidnapping, Gallinari became a member of the executive committee of the BR. Moro was subsequently killed in obscure circumstances in the following May.
Arrest.
Gallinari was arrested on 24 September 1979 while changing number plates on cars which would be used in a Red Brigade action. He was shot twice by the Italian police before he was arrested and underwent a five-hour emergency operation. Initially, he was convicted of killing Moro. However, later it was learned that not Gallinari but Maccari had killed Moro. According to the official trial reconstructions, Gallinari was present in the BR hideout in Rome where Moro was detained for 55 days, along with Moretti, Anna Laura Braghetti and Germano Maccari. During his detainment, Gallinari was one of the few BR terrorists who did not collaborate with the Italian justice. Instead, he continued to have contacts with the organization's free members and indirectly participated to their political debates.
Semi-liberty regime.
In October 1988, after most of the organization's members had been arrested, he co-signed a document with several other arrested Red Brigades terrorists confirming their belief in their creed. Due to health concerns (connected to the wounds he received during his arrest in 1979), Gallinari was allowed to spend certain periods of time outside the prison walls. In March 2006, he published an autobiographical book (entitled "Un contadino nella Metropoli", "A countryman in the Metropolis"), providing his own version of the Red Brigades' deeds.
Death.
On the morning of 14 January 2013, Gallinari was found in the garage of his home in Reggio Emilia and was brought to a hospital, where he was pronounced dead.

</doc>
<doc id="30958836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958836" title="Ally Condie">
Ally Condie

Ally Condie is an American novelist. She is the author of "New York Times" bestseller "Matched" which was published by Dutton (Penguin) on November 29, 2010. It is the first book of a trilogy, followed by "Crossed", published on November 1, 2011, and "Reached", published on November 14, 2012.
Matched Trilogy.
"Matched" was published by Dutton (Penguin) in November 2010. It is the first book in the series. The second book, "Crossed", was published in November 2011, the third novel, "Reached", was published November 2012 and is the last of the trilogy.
The novel has been optioned to the Walt Disney Company, and foreign rights have been sold to 30 countries. In February 2011 it reached #9 in Children's Chapter Books in the New York Times bestseller list.
Personal life.
Condie went to Brigham Young University and has a degree in English Teaching. She taught high school English in Utah and in upstate New York. She lives with her husband and three children outside of Salt Lake City, Utah. She has 3 siblings 1 brother named Nic and 2 sisters, Elaine and Hope.
Bibliography.
Yearbook Trilogy
Matched Trilogy
Standalone books

</doc>
<doc id="30958837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958837" title="M.P Nachimuthuu M.Jaganathan Engineering College">
M.P Nachimuthuu M.Jaganathan Engineering College

M.P Nachimuthuu M.Jaganathan Engineering College is a college of engineering located in Chennimalai, Erode district, Tamil Nadu, India.
Affiliations.
This college is currently affiliated with Anna University of Technology, Coimbatore.

</doc>
<doc id="30958843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958843" title="Ford Supervan">
Ford Supervan

The Ford Transit Supervans were a series of promotional vehicles built for the Ford Motor Company in the UK. They combined the outline and appearance of the popular Ford Transit van with the chassis and performance of a sports racing car.
"Supervan".
The "Supervan" first appeared at the Easter 1971 meeting at Brands Hatch. A GT40 chassis and its mid-engined 400 bhp Ford V8 gave a standard pressed-steel Mark 1 Transit bodyshell a claimed top speed of around 150 mph. The vehicle had been built for Ford by Terry Drury Racing. Externally the van appeared very like a standard Transit, in Ford's racing livery of white with low horizontal triple blue stripes. The wheel arches were flared to almost cover the wider wheels, but this was barely more noticeable than the extensions fitted to the production long-wheelbase Transit. Aerodynamics of the high-mounted bodyshell were crude though, and although the van was usually demonstrated with drag starts, body lift limited its top speed on a track.
In 1978 the Transit was redesigned as the Mark 2, with quite different looks. Supervan's appearance now looked dated and no longer suitable for promoting the 'New' Transit.
"Supervan 2".
In 1984 a new "Supervan 2" was constructed. The bodyshell was a fibreglass replica of the Mark 2 Transit, although slightly lowered and fitted with a front airdam, large side air inlets and a high-mounted rear spoiler. The chassis was a Ford C100 Group C car, fitted with a Cosworth DFL engine. It was built by Auto Racing Technology of Woolaston. Supervan 2's debut was at Donington Park for the first British truck racing Grand Prix. During tests at Silverstone, it was timed at 174 mph.
"Supervan 2"'s promotional lifespan was even shorter than the first "Supervan". Just over a year later, the Mark 3 Transit was released, with a very different outline. "Supervan 2" retired to the Leyland Motors museum.
"Supervan 3".
In 1994, to promote the new Mark 5 Transit, "Supervan 2" was rebuilt as "Supervan 3". This was the first time that Supervan had been used to promote a new model, rather than a model already nearing its end of life. A seven-eighths scale reduced replica of the new bodyshell was fitted, together with a new engine, a Cosworth HB. The work was carried out by DRL Engineering of Suffolk. This version also had the longest promotional lifespan, appearing in public until 2001. With several liveries in Ford's blue and white over the years, its final appearance was in Royal Mail red, celebrating Ford's new contract to supply their vans, taking over from a long arrangement with Leyland DAF Vans.
In 2004 a refurbishment was announced. The engine was replaced with a more practical Ford-Cosworth Pro Sports 3000 V6 engine, and the 1984 Ford Motorsport blue and white livery was restored. This work was carried out by Sporting and Historic Car Engineers of Bicester.
In 2007 it was suggested that Supervan 3's chassis might be rebuilt into a C100 and used for historic sports car racing.

</doc>
<doc id="30958846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958846" title="Conopinae">
Conopinae

Conopinae is a subfamily of fly from the family Conopidae.

</doc>
<doc id="30958850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958850" title="Toto's Pizza House">
Toto's Pizza House

Toto's Pizza House (Toto's) is the first pizzeria established in Australia. Toto's opened for business on 7 July 1961 in Lygon Street, Carlton, Victoria, where the business has remained since. Toto's was originally owned by Salvatore Della Bruna, who operated the business in partnership with Franco Fera and in 1968 with Silvio Tuli and Salvatore Mercogliano. Successful, and well respected, business man Mario Bandera also played a large part. In 1983 the business was purchased by the present owner and Managing Director, Sami Mazloum.
Silvana Mercogliano, the wife of former owner Salvatore Mercogliano, credited Toto's with changing the image of Lygon Street from an area with primary appeal to European migrants, commonly referred to as New Australians in the 1950s, to an eating destination of mainstream Australians in the 1960s. Professional historians have credited Toto's Pizza House with contributing to the development of pizza as an Australian fast-food staple.
In 2007 Toto's Pizza House was inducted as the second member of the World Pizza Hall of Fame, after Lombardi's Pizza in New York City, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="30958870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958870" title="Banque SYZ">
Banque SYZ

Banque Syz & Co SA is a Swiss private bank member of the SYZ & CO group founded in 1996 by Eric Syz, Alfredo Piacentini et Paolo Luban. 
The SYZ & CO group has specialized in asset management through three lines of business: 
The bank’s headquarters are in Geneva, Switzerland. The Group also has offices in Switzerland in Zurich, Lugano, Locarno and abroad in Bilbao, Milan, Rome, Madrid, Barcelone, London, Luxembourg, Brussels, Paris, Nassau and Hong Kong.
Memberships.
Banque Syz & Co S.A. is member of the following associations :
• Swiss Bankers Association
• Fondation Genève place financière
• Association of Swiss Commercial and Investment Banks
• Swiss Association of Asset Managers 
• Associazione bancaria ticinese

</doc>
<doc id="30958888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958888" title="Me Amarás">
Me Amarás

Me Amarás may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30958890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958890" title="Physocephala nigra">
Physocephala nigra

Physocephala nigra is a species of fly from the genus "Physocephala" in the family Conopidae. Their larvae are endoparasites of bumble bees of the genus "Bombus". 

</doc>
<doc id="30958911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958911" title="Tell Afis">
Tell Afis

Tell Afis is an archaeological site in the Idlib region of northern Syria, and lies about fifty kilometres southeast of Aleppo. The site is thought to be that of ancient Hazrek (or Hazrach; Hatarikka for the Assyrians) capital of Luhuti. Also, this site may have been the ancient Hadrach, mentioned in the Bible.
The Stele of Zakkur, which contains a dedication in Aramaic to the god Iluwer, was discovered here in 1903.
The site has been excavated since 1986 by a joint project from the universities of Rome, Pisa and Bologna, under the direction of Stefania Mazzoni and Serena Maria Cecchini.
The site was reported damaged by encampments during the Syrian civil war.
References.
1. Venturi, F. (2007) "La Siria nell’Età delle Trasformazioni: Nuovi Contributi dallo Scavo di Tell Afis", Cooperativa Libraria Universitaria Editirice Bologna.

</doc>
<doc id="30958932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958932" title="Leopoldius brevirostris">
Leopoldius brevirostris

Leopoldius brevirostris is a species of fly from the genus "Leopoldius" in the family Conopidae. 

</doc>
<doc id="30958941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958941" title="Suvikas">
Suvikas

SuVikas is a browser-based core banking software developed by a Bangalore-based company Coopman Consultancy for Urban Co-Operative Banks, Rural Co-Operative Banks, District Co-Operative banks, State Co-Operative Apex banks, Regional Rural Banks and Credit societies in India and Asia region.
The company was acquired by VSoft Corporation in July 2007. With the acquisition of Coopman Consultancy and its core banking software (SuVikas), VSoft Corporation expanded their customer base to India and Asia. At the time of acquisition, Coopman Consultancy had about 30 Co-Operative Banks, rural banks and credit societies using SuVikas across their various branches.
Supported modules.
As of December 2011, more than 20% of Co-Operative banks, Rural banks and Credit Societies in India use SuVikas core banking solution across their various branches in India. SuVikas core banking solution is also getting deployed in other banks in Asia.
Automation Solution for Primary Agricultural Credit Societies (PACS).
The Government of India, acting on the recommendations of the Vaidyanathan Committee, has allocated over Rs. 600 crores for the revival and computerization of State APEX Banks, DCCBs and PACS across all the states of India. The primary reason for this is to bring all these entities under a common accounting standard and reporting system (CAS). SuVikas from VSoft is considered robust and flexible for total branch automation solution for PACS.
External links.
More about Suvikas Vsoft page

</doc>
<doc id="30958945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958945" title="Gare de Marsac (Dordogne)">
Gare de Marsac (Dordogne)

Marsac is a railway station in Marsac-sur-l'Isle, Aquitaine, France. The station is located on the Coutras - Tulle railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF.
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Marsac:
The station is served by 1 train per day in each direction.

</doc>
<doc id="30958946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958946" title="Leopoldius signatus">
Leopoldius signatus

Leopoldius signatus is a species of fly from the genus "Leopoldius" in the family Conopidae. 

</doc>
<doc id="30958947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958947" title="Run Baby Run (2006 film)">
Run Baby Run (2006 film)

Run Baby Run is a Ghanaian action film directed by Emmanuel Apea and starring John Apea. The film received 8 nominations and won 4 awards at the African Movie Academy Awards in 2008, including the awards for "Best Picture", "Best Director" and "Best Screenplay".
Plot.
Enoch Sarpong Jr., a Ghanaian student living in the UK, is visited by his little sister from Ghana, who had mistakenly picked up the wrong suitcase at the airport. The suitcase contains a huge amount of cocaine. Enoch decides to sell the drugs, however the real owners of the drugs soon meet up with him, chasing him all across the UK and Ghana.

</doc>
<doc id="30958958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958958" title="The Freeman (newspaper)">
The Freeman (newspaper)

The Freeman is a daily newspaper published in Cebu, Philippines, by the "Philippine Star". It was the first newspaper in Cebu, first published in May 1919. The motto of the newspaper is "The fair and fearless".
External links.
The Freeman Newspaper

</doc>
<doc id="30958960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958960" title="Gare de La Cave">
Gare de La Cave

La Cave is a railway station in La Cave, Aquitaine, France. The station is located on the Coutras - Tulle railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF.
Train Services.
The following services currently call at La Cave:
The station is served by 1 train per day in each direction.

</doc>
<doc id="30958968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958968" title="Sicus abdominalis">
Sicus abdominalis

Sicus abdominalis is a species of fly from the genus "Sicus" in the family Conopidae. 

</doc>
<doc id="30958969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958969" title="Gare de Razac">
Gare de Razac

Razac is a railway station in Razac-sur-l'Isle, Aquitaine, France. The station is located on the Coutras - Tulle railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF.
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Razac:
The station is served by 2 trains per day in each direction.

</doc>
<doc id="30958971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958971" title="INOUT">
INOUT

INOUT Magazine is a quarterly food, drink and lifestyle magazine published by Jazz Fashion Publishing Ltd. in Chester. It is a guide for staying in or going out in North West England and North Wales, with a particular focus on food and drink, and is distributed for free through restaurants, hotels, farm shops, spas and other establishments.
History.
The magazine was founded in November 2004 by Giles Cooper as an independently-published guide to restaurants and attractions in Chester and was first published by UK IO Publishing Ltd in Chester. In May 2005, an edition covering the Manchester region was also published alongside the one covering Chester, and in November 2006, a Liverpool edition was published. These three titles were published separately each May and November until May 2009, when it was decided to merge the three titles into a single directory for the North West and North Wales.
In March 2014 INOUT was sold to Jazz Fashion Publishing Ltd.
Content.
INOUT is divided into two general sections: Staying In and Going Out:
Awards.
INOUT Magazine works closely with regional Tourist Boards. In 2008, INOUT sponsored the Visit Chester and Cheshire Tourism Awards, and in 2010, sponsored the Best Self Catering Establishment of the Year division of the Anglesey Tourism Awards.
In 2007, INOUT Magazine was awarded the Weber Shandwick Award for Raising the Image of the Food and Drink Industry at the Food Northwest Awards.
Online Presence.
INOUT launched a website to complement the magazine in 2006, and INOUT's new, improved website is launching in summer 2014.
The magazine has an active presence on Facebook, Twitter and YouTube.

</doc>
<doc id="30958975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958975" title="Jean Elias">
Jean Elias

Jean Elias Peixoto (born December 5, 1969) is a former Brazilian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="30958977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958977" title="Gare de Saint-Astier">
Gare de Saint-Astier

Saint-Astier is a railway station in Saint-Astier, Aquitaine, France. The station is located on the Coutras - Tulle railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF.
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Saint-Astier:

</doc>
<doc id="30958981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958981" title="History of GLONASS">
History of GLONASS

The satellite navigation system GLONASS was conceived in the late 1960s, and formal requirements were completed in 1970. The government of the Soviet Union made a decision to develop the system in 1976. Design work was carried out by specialists led by Vladimir Cheremisin at NPO PM in Krasnoyarsk-26. The first launch took place in 1982. Until its dissolution in 1991, the Soviet Union launched 43 GLONASS-related satellites. Work on the system was continued by the Russian Federation which brought it its full operational capability in 1995. In the following years, the system fell into disrepair due to the economic crisis in the country and diminished space funding. Starting from 2000, the government under President Vladimir Putin made the restoration of GLONASS a top priority; its funding was doubled and after a lull of several years, launches were restarted again. In 2003, a new satellite design, GLONASS-M, was introduced. By early 2011, GLONASS had 22 operational satellites, two short of the required constellation of 24 to provide global coverage. The latest and significantly improved satellite type, GLONASS-K, is set to be launched in February 2011.
1970–1979: Inception and design.
The first satellite-based radio navigation system developed in the Soviet Union was Tsiklon, which had the purpose of providing ballistic missile submarines a method for accurate positioning. 31 Tsiklon satellites were launched between 1967 and 1978. The main problem with the system was that, although highly accurate for stationary or slow-moving ships, it required several hours of observation by the receiving station to fix a position, making it unusable for many navigation purposes and for the guidance of the new generation of ballistic missiles.
From 1968 to 1969, the research institutes of the Ministry of Defence, Academy of Sciences, and Soviet Navy cooperated to develop a single system for navigation of their air, land, sea, and space forces. The requirements of such a system were formulated in a document completed in 1970. Six years later, in December 1976, a plan for developing the system was accepted by the Central Committee of the CPSU and of the Council of Ministers of the USSR in a decree entitled "On Deployment of the Unified Space Navigation System GLONASS."
The task of designing GLONASS was given to a group of young specialists at NPO PM in the city of Krasnoyarsk-26 (today called Zheleznogorsk). Under the leadership of the Vladimir Cheremisin, they developed different proposals, from which the institute's director Grigory Chernyavsky selected the final one. The work was completed in the late 1970s; the system would consist of 24 satellites operating at an altitude of 20,000 km in medium circular orbit. It would be able to promptly fix the receiving station's position based on signals from 4 satellites, and also reveal the object's speed and direction. The satellites would be launched 3 at a time on the heavy-lift Proton rocket. Due to the large number of satellites needed for the program, NPO PM delegated the manufacturing of the satellites to PO Polyot in Omsk, which had better production capabilities.
Originally, GLONASS was designed to have an accuracy of 65 m, but in reality it had an accuracy of 20 m in the civilian signal and 10 m in the military signal. The first generation GLONASS satellites were 7.8 m tall, had a width of 7.2 m, measured across their solar panels, and a mass of 1,260 kg.
1980–1995: Achieving full orbital constellation.
In the early 1980s, NPO PM received the first prototype satellites from PO Polyot for ground tests. Many of the produced parts were of low quality and NPO PM engineers had to perform substantial redesigning, leading to a delay. On 12 October 1982, three satellites, designated Kosmos-1413, Kosmos-1414, and Kosmos-1415 were launched aboard a Proton rocket. As only one GLONASS satellite was ready in time for the launch instead of the expected three, it was decided to launch it along with two mock-ups. The American media reported the event as a launch of one satellite and "two secret objects." For a long time, the Americans could not find out the nature of those "objects". The Telegraph Agency of the Soviet Union (TASS) covered the launch, describing GLONASS as a system "created to determine positioning of civil aviation aircraft, navy transport and fishing-boats of the Soviet Union".
From 1982 through April 1991, the Soviet Union successfully launched a total of 43 GLONASS-related satellites plus five test satellites. When the Soviet Union disintegrated in 1991, twelve functional GLONASS satellites in two planes were operational; enough to allow limited usage of the system (to cover the entire territory of the country, 18 satellites would have been necessary.) The Russian Federation took over control of the constellation and continued its development. In 1993, the system, now consisting of 12 satellites, was formally declared operational and in December 1995, the constellation was finally brought to its optimal status of 24 operational satellites. This brought the precision of GLONASS on-par with the American GPS system, which had achieved full operational capability two years earlier.
1996–1999: Economic crisis and fall into disrepair.
Since the first generation satellites operated for 3 years each, to keep the system at full capacity, two launches per year would have been necessary to maintain the full network of 24 satellites. However, in the financially difficult period of 1989–1999, the space program's funding was cut by 80% and Russia consequently found itself unable to afford this launch rate. After the full complement was achieved in December 1995, there were no further launches until December 1999. As a result, the constellation reached its lowest point of just 6 operational satellites in 2001. As a prelude to demilitarisation, responsibility of the program was transferred from the Ministry of Defence to Russia's civilian space agency Roscosmos.
2000–2007: Renewed efforts and modernization.
In the early 2000s, under Vladimir Putin's presidency, the Russian economy recovered and state finances improved considerably. Putin himself took special interest in GLONASS and the system's restoration was made one of the government's top priorities. 
For this purpose, on August 2001, the Federal Targeted Program "Global Navigation System" 2002–2011 (Government Decision n.587) was launched. The program was given a budget of $420 million and aimed at restoring the full constellation by 2009. The program was divided to three phases. In the first phase, the constellation would be partially restored to 18 satellites and a new satellite type (GLONASS-M) would be introduced. In the second step (2006–2011), the system would be brought to fully operational status with 24 satellites, and another, smaller and more accurate satellite design, GLONASS-K would be introduced.
On 10 December 2003, the second generation satellite design, GLONASS-M, was launched for the first time. It had a slightly larger mass than the baseline GLONASS, standing at 1,415 kg, but it had double the original's lifetime, decreasing the required replacement rate by 50%. The new satellite also had better accuracy and ability to broadcast two extra civilian signals.
In 2006, Defence Minister Sergey Ivanov ordered one of the signals (with an accuracy of 30 m) to be made available to civilian users. Putin, however, was not satisfied with this, and demanded that the whole system should be made fully available to everyone. Consequently, on 18 May 2007, all restrictions were lifted. The accurate, formerly military-only signal with a precision of 10 m, has since then been freely available to civilian users. 
During the middle of the first decade of the 2000s, the Russian economy boomed, resulting in substantial increases in the country's space budget. In 2007, the financing of the GLONASS program was increased considerably. Its budget was almost doubled: while in 2006 the GLONASS had received $181 million from the federal budget, in 2007 the amount was increased to $380 million.
In the end, 140.1 billion rubles ($4.7 billion) were spent on the program 2001–2011, making it Roscosmos' largest project and consuming a third of its 2010 budget of 84.5 billion rubles.
2008–2011: Restoring full capacity.
In June 2008, the system consisted of 16 satellites, 12 of which were fully operational at the time. Roscosmos aimed at having a full constellation of 24 satellites in orbit by 2010.
Promoting commercial use.
Although the GLONASS constellation is nearing global coverage, its commercialisation, especially development of the user segment, has been lacking compared to the American GPS system. For example, the first commercial Russian-made GLONASS navigation device for cars, Glospace-SGK 70, was introduced in 2007, but it was much bigger and more costly than similar GPS receivers. In late 2010, there were only a handful of GLONASS receivers on the market, and few of them were meant for ordinary consumers. To improve the situation, the Russian government has been actively promoting GLONASS for civilian use. 
A protectionistic measure for improving the GLONASS user segment was proposed by Vladimir Evtushenkov main shareholder of JFSC Sistema. In a meeting with Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin, Evtushenkov called for an import ban on all the GPS-capable devices unless these devices support Glonass as well. Evtushenkov claimed that Russian authorities had already started negotiations with major vendors like Nokia, Siemens and Motorola. Vladimir Putin agreed that "It is good that our partners understand our need to protect our national interests and promote our product". According to Russian experts, it was possible that mobile devices like smartphones would be effectively banned as well. Some producers claimed that if additional expenses to add GLONASS were too high, they may consider turning off satnav feature in devices for Russian market to avoid import ban.
Following a December 2006 meeting in Moscow of the GPS-GLONASS Interoperability and Compatibility Working Group (WG-1), it was announced that in the future, GLONASS satellites would transmit a CDMA in addition to the FDMA. This would make GLONASS compatible with GPS, GALILEO and Compass receivers, which also use the CDMA method. A change in the GLONASS system from its current FDMA technique to the GPS and Galileo's format would enable a simply-designed receiver to use multiple satellite systems simultaneously.
On August 11, 2010, Deputy Prime Minister Sergei Ivanov, who is in charge of GLONASS development, called for a 25% import duty on all GPS-capable devices unless they are compatible with GLONASS. The duty is proposed to be implemented from January 2011. Russian government believes this move would "stimulate international interest" in the system.
On October 27, 2010, Sergei Ivanov confirmed a plan to introduce a 25% import duty on all GPS-capable devices, including mobile phones, unless they are compatible with GLONASS. As well, the government is planning to force all car manufacturers in Russia to make cars with GLONASS starting from 2011. This will affect all car makers, including foreign brands like Ford and Toyota, which have car assembling facilities in Russia.
Current GPS and phone baseband chips from major vendors ST-Ericsson, Broadcom CSR and Qualcomm all support GLONASS in combination with GPS. Any import restriction is likely to have little change as most devices shipping worldwide will soon support GLONASS.
In 2009, the head of the Russian Federal Space Agency Anatoly Perminov announced a new GLONASS project called "ERA" (), an acronym for "Emergency Response to Accidents" (). This system will provide location services for emergency calls and is based on the European eCall standard. In 2012, interoperability tests were successfully conducted in Finland using Russian-built ERA-GLONASS terminals and eCall Public Safety Answering Call infrastructure. Test pilot zones will be launched in Russia in 2013, and by 2017 all new vehicles are required to include ERA-GLONASS equipment.
The first phase of the project will include equipping automobiles with GLONASS receivers and creation of back-end software which will provide call center operators within emergency services with geographic data. The second phase will also involve GPS/GLONASS enabled phones and smartphones.
There is also a planned project called "Social GLONASS". It will help people who require supervision, such as old people, children, and people with reduced vision.
Finishing the constellation.
Russia's aim of finishing the constellation in 2010 suffered a setback when a December 2010 launch of three GLONASS-M satellites failed. The Proton-M itself performed flawlessly, but the upper stage Blok DM3 (a new version which was to make its maiden flight) was loaded with too much fuel due to a sensor failure. As a result, the upper stage and the three satellites crashed into the Pacific Ocean. Kommersant estimated the launch failure cost up to $160 million. Russian President Dmitry Medvedev ordered a full audit of the entire $2 billion program and an investigation into the failure.
Following the mishap, Roscosmos activated two reserve satellites and decided to make the first GLONASS-K satellite, to be launched in February 2011, part of the operational constellation instead of mainly for testing as was originally planned. This would bring the total number of satellites to 23, obtaining almost complete worldwide coverage. The second GLONASS-K would be ready within three to four months.
The third generation GLONASS-K satellites have an operational lifetime of 10 years, compared to the 7-year lifetime of the second generation GLONASS-M, and to the 3-year lifetime of the original GLONASS satellite. The mass of the new satellite is just 750 kg, compared to 1,450 kg of GLONASS-M. This means that two can be orbited at time on a Soyuz-2.1b rocket, or six at a time on Proton-M. In contrast, only three GLONASS-M satellites can be launched on Proton-M at a time. The new satellite design is expected to double the accuracy of the GLONASS system.

</doc>
<doc id="30958991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958991" title="Desperate Poaching Affray">
Desperate Poaching Affray

Desperate Poaching Affray (known in the United States as The Poachers) is a 1903 British chase film by William Haggar. Three minutes long, the film is recognised as an early influence on narrative drama in American film, especially in chase genre. The film used a number of innovative techniques including on location shooting, panning shots and clever use of screen edges. The film, along with Frank Mottershaw's film "A Daring Daylight Burglary", is considered to have helped launch the chase sub-genre and influenced Edwin S. Porter's "The Great Train Robbery".
Film history.
British director William Haggar was a pioneer of narrative film making who began making shorts in 1902. Haggar and his family were travelling entertainers who had based themselves in Wales, and they shot their films in the open using the props they had acquired over their years as a theatre troupe. In 1903 Haggar shot "Desperate Poaching Affray", a three minute (174 ft.) short on 35mm film. The film stars two of Haggar's children, Walter and William Jr., a common trait of his films. The film plot is slight and consists of a group of three hunters coming across two poachers. A chase ensues and the poachers flee while shots are exchanged. Despite the film's rural setting, the hunters are able to call upon police officers who join in the chase before the poachers are apprehended while crossing a stream.
On its release the film was very successful with audiences, and was distributed by Gaumont Film Company in both Europe and the United States. It was so popular that it was widely pirated, and is now seen as an influential film to the chase genre, inspiring Edwin S. Porter's "The Great Train Robbery".
"Desperate Poaching Affray" is in turn influenced by Frank Mottershaw's film "A Daring Daylight Burglary", also 1903. In Haggar's film similar to Mottershaw's there is a cutting of action, as a character runs towards the camera to leave via the screen edge. The pursuers are nowhere to be seen in one shot, before entering dramatically onto the screen from the front. In another cut the villains exit the scene to the left, then emerge after a cut in the foreground, in a shot that suggests the chase has been continuing for longer than the screen time. Haggar continues to use different angles in the film and introduces his first panning shot, showing Haggar had a rudimentary understanding of early film grammar and conventions. Despite Haggar's theatrical background, and apart from one wild over-acted haymaker swing from William Haggar Jr. as he floors an opponent, the film refuses to follow theatricality or staging.
The film was renamed as "The Poachers" for its release in the United States, and was first screened by travelling cinema pioneer Lyman H. Howe of Pennsylvania, who in his early days showed respectable movies to Methodist groups. Howe's biographer, Charles Musser, summised that Howe showed the film with its 'sensationalistic violence' because as 'one of the cinema's first chase films it proved an irresistible choice.' Musser goes on to state that both Haggar's and Mottershaw's films inspired the US 'film chase craze', stressing that "Desperate Poaching Affray" was one of at least three UK films copied and sold by the Edison, Biograph and Sigmund Lubin's company between June and October 1903.

</doc>
<doc id="30958992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958992" title="Gare de Saint-Léon-sur-l'Isle">
Gare de Saint-Léon-sur-l'Isle

Saint-Léon-sur-l'Isle is a railway station in Saint-Léon-sur-l'Isle, Aquitaine, France. The station is located on the Coutras - Tulle railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF.
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Saint-Léon-sur-l'Isle:
The station is served by 2 trains per day in each direction.

</doc>
<doc id="30958993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958993" title="Giovanni Bazoli">
Giovanni Bazoli

Giovanni Bazoli (Brescia, 18 December 1932) is an Italian banker. 
He is chairman of the supervisory board of Italian bank Intesa Sanpaolo and chairman of financial company, Mittel.
Family.
Bazoli is the descendant of a well known Brescian family involved in politics since the early twentieth century (his grandfather, Luigi Bazoli, was one of the founders of Italian People’s Party in 1919, and his father was a member of the Constituent Assembly).
Career.
Bazoli was professor of Administrative Law and Public Law at the Università Cattolica Milano until retiring from his university career in 2001.
While serving as a director of Banca San Paolo di Brescia in 1982, then Treasury Minister Nino Andreatta asked him to contribute to the bailout of Banco Ambrosiano, the Italian bank overwhelmed by the Calvi scandal. He became chairman of Nuovo Banco Ambrosiano and managed the sale of Rizzoli-Corriere della Sera, the market-leading editorial group that Angelo Rizzoli had sold to Calvi. At the time, Rizzoli-Corriere della Sera was Italy’s largest editorial group. As chairman of Mittel, one of the companies that took part in the acquisition of Rizzoli-Corriere della Sera, he benefited personally from the transaction.
He merged Nuovo Banco with Banca Cattolica del Veneto, forming Banco Ambrosiano Veneto (BAV). In 1990, he was instrumental in getting the French group Crédit Agricole to become one of BAV's shareholders, thereby thwarting Gemina’s attempt to take on a leading role in the bank.
The 1997 merger of BAV and Cariplo led to the creation of Banca Intesa, with Bazoli becoming the new bank's chairman. In later years, Banca Intesa merged with Banca Commerciale Italiana (1999) and Sanpaolo of Turin (2007), thus creating the current Intesa Sanpaolo. 
Personal Life.
Bazoli is also known for his passion for biblical studies and for his centre-left political leanings. According to media sources, Bazoli is said to have declined an offer to run as leader of the Ulivo coalition in the 2001 political elections, a role then taken on by Francesco Rutelli. 
He is married to Elena Whurer and they have four children.

</doc>
<doc id="30958998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30958998" title="Gare de Neuvic (Dordogne)">
Gare de Neuvic (Dordogne)

Neuvic is a railway station in Neuvic, Aquitaine, France. The station is located on the Coutras - Tulle railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF.
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Neuvic:
The station is served by 5 trains per day in each direction.

</doc>
<doc id="30959002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959002" title="Claudio Batista dos Santos">
Claudio Batista dos Santos

Cláudio Batista dos Santos (born April 19, 1967) is a former Brazilian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="30959006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959006" title="IUCAB">
IUCAB

The IUCAB (Internationally United Commercial Agents and Brokers) is the umbrella organisation of the international representation of the national agents and broker organisations. It was founded in 1953 and is based in Amsterdam, Netherlands. The IUCAB consists of 18 organisations from Europe and North America.

</doc>
<doc id="30959009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959009" title="Gare de Douzillac">
Gare de Douzillac

Douzillac is a railway station in Douzillac, Aquitaine, France. The station is located on the Coutras - Tulle railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF.
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Douzillac:
The station is served by 2 trains per day in each direction.

</doc>
<doc id="30959014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959014" title="Edmodo">
Edmodo

Edmodo is a "social learning platform" website for teachers, students, and parents. It is marketed as the Facebook for schools.
Applications.
Current uses of Edmodo include posting assignments, creating polls for student responses, embedding video clips, create learning groups, posting quizzes for students to take, and creating a calendar of events and assignments. Students can also turn in assignments or upload assignments for their teachers to view and grade. Teachers can annotate the assignments directly in Edmodo to provide instant feedback.
Parents can also view this website, either under their child's username or they may create their own account. The Parent accounts allow parents to see their children's assignments and grades. Teachers, subject to creating and maintaining parental records, could send alerts to parents about school events, missed assignments, and other important messages.
Similarly, teachers can, subject to creating and maintaining class-participant data, generate printable class rosters. so if a teacher is going to have a substitute teacher in their classroom who needs a printed roster, they can print one from an Edmodo account.
Student and, possibly parental, data is normally already maintained in a school's information management system and so would require ongoing effort and care to duplicate and maintain data on Edmodo outside the school's own security controls.
Edmodo, as with any social network, can be used as a place to post and critique work, facilitate collaboration, and post creative writing for an audience. it is also subject to the same potential misuses as other social networks. In early December 2012, Edmodo underwent a style revamp to attempt to provide easier browsing, emoticon responses to assignments, and the addition of two apps, a photo editor and SchoolTube, an educational video site.
Educational social networking sites, like Edmodo, offer an opportunity to “connect with students and help them create norms and reflect on how different online actions will be interpreted.” Edmodo and other social networking sites offer educators a chance to explore the use of social networks and use of media and online formats.
Edmodo is used worldwide but mainly in the US. In Edmodo, teachers can put posts with attachments such as videos or pictures from their iPad, iPhone or computer and put it in a group folder in which pupils and teachers can access the post in a safe learning environment. It can be used to teach children how to create podcasts, posts and basic web-site designing.
Implications.
The implications of a commercial company holding personal information and contact details for parents and students might need to be given careful consideration dependent upon national legal requirements.
Statistics.
As of December 2013:

</doc>
<doc id="30959017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959017" title="Gare de Mussidan">
Gare de Mussidan

Mussidan is a railway station in Mussidan, Aquitaine, France. The station is located on the Coutras - Tulle railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF.
Train services.
The following services currently call at Mussidan:

</doc>
<doc id="30959020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959020" title="Annabel Langbein">
Annabel Langbein

Annabel Langbein is a New Zealand celebrity cook, food writer and publisher. She is also a regular radio guest and TV presenter, and has fronted her own TV series, "Annabel Langbein The Free Range Cook", which launched on the TV One network in New Zealand and now screens in over eighty countries. She is known for promoting organic food, primarily using seasonal ingredients and is a member of the Sustainability Council of New Zealand.
Family.
She is the daughter of Fred and Anne Langbein and is married to Ted Hewetson with whom she has two children. Her father worked in a city office but was a keen vegetable gardener and beekeeper, while her mother Anne was a cook and home science university graduate. She credits her mother as the inspiration of her cooking. She first met husband Ted while working as a possum trapper on his family's farm on the East Cape of New Zealand. By chance she later shared a flat with her future sister-in-law Debbie who helped orchestrate their relationship. She claims to have attracted Ted with the help of a bacon and egg pie. He proposed three times before she finally said yes and they married in Wellington.
Early life.
As a teenager in the 1970s she says was a fully-fledged hippy and feminist, railed against domesticity, consumerism and the urban world in general and left home and school at the age of 16. Her mother took her to Europe in the hope of showing her the 'real world' but on her return she moved up the Whanganui River with some friends to enjoy an alternative lifestyle growing vegetables, cooking over a fire and living off the land. For several years she hunted and fished for much of her own food and it was during this time that she honed her skills through endless experimentation.
She started to cook for a living when she went to Gisborne to work as a chef in a friend's restaurant. She realised that she couldn't cook the same food every day and used the opportunity to save some money for an overseas experience. She travelled the world experimenting with different flavours but got sick in South America. She didn't want to return home but developed a strong desire to cook and eventually made her way back to New Zealand.
Career.
She never formally trained as a chef but has a Diploma of Horticulture from Lincoln University in New Zealand. She has also attended residential cooking courses at the Culinary Institute of America in upstate New York.
Since 1984 she has worked as a food writer. She has written for several magazines including NZ Life & Leisure since its first issue, a fortnightly column for the NZ Listener, as a feature writer for Cuisine for 11 years and as food editor for Grace. She also is a regular guest on New Zealand's Newstalk ZB radio network.
She has authored 18 cookbooks which are published in numerous languages and have been sold all around the world. Her 2010 book "The Free Range Cook" was available in more than 70 countries and sold more than 110,000 copies.
In 1991 she established the Culinary Institute of New Zealand, a specialist food marketing consultancy, and was responsible for marketing and media campaigns for New Zealand food manufacturers, retailers, and exporters, as well as promoting New Zealand food offshore for Trade New Zealand.
For seven years she was a director of New Zealand gourmet cheese company Kapiti.
She is the principal of Annabel Langbein Media Limited, an Auckland-based company that provides food and lifestyle media services, including book publishing and TV and video production.
Television.
In August 2010 TV One debuted her show, "Annabel Langbein The Free Range Cook", a 13-part series filmed at her holiday cabin. She co-produced the series and worked with a seven-person TVNZ crew over a six-month filming schedule. It was the first time she had fronted her own cooking show and series on television.
UK-based company FremantleMedia Enterprises first noticed her presenting skills in 2008. To accompany her cookbook "Eat Fresh", she made a series of how-to cooking features that she posted on YouTube. The series has also appeared in Australia on the ABC network and has been distributed worldwide by FreemantleMedia. As a result the series has appeared on networks in France, Belgium, Sweden, Poland, Israel, UK, Canada, Asia, Brazil and Japan.
In Brazil the show airs on the GNT cable channel under the translated title "A Cozinha Caseira de Annabel" ("Annabel's Homemade Cooking").
Honours.
She has won NZ food writing awards. "The Best of Annabel Langbein: Great Food for Busy Lives" won the 1999 NZ Guild of Foodwriters 'Recipe Book of the Year' award while "Savour the Pacific: A Discovery of Taste" won the 'Best Photography in the World' award at the World Cookbook Awards in Périgueux, France, as well as a Ladle at the 2001 World Food Media Awards.
Annabel Langbein The Free Range Cook was named New Zealand’s best celebrity cookbook for 2010 in the Gourmand World Cookbook Awards.
For three years, she was a judge for the International Association of Culinary Professionals' Julia Child Award for the best First Cookbook.

</doc>
<doc id="30959031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959031" title="Hollow Be My Name">
Hollow Be My Name

Hollow Be My Name is the second album by the Australian post-hardcore band Eleventh He Reaches London. It was released by Good Cop Bad Cop in March, 2009.
Thematically, the album is dark and introspective. 
Track listing.
All music written by Eleventh He Reaches London, lyrics by Ian Lenton.
Vinyl Bonus Track

</doc>
<doc id="30959035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959035" title="Alex Lopes de Nasciment">
Alex Lopes de Nasciment

Alex Lopes de Nasciment (born April 22, 1969) is a former Brazilian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="30959041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959041" title="Gare de Montpon-Ménestérol">
Gare de Montpon-Ménestérol

Montpon-Ménestérol is a railway station in Montpon-Ménestérol, Aquitaine, France. The station is located on the Coutras - Tulle railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF.
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Montpon-Ménestérol:

</doc>
<doc id="30959042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959042" title="List of Only You characters">
List of Only You characters

"Only You" (Traditional Chinese: Only You 只有您) is a 2011 Hong Kong television serial drama produced by TVB.

</doc>
<doc id="30959058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959058" title="A Medio Vivir">
A Medio Vivir

A Medio Vivir may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30959061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959061" title="Richard Collins (artist)">
Richard Collins (artist)

Richard Collins was a British miniature painter.
Life.
He was born at Gosport in Hampshire, on 30 Janueary 1755. 
He studied enamel-painting with Jeremias Meyer. 
In 1777, he exhibited some portraits at the Royal Academy.
He shared with Richard Cosway and Samuel Shelley the fashionable sitters of the day, and in 1789, was appointed principal portrait-painter in enamel to George III. He executed some fine miniature portraits of the royal family. 
Having acquired a comfortable income by his art, he left London in 1811, and retired into private life at Pershore, Worcestershire, resigning his post in the royal service.
About 1828, however, the love of art and culture led Collins to return to London, and he resided in the vicinity of Regent's Park until his death on 5 August 1831.

</doc>
<doc id="30959062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959062" title="SMS Hamburg">
SMS Hamburg

SMS "Hamburg" ("His Majesty's Ship "Hamburg"") was the second of seven s of the Imperial German Navy, named after the city of Hamburg. She was begun by AG Vulcan Stettin in Stettin in 1902, launched on 25 July 1903 and commissioned on 8 March 1904. Throughout her over 40-year long career, she served with the Imperial Navy, the "Reichsmarine", and the "Kriegsmarine". Armed with a main battery of ten guns and two torpedo tubes, "Hamburg" was capable of a top speed of . 
"Hamburg" served with the High Seas Fleet for the first eight years on active duty. For the rest of her career, she served with U-boat flotillas, first as a flagship for the I U-boat Flotilla and later as a barracks ship for U-boat crews during World War I. she returned to fleet duty with the "Reichsmarine" after the end of the war, but returned to barracks ship duties starting in 1936, though 1944. She was towed to her namesake city in early July 1944 for scrapping, but was sunk by British bombers toward the end of the month. The wreck was raised in 1949 and subsequently dismantled in 1956.
Construction.
"Hamburg" was ordered under the contract name "K" and was laid down at the AG Vulcan shipyard in Stettin in 1902 and launched on 25 July 1903, after which fitting-out work commenced. She was commissioned into the High Seas Fleet on 8 March 1904. The ship was long overall and had a beam of and a draft of forward. She displaced at full combat load. Her propulsion system consisted of two triple-expansion engines, designed to give for a top speed of . The engines were powered by ten coal-fired Marine-type water-tube boilers. "Hamburg" carried up to of coal, which gave her a range of at . She had a crew of 14 officers and 274–287 enlisted men.
The ship was armed with ten 10.5 cm SK L/40 guns in single mounts. Two were placed side by side forward on the forecastle, six were located amidships, three on either side, and two were placed side by side aft. The guns could engage targets out to . They were supplied with 1,500 rounds of ammunition, for 150 shells per gun. She was also equipped with two torpedo tubes with five torpedoes. They were submerged in the hull on the broadside. The ship was protected by an armored deck that was up to thick. The conning tower had thick sides, and the guns were protected by thick shields.
Service history.
After her commissioning, "Hamburg" served with the fleet. She was assigned to I Subdivision of the Cruiser Division of the Active Fleet. The unit consisted of the light cruisers and and the armored cruiser , the flagship. The ships were attached to the I Squadron of the Active Fleet. A second subdivision, composed of an armored cruiser and three light cruisers was attached to the II Squadron. In April 1909, "Hamburg" was cruising in the Mediterranean. On 21 April, she was dispatched from Corfu to Mersin, where rioting threatened German interests. She was joined there the following day by several British and French warships, including the battleship . By 1912, she was withdrawn from front-line service for use as the second command flagship for the I U-boat Flotilla. After the outbreak of World War I, she rejoined the fleet, but continued in her role as the I Flotilla flagship. On 6 August, she and the cruiser escorted a flotilla of U-boats into the North Sea in an attempt to draw out the British fleet, which could then be attacked by the U-boats. The force returned to port on 11 August, without having encountered any British warships.
On 15–16 December, "Hamburg" participated in the bombardment of Scarborough, Hartlepool and Whitby. She was assigned to the cruiser screen of the High Seas Fleet, which was providing distant cover to Rear Admiral Franz von Hipper's battlecruisers while they were conducting the bombardment. Following reports of British destroyers from "Hamburg" and the armored cruiser , Admiral von Ingenohl ordered the High Seas Fleet to turn to port and head for Germany. At 06:59, "Hamburg", "Roon", and encountered Commander Jones' destroyers. Jones shadowed the Germans until 07:40, at which point "Hamburg" and "Stuttgart" were detached to sink their pursuers. At 08:02, "Roon" signaled the two light cruisers and ordered them to abandon the pursuit and retreat along with the rest of the High Seas Fleet.
"Hamburg" was assigned to the IV Scouting Group during the Battle of Jutland on 31 May – 1 June 1916. The IV Scouting Group, under the command of Commodore Ludwig von Reuter, departed Wilhelmshaven at 03:30 on 31 May, along with the rest of the fleet. Tasked with screening for the fleet, "Hamburg" and the torpedo boat were positioned on the port side of the fleet, abreast of the II Battle Squadron. "Hamburg" and the IV Scouting Group were not heavily engaged during the early phases of the battle, but around 21:30, they encountered the British 3rd Light Cruiser Squadron (3rd LCS). Reuter's ships were leading the High Seas Fleet south, away from the deployed Grand Fleet. Due to the long range and poor visibility, only "München" and "Stettin" were able to engage the British cruisers. "Hamburg" only fired one salvo, since the haze rendered it impossible to spot the fall of shot. Reuter turned his ships hard to starboard, in order to draw the British closer to the capital ships of the German fleet, but the 3rd LCS refused to take the bait and disengaged.
Later in the war, "Hamburg" was reduced to a barracks ship for the U-boat flotilla in Wilhelmshaven. She was among the six light cruisers Germany was permitted to retain by the Treaty of Versailles. In the service of the newly reorganized "Reichsmarine", "Hamburg" served in the active fleet starting in 1920. In 1922, "Hamburg" was assigned to the North Sea Squadron, with the old battleship and the cruiser . She remained in the fleet until 1923, when she was withdrawn from active service for use as a training cruiser for naval cadets. She served in this capacity from 1924 to 1927; she remained in the "Reichsmarine" inventory until she was stricken from the naval register on 31 March 1931. She was again used as a barracks ship for submarine crews starting in 1936 by the "Kriegsmarine", this time in Kiel. She continued in this duty until 1944, when the "Kriegsmarine" decided to break her up for scrap. She was towed to her namesake city on 7 July 1944 for dismantling, where she was later sunk by British bombers on 27 July. The wreck was raised in 1949 and ultimately broken up in 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="30959068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959068" title="Gare de Saint-Seurin-sur-l'Isle">
Gare de Saint-Seurin-sur-l'Isle

Saint-Seurin-sur-l'Isle is a railway station in Saint-Seurin-sur-l'Isle, Aquitaine, France. The station is located on the Coutras - Tulle railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF.
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Saint-Seurin-sur-l'Isle:

</doc>
<doc id="30959069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959069" title="Vikatakavi">
Vikatakavi

Vikatakavi () is a 1984 Malayalam film written and directed by Hariharan. It stars Prem Nazir, Madhavi and Mammootty in lead roles. The film's music has been composed by Devarajan with lyrics have been penned by P. Bhaskaran.

</doc>
<doc id="30959080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959080" title="Michael Klaper">
Michael Klaper

Michael A. Klaper, M.D., is an American physician, author, and vegan.
Biography.
Early years and education.
Dr. Michael Klaper spent much of his childhood vacations on his uncle's dairy farm in Wisconsin.
Dr. Klaper graduated from the University of Illinois College of Medicine in 1972 and served his medical internship at Vancouver General Hospital with the University of British Columbia. He also studied obstetrics at the University of California in San Francisco.
Career.
After graduation, Klaper moved between a number of locations, practiced acute care medicine, and eventually became certified in urgent care medicine. Following a desire to lead a less violent life, Klaper became a vegan in the early 1980s.
He served as director of a vegan health spa in Pompano Beach, Florida from the early 1990s, where he observed the healing powers of plant-based nutrition, and was featured on the PBS documentary "Diet For A New America" by John Robbins. However financial realities required him to return to urgent care medicine, which led him to practice in Maui, Hawaii, between 1995 and 2006, and Whangarei, New Zealand, between 2006 and 2009. In 2010, he returned to nutritional medicine and currently serves on the medical staff at the TrueNorth Health Center in Santa Rosa, California.
His books include "Vegan Nutrition: Pure and Simple" and "Pregnancy, Children, and the Vegan Diet".

</doc>
<doc id="30959082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959082" title="Gare de Saint-Médard-de-Guizières">
Gare de Saint-Médard-de-Guizières

Saint-Médard-de-Guizières is a railway station in Saint-Médard-de-Guizières, Aquitaine, France. The station is located on the Coutras - Tulle railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF.
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Saint-Médard-de-Guizières:

</doc>
<doc id="30959104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959104" title="SMS Augsburg">
SMS Augsburg

SMS "Augsburg" was a light cruiser of the German "Kaiserliche Marine" (Imperial Navy) during the First World War. She had three sister ships, , , and . The ship was built by the "Kaiserliche Werft" in Kiel; her hull was laid down in 1908 and she was launched in July 1909. "Augsburg" was commissioned into the High Seas Fleet in October 1910. She was armed with a main battery of twelve 10.5 cm SK L/45 guns and had a top speed of .
After her commissioning, "Augsburg" spent her peacetime career first as a torpedo test ship and then as a gunnery training ship. After the outbreak of World War I, she was assigned to the Baltic Sea, where she spent the entire war. On 2 August 1914, she participated in an operation that saw the first shots of the war with Russia fired, and she later took part in the Battle of the Gulf of Riga in August 1915 and Operation Albion in October 1917, as well as numerous smaller engagements throughout the war. She struck a mine, once, in January 1915, though the ship was again operational in a few months. After the end of the war, "Augsburg" was ceded to Japan as a war prize, and was subsequently broken up for scrap in 1922.
Design.
"Augsburg" was ordered as a replacement for under the contract name "Ersatz Sperber" and was laid down in 1908 at the "Kaiserliche Werft" shipyard in Kiel. She was launched on 10 July 1909, after which fitting-out work commenced. She was commissioned into the High Seas Fleet on 1 October 1910. The ship was long overall and had a beam of and a draft of forward. She displaced at full combat load. Her propulsion system consisted of two sets of Parsons steam turbines driving four propellers. They were designed to give . These were powered by fifteen coal-fired Marine water-tube boilers. These gave the ship a top speed of . "Augsburg" carried of coal that gave her a range of approximately at . "Augsburg" had a crew of 18 officers and 349 enlisted men.
The ship was armed with twelve 10.5 cm SK L/45 guns in single pedestal mounts. Two were placed side by side forward on the forecastle, eight were located amidships, four on either side, and two were side by side aft. These were replaced in 1916–1917 with six 15 cm SK L/45 guns. She also carried four 5.2 cm SK L/55 anti-aircraft guns, though these were replaced with a pair of two 8.8 cm SK L/45 anti-aircraft guns in 1918. She was also equipped with a pair of torpedo tubes submerged in the hull. Two deck-mounted torpedo tube launchers were added in 1918 She could also carry 100 mines. The conning tower had thick sides, and the deck was covered with up to thick armor plate.
Service history.
After her commissioning, "Augsburg" was used as a torpedo test ship. In 1912, she was transferred to gunnery training. Following the outbreak of World War I in August 1914, she was assigned to the Baltic Sea, under the command of Rear Admiral Robert Mischke. On 2 August, "Augsburg" laid a minefield outside the Russian harbor of Libau, while shelled the port. The Russians had in fact already left Libau, which was seized by the German Army. The minefield laid by "Augsburg" was poorly marked and hindered German operations more than Russian efforts. "Augsburg" and the rest of the Baltic light forces then conducted a series of bombardments of Russian positions. On 17 August, "Augsburg", "Magdeburg", three destroyers, and the minelayer encountered a pair of powerful Russian armored cruisers, and . The Russian commander, under the mistaken assumption that the German armored cruisers and were present, did not attack and both forces withdrew.
In September, the light forces in the Baltic were reinforced with the IV Battle Squadron, composed of the older and s, and the large armored cruiser . Starting on 3 September, the combined German force conducted a sweep into the Baltic. During the operation, "Augsburg" spotted the Russian cruisers and . She attempted to draw them closer to "Blücher", but the Russians refused to take the bait and withdrew. On 7 September, "Augsburg" and the torpedo boat steamed into the Gulf of Bothnia and sank a Russian steamer off Raumo. By the 9th, the German fleet had returned to port. On the night of 24–25 January, "Augsburg" ran into a Russian minefield off Bornholm and struck a mine. The crew kept the ship afloat, and she was towed back to port for repairs.
"Augsburg" was back in service by April 1915, ready for a major operation against Libau. The German Army planned to seize the port as a distraction from the main Austro-German effort at Gorlice–Tarnów. They requested naval support, and so the Navy organized a force comprising the coastal defense ship , three armored cruisers, three light cruisers, including "Augsburg", and a large number of torpedo boats and minesweepers. In addition, the IV Scouting Group, consisting of four light cruisers and twenty-one torpedo boats, was sent from the North Sea to reinforce the operation. The German Army captured Libau in May, and it was subsequently turned into an advance base for the German Navy. Later that month, the Navy assigned a mine-laying operation to "Augsburg" and ; they were to lay a minefield near the entrance to the Gulf of Finland. A submarine attack on the cruiser , however, prompted the German naval command to cancel the operation.
On 1 June, "Augsburg", , "Lübeck", and seven torpedo boats escorted the minelaying cruiser while she laid a field off Bogskär. "Augsburg" served as the flagship of Commodore Johannes von Karpf, the commander of the operation. After finishing laying the minefield, Karpf sent a wireless transmission informing headquarters he had accomplished the mission, and was returning to port. This message was intercepted by the Russians, allowing them to intercept the Germans. Four Russian armored cruisers, with the powerful armored cruiser steaming in support, attempted to ambush the German squadron. Karpf dispersed his force shortly before encountering the Russians; "Augsburg", "Albatross", and three torpedo boats steamed to Rixhöft while the remainder went to Libau. Shortly after 06:30 on 2 June, lookouts on "Augsburg" spotted the Russian force; Karpf ordered the slower "Albatross" to seek refuge in neutral Swedish waters, while "Augsburg" and the torpedo boats used their high speed to escape the Russians. In the engagement that followed, "Albatross" was badly damaged and ran aground in Swedish waters. The Russians then turned to engage the second German force, but were low on ammunition after the engagement with "Augsburg" and "Albatross" and broke off the engagement.
The Russian fired two torpedoes at "Augsburg" on the night of 28 June, though both missed. "Augsburg" was assigned to the forces that took part in the Battle of the Gulf of Riga in August 1915. A significant detachment from the High Seas Fleet, including eight dreadnoughts and three battlecruisers, went into the Baltic to clear the Gulf of Riga of Russian naval forces. "Augsburg" participated in the second attack on 16 August, led by the dreadnoughts and . On the night of 19 August, "Augsburg" encountered a pair of Russian gunboats— and ; "Augsburg" and "Posen" sank "Sivutch", though "Korietz" managed to escape. The Russian surface forces had by this time withdrawn to Moon Sound, and the threat of Russian submarines and mines still in the Gulf prompted the Germans to retreat. On 13 October, an unknown submarine fired a torpedo at "Augsburg", though it did not hit her. In September 1916, "Augsburg" participated in an attempt to force the Irben Strait into the Gulf of Riga in September 1916. Heavy Russian resistance, primarily from the old battleship , forced the Germans to retreat from the Gulf.
In November 1917, "Augsburg" participated in another attack on the Gulf of Riga, Operation Albion. By this point, she had been assigned to the VI Scouting Group along with and her sister . At 06:00 on 14 October 1917, the three ships left Libau to escort minesweeping operations in the Gulf of Riga. They were attacked by Russian coastal guns on their approach and were temporarily forced to turn away. By 08:45, however, they had anchored off the Mikailovsk Bank and the minesweepers began to clear a path in the minefields. Two days later, "Augsburg" joined the dreadnoughts and for a sweep of the Gulf of Riga. While the battleships engaged the Russian naval forces, "Augsburg" was tasked with supervising the occupation of Arensburg. 
According to the Armistice that ended the war, "Augsburg" and the rest of the German fleet not interned in Scapa Flow were to be returned to the main German ports and disarmed. In the subsequent Treaty of Versailles that formally ended the conflict, "Augsburg" was listed as a warship to be surrendered to the Allied powers; she was to be disarmed in accordance with the terms of the Armistice, but her guns were to remain on board. After the end of World War I, "Augsburg" was surrendered to Japan as a war prize on 3 September 1920, under the name "Y". The Japanese had no use for the ship, and so she was broken up in Dordrecht in 1922.

</doc>
<doc id="30959110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959110" title="Leslie White (disambiguation)">
Leslie White (disambiguation)

Leslie White (1900–1975) was an American anthropologist.
Leslie White may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30959126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959126" title="Progress Property Co Ltd v Moorgarth Group Ltd">
Progress Property Co Ltd v Moorgarth Group Ltd

Progress Property Co Ltd v Moorgarth Group Ltd [http://www.bailii.org/uk/cases/UKSC/2010/55.html UKSC 55 is a UK company law case concerning the circumstances by which a transaction at an undervalue would be considered an unauthorised return of capital.
Facts.
Tradegro Ltd, which owned approximately 75% of Progress Properties, agreed to sell its shareholding in Progress to P, who owned the other 25%. It was a condition of that agreement that Tradegro Ltd would make Progress Properties transfer, under a separate sale agreement, its shareholding in YMS Properties Ltd, a subsidiary of the Progress Properties, to the Moorgarth Group Ltd, a subsidiary of Tradegro Ltd. So at the time of the sale of YMS Ltd its vendor and its purchaser were both under the control of T Ltd. Now led by its new management, Progress Properties alleged that the transfer of its shareholding in YMS Ltd to the Moorgarth had been at a gross undervalue and so was "ultra vires" and unlawful as an unauthorised return of capital. It claimed for return of the shares or compensation. It was accepted, however, that the director, Mr Moore, who procured the sale, acting on behalf of both Progress and Moorgarth, had genuinely believed that the sale was at market value.
The judge held that, even on the assumption that the sale of YMS Ltd had been at an undervalue, it was a genuine sale, not ultra vires and not an unauthorised distribution of Progress' assets. The Court of Appeal dismissed the Progress' appeal and held the sale was an intra vires for a proper purpose even if it had been at an undervalue.
Judgment.
The Supreme Court again dismissed the appeal and held that the transaction was sound because even though it was an extremely bad bargain in hindsight, it was negotiated in good faith and at arm's length. The court's is to inquire into the true purpose and substance of the impugned transaction by investigating all the relevant facts, including the states of mind of the people acting on the company's behalf, though it is always possible that transactions can be unlawful regardless of the directors' state of mind. Accordingly the transaction was neither ultra vires nor an unlawful reduction of capital. Lord Walker gave the leading judgment.
Lord Mance and Lord Clarke delivered concurring judgments. Lord Phillips and Lord Collins agreed.

</doc>
<doc id="30959132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959132" title="Gare de Coutras">
Gare de Coutras

Coutras is a railway station in Coutras, Aquitaine, France. The station is located on the Paris - Bordeaux and Coutras - Tulle railway lines. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF.
Train services.
The following services currently call at Coutras:

</doc>
<doc id="30959140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959140" title="Marcelo Mabilia">
Marcelo Mabilia

Marcelo Mabilia (born October 31, 1972) is a former Brazilian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="30959148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959148" title="Houghton County Courthouse">
Houghton County Courthouse

The Houghton County Courthouse is a government building located at 401 E. Houghton Street in Houghton, Michigan. It was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1974 and placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
History.
Houghton County, Michigan was first organized in 1845; at the time it covered the entire Keweenaw Peninsula, with Eagle River as the county seat. In 1861, the county was split in two, with the northern part of the Keweenaw, including Eagle River, forming Keweenaw County and the southern part remaining Houghton County. The village of Houghton was designated the county seat, and a frame structure was erected in 1862 to serve as the courthouse. However, the booming copper industry in the Keweenaw quickly swelled the populace of Houghton County, and a new courthouse was planned to demonstrate the area's prosperity. The county hired Marquette architect J. B. Sweatt to design the courthouse, which was built on the site of the older courthouse at a cost of $75,568.00. The cornerstone, with a miner's coat of arms, was laid on July 24, 1886, and the new courthouse was dedicated on July 28, 1887.
The section of the courthouse containing the jail was condemned in the 1960s, and an additional building to replace it was constructed nearby. Extensive restoration of the courthouse was performed in the 1970s and later in 2003-2004, and the building continues to house government offices.
Description.
The Houghton County Courthouse is an asymmetrical -story brick-and-sandstone structure with a mansard roof, designed primarily in an interpretation of Second Empire style, but with elements of other styles included. Sweatt made use of local materials in his design of the courthouse, using red sandstone trim and a copper roof. The building also includes a four-story tower and a projecting pavilion. Most of the exterior is cream brick; contrasting red sandstone tops the windows. The interior of the courthouse was designed by Charles Eastlake of England, using heavy, elaborately decorated plaster and woodwork.
A modern five-story addition with parking deck is located at the southwest corner of the building.

</doc>
<doc id="30959154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959154" title="SMS Lübeck">
SMS Lübeck

SMS "Lübeck" ("His Majesty's Ship "Lübeck"") was the fourth of seven s of the Imperial German Navy, named after the city of Lübeck. She was begun by AG Vulcan Stettin in Stettin in 1903, launched in March 1904 and commissioned in April 1905. Armed with a main battery of ten guns and two torpedo tubes, "Lübeck" was capable of a top speed of . 
"Lübeck" served with the High Seas Fleet for the first decade of her career, and after the outbreak of World War I in August 1914, she was transferred to the Baltic Sea to defend Germany's coast from potential Russian attacks. She saw extensive service in the first three years of the war, during which time she participated in the seizure of Libau and was attacked by Allied submarines on two occasions. She struck a mine in 1916 but was repaired; in 1917, she was withdrawn for secondary duties. She survived the war, and was ceded to the British as a war prize in 1920, and subsequently broken up for scrap.
Construction.
"Lübeck" was ordered under the contract name "Ersatz" and was laid down at the AG Vulcan shipyard in Stettin in 1903 and launched on 26 March 1904, after which fitting-out work commenced. She was commissioned into the High Seas Fleet on 26 April 1905. The ship was long overall and had a beam of and a draft of forward. She displaced at full combat load. Her propulsion system consisted of two Parsons steam turbines, designed to give for a top speed of . She was the first warship in the German Navy to be equipped with turbine propulsion. The engines were powered by ten coal-fired Marine-type water-tube boilers. "Lübeck" carried up to of coal, which gave her a range of at , a shorter range than her sisters, due to her less efficient turbines. She had a crew of 14 officers and 274–287 enlisted men.
The ship was armed with ten 10.5 cm SK L/40 guns in single mounts. Two were placed side by side forward on the forecastle, six were located amidships, three on either side, and two were placed side by side aft. The guns could engage targets out to . They were supplied with 1,500 rounds of ammunition, for 150 shells per gun. She was also equipped with two torpedo tubes with four torpedoes, mounted on the deck. She was also fitted to carry fifty naval mines. The ship was protected by an armored deck that was up to thick. The conning tower had thick sides, and the guns were protected by thick shields.
Service history.
After her commissioning, "Lübeck" was assigned to the High Seas Fleet. She served with the fleet until 1914 and the outbreak of World War I. She was then relegated to service as a coastal defense vessel in the Baltic. As the Central Powers prepared to launch the Gorlice–Tarnów Offensive in early May 1915, the extreme left flank of the German Army was ordered to launch a diversionary attack on 27 April. "Lübeck" was assigned to the naval support for the attack; on the first day of the attack, she and the cruiser shelled the port of Libau. Ten days later, the Army was poised to seize Libau, and so requested naval support for the attack. "Lübeck" and several other cruisers and torpedo boats covered the assault on the city and patrolled to ensure no Russian naval forces attempted to intervene.
Rear Admiral Hopman, the commander of the reconnaissance forces in the Baltic, conducted a major assault on Libau, in conjunction with an attempt by the German Army to seize the city. The attack took place on 7 May. "Lübeck" joined the armored cruisers , , and , the elderly coast defense ship , and the light cruisers and "Thetis". They were escorted by a number of destroyers, torpedo boats, and minesweepers. The IV Scouting Group of the High Seas Fleet was detached from the North Sea to provide cover for the operation. The bombardment went as planned, though the destroyer struck a mine in Libau's harbor, which blew off her bow and destroyed the ship. German ground forces were successful in their assault however, and took the city. A week later, on 14 May, "Lübeck" was to lay a minefield off the Gulf of Finland with "Augsburg", but Russian submarines in the area convinced the Germans to cancel the operation.
On 1 July, the minelayer , escorted by the cruisers "Lübeck", "Roon", and "Augsburg" and seven destroyers, laid a minefield north of Bogskär. While returning to port, the flotilla separated into two sections; "Augsburg", "Albatross", and three destroyers made for Rixhöft while the remainder of the unit went to Libau. "Augsburg" and "Albatross" were intercepted by a powerful Russian squadron commanded by Rear Admiral Bakhirev, consisting of three armored and two light cruisers. Commodore Johannes von Karpf, the flotilla commander, ordered the slower "Albatross" to steam for neutral Swedish waters and recalled "Roon" and "Lübeck". "Albatross" was grounded off Gotland and "Augsburg" escaped, and the Russian squadron briefly engaged "Roon" before both sides broke contact. Upon being informed of the situation, Hopman sortied with "Prinz Heinrich" and "Prinz Adalbert" to support von Karpf. While en route, the cruisers encountered the British submarine , which scored a hit on "Prinz Adalbert". Hopman broke off the operation and returned to port with the damaged cruiser.
On 9 August, "Lübeck" was attacked by the Russian submarine "Gepard" outside the Irben Strait at the entrance to the Gulf of Riga. "Gepard" fired a spread of five torpedoes at a range of , but "Lübeck" successfully evaded them. On 6 November, "Lübeck" again came under attack from an Allied submarine; on this occasion, it was the British . Again, "Lübeck" managed to evade the torpedoes and escape undamaged. The Allies finally had success against the ship on 13 January 1916, when a Russian mine damaged "Lübeck"; she nevertheless returned to port and was repaired. At the same time, she and her sister were rearmed with two 15 cm SK L/45 and six 10.5 cm SK L/45 guns. A new bow was fitted and her funnels were replaced with new models.
In 1917, she was withdrawn from front-line service and employed as a training ship, as well as a target ship. "Lübeck" served in this capacity until the end of the war in November 1918. Under the terms of the Treaty of Versailles, the ship was surrendered to the British as a war prize. She was formally ceded on 3 September 1920 under the name "P"; the British in turn sold her for scrapping in 1922, and she was dismantled in Germany over the following year.

</doc>
<doc id="30959157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959157" title="National Geographic Channel (South Korea)">
National Geographic Channel (South Korea)

National Geographic Channel is a South Korean subscription television channel that airs non-fiction television programs produced by the National Geographic Society. It is owned by NGC Networks Korea, LLC, a joint venture between the National Geographic Society (NGC) and CJ E&M, a subsidiary of the CJ Group.
Prior to the launch of NGC in South Korea, video documentaries produced by National Geographic Society were broadcast on the terrestrial TV channels. Previously, a Pan-Asian version, operated by STAR TV (a News Corp subsidiary), was available to South Korean viewers. However, it was replaced by a dedicated local version broadcast from Seoul in around 2002.
The South Korean version broadcasts documentaries by National Geographic, all dubbed in Korean. But because of South Korean regulations, it also airs South Korean productions.
The South Korean version is available on SkyLife satellite TV platform and on local cable TV systems nationwide. Outside South Korea, a version of NGC Korea, distributed by Radio Korea Media Group, is available on DirecTV (once a News Corp subsidiary) in the United States alongside the U.S. version, and is part of the Korean Direct package.

</doc>
<doc id="30959179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959179" title="Bogskär">
Bogskär

Bogskär is a small group of Baltic Sea islets off the southernmost tip of Finland. It is Finland's southernmost land and governed by the municipality of Kökar. The islets are remote: the distance to the nearest large islands in Kökar, Föglö and Lemland is over .
Bogskär is so remote that it is located outside the internal waters of Finland, and has its own, separate internal waters. Up to 1995, even its territorial waters were separate from the rest of Finland. When the territorial waters were expanded from a limit of to , the territorials waters merged. Even today, territorial waters extend only south of Bogskär.

</doc>
<doc id="30959186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959186" title="Cléber Eduardo Arado">
Cléber Eduardo Arado

Cléber Eduardo Arado (born October 11, 1972) is a former Brazilian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="30959201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959201" title="Khel (1992 film)">
Khel (1992 film)

Khel (ખૅભ) is a Hindi film that released in India in 1992. This romantic comedy film was directed by actor and film-maker Rakesh Roshan. Anil Kapoor, Madhuri Dixit, Sonu Walia, Anupam Kher and Mala Sinha form its main cast. "Khel" is one of the almost dozen films that Anil Kapoor and Madhuri Dixit have done together.
The film's plot is similar to Hollywood films "Bedtime Story" and "Dirty Rotten Scoundrels".
Synopsis.
A rich widow Sulakshana Devi (Mala Sinha) lives with her son Ravi (Vijayendra Ghatge) and care-taker Balwant (Prem Chopra). One day, she receives the news that her son has died in a car accident. Meanwhile, a lady named Kamini approaches her and informs her that she is carrying her dead son Ravi's child. Sulakshana does not believe Kamini and turns her away. Sulakshana later learns from Ravi's friend Sanjay Gupta (Vivek Vaswani) that Kamini is indeed the mother of Ravi's child. Sulakshana tries her best to look for Kamini and get her home, but to no avail.
Years later, Sulakshana comes across a young man Arun (Anil Kapoor) who retrieves her purse from a thief. Happy with his honesty, Sulakshana offers Arun a job. Little does she know that Arun is in fact a crook with his eyes and heart set on her multi-crore property.
While Arun gets busy hatching plans to seize her property, Seema (Madhuri Dixit) and her uncle (Anupam Kher) enter the scene. Then follows a series of comic events and a love triangle between Arun, Seema and Tara Jaisingh (Sonu Walia).
It is revealed that Ravi's death was not an accident in the first place. What is the truth that awaits Sulakshana?

</doc>
<doc id="30959216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959216" title="Takayuki Sugiyama">
Takayuki Sugiyama

Takayuki Sugiyama (born March 24, 1976) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="30959217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959217" title="Lakewood, Western Australia">
Lakewood, Western Australia

Lakewood is a ghost town in Western Australia, located between Kalgoorlie and Kambalda in the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia.
Originally the town was known as Lakeside and in 1903 the local progress association lobbied the government for residential lots to be surveyed. The name Lakeside was not considered, as a town in Queensland with the same name already existed. The name "Gnumballa" was considered by the Kalgoorlie Road Board but when the town was gazetted in 1904 it was originally named Ngumballa. The name is Aboriginal in origin and is the local name for Hannan Lake. The name of the railway station remained as Lakeside and by 1909 the name of the town was also changed. Another station near Wiluna was named Lakeside in 1938 so the name of the town was once again changed this time to Lakewood. The town was not officially renamed until 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="30959224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959224" title="Truth and Reconciliation Commission Act">
Truth and Reconciliation Commission Act

The Truth And Reconciliation Commission Act 2008 is an Act of the eighth National Parliament of Solomon Islands establishing the country's Truth and Reconciliation Commission.
The bill was introduced by MP Sam Iduri, Minister for Peace and Reconciliation, then adopted by Parliament on August 28, 2008. It was assented to "in Her Majesty's name and on Her Majesty's behalf" by Governor-General Nathaniel Waena on September 4, and was thereby enacted.
The preamble of the Act references the fact that
The preamble goes on to mention the violence and "gross violations of human rights" which took place during the conflict, followed by the establishment of peace and efforts towards reconciliation. The purpose of the Act is given as establishing "a forum in which both the victims and the perpetrators of human rights violations share their experiences so as to get a clearer understanding of the past in order to facilitate healing and true reconciliation". The preamble also sets the Act within the continuation of the "Amnesty Act" 2000 and the "Amnesty Act" 2001.
The Act goes on to provide the functions of the Commission, defines its powers, and the means whereby it shall "promote national unity and reconciliation".

</doc>
<doc id="30959227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959227" title="SMS V107">
SMS V107

SMS "V107" was a destroyer of the Kaiserliche Marine. She was launched on 12 December 1914 and sunk by mines in Libau harbour on 8 May 1915.

</doc>
<doc id="30959238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959238" title="Gameshastra">
Gameshastra

Gameshastra is a video game company headquartered in Hyderabad, India with offices in Japan and Europe. The company tests, develops and publishes games for dedicated gaming consoles including the Sony PlayStation 3, PlayStation Portable, Nintendo DS, Wii, as well as other platforms including iOS, Android, Mac OS X, and Windows PCs.
Awards/Honors.
Red Herring 100 Global Award 2007

</doc>
<doc id="30959247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959247" title="Marija Ujević-Galetović">
Marija Ujević-Galetović

Marija Ujević Galetović (born 20 October 1933 in Zagreb) is a Croatian sculptor, but also works in the medium of painting. She lives and works in Zagreb, Croatia.
Work and artistic career.
Her work includes portraits and figures. She studied sculpture at the Central School of Art and Design in London. Since 1987 she has been teaching at the Academy of Fine Arts, University of Zagreb, where she was appointed full professor in 1995. She is also an active member of the Croatian Academy of Sciences and Arts. She is the author of numerous outdoor and indoor public sculptures including sculptures in: Virovitica, Vrsar, Zagreb, Marija Bistrica, Sinj, Cres, Rijeka, Osijek, Labin, Visoko, Bihać and Novi Sad. Some notable public sculptures include: the "Miroslav Krleža monument" in Osijek, the "Miroslav Krleža monument" in Zagreb, the "August Šenoa monument" in Zagreb, the sculpture "Runner" on the Sava River embankment in Zagreb, the "Frane Petrić monument" in Cres, the "Jakov Gotovac monument" in Osor and the "Sterija Popović monument" in Novi Sad. 
She has had many solo exhibitions in Croatia and abroad, including exhibitions at Gallery Forum (Zagreb, 1980, 1992), Gallery Sebastian (Dubrovnik, 1981), Gallery Sebastian (Belgrade, 1984), Ex Granai della Repubblica a Zitellelle (Venice, 1991), Académie de France à Rome in the Villa Medicis (Rome, 1991), HDLU (Croatian Association of Artists, Zagreb, 2005), Croatian Embassy in Rome (Rome, 2009) and Gallery Močibob (Zagreb 2010).

</doc>
<doc id="30959286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959286" title="Marcio dos Santos Silva">
Marcio dos Santos Silva

Marcio dos Santos Silva (born February 5, 1969) is a former Brazilian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="30959296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959296" title="Farouk El Okdah">
Farouk El Okdah

Farouk Abd El Baky El Okdah (, born August 1946) was the Governor of the Central Bank of Egypt "CBE" from December 2003 to February 2013.
Academic Qualifications.
- B.S. In Commerce Accounting Major from Ain Shams University 1965
- Master of Accounting (with honors) from Cairo University in 1975
- Master of Business Administration (Finance) from The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania in 1981
- PhD. in Business and Applied Economics from The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania
Managerial Positions.
- H.E. the Governor of the Central Bank of Egypt (CBE) from December 2003 until February 2013.
- Chairman & Chief Executive Officer of the National Bank of Egypt (NBE) from January 2003 until December 2003 in which he became the Governor of Central Bank of Egypt
- He acquired 19 years of banking experience from 1983 until 2002 working with Irving Trust Company
- New York which was acquired later by Bank of New York; where he has worked as Assistant Vice President for Middle East Division and as Vice President and Africa Destrict Manager
- Dr. El Okdah was the Managing Director of The International Company for Leasing "IncoLease" from 1997 until 2002. He established IncoLease while working for Bank of New York
- In addition Dr. El Okdah worked as an instructor in Accounting and Finance for The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania from 1978 until 1982
- in 1978, he was nominated by The Wharton School to serve as a consultant for The International Finance Corporation (IFC)- The World Bank
- Dr. El Okdah has been a member of the Board of Directors of Egypt Air Holding Co. since 1998
- He served as an advisor to the Governor of the Central Bank of Egypt (CBE) from 1998 to 2001 in the time of the Governor Ismail Hassan
- Dr. El Okdah used to be a member of the Board of Directors of the Egyptian Banking Federation
- He used to be a member of the Board of Directors and Treasurer of The Arab Bankers Association North America from 1987 until 1989

</doc>
<doc id="30959304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959304" title="Block v. Hirsh">
Block v. Hirsh

Block v. Hirsh, , is a United States Supreme Court case which upheld a temporary rent control law in the District of Columbia. It set a precedent in American law that government can regulate housing conditions to maintain or improve living conditions.
Facts.
Prior to World War I, housing in the United States was usually regarded as an issue best left to state and local governments. 
In the aftermath of the war, the country experienced a national housing shortage. This impelled federal intervention in the housing market, and in October 1919, Congress passed a statute establishing a commission with the power to regulate rental property in the District of Columbia. The statute allowed for the fixing of fair and reasonable rents, and secured a tenant's right of occupancy so long as he paid his rent and performed by the conditions of his lease. However, it reserved to the owner his right to possession for actual "bona fide" occupancy, as in to provide a home for himself and his relatives. This right was conditioned on the tenant being given a 30 days' notice to vacate the premises. The statute declared that its provisions were made necessary due to emergencies growing out of the war, and limited its duration to a period of two years.
Block was a tenant in an apartment building located at F Street in Washington. His lease was set to expire on December 31, 1919, but he would be allowed to remain in occupancy under the rental property statute. Hirsh, who had recently purchased the building, notified Block on December 15 and requested that he vacate the premises upon expiration of his lease. Hirsh wanted the premises for his own use, but did not see fit to give the 30 days' notice because he denied the validity of the statute. Block declined, and on review, the Court of Appeals held the statute unconstitutional. Block appealed to the Supreme Court.
Judgment.
In a 5-4 decision, the Court upheld the law as constitutional. The majority opinion was written by Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr. Congress's claim, Holmes contended, was that "circumstances have clothed the letting of buildings in the District of Columbia with a public interest so great as to justify regulation by law." These circumstances constituted a "publi, notorious, and almost worldwide fact". There was no reason to doubt that the war had bred unseemly conditions in the district, nor Congress's intention of providing an effective remedy to that end. In times of trouble, Holmes concluded, the private may be affected with a public concern, allowing governmental action otherwise considered impermissible. Moreover, condemnation for public use had been repeatedly upheld by the Court in the fields of mining, irrigation and insurance. Holmes noted that state control of privately owned buildings evoked a peculiar apprehension, but nonetheless was within regulatory reach:
The more pressing question, Holmes said, was whether the statute had gone too far in restricting the entitlement of the property owner. Beyond the general police power, and further beyond the power of eminent domain, an eventual clash with the due process right of the Fifth Amendment was inevitable. If unduly exerted, the legislation would be in violation of the takings clause. However, rate fixing in the public interest was a valid form of regulation, as had been decided in "Munn v. Illinois". Additionally, the self-imposed time limitation sufficiently dispelled any trepidation that would have been manifest in the case of a permanent change. Holmes concluded with an admonishment in the vein of judicial restraint:
Dissent.
Justice Joseph McKenna wrote a sharply worded dissent. The conditions imposed by the statute, McKenna said, were "contrary to every conception of leases that the world has ever entertained, and of the reciprocal rights and obligations of lessor and lessee." The constitutional prohibitions on denial of due process and impairment of the obligation of contracts were "so direct and definite as to need no reinforcing words", and the only question was whether the statute fell within the purview of these limitations. McKenna dismissed the claim of wartime necessity, stating that "the country has had other wars with resulting embarrassments, yet they did not induce the relaxation of constitutional requirements nor the exercise of arbitrary power." He warned that the Court's decision might presage a slippery slope of government mandates in other areas deemed necessary for the public improvement:
In light of this danger, legislative judgement should not be accorded determinative weight: "It is to be remembered that the legality of power must be estimated not by what it will do, but by what it can do." McKenna characterized the statute as an example of socialism: 
Significance.
In 1924, the rental property statute upheld in the case reached the Court for a second review. This time, despite the language being the same, the statute was struck down in a unanimous decision. In "Chastleton Corp v. Sinclair", the Court held that the emergency necessitating the measure had passed, and that that which "justified interference with ordinarily existing property rights as of 1919 had come to an end by 1922." However, from the New Deal it became clear that all forms of rent regulation were constitutional.

</doc>
<doc id="30959308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959308" title="Pterocarpan">
Pterocarpan

Pterocarpans are derivatives of isoflavonoids found in the Fabaceae family. It is a group of compounds which can be described as benzo-pyrano-furano-benzenes (i.e. 6"H"-skeleton) which can be formed by coupling of the B ring to the 4-one position.
2'-hydroxyisoflavone reductase is the enzyme responsible for the conversion in "Cicer arietinum" and glyceollin synthase for the production of glyceollins, phytoalexins in soybean.

</doc>
<doc id="30959309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959309" title="Monumenta Serica">
Monumenta Serica

Monumenta Serica - Journal of Oriental Studies (Chin. 華裔學志, Huayi xuezhi) – international academic journal of sinology. It is published by Monumenta Serica Institute in Sankt Augustin. The editor-in-chief was until 2012 Roman Malek and is now Zbigniew Wesołowski.
The journal was founded in 1934 in the Fu Jen Catholic University in Peking by Franz Xaver Biallas. It is dedicated to the study of Chinese culture and to the publication of academic contributions in the field of Chinese studies in English, German and French. The journal is published annually. Back issues of "Monumenta Serica" are accessible through JSTOR.

</doc>
<doc id="30959324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959324" title="SMS München">
SMS München

SMS "München" ("His Majesty's Ship "München"") was the fifth of seven s of the Imperial German Navy, named after the city of Munich. She was built by AG Weser in Bremen, starting in 1903, launched in April 1904, and commissioned in January 1905. Armed with a main battery of ten guns and two torpedo tubes, "München" was capable of a top speed of . 
"München" served with the fleet for the majority of her career, and saw extensive service during World War I, including at the Battle of Jutland on 31 May – 1 June 1916. There, she engaged British light cruisers on two instances, and was damaged in both; she contributed to the damaging of the cruiser during the latter engagement. "München" was torpedoed by the British submarine on 19 October 1916, and was subsequently withdrawn from service. She spent the final year of the war as a barracks ship, and was surrendered as a war prize to the British in 1920. "München" was later broken up for scrap.
Construction.
"München" was ordered under the contract name "M" and was laid down at the AG Weser shipyard in Bremen in 1903 and launched on 30 April 1904, after which fitting-out work commenced. She was commissioned into the High Seas Fleet on 10 January 1905. The ship was long overall and had a beam of and a draft of forward. She displaced at full combat load. Her propulsion system consisted of two triple-expansion engines, designed to give for a top speed of . The engines were powered by ten coal-fired Marine-type water-tube boilers. "München" carried up to of coal, which gave her a range of at . She had a crew of 14 officers and 274–287 enlisted men.
The ship was armed with ten 10.5 cm SK L/40 guns in single mounts. Two were placed side by side forward on the forecastle, six were located amidships, three on either side, and two were placed side by side aft. The guns could engage targets out to . They were supplied with 1,500 rounds of ammunition, for 150 shells per gun. She was also equipped with two torpedo tubes with five torpedoes. They were submerged in the hull on the broadside. "München" was also fitted to carry fifty naval mines. The ship was protected by an armored deck that was up to thick. The conning tower had thick sides, and the guns were protected by thick shields.
Service history.
After her commissioning, "München" was employed as a torpedo test ship and to conduct experiments with wireless telegraphy. After the outbreak of World War I in August 1914, the ship was assigned to the High Seas Fleet. She was moored in Brunsbüttel with her sister-ship , en route to Kiel via the Kaiser Wilhelm Canal on the morning of 28 August 1914. That morning, the British attacked the German patrol line in the Heligoland Bight. During the ensuing Battle of Heligoland Bight, "München" and "Danzig" were recalled and ordered to steam to the mouth of the Elbe and wait for further orders. At 12:25, the two cruisers were ordered to move into the Bight and support the cruiser , but at 14:06, "München" was instead ordered to conduct reconnaissance out to the north-east of Heligoland.
Battle of Jutland.
"München" was assigned to the IV Scouting Group during the Battle of Jutland on 31 May – 1 June 1916. The IV Scouting Group, under the command of Commodore Ludwig von Reuter, departed Wilhelmshaven at 03:30 on 31 May, along with the rest of the fleet. Tasked with screening for the fleet, "München" and the torpedo boat were positioned on the starboard side of the fleet, abreast of the III Battle Squadron.
Later in the battle, shortly after 21:00, "München" and the rest of the IV Scouting Group encountered the British 3rd Light Cruiser Squadron (3rd LCS). Reuter's ships were leading the High Seas Fleet south, away from the deployed Grand Fleet. Due to the long range and poor visibility, only "München" and were able to engage the British cruisers; "München" fired 63 shells before she had to cease fire, without scoring any hits. She was hit twice in return, however; the first hit caused minimal damage, but the second struck her third funnel. The resulting explosion damaged four of her boilers, making it difficult for her to keep steam up in all of her boilers. Reuter turned his ships hard to starboard, in order to draw the British closer to the capital ships of the German fleet, but the 3rd LCS refused to take the bait and disengaged.
During the ferocious night fighting that occurred as the High Seas Fleet forced its way through the British rear, the IV Scouting Group encountered the 2nd Light Cruiser Squadron at close range in the darkness. As the two squadrons closed on each other, the Germans illuminated and and concentrated their fire on the two ships. The two ships were badly damaged and set on fire and forced to retreat, while the Germans also fell back in an attempt to bring the British closer to the battlecruisers and . In the melee, the cruiser was hit and sunk by a torpedo launched by "Southampton", and "München" nearly collided with the sinking "Frauenlob". She managed to evade the wreck, and she then fired a torpedo at "Southampton", but it missed. "München" was hit another three times during this engagement; two of the hits exploded in the water, causing minor splinter damage. The third shell went through the second funnel and exploded on a funnel support on the other side; one of the shell splinters knocked out the starboard rangefinder. The erratic maneuvering bent a wheel shaft in the helm, forcing her crew to steer the ship from the steering gear compartment for about two and a half hours.
At 01:20, "München" and "Stettin" briefly fired on the German torpedo boats , , and before they discovered their identity. Early on the morning of 1 June, around 05:06, the pre-dreadnought battleships of the II Battle Squadron opened fire on what they thought were British submarines; the firing was so hysterical that it threatened to damage "München" and "Stettin", as they were steaming up the side of the German line. The fleet commander, Vice Admiral Reinhard Scheer, was forced to give a general "cease-fire" order. "München" in turn spotted an imaginary submarine off Heligoland at 11:40 and opened fire on the empty sea.In the course of the battle, "München" was hit by a total of five medium-caliber shells, which killed eight men and wounded another twenty. She had fired 161 rounds from her guns.
Later operations.
On 18–19 October, Scheer attempted a repeat of the original Jutland plan, which had called for a bombardment of Sunderland. While en route, "München" was hit by a torpedo launched by the submarine off the Dogger Bank. Scheer became convinced the British knew his location, and so he cancelled the operation and returned to port. "München" took on some of water, and saltwater got into her boilers, contaminating the freshwater used to produce steam. She had to be taken under tow, first by the torpedo boat , and then by her sister . By the following day, her engines were back in operation, and she steamed into the Jadebusen under her own power, where she entered the Imperial Dockyard in Wilhelmshaven. After returning to port, "München" was decommissioned in November due to the battle damage incurred the previous month. She was later employed as a barracks ship for patrol ships in 1918. She was stricken from the naval register on 5 November 1919 and ceded to the British as the war prize "Q" on 6 July 1920 under the terms of the Treaty of Versailles. They subsequently broke her up for scrap.

</doc>
<doc id="30959330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959330" title="Mimetes fimbriifolius">
Mimetes fimbriifolius

Mimetes fimbriifolius (also called Cowl Pagoda or the Fringed Pagoda) is a species of plant in the Proteaceae family. It is endemic to the Table Mountain range in the city of Cape Town, South Africa.
Appearance.
A dense, rounded, multi-branched tree that grows up to 4 metres in height, this attractive and striking plant flowers all year round and produces red and yellow branch-heads and inflorescences. The nectar-rich flowers are pollinated by sunbirds and the seeds are distributed and taken underground by ants before germinating.
Distribution.
Indigenous to the Peninsula Sandstone Fynbos of the Cape Peninsula, this small tree used to be very common on Table Mountain but harvesting for fire wood and the spread of invasive alien plants have caused it to disappear from much of its former range.
Ecology.
"Mimetes fimbriifolius" is the largest and longest-living of all "Mimetes" species. Its bark is exceptionally fire-resistant, allowing it to survive the seasonal fires that naturally sweep across all Fynbos vegetation.

</doc>
<doc id="30959340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959340" title="SMS Berlin">
SMS Berlin

SMS "Berlin" ("His Majesty's Ship "Berlin"") was the third member of the seven-vessel , built by the Imperial German Navy. Throughout her over 40-year long career, she served with the Imperial Navy, the "Reichsmarine", and the "Kriegsmarine". She was built by the Imperial Dockyard in Danzig, laid down in 1902, launched in September 1903, and commissioned into the High Seas Fleet in April 1905. Armed with a main battery of ten guns and two torpedo tubes, "Berlin" was capable of a top speed of . 
"Berlin" served in the reconnaissance forces of the High Seas Fleet from her commissioning to 1911, when she was sent abroad for overseas duties. She returned to the scouting forces the following year, where she remained through the first two years of World War I. She spent 1916 as a minelayer, and was disarmed in 1917. She was one of six cruisers permitted to Germany by the Treaty of Versailles, and she remained in service with the new "Reichsmarine" through the 1920s as a training ship. She was withdrawn from active duty in 1929, and later used as a barracks ship by the "Kriegsmarine", a role she filled through World War II. After the end of the war, she was loaded with chemical weapons and scuttled in the Skagerrak.
Construction.
"Berlin" was ordered under the contract name "Ersatz" and was laid down at the Imperial Dockyard in Danzig in 1902 and launched on 22 September 1903, after which fitting-out work commenced. She was commissioned into the High Seas Fleet on 4 April 1905. The ship was long overall and had a beam of and a draft of forward. She displaced at full combat load. Her propulsion system consisted of two triple-expansion engines, designed to give for a top speed of . The engines were powered by ten coal-fired Marine-type water-tube boilers. "Berlin" carried up to of coal, which gave her a range of at . She had a crew of 14 officers and 274–287 enlisted men.
The ship was armed with ten 10.5 cm SK L/40 guns in single mounts. Two were placed side by side forward on the forecastle, six were located amidships, three on either side, and two were placed side by side aft. The guns could engage targets out to . They were supplied with 1,500 rounds of ammunition, for 150 shells per gun. She was also equipped with two torpedo tubes with five torpedoes. They were submerged in the hull on the broadside. In 1915, "Berlin" was modified to carry 80 naval mines. The ship was protected by an armored deck that was up to thick. The conning tower had thick sides, and the guns were protected by thick shields.
Service history.
After her commissioning, "Berlin" was assigned to the reconnaissance forces of the High Seas Fleet. In 1911, she was deployed abroad for service on foreign stations. She returned to Germany the following year, and rejoined the fleet cruiser squadron. In October 1913, the ship left Germany again bound for Veracruz, to relieve in the Caribbean. In 1915, the ship was retrofitted to carry 80 mines. She was in drydock in May 1916, and so she was unavailable for the Battle of Jutland on the last day of the month. In October 1916, the British submarine attacked "Berlin", but its torpedoes missed. After the end of the year, "Berlin" was disarmed. She was thereafter used as a coastal defense ship, a role she performed through to the end of the war in 1918.
"Berlin" was among the six light cruisers Germany was permitted to retain by the Treaty of Versailles. In the service of the newly reorganized "Reichsmarine", "Berlin" served as a training cruiser, starting in 1922. That year, Wilhelm Canaris was assigned to the ship, which went to Norway in November 1923. In January 1924, "Berlin" departed German waters for an extended overseas cruise, which was the first time a German warship had done so since the end of World War I. While on the cruise, Canaris met a naval cadet by the name of Reinhard Heydrich, who went on to become a close friend and eventual architect of The Holocaust. In 1928, "Berlin" conducted a training cruise around the world, which included a stop in Fremantle. Training duties lasted until 1929, when she was withdrawn from service. Starting in 1935, the "Kriegsmarine" used "Berlin" as a barracks ship in Kiel. There, she survived World War II; in the aftermath of the war, she was loaded with chemical weapons and scuttled in the Skaggerak to dispose of them, on 31 May 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="30959343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959343" title="South Riding (2011 miniseries)">
South Riding (2011 miniseries)

South Riding is a BBC serial in three parts from 2011, based on the 1936 novel "South Riding" by Winifred Holtby. It is directed by Diarmuid Lawrence and written by Andrew Davies. It stars Anna Maxwell Martin, David Morrissey, Peter Firth, Douglas Henshall, Penelope Wilton and John Henshaw.
The first episode aired on BBC One and BBC HD 20 February 2011, the two remaining on the following Sundays. In the United States, it aired on PBS's "Masterpiece" in May 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="30959365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959365" title="SMS Stuttgart">
SMS Stuttgart

SMS "Stuttgart" was a "Königsberg" class light cruiser of the Kaiserliche Marine, named after the city of Stuttgart. She had three sister ships: , , and . "Stuttgart" was laid down at the Imperial Dockyard in Danzig in 1905, launched in September 1906, and commissioned in February 1908. Like her sisters, "Stettin" was armed with a main battery of ten guns and a pair of torpedo tubes, and was capable of a top speed in excess of .
"Stuttgart" was used as a gunnery training ship from her commissioning to the outbreak of World War I in August 1914, when she was mobilized into the reconnaissance forces of the High Seas Fleet. There, she saw action at the Battle of Jutland, where she engaged the British cruiser . "Stuttgart" was not damaged during the battle. She was converted into a seaplane tender in 1918, and after the end of the war, was surrendered to Britain as a war prize in 1920 and subsequently broken up for scrap.
Construction.
"Stuttgart" was ordered under the contract name "O" and was laid down at the Imperial Dockyard in Danzig in 1905. She was launched on 22 September 1906, after which fitting-out work commenced. She was commissioned into the High Seas Fleet on 1 February 1908. The ship was long overall and had a beam of and a draft of forward. She displaced at full combat load. Her propulsion system consisted of two 3-cylinder triple expansion engines powered by eleven coal-fired Marine-type boilers. These provided a top speed of and a range of approximately at . "Stuttgart" had a crew of 14 officers and 308 enlisted men.
The ship was armed with ten 10.5 cm SK L/45 guns in single pedestal mounts. Two were placed side by side forward on the forecastle, six were located amidships, three on either side, and two were side by side aft. The guns had a maximum elevation of 30 degrees, which allowed them to engage targets out to . They were supplied with 1,500 rounds of ammunition, for 150 shells per gun. The ship was also equipped with eight 5.2 cm SK L/55 guns with 4,000 rounds of ammunition. She was also equipped with a pair of torpedo tubes with five torpedoes submerged in the hull on the broadside. The ship was protected by an armored deck that was thick amidships. The conning tower had thick sides.
Service history.
After her commissioning into the High Seas Fleet, "Stuttgart" was used as a gunnery training ship for the Fleet's gunners. At the outbreak of World War I, she was mobilized and served with the Fleet, along with the other gunnery ships like the armored cruiser . After the outbreak of war, she and several other cruisers were tasked with patrol duties in the Heligoland Bight. The cruisers were divided with the torpedo boat flotillas, and assigned to rotate through nightly patrols into the North Sea. As part of this operation, "Stuttgart" conducted a patrol on the night of 15 August with and the I and II Torpedo-boat Flotillas, without incident.
On 15–16 December, "Stuttgart" participated in the bombardment of Scarborough, Hartlepool and Whitby. She was assigned to the cruiser screen of the High Seas Fleet, which was providing distant cover to Rear Admiral Franz von Hipper's battlecruisers while they were conducting the bombardment. Following reports of British destroyers from the German screen, Admiral von Ingenohl ordered the High Seas Fleet to turn to port and head for Germany. At 06:59, "Stuttgart", the armored cruiser , and the light cruiser encountered Commander Jones' destroyers. Jones shadowed the Germans until 07:40, at which point "Stuttgart" and "Hamburg" were detached to sink their pursuers. At 08:02, however, "Roon" signaled the two light cruisers and ordered them to abandon the pursuit and retreat along with the rest of the High Seas Fleet.
On 7 May 1915, the IV Scouting Group, which by then consisted of "Stuttgart", "Stettin", , and , and twenty-one torpedo boats was sent into the Baltic Sea to support a major operation against Russian positions at Libau. The operation was commanded by Rear Admiral Hopman, the commander of the reconnaissance forces in the Baltic. The IV Scouting Group was tasked with screening to the north to prevent any Russian naval forces from moving out of the Gulf of Finland undetected, while several armored cruisers and other warships bombarded the port. The Russians did attempt to intervene with a force of four cruisers: "Admiral Makarov", "Bayan", "Oleg", and "Bogatyr". The Russian ships briefly engaged "München", but both sides were unsure of the others' strength, and so both disengaged. Shortly after the bombardment, Libau was captured by the advancing German army, and "Stuttgart" and the rest of the IV Scouting Group were recalled to the High Seas Fleet.
Battle of Jutland.
"Stuttgart" was assigned to the IV Scouting Group during the Battle of Jutland on 31 May – 1 June 1916. The IV Scouting Group, under the command of Commodore Ludwig von Reuter, departed Wilhelmshaven at 03:30 on 31 May, along with the rest of the fleet. Tasked with screening for the fleet, "Stuttgart" and the torpedo boat were positioned at the rear of the fleet, astern of the II Battle Squadron. "Stuttgart" and the IV Scouting Group were not heavily engaged during the early phases of the battle, but around 21:30, they encountered the British 3rd Light Cruiser Squadron (3rd LCS). Reuter's ships were leading the High Seas Fleet south, away from the deployed Grand Fleet. Due to the long range and poor visibility, only "München" and "Stettin" were able to engage the British cruisers. "Stuttgart" was the fourth ship in the line, and her gunners could only make out one British ship in the haze. Since that ship was already being engaged by the other German cruisers, "Stuttgart" held her fire. Reuter turned his ships hard to starboard, in order to draw the British closer to the capital ships of the German fleet, but the 3rd LCS refused to take the bait and disengaged.
During the ferocious night fighting that occurred as the High Seas Fleet forced its way through the British rear, the IV Scouting Group encountered the 2nd Light Cruiser Squadron at close range in the darkness. As the two squadrons closed on each other, the Germans illuminated and and concentrated their fire on the two ships. "Stuttgart" and fired on "Dublin". During this period, "Dublin" was hit by eight shells, probably all from "Stuttgart", though these hits did not do serious damage. The two British ships were badly damaged and set on fire and forced to retreat, while the Germans also fell back in an attempt to bring the British closer to the battlecruisers and . In the melee, the cruiser was hit and sunk by a torpedo launched by "Southampton"; this forced "Stuttgart" to haul out of line to starboard. She then lost contact with the rest of the IV Scouting Group, so she fell in with the I Battle Squadron. She was present during a later encounter with British light forces around midnight. She remained concealed in the darkness and observed the I Battle Squadron dreadnoughts hammering several British destroyers. The British meanwhile launched torpedoes at the German line, which forced it to turn away. "Stuttgart" had to thread her way in between the battleships and in the darkness.
By 02:30, "Stuttgart" was steaming at the head of the German line, ahead of , the leading battleship. She led the I Battle Squadron back to port, and later assisted the III Battle Squadron and the fleet flagship, . In the course of the battle, "Stuttgart" had fired 64 rounds, the least of all of the German cruisers in the battle. She emerged from the battle unscathed, unlike many of the other German cruisers.
Conversion and fate.
Earlier in the war, the German Navy had experimented with converting steamers into seaplane tenders. They were too slow to operate with the fleet, however, and so a faster alternative was needed. By 1918, the Navy had decided to convert "Stuttgart", which was fast enough to steam with the fleet; conversion work started in February 1918. The work was done at the Imperial Dockyard in Wilhelmshaven, and was completed in May. As a seaplane tender, her forward and rear 10.5 cm guns, and the two rearmost broadside guns were removed, leaving only four broadside guns remaining. Two 8.8 cm SK L/45 anti-aircraft guns were installed forward; she retained her submerged torpedo tubes. Two large hangars were installed aft of the funnels, with space for two seaplanes; a third seaplane was carried on top of the hangars. Since "Stuttgart" could carry only three aircraft, a number which was deemed insufficient to support the entire High Seas Fleet, plans were drawn up to convert "Roon" into a seaplane carrier as well. Neither ship was ever used operationally. "Stuttgart" survived the war, and was stricken from the naval register on 5 November 1919. She was surrendered to the United Kingdom on 20 July 1920, as the war prize "S" and subsequently broken up for scrap.

</doc>
<doc id="30959377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959377" title="1995 World Championships in Athletics – Women's 400 metres">
1995 World Championships in Athletics – Women's 400 metres

These are the results of the Women's 400 metres event at the 1995 World Championships in Athletics in Gothenburg, Sweden.
Results.
Heats.
First 3 of each heat (Q) and the next 3 fastest (q) qualified for the semifinals.
Semifinals.
First 2 of each heat (Q) and the next 2 fastest (q) qualified for the final.

</doc>
<doc id="30959405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959405" title="Artur Rother">
Artur Rother

Artur Martin Rother (12 October 188522 September 1972) was a German conductor who worked mainly in the opera house.
He was born in Stettin, Pomerania (now Szczecin, Poland). His father was an organist and music teacher. He studied under Hugo Kaun and other teachers. By the age of 20, in 1906, he was conducting in Wiesbaden, and was assistant conductor for the Bayreuth Festival 1907-14. He was Generalmusikdirektor in Dessau 1927-34.
After the Nazis came to power in Germany, Rother joined the Militant League for German Culture (Kampfbund für deutsche Kultur) 1933 for 1 year and was not member of the Nazi Party (Look : Wikipedia in German).
From 1934 he conducted at the Deutsche Oper Berlin, succeeding Bruno Walter, and was appointed Generalmusikdirektor there by in 1937. In 1941 he brought out his own edition of Mozart's "Idomeneo". He was replaced by Hans Schmidt-Isserstedt. From 1946 to 1949 he was chief conductor of the Berlin Radio Symphony Orchestra, based in East Berlin. Subsequently, he was a guest conductor of the RIAS Symphony Orchestra and the Städtische Oper Berlin. He was guest conductor with the Berlin Philharmonic in 1960-61. Rother was an honorary member of the Deutsche Oper Berlin from 1965. Between 1935 and 1964 Rother conducted 41 concerts with the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra (also in Paris and Spain.) ID 696.318 
He died in Aschau im Chiemgau in 1972, aged 86.
Recordings.
Artur Rother's recordings include excerpts from operas by Beethoven ("Fidelio"), Bizet ("Carmen"), Boieldieu ("La dame blanche"), Glinka ("Ruslan and Ludmila"), Flotow ("Alessandro Stradella"), Gluck ("Iphigénie en Aulide"), Gounod ("Faust"), Humperdinck ("Hänsel und Gretel"), Leoncavallo ("Pagliacci"), Mascagni ("Cavalleria rusticana"), Mozart ("The Magic Flute", "The Marriage of Figaro"), Nicolai ("The Merry Wives of Windsor"), Offenbach ("The Tales of Hoffmann"), Puccini ("La bohème", "Madama Butterfly"), Richard Strauss ("Salome"), Tchaikovsky ("Eugene Onegin", "The Queen of Spades"), Verdi ("Don Carlos", "The Sicilian Vespers", "Simon Boccanegra", "Il trovatore"), Wagner ("Lohengrin", "Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg", "Rienzi", "Tannhäuser"), and Weber ("Der Freischütz", "Oberon").
Singers who sang under his baton included: Peter Anders, Erna Berger, Walter Berry, Kim Borg, Maria Cebotari, Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau, Josef Greindl, Hans Hotter, James King, Margarete Klose, Tiana Lemnitz, Max Lorenz, Christa Ludwig, Walther Ludwig, Martha Mödl, Helge Rosvaenge, Heinrich Schlusnus, Karl Schmitt-Walter, Rita Streich, Ludwig Suthaus, Wolfgang Windgassen and Fritz Wunderlich,
He also recorded Beethoven's "Emperor" Concerto with Walter Gieseking; Beethoven's G major Violin Romance and Tchaikovsky's Violin Concerto with Georg Kulenkampff; and Khachaturian's Violin Concerto in D minor with Gerhard Taschner. At the beginning of the stereo era he accompanied pianist Jakob Gimpel in recordings for Ariola of piano concertos by Beethoven (No.4), Grieg and Schumann.

</doc>
<doc id="30959408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959408" title="Masaki Tsukano">
Masaki Tsukano

Masaki Tsukano (塚野 真樹, born October 12, 1970) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="30959412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959412" title="Morsel">
Morsel

Morsel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30959448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959448" title="Sphinx chisoya">
Sphinx chisoya

The Chisoya Sphinx ("Sphinx chisoya") is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from tropical and subtropical lowlands from southern Texas to Mexico.
The wingspan is 70-82 mm. The forewing upperside is dark grey to bluish grey with narrow black streaks. The posterior margin of the discal cell is marked by a dark line. There is a dark, wavy submarginal line which is made more prominent by a light grey band distal to it. The hindwing upperside is dark grey, with two diffuse, light grey bands.

</doc>
<doc id="30959475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959475" title="Sunshine Open Invitational">
Sunshine Open Invitational

The Sunshine Open Invitational was a PGA Tour event that played for one year at the Bayshore Country Club in Miami Beach, Florida. The 72-hole tournament was held from March 23–26, 1961; and was won by then 25 year-old Gary Player with a score of 273. Player received $3,500 in winnings. Arnold Palmer finished second winning $2,300. The Bayshore Country Club, now known as Miami Beach Golf Club, opened in 1923.

</doc>
<doc id="30959479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959479" title="Yoshihiko Matsuoka">
Yoshihiko Matsuoka

Yoshihiko Matsuoka (born July 29, 1977) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="30959501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959501" title="Raninagar I (community development block)">
Raninagar I (community development block)

Raninagar I (community development block) is an administrative division in Domkol subdivision of Murshidabad district in the Indian state of West Bengal. Islampur police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is at Goas.There is one census town in the block: Harharia Chak.
Geography.
Islampur is located at 
Raninagar I community development block has an area of 171.07 km2.
Though the main administrative blocks are situated in Goas, the main bazaar of this block is Islampur. It consists of one general degree college (Murshidabad Adarsa Mahavidyalaya), one co-ed Higher Secondary School (Chak Islampur S.C.M. High School) and one Secondary Girls' School (Islampur Girls' High School). Three nationalised banks (United Bank Of India, Bank of Baroda and State Bank of India) serves this area. There are four ATMs operating presently (Axis Bank,UBI,SBI,ICICI) with Bank Of Baroda bank ATM opening shortly.
Gram panchayats.
Gram panchayats of Raninagar I block/ panchayat samiti are: 
Herampur, Hurshi, Islampur Chak, Lochanpur, Paharpur, and Tenkaraipur Balumati.
Demographics.
As per 2001 census, Raninagar I block has a total population of 154,559, out of which 79,565 were males and 74,994 were females. Raninagar I block registered a population growth of 22.22 per cent during the 1991-2001 decade. Decadal growth for the district was 23.70 per cent. Decadal growth in West Bengal was 17.84 per cent.
Healthcare.
Raninagar I block is one of the areas where ground water is affected by arsenic contamination. 
The whole block is served by Islampur Gramin Haspatal which is in poor condition as almost all the hospitals of rural Bengal.

</doc>
<doc id="30959512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959512" title="Raninagar II (community development block)">
Raninagar II (community development block)

Raninagar II (community development block) is an administrative division in Domkol subdivision of Murshidabad district in the Indian state of West Bengal. Raninagar police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is at Raninagar.
Geography.
Malibari, a constituent panchayat in Raninagar II block, is located at 
Raninagar II community development block has an area of 195.56 km2.
Gram panchayats.
Gram panchayats of Raninagar II block/ panchayat samiti are: 
Kalinagar I, Kalinagar II, Katlamari I, Katlamari II, Malibari I, Malibari II, Rajapur, Raninagar I and Raninagar II.
Raninagar-I Gram Panchayat is situated at Raninagar Bazar, There is 17 nos. of sansad in the G.P area.There is three moujas 83-Babaltali, 82-Deputipara, 81-Godhanpara. Ilsemari, Godhanpara, Panipia, Deputipara, Raninagar Purba, Raninagar Paschim, Raninagar Madhya, Babaltali Sarkarpara, Babaltali Mondalpara, Najarana, Lalchandabad are the villages of the G.P. The name of the prodhan of Raninagar-I G.P. Champa Khatun Bibi.
Demographics.
As per 2001 census, Raninagar II block has a total population of 155,612, out of which 80,635 were males and 74,977 were females. Raninagar II block registered a population growth of 17.29 per cent during the 1991-2001 decade. Decadal growth for the district was 23.70 per cent.Decadal growth in West Bengal was 17.84 per cent.
Healthcare.
Raninagar II block is one of the areas where ground water is affected by arsenic contamination. three hospitals Katlamari hospital, Nabipur hospital & Godhanpara Block Primary Health Centre.

</doc>
<doc id="30959514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959514" title="Erica turgida">
Erica turgida

Erica turgida (the Showy Heath or Kenilworth Heath) is a species of erica that was naturally restricted to the city of Cape Town, South Africa, but is now classified as Extinct in the Wild. 
This small, delicate erica produces thin, willowy stems, covered in velvety hair. It produces masses of bright-pink, cup-shaped flowers.
This Erica used to grow naturally in the area that is now beneath the Cape Town suburbs of Rondebosch, Kenilworth and Wynberg. 
It was therefore an endemic to the critically endangered Cape Flats Sand Fynbos vegetation type. Soon before the last wild population died out at Kenilworth Racecourse Conservation Area, a woman named Elsie Esterhuizen took cuttings to Kirstenbosch gardens and thus saved the species from permanent extinction.
Along with its fellow extinct-in-the-wild heath, "Erica verticillata", it is now being re-introduced to the Kenilworth Racecourse Conservation Area, now that the spread of the invasive alien vegetation there has been controlled.

</doc>
<doc id="30959515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959515" title="Museo Soumaya">
Museo Soumaya

The Museo Soumaya is a private museum in the Nuevo Polanco area of Mexico City. Admission to the museum is free. It is owned by the Carlos Slim Foundation and contains the extensive art, religious relics, historical documents, and coin collection of Carlos Slim and his late wife Soumaya, after whom the museum was named.
The museum holds works by many of the best known European artists from the 15th to the 20th century. It contains a large collection of casts of sculptures by Auguste Rodin.
The museum was founded in 1994. In 2011 it opened a new location which cost over $70 million to build. The new building, a shiny silver cloud-like structure reminiscent of a Rodin sculpture, was designed by the Mexican architect Fernando Romero, who is married to a daughter of Carlos Slim, and engineered with Ove Arup and Frank Gehry.
Collection.
The Museo Soumaya has a collection of over 66,000 pieces of art. The majority of the art consists of European works from the 15th to the 20th century. It also holds Mexican art, religious relics, and historical documents and coins. The museum contains the world's largest collection of pre-Hispanic and colonial era coins. It also holds the largest collection of casts of sculptures by Auguste Rodin outside of France, and the world's largest private collection of his art. Slim owns a total of 380 casts and works of art by Rodin. His late wife, whom he credits with teaching him much of what he knows about art, was an admirer of Rodin's work. In addition to Rodin, some notable European artists whose work is displayed include Salvador Dalí, Pablo Picasso, the circle of Leonardo da Vinci, Pierre-Auguste Renoir, Joan Miró, Vincent van Gogh, Henri Matisse, Claude Monet, Bartolomé Esteban Murillo, El Greco, and Tintoretto. The most valuable work of art in the collection is believed to be a version of Madonna of the Yarnwinder by a member of the circle of Leonardo da Vinci. Another version of the same painting has been valued at over £30 Million. Several Mexican artists are also featured, including Diego Rivera and Rufino Tamayo. The director of the museum has claimed that the total worth of the art it holds is over $700 million.
The museum's director, Alfonso Miranda, has described its approach as "not a copy of the Occident; what we have is a whole new version of things." The museum notably includes some types of European art that have not been permanently displayed in Latin America in the past.
Carlos Slim bought a large number of sculptures by Rodin in the 1980s while their value was at a low ebb. The values of many pieces he bought for the collection have soared since then. Some critics have claimed that Slim valued quantity over quality when amassing his collection, however. In Mexican art circles, it is said, perhaps apocryphally, that he has calculated the average cost per kilogram of Rodin’s works.
Building.
The Museo Soumaya was originally located at the site of an old paper factory, in the Plaza Loreto of San Ángel, in the southern part of Mexico City. The building featured four distinct rooms each of which had a specific theme.
In 2011 the main collection moved to a new building, constructed in the northern part of Mexico City. The new building is a high six story building that is covered by 16,000 hexagonal aluminum tiles. The aluminum used in the project was supplied by a company that is also owned by Carlos Slim. The museum has a narrow entrance that opens into a large white gallery. The top floor of the building is opened so that it is illuminated by sunlight during the daytime. In addition to the art galleries, the new building contains a library, restaurant, and an auditorium that seats 350 people.
Slim and Romero discussed the design of the building extensively, even going over details of the planned construction during family gatherings. Slim, who was trained as an engineer, has referred to himself as a co-architect of the building. Romero has denied that nepotism was a factor in his selection as architect. Before being selected as the architect for the project he had won several international architecture awards, although this was the largest project that he had ever undertaken. Each of the six floors of the museum are distinctly shaped. The weight of the building is upheld by an exoskeleton of 28 curved steel vertical columns and seven beams encircling the structure built by a Slim owned company that manufactures offshore oil rigs. In addition, the roof is kept stable through its suspension from a cantilever. The floors are made of high quality marble that was imported from Greece.
The new location of the Museo Soumaya was officially inaugurated in February 28, 2011 with a large VIP gala that culminated in a ceremonial ribbon cutting. Notable guests that participated in the ribbon cutting included Felipe Calderón, Gabriel García Márquez, Evelyn Robert de Rothschild, and Larry King. The new building opened to the public on March 28, 2011. Admission to the museum is now free of charge and the operating costs are covered by Slim's fortune, which was the world's largest at the time the new location opened.
The museum is located in a large mixed-use development, Plaza Carso in Nuevo Polanco. This project was also built by Carlos Slim and features many of his companies, as well as a luxury hotel and several apartment buildings. The entire development cost almost $800 million to build.
Critical reception.
Mexican president Felipe Calderón praised the museum as a place where "Mexicans can learn about the great masters of all time". Slim himself described the museum as his attempt to increase the "humanistic capital" of Mexico City. He has noted that since many Mexicans cannot afford to travel to Europe to view art collections there, it was important to house a prestigious collection of European art in Mexico itself. Some commentators, including Larry King, have predicted that the museum will cause an increase in the amount of tourists from the United States who visit Mexico City. Indeed, it attracted 833,196 visitors in its inaugural year.
Headlines such as "Carlos Slim's Xanadu?: Reactions to the World's Richest Man's Overweening New Museo Soumaya", "Emperor's New Museum", and "Photos: World's Richest Man Opens World's Flashiest Museum" reflect criticisms of Carlos Slim as a business man, the quality of the work exhibited, and the quality of the building.

</doc>
<doc id="30959527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959527" title="Fiat-Omsky armoured car">
Fiat-Omsky armoured car

The Fiat-Omsky was a light armoured car of the White Army in the Russian Civil War 1917-1923. It was based on a Fiat "Tipo 55" frame supplied from the United States of America. A series of about 15 units was built. This is the only serial armoured car built by the Russian White Army.

</doc>
<doc id="30959539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959539" title="Sphinx adumbrata">
Sphinx adumbrata

Sphinx adumbrata is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Mexico. 
The thorax upperside, head upperside and palpi are grey. There is a narrow, black mesial line on the abdomen upperside with five elliptical, pale yellow spots. The abdomen underside is grey with a mesial black line. The forewing upperside is also grey, with a black basal patch on the hind margin and a black line in the discal cell. The hindwing upperside is grey with diffuse, dark, basal mesial and submarginal bands.

</doc>
<doc id="30959546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959546" title="2003–04 Atlético Madrid season">
2003–04 Atlético Madrid season

Atlético de Madrid firmly re-established itself in La Liga, thanks to a 7th place finish. The season saw Fernando Torres taking another step towards superstardom, scoring 19 goals in the season during which he turned 20 years, which led to a call-up to the Spanish squad for the EURO 2004. The finish was still not enough to satisfy the owner family Gil, resulting in coach Gregorio Manzano unexpectedly getting the sack.

</doc>
<doc id="30959556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959556" title="Yoichi Kajiyama">
Yoichi Kajiyama

Yoichi Kajiyama (born September 8, 1971) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="30959569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959569" title="Johann Prokop Mayer">
Johann Prokop Mayer

Johann Prokop Mayer (2 July 1737, Smečno - 25. Juli 1804) was an Austrian naturalist and botanist.
He created the flower gardens at the Würzburg Residence.

</doc>
<doc id="30959572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959572" title="Sphinx formosana">
Sphinx formosana

Sphinx formosana is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the northern central mountains of Taiwan.

</doc>
<doc id="30959579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959579" title="Arthur Carkeek">
Arthur Carkeek

Arthur Wakefield Carkeek (1843 – 1897) was a member of the Armed Constabulary in the New Zealand Wars, and was one of only 23 recipients of the New Zealand Cross for gallantry. Later he was a civil engineer and land surveyor.
Early life.
He was born in Nelson in 1843, a son of Stephen Carkeek, and brother of Frances Ann Stewart (née Carkeek).
Military career.
He was a Sergeant in the Armed Constabulary at Ohinemutu during the Te Kooti's War episode of the New Zealand Wars. On 7 February 1870 the force of Arawas under Captain Mair at Ohinemutu was attacked by Te Kooti and his force. Thomas McDonnell needed to be told of the location of Te Kooti and his force, but Carkeek could not find a Māori willing to go thirty miles through the bush to McDonnell at Tapapa. He decided to go himself, and a Māori agreed to accompany him. They started at daylight on the 8th, and arrived at Tapapa about 3 pm, after traversing dense bush where they were likely to be surprised by the enemy.
Later life and death.
He was an engineer and land surveyor based in Otaki. He married Eydthe Muller, a daughter of Dr Muller in 1873; they had a son and daughter.
He died on 24 May 1897 in Wairau Hospital, Blenheim aged 54 years. He was buried in the Omaka Cemetery, Blenheim with Military and Masonic ceremony.

</doc>
<doc id="30959588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959588" title="Gare de Château-l'Évêque">
Gare de Château-l'Évêque

Château-l'Évêque is a railway station in Château-l'Évêque, Aquitaine, France. The station is located on the Limoges-Bénédictins - Périgueux railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF.
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Château-l'Évêque:

</doc>
<doc id="30959600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959600" title="Sphinx constricta">
Sphinx constricta

Sphinx constricta is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Japan.
It is similar to "Sphinx ligustri", especially the pattern, but the pink colour is less intense. Furthermore, the antemedian and median pale bands on the hindwing upperside are connected at the costal and inner margins, which can also be observed in "Sphinx ligustri", but only on rare occasions.
The larvae feed on "Enkianthus perulatus", "Helwingia japonica", "Ilex crenata", "Ilex macropoda", "Rhododendron", "Spiraea salicifolia", "Spiraea thunbergii", "Viburnum dilatatum" and "Weigela hortensis".

</doc>
<doc id="30959607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959607" title="Gare d'Agonac">
Gare d'Agonac

Agonac is a railway station in Agonac, Aquitaine, France. The station is located on the Limoges-Bénédictins - Périgueux railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF.
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Agonac:

</doc>
<doc id="30959608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959608" title="Koji Yoshinari">
Koji Yoshinari

Koji Yoshinari (born May 19, 1974) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="30959620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959620" title="All Saints Church, Ellough">
All Saints Church, Ellough

All Saints Church, Ellough, is a redundant Anglican church in the parish of Ellough in the English county of Suffolk. The church is medieval in origin and is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building, and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands in an isolated position on the top of a low hill, some to the south-east of Beccles.
History.
The church dates from the 14th century, and a south porch was added in 1602, paid for by Thomas Love. Wall paintings were removed in 1643 when William Dowling, a strict puritan, visited the church. Land from the glebe of the church of St Marys in Willingham St Mary, the site of which is visible from the church, was consolidated with Ellough in the 18th century. The church was restored in 1882 by William Butterfield, including the replacement of the east window. Its parish was combined with that of Weston in the 1970s and All Saints was largely closed with only occasional services taking place.
Richard Aldous Arnold became rector of Ellough in 1830, a post he held for more than 60 years. He was the father of Australian politician William Munnings Arnold and the rower Frederick Arnold, both of whom were born at Ellough. Memorials to Arnold and his wife are found on the south wall of the chancel. Arnold is credited with building the parsonage immediately to the west of the church, which dates to around 1830 and is a Grade II listed building.
Architecture.
All Saints is constructed in flint rubble with stone dressings. The nave is rendered, and the roofs are felted. Its plan consists of a two-bay nave, a two-bay chancel, a south porch, a north organ chamber and a west tower. The tower dates from the 14th century and is unbuttressed. It has two-light bell openings containing Y-tracery, and a flat parapet. The nave contains 15th-century two-light windows. Its north doorway is blocked, and the south nave doorway and porch date from the 19th century. The chancel has two-light windows on its sides, and a three-light 19th-century east window.
Inside the church is a 14th-century piscina and a sedilia. The stairs leading to the former rood loft are still present. The octagonal font dates from the 15th century, and its bowl is carved with shields and flowers. The reredos and the chancel ceiling were designed by Butterfield. The memorials include two brasses in the sanctuary, and there is a ledger slab dating from the middle of the 18th century in the chancel. Many of the fittings have been removed.

</doc>
<doc id="30959622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959622" title="Sphinx centrosinaria">
Sphinx centrosinaria

Sphinx centrosinaria is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Sichuan, Yunnan and Tibet in southern China.
The wingspan is about 76 mm. It is very similar in colour and pattern to "Sphinx crassistriga", but larger, the forewing is more elongate and apically pointed.
The larvae probably feed on Pinaceae species.

</doc>
<doc id="30959623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959623" title="Gare de Négrondes">
Gare de Négrondes

Négrondes is a railway station in Négrondes, Aquitaine, France. The station is located on the Limoges-Bénédictins - Périgueux railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF.
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Négrondes:

</doc>
<doc id="30959635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959635" title="Gare de Thiviers">
Gare de Thiviers

Thiviers is a railway station in Thiviers, Aquitaine, France. The station is located on the Limoges-Bénédictins - Périgueux railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF. 
The following services currently call at Thiviers:

</doc>
<doc id="30959636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959636" title="Candysuck">
Candysuck

Candysuck was a Swedish riot grrrl punk band in the early 1990s. They were based in Västerås and originally consisted of Marit Bergman, Nathalie Stern, Maria "Pez" Sahlin, Anna-Lena Carlsson and Nettis Wisén. When Nettiz became pregnant she was replaced by Daniel Värjö.

</doc>
<doc id="30959642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959642" title="Erica mammosa">
Erica mammosa

Erica mammosa (the Nine-pin Heath) is a species of erica that was naturally restricted to the south-western corner of the Western Cape, South Africa.
It produces masses of flowers in a range of colours from light-pink to orange to bright red.
The species name ""mammosa"" means "with breasts" and refers to the udder-like shape of the flowers.
This plant is increasingly popular as an ornamental garden subject.

</doc>
<doc id="30959648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959648" title="Gare de La Coquille">
Gare de La Coquille

La Coquille is a railway station in La Coquille, Aquitaine, France. The station is located on the Limoges-Bénédictins - Périgueux railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF.
Train Services.
The following services currently call at La Coquille:

</doc>
<doc id="30959668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959668" title="List of Secrets episodes">
List of Secrets episodes

"Secrets" ("Saladused") is an Estonian television drama series created by . Each story is made by different producer, such as Anri Rulkov, Arbo Tammiksaar, Rando Pettai, Marianne Kõrver, Ergo Kuld, Jan-Erik Nõgisto, Rain Tolk.
Tuuli Roosma's presented show recovers the Estonian people relationship dramas and scandals.
Its premiere was on Kanal 2 on 31 March 2008.
Episodes.
<onlyinclude>
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="30959679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959679" title="Sphinx crassistriga">
Sphinx crassistriga

Sphinx crassistriga is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Japan.
The length of the forewings is about 38 mm. The upperside of the body is pale brown, while the underside of the body is cinnamon brown. The forewing upperside is wood brown with brownish black markings and the underside of both wings is somewhat greyish brown. The hindwing upperside is brown.

</doc>
<doc id="30959689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959689" title="Gare de Bussière-Galant">
Gare de Bussière-Galant

Bussière-Galant is a railway station in Bussière-Galant, Limousin, France. The station is located on the Limoges-Bénédictins - Périgueux railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF.
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Bussière-Galant:

</doc>
<doc id="30959706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959706" title="South Tyrolean Apple PGI">
South Tyrolean Apple PGI

The trademark South Tyrolean Apple PGI is used for apples which are cultivated in South Tyrol in a traditional manner. South Tyrol is Europe's largest connected fruit-growing region. Since 2005, eleven of the more than one dozen different apple varieties have been awarded the "Protected Geographical Indication" (PGI) seal by the EU and are recognised across the EU as regional specialities. The trademark "South Tyrolean Apple PGI" is used by all of South Tyrol's marketing companies for export.
History.
The first apple trees evolved in Kazakhstan in central Asia. The apples reached the Greeks via the Silk Road and were finally brought to South Tyrol with the Roman conquests. In the Middle Ages the cultivation of apples was practised mainly in monasteries. They preserved the varieties of apple and knowledge of fruit-growing. For many hundreds of years apple trees were planted around the farmstead for the use of the farmer's family. At this time the South Tyrolean Apple was already being exported north across the alpine passes. The construction of a railway line through the Brenner Pass in 1867 facilitated the export of apples. From 1880 – 1890 South Tyrolean fruit farmers drained water from the bottom of the valley by controlling the River Etsch/Adige and in so doing gained useful cultivation land. The first fruit cooperatives were established at the end of the 19th century. Since then apple cultivation has been of major importance in South Tyrol.
Apple-producing region.
With its 18,400 hectares South Tyrol is the largest closed apple-producing region in the EU. With a valley length of approx. 100 km it stretches from Salurn in the South along the Adige valley as far as Mals in Vinschgau Valley. There is a smaller cultivation area in Eisacktal near Natz-Schabs. Apple cultivation takes up about 2.5 percent of the overall area of South Tyrol.
With 8,000 family-run farms apple production per unit is very low in South Tyrol. The average farm is between 2.5 to 3 hectares. The annual harvest amounts to approx. 950,000 tonnes of which around 50 percent is marketed in Italy. Germany is the most important export market.
The climatic conditions of South Tyrol are ideal for apple cultivation. The Alps protect against cold fronts coming from the North. The fruit gains its special inner and outer quality from the 300 days and more than 2,000 hours of sun each year. The average annual rainfall of 800 mm per square metre provides a basic supply for fruit growing and in dry summer months fruit producers also water their trees.
Cultivation.
In South Tyrol both integrated production and organic farming are implemented. 96 percent of fruit producers follow the directives of AGRIOS (working group for integrated fruit growing in South Tyrol) and four percent follow the directives of organic cultivation.
Integrated cultivation.
Integrated cultivation uses nature's powers of resistance, preserves useful insects and furthers their number by targeted ecological measures. To this end, AGRIOS of South Tyrol has defined specific regulations. The approved pesticides may only be used when the economic damage threshold has been reached. Herbicides that could damage the soil are prohibited and fertilisation is effected in accordance with the results of soil analyses.
Organic cultivation.
South Tyrol—today Europe's largest organic apple supplier – paved the way for organic apple cultivation in the 1980s. Two trends have evolved since then:
Protected Geographical Indication.
Since 2005, 11 different varieties of South Tyrolean apples have been awarded the "Protected Geographical Indication" (PGI) seal by the EU and are recognised across the EU as regional specialities and protected against imitation as well as improper usage. This seal of approval guarantees the product's quality and originality as well as the well-established manufacturing processes involved. The link between the creation and processing of the apple in its regional provenance of South Tyrol has also been documented. South Tyrolean apples must comply with specific production regulations and a strict control system.
South Tyrolean apples with PGI

</doc>
<doc id="30959708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959708" title="Gare de Lafarge">
Gare de Lafarge

Lafarge is a railway station in Lafarge, Limousin, France. The station is located on the Limoges-Bénédictins - Périgueux railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF.
The station is primarily for Saint-Hilaire-les-Places, 2km away.
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Lafarge:

</doc>
<doc id="30959722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959722" title="Gare de La Meyze">
Gare de La Meyze

La Meyze is a railway station in La Meyze, Limousin, France. The station is located on the Nexon - Brive railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF. 
Train Services.
The following services currently call at La Meyze:

</doc>
<doc id="30959724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959724" title="People's Hall, Tripoli">
People's Hall, Tripoli

The People's Hall was a large government building in Tripoli, Libya, constructed in the 1970s/80s. It was the meeting place of the Libyan General People's Congress. It was normally closed to the general public.
The People's Hall was burned by demonstrators on 21 February 2011 as part of the Libyan civil war. It was reignited and burned out, amongst the other fires at Tripoli police stations, the justice ministry at Martyrs' Square, and the Shaabia headquarters, on 22 February 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="30959730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959730" title="Sphinx caligineus">
Sphinx caligineus

Sphinx caligineus is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Japan, north-eastern, eastern, central and southern China, South Korea, northern Thailand and southern Vietnam.
The wingspan is 55–76 mm.
The larvae feed on "Pinus tabulaeformis" to the west and north of Beijing, as well as the ornamental "Pinus armandii". In Guangdong, larvae have been recorded on "Pinus massoniana". Other recorded foodplants include "Pinus elliottii" and "Pinus taeda".

</doc>
<doc id="30959734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959734" title="Frank Whitcombe Jr">
Frank Whitcombe Jr

Frank William Whitcombe was a Rugby Union footballer of the 1950s, 1960s and 1970s who played Rugby Union (RU) for Bradford RFC, Keighley RUFC and Army Rugby Union, playing at Prop, i.e. number 1 or 3, and at representative level played Rugby Union (RU) for Yorkshire, and North Eastern counties.
Early life.
Frank was born on 21 July 1936 at 20 Nell Lane in Withington, a suburb of Manchester where his rugby-playing father, also named Frank and originally from Cardiff, had turned professional on 18 September 1935 with Broughton Rangers Rugby League Club who paid £100 for him to turn professional. Of which £90 was to buy him out of the Army leaving him £10 to start a new life in Manchester with his young family.
Franks new club provided him with a job as a Zookeeper at Belle Vue Zoological Gardens where Rangers played on the Belle Vue Stadium inside the Motorcycle Speedway track. At this time Belle Vue was the Leisure Centre for the North West of England. When Whitcombe senior was signed by Bradford Northern for a world record fee in 1938, the family crossed the Pennines. Frank Whitcombe senior, a huge man with a matching presence on the field retired from the game in 1949 after an illustrious rugby career.
After moving to Bradford the family lived at 109 Wibsey Park Avenue close to the Odsal Stadium home of Bradford Northern. Frank attended Buttershaw St Pauls Primary School and later after passing his 11 plus Grange Boys Grammar School. After leaving school he began an electrical apprenticeship before being called up for National Service.
Rugby career Bradford RFC.
Frank Whitcombe (329 Appearances) and his brother Brian Whitcombe (174 Appearances) went on to give long and loyal service to Bradford Rugby Football Club. They began their rugby careers with Sedbergh Boys' Club playing junior Rugby League. The club was based near to their home in Wibsey, Bradford, before switching to Bradford RFC.
Under the guidance of the Bradford RFC second team captain, David Firth, both settled quickly to the union game and soon broke into the First Team. Frank making his first appearance for the 1st team at 16 years, like his father before him as a prop forward, Brian made the 1st team age 17 as a back row forward.
Frank became part of a formidable front row with Peter Crowther at hooker and Peter Harrison at tight head prop the trio went on to play for Bradford together 12 years.
Frank captained Bradford for a season and played in their Yorkshire Cup winning side of 1966 against Harrogate at Cross Green, Otley in 1966 under the captaincy of Mike Dixon.
Playing for Bradford – who had fixtures in London against the likes of Wasps and the Midlands including Coventry & Leicester Tigers – meant he was often away much of Saturday evening, the busiest time of the week at the Airedale Heifer, so he decided to play instead for Keighley RUFC a club he later captained. When his playing days were over in the first team he took over the second team captaincy for several seasons, ensuring the next generation of players knew how to do it the right way. Frank was a life member at Keighley Rugby Club.
Most Bradford RFC appearances.
Peter V Crowther 414
– Mike Dixon 369
– Frank W Whitcombe 329
– Jim Golby 318
– Phil Carter 255
– David S Lightowler 275
– Roger Pickering 255
– Geoff Cooke 244
– Foss Howard 235.
Representative honours.
Frank Whitcombe was the youngest player to play for Yorkshire making his debut for the county as a prop forward at age 17 years, he went on to make 31 appearances for Yorkshire in the County Championship, including the County Championship Final of 1963 Which Yorkshire lost in the last minutes 13 – 10 to Warwickshire at Coundon Road, Coventry. The Yorkshire side was captained by Bradford's Colin Heighton. In the same year he was named as a reserve for the England final trial at Twickenham. He represented the North Eastern Counties against Sir Wilson Whineray's 5th New Zealand All Blacks team on their tour of Britain at the Great Yorkshire Show ground's Harrogate on 11 January 1964, a game the North Eastern Counties lost by 11–17. Frank also played in Bradford's Yorkshire Cup winning team of 1966 in there 8–3 victory over Harrogate at Cross Green, Otley.
Frank did his national service and served with the Royal Corps of Signals who had an out standing rugby team at this time. Here he represented the Army Rugby Union for a full season and was selected for his first cap against the Royal Navy at Twickenham. However due to the unfortunate death of his father he was unable to take his place in the Army's team on this occasion.
Captain's gesture.
Yorkshire Cup 1966. The team spirit that enabled Bradford to beat Harrogate in the Yorkshire Cup final at Otley was demonstrated when Mike Dixon and Frank Whitcombe went up together at the end of the match to receive the trophy.
Whitcombe the club's captain had been out of action for a good part of the season through injury and during his absence Dixon had taken over the leadership. So well did Bradford play that when Whitcombe returned from injury he insisted that Dixon should continue as captain and it was Dixon who last night led the side in their first cup final triumph for 41 years.
With an equally sporting gesture Dixon insisted that Whitcombe should share with him the honour of receiving the cup.
Genealogical information.
Frank Whitcombe Jr is the son of the Bradford Northern & Great Britain international Rugby League player Frank Whitcombe was the nephew of the association footballer for Cardiff City, and baseball captain for Wales George Whitcombe and the baseball player for Grange Albion, Teddy Whitcombe. Was the brother of the Rugby Union Footballer for Bradford RFC, Brian Whitcombe. He was father to the Rugby Union prop for England 'B' and Leicester Tigers, Martin Whitcombe.
Whitcombe was son-in-law to the former Keighley rugby league scrum half Thomas Cockcroft and brother-in-law to the former Keighley winger William Cockcroft.
Life after rugby.
Following the death of his Father on 17 January 1958 Frank was discharged from the Army on Companionate grounds to allow him to help run the family business " The Airedale Heifer" Public House at Sandbeds, Keighley along with his mother and Mollie . Frank married Mollie Cockcroft at Holy Trinity Church, Lawkholme in Keighley on the 24 January 1961. Trevor Foster MBE took the place of Franks father at the wedding.
A popular stop off for many rugby friends and rugby supporters which the family ran successfully for nearly 30 years until Frank and Mollie moved on in 1981 to live in East Morton.Frank devoted his time after retirement to his family and walking in the Yorkshire Dales
Frank died at his home in East Morton aged 73 after a short illness. At his funeral there was standing room only in the village church, St Lukes. Among Frank's pallbearer's was his former Yorkshire prop forward and team mate Rodney Childs. Mr Dean Richards MBE read the Eulogy to Frank Whitcombe's life .
A week prior to his death Frank was on the touchline supporting Keighley RUFC
Honoured at Keighley RUFC.
Frank Whitcombe joined Keighley RUFC in season 1967–68 taking over from E D Thomas as 1st team Captain. Frank Captained Keighley 1st team for the next four seasons until 1970–71.
At the beginning of the 1971 season Whitcombe took on the Vice Captains job in support of the new club Captain Kevin McGee, he continued in this job for the next three seasons. Frank then held the position of "Honorary Trainer" from 1974 until 1977 before handing over to John Longbottom. Frank was a life member at Keighley rugby club
Following his retirement from the rugby Frank turned to coaching the Keighley Colts, the clubs U19 side a position he held for over 15 years.When he finally stepped down from coaching he continued as a regular supporter on the touchline at Keighley RUFC
On 29 August 2010 the main stand was named the "Frank Whitcombe Stand" as a tribute to Frank's hard work at the club over many years especially with the young players at Keighley RUFC. A game took place between Keighley RUFC and Skipton RFC, coached by his son Martin, after which Mrs Mollie Whitcombe, Frank's widow, after a short ceremony officially named the stand.

</doc>
<doc id="30959742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959742" title="Gare de Nexon">
Gare de Nexon

Nexon is a railway station in Nexon, Limousin, France. The station is located on the Limoges-Bénédictins - Périgueux and Nexon - Brive railway lines. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF. 
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Nexon:

</doc>
<doc id="30959752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959752" title="Gare de l'Aiguille">
Gare de l'Aiguille

l'Aiguille is a railway station in Bosmie-l'Aiguille, Limousin, France. The station is located on the Limoges-Bénédictins - Périgueux railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF. 
Train Services.
The following services currently call at l'Aiguille:

</doc>
<doc id="30959766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959766" title="Mouldi Kefi">
Mouldi Kefi

Mohamed Mouldi Kefi (born February 10, 1946 in Le Kef, Tunisia) was the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Tunisia under the transitional government in 2011, and is a retired diplomat. He is married and has four children.
His diplomatic career started in Czechoslovakia where he met his wife, Dagmar, and went on in Eastern Germany, the Soviet Union, the United Kingdom, Nigeria, Russia and Indonesia. He retired in 2006 when he was 60 years old.
He has a degree in philosophy from the Strasbourg University in France.

</doc>
<doc id="30959767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959767" title="Another City, Another Sorry">
Another City, Another Sorry

Another City, Another Sorry is the debut studio album by Manchester band The Answering Machine. It was released on 15 June 2009 in the United Kingdom on Heist or Hit Records.

</doc>
<doc id="30959785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959785" title="Hamar stadion">
Hamar stadion

Hamar stadion is a former athletics, speed skating and bandy stadium in Hamar, Norway. The home ground of Hamar IL, it was owned by Hamar Municipality. It has held seven international speed skating events: the European Speed Skating Championships in 1934, 1948 and 1953, the World Allround Speed Skating Championships for Men in 1952 and 1985, and the World Allround Speed Skating Championships for Women in 1980 and 1991. The stadium has held 13 Norwegian Championships and 11 world records have been set at the venue.
History.
In 1921, the stadium was leased to Oplandenes Turn- og Idrettspark. After maintenance was diminished and there broke out disagreement between the sports clubs about the use of the stadium, the municipality had to cancel the lease in 1928 and management was transferred to Hamar IL. Until 1936, when Briskeby gressbane opened, Hamar stadion was one of several venues used for the football team Briskeby FL. Because the stadium lacked proper drainage, a new stadium was considered by the politicians at Kvitmyra. A committee was established by the municipal council in 1945, but it concluded that it was better to upgrade the existing stadium, as Hamar had been awarded the 1948 European Speed Skating Championships. The event was seen by 26,000 spectators. During the summer of 1948, grass was laid on the stadium. The stadium also received two change rooms. For a long time during winter, there were regular flood light practices for the public on Wednesdays and Sundays. The inner field was used for bandy, while the running track was used for speed skating.
The record attendance dates from 1952, when 30,000 people watches Hjalmar Andersen set a new world record on the 10,000 meter: 16:32.6, which remained until the 1960 Winter Olympics. The European Speed Skating Championships were held again in 1953, and Dutchman Kees Broekmann characterized the venue as "the Mecca of speed skating". This was in part because of the good quality of the ice. Alf Ingvaldsen was responsible for icing for thirty years from the mid-1940s, and created a vehicle which was able to spread warm water on the top of the surface to polish the ice. The venue has hosted the Norwegian Athletics Championships in 1959 and 1971.
With the opening of Vikingskipet, an indoor speed skating venue, in 1993 for the 1994 Winter Olympics, Hamar stadion no longer was used for international and major speed skating tournaments. In 2007, the city sold the stadium to Sentrumsgården for 320 million Norwegian krone. They will build a combined commercial, shopping and residential complex with of real estate.

</doc>
<doc id="30959789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959789" title="Patient-centered care">
Patient-centered care

Patient-centered care supports active involvement of patients and their families in the design of new care models and in decision-making about individual options for treatment. The IOM (Institute of Medicine) defines patient-centered care as: "Providing care that is respectful of and responsive to individual patient preferences, needs, and values, and ensuring that patient values guide all clinical decisions." Patient-centered care is also one of the overreaching goals of health advocacy, in addition to safer medical systems, and greater patient involvement in healthcare delivery and design. Given that non-consumer stakeholders often don't know what matters most to patients regarding their ability to get and stay well, care that is truly patient-centered cannot be achieved without active patient engagement at every level of care design and implementation.
The application of patient-centered care is often referred to simply as patient engagement or patient activation. 
Attributes.
These five attributes of patient-centered care are the following:
Patient-centered care is about much more than simply educating patients about a diagnosis, potential treatment, or healthy behavior. It does not mean giving patients whatever they want; rather, patients want guidance from their care providers, but they expect that guidance to be provided in the context of full and unbiased information about options, benefits and risks. “Patient-centered” means considering patients’ cultural traditions, personal preferences and values, family situations, social circumstances and lifestyles, as used by the Institute of Medicine and Institute for Healthcare Improvement. A 2001 Institute of Medicine report identified a focus on patient-centered care as one of six interrelated factors constituting high-quality health care.
Patient centered care leads to higher level of patient engagement. The 5 constituent dimensions of patient engagement include: communication, provider effectiveness, alignment of objective, information & encouragement, and patient incentive. Engaged patients seem to have better perceived health outcomes. 
Perspectives.
Don Berwick, formerly of IHI, defined patient-centered care as:
The experience (to the extent the informed, individual patient desires it) of transparency, individualization,
recognition, respect, dignity, and choice in all matters, without exception, related to one’s person, circumstances,
and relationships in health care.
Patient-centered care is also about empowering patients by giving the right weight to their opinions about the health-care system.
In its "Declaration on Patient-Centred Healthcare", The International Alliance of Patients' Organizations (IAPO) states that the essence of patient-centered healthcare is that the healthcare system is designed and delivered to address the healthcare needs and preferences of patients so that healthcare is appropriate and cost-effective. The Declaration sets out five principles of patient-centered healthcare: respect; choice and empowerment; patient involvement in health policy; access and support and information.

</doc>
<doc id="30959794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959794" title="A.R.J College of Engineering and Technology">
A.R.J College of Engineering and Technology

A.R.J College of Engineering and Technology is a College of Engineering that is located in Edayarnatham, Mannargudi, Tiruvarur, Tamil Nadu.
Affiliations.
This college is currently affiliated with Anna University of Technology, Tiruchirappalli

</doc>
<doc id="30959802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959802" title="Revisionism of Risorgimento">
Revisionism of Risorgimento

In the 20th century, and especially since the end of World War II, the received interpretation of Italian unification, the Risorgimento, has become the object of historical revisionism. The justifications offered for unification, the methods employed to realise it and the benefits supposedly accruing to unified Italy are frequent targets of the revisionists. Some schools have called the "Risorgimento" an imperialist or colonialist venture.
Some revisionists tend to negatively re-evaluate key characters of Italian national unity, such as Camillo Benso di Cavour, Giuseppe Garibaldi and Victor Emmanuel II of Savoy. They grafted in this way in the debate on the causes of so-called Southern Question ("Questione Meridionale"), and say that the Risorgimento was a true work of colonization, followed by a centralizing policy of conquest, because of which the Italian Mezzogiorno would have fallen into a state of backwardness still manifest. Others consider that the policies of tax, toll and industry implemented in the southern regions by the Savoy government since 1861, together with endogenous factors, have further depleted the area or they have affected its development.
Background and historical basis of revisionism on the Risorgimento.
The ideas behind the revisionist movement already began to awaken and strengthen in the years immediately following the events that led to the Kingdom of Sardinia to become the Kingdom of Italy, even before the birth of a historical debate on the subject. The first doubts about the reasons behind the foreign policy of the House of Savoy were raised by Giuseppe Mazzini, one of the theorists and supporters of Italian unification. In this regard Mazzini suggested in his paper ""Italy of the people"" that the government of Cavour was not interested in the principle of a united Italy, but simply to push the boundaries of the Savoy state. Even once Italy was unified, Mazzini returned to attack the Government in respect of the new nation:
Statements of Mazzini are precursors of the dispute on the ideal unification process, which began already during the 20th century, as a continuation of the contentious debate between the moderate and democratic parties of Risorgimento. The first criticism of the hagiographic reconstructions came by the same liberal leaders, who had enthusiastically promoted any political activity that would have contributed to the national cause. Among the main targets, there were contentious politics of the new centralized unitary state, defined negatively by the neologism of ""piemontesizzazione"" (homologation to Piedmont).
Parallel to the abovementioned political and ideal dispute, across the late 19th century began to appear the first historiographical contributions alternative to the mainstream historiography on the Italian Risorgimento. These works furnished the substrate on which the laterrevisionist theories were built.
A prime example was the writer Alfredo Oriani, which put into question the outcome of the events of the Risorgimento in his work "The political struggle in Italy" (1892), which examined the conflict between federalism and unitarism. Oriani criticized the "royal conquest" as a unilateral action to create a new state, assuming that without the support of a strong democratic movement, it would prove to be weak in its foundations. This work is considered the prototype of the first modern revisionist historiography on Italy, alternately to apologetic historiography of Savoy.
Criticisms against the interpretation of the Risorgimento events were also moved by Francesco Saverio Nitti, who in his works "North and South" (Nord e Sud)(1900) and "Italy at the dawn of the twentieth century" (L'Italia all'alba del secolo XX) (1901), analyzed the consequences of the national Unity from a framework illustrating the political and economic situation in the pre-unification states. According to Nitti, the benefits of the national unification process were not equitably distributed throughout the country, facilitating further development of northern Italy at the expense of the South.
Oriani's ideas influenced the thinking of the liberal Piero Gobetti who in 1926 criticized the liberal ruling class in his collection of essays "Risorgimento without heroes" ("Risorgimento senza eroi"). According to Gobetti, the Risorgimento was the work of a minority who resigned to pursue a deeper social and cultural revolution. From this "failed revolution" a state unable to meet the needs of the masses was born.
In the same vein of political and cultural connotations, but with more openly Marxist-style, is part of the revisionist and anti-apologetic analysis of Antonio Gramsci. In his book "Prison Notebooks" (Quaderni dal carcere), published posthumously only after 1947, he describes the Risorgimento as a "passive revolution" suffered by the peasants, the poorest social class of the population. The Southern question, Jacobinism, the construction of the revolutionary process in Italy are the central themes of his analysis on the basis of which he reinterprets the Italian Risorgimento as a process of socio-political transformation began in 1789 with the French Revolution, passively transposed in Italy, and hesitated in the collapse of the Ancien Regime.
The historical revisionism.
The re-intrepretation of the Italian Risorgimento's events have not a single origin. The questioning of the assumptions of official history is coming from a part of the academic world and from several independent scholars, including several essayists. The growth of this cultural movement, in particular measure across the last fifty years, has generated the emergence of a growing critical literature of the broader historiography, which has gradually been the subject of increasingly acute dispute and controversy. Across the following paragraphs are presented the contributions to historical revisionism, divided according to the framework of origin.
The origins of the critical approach to the Risorgimento.
In the years following the annexation of the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies to the newborn Italian State, contemporary witnesses gave the prints the first works that brought a critical analysis of the political unification of the peninsula.
The first historian to develop an alternative vision to the mainstream historiography was probably Giacinto de' Sivo. Born from a family of long loyalty to the Bourbon dynasty, de 'Sivo was certainly a militant legitimist, enough to be arrested on September 14, 1860 for refusing to pay homage to Garibaldi. In 1861 he published his first historical essay "Italy and its political drama in 1861" (L'Italia e il suo dramma politico nel 1861), in which he judged the unification process as elitist and distant from the interests of the people, led by gun violence and the spread of lies. As a result, and despite the risk of persecution and difficulty to find printers willing to print his testimony, the historian developed his most representative work, "History of the Two Sicilies from 1847 to 1861" (Storia delle Due Sicilie dal 1847 al 1861), published in several volumes between 1862 and 1867. In his works De' Sivo described the unification process as an assault against two sovereign states (the Two Sicilies and the Church), in violation of international law and in particular of the spiritual and civil values of the neapolitan nation. The thought of De' Sivo was long the subject of ostracism, in spite of Benedetto Croce had highlighted his thickness as a scholar by writing a biography that was included in the work "A family of patriots" (Una famiglia di patrioti).
The years following the unification of Italy also saw the flowering of a vast memoirs' literature, where mainly ex-members of the dissolved Army of Two Sicilies brought their own interpretation of the facts. Among the numerous examples can be mentioned the brothers Pietro and Ludovico Quandel and Giuseppe Buttà. Chaplain of the 9th Battalion Hunters of the Bourbon Army, he was the author of "A Journey from Boccadifalco to Gaeta" (Un viaggio da Boccadifalco a Gaeta) (1875), autobiographical work which tells the story of the landing of the Expedition of the Thousand in Marsala until the siege of Gaeta as viewed from the vanquisheds' side. For a description of the events from his point of view Buttà resorted to a cutting language and a tone more sarcastic than De' Sivo's, also sparing no criticism against the Bourbon officers, whom he accused of cowardice or treason against the crown. Despite the limitations resulting from transpositions of individual points of view, the memoirs are cited by many revisionist authors, which give them the value of historical documents.
The revisionist school.
The revisionism of Risorgimento knew a clear radicalization and resumed in mid-20th century, after the fall of the Savoy monarchy and that of fascism, for which the Risorgimento was considered an intangible myth. The changed political conditions allowed the emergence of a group of scholars which began re-examinating the value of the House of Savoy work, and made largely negative reviews in that respect. About a hundred years later by De' Sivo, the members of this group also took up the arguments of criticism, charging in particular to the process of national unification the cause of most problems of the Southern Italy.
The founder of this new culture is generally considered Carlo Alianello, who in his first novel, "The Ensign" (l'Alfiere) (1942) expressed a serious indictment to the creators and unification policies of the kingdom of Sardinia. For the ideas expressed in his work, which appeared in full fascist period, when the Risorgimento was considered a "intangible" myth, Alianello risked his confinement, which only managed to avoid because of the fall of the regime. With the establishment of the Italian Republic Alianello could further develop his line of thought with the publication of "The Legacy of the Prioress" (L'eredità della Priora) (1963), considered by some his greatest work, and "The Conquest of the South" (La conquista del Sud) (1972), often referred to in the essay later revisionist works. In keeping with its 19th-century precursors, according to Alianello the choices made in the unification process, as well as being totally alien to the needs of the Southern Italy, have been performed by the Piedmontese, with the complicity of the British government and masonry for the purpose of mere foreign occupation.
In the line of cultural descent, Michele Topa follows Carlo Alianello. By his works "Thus ended the Bourbons of Naples" (Così finirono i Borbone di Napoli) (1959) and "The Brigands of His Majesty" (I briganti di Sua Maestà) (1967), helped to outline a new historiographical conception of the Risorgimento, seen from the losers' standpoint.
Another leading and more intransigent figure of revisionism was Nicola Zitara. Along the same cultural lines of Alianello and Topa, the Calabrian writer considered Italy as the result of an operation of military conquest and economic damage to the South, against which it would have been put in place an intricate plot. In her works Zitara expresses his beliefs derived from an economic analysis conducted according to the canons of Marxist ideology.
Over the years, the revisionism of Risorgimento has found other supporters, both southern- and northern-born, which further in-depth research on the controversial events of the unification process. Among them we can mention Lorenzo Del Boca, Gigi Di Fiore, Francesco Mario Agnoli, Pino Aprile, Fulvio Izzo, Massimo Viglione, Antonio Ciano, Aldo Servidio, Roberto Martucci, Luciano Salera and Pier Giusto Jaeger.
The academic revisionism.
Revisionism of Risorgimento is written about, albeit in different ways, by some academic authors, in most cases of non-Italian origin.
The best known example is perhaps as the British historian Denis Mack Smith, whose work focuses on the history of Italy from the Risorgimento to the present day. He graduated at Cambridge, a member of the British Academy of Wolfson College (University of Cambridge), of All Souls College (Oxford University) and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, he was a collaborator of Benedetto Croce and Grand Officer of the Order Merit of the Italian Republic.
In a series of essays, Mack Smith has analyzed the most prominent figures of the unification process (Garibaldi, Cavour, Mazzini) and the circumstances in which they moved. In particular, in the book ""Cavour and Garibaldi"" (1954) he painted portraits of the two statists which frankly differed by the hagiograpic descriptions widely diffused in Italy. In particular, Garibaldi was called "moderate empirical and non-revolutionary," "cautious" and "statesman" and Cavour was severely criticized, being defined "dishonest," "awkward", "wrong", "clever" and stressing that he was determined to prevent the unification of Italy if there was any possibility that the merit of it could be attributed to radical, republican, democratic or popular forces. The House of Savoy, with particular reference to Vittorio Emanuele II, was harshly criticized by the historian in his book "The Savoia, Kings of Italy " (1990). The Unity monarch, contrary to the stereotype of the ""gentleman King"" has been described here as a character of low moral caliber (especially for the numerous extramarital affairs) and squanderer of public money. Elsewhere, the historian has pointed out as the first king of Italy considered that there were ""only two ways to govern the Italians with bayonets or corruption"" that contrary to the image of a constitutional monarch he believed this form of government unfit to Italians, and that he had secretly assured Metternich and the Pope was ready to intervene against the Roman Republic of Mazzini and restore the Pope's supremacy.
A distinctly different opinion was expressed by the scholar against Mazzini in the biography he dedicated to him, where the Italian thinker was positively judged because of the impulse given to the democratic life of the 19th century, with particular reference to the campaigns in favor of social security, universal suffrage and women's rights.
In his essay "Documentary falsification and Italian biography", Mack Smith finally highlighted as the systematic destruction, rewriting in apologetic terms and concealment of official documents is a practice which all states are in danger of falling, but in some moments of Italian history this has been systematic. Citing specific examples referred to historical personages of great importance (Vittorio Emanuele II, Garibaldi, Lamarmora, Crispi) the historian provided many examples of manipulation of historical events for political use.
Another influential member of the academic revisionism is Christopher Duggan, a student of Mack Smith and Director of the Centre for the Advanced Study of Italian Society of the University of Reading.
In his work "The force of destiny - history of Italy from 1796 to today," Duggan expressed strong criticisms of the most popular historiography, with particular reference to the interpretation of the anti-unification movements in the South and of their repression. In particular, he reports that already in occasion of the massacre of Pontelandolfo and Casalduni voices like the one of the Deputy Giuseppe Ferrari, who called what happened a real "civil war" were abruptly silenced, since according to the official interpretation "the "banditry" was responsible for violence in southern Italy and no one else".
According to the English scholar, the governments of the period after 1861 were obliged to represent the furious fighting that occurred in the former territories of the Kingdom of Two Sicilies as solely related to the common crime, since any other interpretation would have clashed sharply with the results of the "plebiscites" which spoke instead of a population unanimously in favor of unity. Duggan also said that efforts to credit the official version were blatantly contradicted by the facts, given that in 1864 no fewer than 100,000 soldiers (half of the entire Italian Army) were deployed in the South in an attempt to respond to rising.
He also identifies the ferocity with which the people fought the invaders as the primary cause of the mutual distrust between them and the northern Italians, and the origin of many prejudices. In addition, the historian says that several leading figures of the period helped to build and sustain the image of the South as a barbarous and uncultivated land. Among these Duggan recalls the case of Luigi Carlo Farini, sent to Naples as a governor in October 1860, that in writing to Cavour said ""but my friend, what are these countries (...)! What a barbarity! Other than Italy! This is Africa: the Bedouins, in response to these Caffoni are fine civic virtue."" The historian reported that statements about the barbarism, ignorance, immorality, superstition, laziness and cowardice of the southern inhabitants were contained in numerous writings and records of the time, and that the same Cavour wrote in this regard that the South was corrupt "to the core".
According to Duggan, the substrate on which these statements were based was a mixture of "self-interest and fear." It was useful, in fact, to paint the southern territories as corrupt and backward, as this allowed the new government to justify the imposition of its own constitution and laws, administrative practices and men according to the approach of ""piemontesizzazione"". On the other hand, there was deep concern about the possibility of the spread of riots, which would have fragmented the country again, with unforeseeable consequences.
The historian writes that the alleged backwardness of the southern territories was instrumentally used to justify acts of flagrant lawlessness and violence. Over all, it is remembered the event involving the eminent Piedmontan General Giuseppe Govone, which was sent to Sicily with the task of rounding up conscripts, and made use of methods such as "putting cities under siege, cutting water supply and the kidnapping of women and children." In an attempt to justify his actions in Parliament, Govone made reference to the alleged "barbarism" of the territory, causing an outbreak of turmoil in the courtroom. Francesco Crispi, a Sicilian, challenged to a duel a prominent deputy of Northern origin and twenty-one Democrats, including Garibaldi himself, resigned.
Duggan also examines the problem of the number of those killed in the years after unification, citing Quintino Sella in what he calls a ""real civil war"" In this regard, he makes a comparison between the official figures (5,200 killed in fighting between and executed in the period 1861-1865) and those calculated by using the local testimoniances and foreign press reports, which speak of tens of thousands (and up to 150,000) deaths. He believes these latest figures ""unlikely but not impossible"" because the very nature of the killings like that of Pontelandolfo makes no trace left of it in official documents.
The English historian criticizes the ""transplant (to) the whole of Italy (with) the laws and institutions of the Piedmont"" on the grounds that it was done "with so little consultation, and a callousness so fast and big, from seriously offending the sensibilities and local interests". If in fact the Piedmont could claim a certain moral leadership as the only Italian state to have a constitution (although not the first, the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies' Ferdinand II had in the first enactment of a Constitution in Italy), in other respects such as education, local government and justice, Lombardy, Tuscany and the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies had better credentials. Only recently, in fact, Piedmont had shed the reputation of being the ""rear-most point of the peninsula"".
In addition to the former Kingdom of Two Sicilies, a country of long legal tradition, the replacement of the existing codes with the Piedmont's laws caused extensive discontent in Tuscany, in particular the introduction of the death penalty, which did not exist in enlightened local legal traditions. Others widespread discontent was due to the introduction of the ""prefects"" as reference points of the system of local government. These were for many decades after the unification invariably of Northern or Piedmont origin, and invariably linked by relations of friendship with the Minister of Interior in key locations such as Milan, Florence, Naples and Palermo.
Harsh criticism is addressed by Duggan also to the pseudo-scientific studies of Cesare Lombroso, whom he contemptuously calls ""A man somewhat more confident that they have the solution of problems in Sicily (and indeed of all humanity)"". The English scholar traces the origin of the racist theories of the physician from Verona to his experience in the army during the campaign against the so-called "brigantaggio". Being appointed to carry out medical examinations to potential recruits, it Lombroso examined and measured about 3,000, starting from this to develop his ideas on the origins of delinquency. The first result of his thinking was an essay of 1864 on the connection between soldiers' tattoos and deviance. From this experience, and subsequent studies (see specific paragraph), Lombroso formulated the assumption that ""violence was a good indicator of barbarism, barbarism, and in turn was a good indicator of racial degeneration"" These racist theories, which may include the view that the generally lower incidence of murders in the eastern half of Sicily was at the local presence of "peoples' richest Aryan blood" have been branded by Duggan as ""a paradigmatic example of the power of prejudice in shaping the supposed impartial observation"".
Duggan turns his critical attention also to the construction of the mythology of the Risorgimento, as defined through the words of Francesco Crispi ""religion of the country (which we need to give) the greatest solemnity, the maximum popularity""
British historian believes that the idealization of the unified movement was consciously pursued through the exaltation of the figures of Vittorio Emanuele II and Garibaldi, as a catalyst and homogenization of the various and often conflicting, monarchical and republican, federal and unitary, conservative and radicals trends. This myth was sustained by a steady stream of hagiographic literature, especially after the death of two characters (1878 and 1882, respectively) and an equally conspicuous and in many cases forced the construction of monuments.
This operation of iconification on a national scale had accents of the lowest level (such as the placing of plaques on sites where Garibaldi had spent a few hours to take a bath), and even moments of blatant counterinformation. In this regard, Duggan reports the case of serious Garibaldi's biography, written by Giuseppe Guerzoni in 1882, where next to the virtues he described Garibaldi's very human flaws. It was immediately branded as ""too sophisticated"" by Achille Bizzoni, who hastened to write to a watered down version ""of the people use"".
Duggan also shows that the work of construction of a mythology of the Risorgimento was also extended to the ""nationalization"" of school curricula in history, the teaching of which was to be made ""so that prospective students absorbed by the history of Italy the love of country"". To this end, it was made a careful handling of textbooks, in which there had to be made any mention of the possibility of such figures as Cavour, or worse yet, Vittorio Emanuele, had not been in all respects of disinterested patriots.
In particular, for the protection of the latter, every time that a high political figure died, they proceeded to a careful examination of his papers and private correspondence with the king in order to expunge and secretate in the Royal Library any incriminating documents. Similarly, the correspondence of Cavour was heavily expurgated of the fierce hostility of Garibaldi and the democrats and phrases deeply offensive against the Italians.
Another member of the academic revisionism is Martin Clark, professor of political history to the University of Edinburgh.
In his book "The Italian Risorgimento - still a controversial story" Clark says the non-sustainability of the ""patriotic and progressive"" vision of the unification process. British historian rejects the teleological view of the Risorgimento as an inevitable and finalistic process, considering it rather the correlation of different events, some of which random indeed.
He denies that there was already an Italian nation, since only a small elite had cultural awareness and pride in its historic past and felt that. In this regard, he points out that only 2.5% of the population actually spoke Italian, while large part of the inhabitants of the peninsula, spoke the local languages or dialects, and that in any case the Italian language ""defined a cultural community, not a political one"". The minority of people who felt they were Italian, also made up mostly of representatives from advocacy or by intellectuals from different fields, called for independence from foreign rulers, the Austria of all, but not the unification. The environment of the time, in fact, was strongly characterized by the presence of parochial diffuse tensions, the legacy of "Comuni Age" and never really dormant.
The researcher concludes that ""patriotic interpretation of the Risorgimento is wrong, if only for the fact that the Italians were divided and not at all anxious to achieve national unity"".
The British also recognized as academic scholars of Southern School ("Meridionalisti", see specific paragraph) have shown that the society of the ancient Kingdom of Two Sicilies was not stagnant, and that some institutions strongly disputed by mainstream historians, such as estate, were not an index of socio-cultural backwardness, but rather the ""most appropriate response to the technological conditions and market circumstances"". In this context, the view that they were actually customs and fiscal policies adopted by the new rulers to determine the destruction of the economy of the South takes force.
Rigorous analysis of the Risorgimento are also conducted by Lucy Riall, a professor of history at Birkbeck College of University of London.

</doc>
<doc id="30959819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959819" title="Realtor transmitter">
Realtor transmitter

Realtor transmitter is a powerful medium wave transmitter, west of Bassin de Realtor near Cabriès north of Marseille, France. Realtor transmitter is designed for broadcasting on 675 kHz with 600 kW and on 1251 kHz with 150 kW. However since 2006 only the latter frequence is active.
Realtor transmitter uses as antenna two guyed mast radiators insulated against ground, one with a height of 121 metres at 43.4622235 N 5.3256762 and an other with a height of 120 metres at 43.4626927 N 5.319825 E.

</doc>
<doc id="30959820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959820" title="A. V. C. College of Engineering">
A. V. C. College of Engineering

A. V. C. College of Engineering is a self financing college for engineering education located in the town of Mayiladuthurai, in the coastial district of Nagapattinam within the Indian state of Tamila Nadu.
History.
A. V. C. College of Engineering was started in 1996 by A. V. Charities, which began its educational services by starting the A. V. C. College in 1955 and the A. V. C. Polytechnic in 1983.
The College of Engineering has been approved by All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) and is an certified instituition.
Affiliations.
A. V. C. College of Engineering is currently affiliated with Anna University of Technology in Chennai.

</doc>
<doc id="30959831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959831" title="San Pablo River">
San Pablo River

San Pablo River can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30959836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959836" title="Al-Shams (newspaper)">
Al-Shams (newspaper)

Al-Shams was a Libyan, Arabic language daily newspaper. It was run by the Libyan government.
As of September 2011, it is reported as having ceased publication following the 2011 Libyan civil war.

</doc>
<doc id="30959837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959837" title="Lotus (Arashi song)">
Lotus (Arashi song)

"Lotus" is a song recorded by Japanese boy band Arashi. It was released on February 23, 2011 by their record label J Storm. The single is used as the theme song to the drama Bartender starring Arashi member Masaki Aiba. It was released in two editions: a regular edition containing two bonus tracks and instrumental versions of all the songs released in the single, and an limited edition containing a bonus track along with a DVD with a music video of the single. 
According to Oricon, the single was ranked as the sixth best-selling single in Japan for the year 2011. 

</doc>
<doc id="30959848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959848" title="Svalutation">
Svalutation

Svalutation is the 16th album by Italian singer Adriano Celentano, issued in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="30959855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959855" title="Franz Heinrich Kleinschmidt">
Franz Heinrich Kleinschmidt

Franz Heinrich Kleinschmidt (1812–1864) was a German missionary and linguist who worked in southern Africa, now in the region of Namibia. He founded the missionary station and town of Rehoboth and together with Carl Hugo Hahn set up the first Rhenish mission station to the Herero people in Gross Barmen. Kleinschmidt is known for his scientific work on the Nama language.
Kleinschmidt was born on 25 October 1812 in the village of Blasheim, today a suburb of Lübbecke, then in the Kingdom of Prussia. He was a trained carpenter and blacksmith.
Kleinschmidt became a missionary with the Rhenish Missionary Society, which sent him to Southwestern Africa in response to the request of Jonker Afrikaner, chief of the Oorlam tribe residing there. He arrived in Windhoek in October 1842. When Wesleyan missionaries arrived in 1844, also at the invitation of Jonker Afrikaner, Kleinschmidt and his colleague Carl Hugo Hahn moved northwards into Damaraland in order to avoid conflict with them.
Hahn and Kleinschmidt arrived at Otjikango on 31 October 1844. They named the place "Barmen" (today Gross Barmen) after the headquarters of the Rhenish Missionary Society which was located in Barmen, Germany (today part of Wuppertal), and established the first Rhenish mission station to the Herero there. At that time Jonker Afrikaner oversaw the development of the road network in South-West Africa. Hahn and Kleinschmidt initiated the creation of a path from Windhoek to Barmen via Okahandja, and in 1850 this road, later known as Alter Baiweg ("Old Bay Path"), was extended via Otjimbingwe to Walvis Bay. This route served as an important trade connection between the coast and Windhoek until the end of the century.
Their missionary work was not very successful, and while Hahn visited Europe between 1853 and 1856 to gather support for his endeavors, Kleinschmidt moved back south to the Nama communities, where he founded the mission station and town of Rehoboth in 1845.
Kleinschmidt was fluent in Khoekhoegowab (also called Nama or Damara/Nama). Together with the missionary Vollmer he translated the Bible into this language in 1853 and published a Dutch–Nama dictionary in 1855.
In August 1864 Oorlams attacked Rehoboth. Kleinschmidt fled to Otjimbingwe but died there of exhaustion on 2 September 1864. He was married to Hanna née Schmelen, daughter of his colleague Heinrich Schmelen.

</doc>
<doc id="30959856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959856" title="João Guilherme Fischer">
João Guilherme Fischer

João Guilherme Fischer, known as Jango Fischer, was born on September 9, 1876 in Santa Maria in Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil and died on February 2, 1952 in Rio de Janeiro. He was the son of Guilherme Fischer and Christina Holzbach.
Biography.
"Technical agriculture" by the "School of Agriculture and Viticulture of Taquari" in 1894 and agronomic engineer in 1898. After he graduated in pharmacy and medicine at the Faculty of Medicine of Rio de Janeiro. Do not follow any of these careers, entering the diplomacy. He was vice consul in Cobija, Chile, in 1909, served in the office of Baron of Rio Branco until 1911, in Paris from 1911 to 1934 and the Foreign Ministry from 1934 to 1944.
In 1902, he collected fossils in the Sanga da Alemoa and sent to Prof.. Dr. Hermann von Ihering, then director of the Museu Paulista in Sao Paulo. Three vertebral bodies were nearly complete, a fragment of a vertebra, one finger and four phalanges and ungual phalanx alone. The material was sent to Arthur Smith Woodward, the eminent paleontologist of the British Museum in London to study, which resulted in the determination of the first terrestrial reptile fossil in South America, the Rhynchosaur named by "Woodward", with the name of Scaphonyx fischeri, in his honor . It officially started paleontological research in Paleorrota.

</doc>
<doc id="30959869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959869" title="Annai Mathamal Sheela Engineering College">
Annai Mathamal Sheela Engineering College

Annai Mathamal Sheela Engineering College is a College of Engineering that is located in Erumapatty, Namakkal District, Tamil Nadu
Affiliations.
This college is currently affiliated with Anna University of Technology, Tiruchirappalli

</doc>
<doc id="30959888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959888" title="Annai Teresa College Of Engineering">
Annai Teresa College Of Engineering

Annai Teresa College Of Engineering is a College of Engineering that is located in Thirunavalur, Villupuram.

</doc>
<doc id="30959903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959903" title="Erdmannsdorf">
Erdmannsdorf

Erdmannsdorf may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30959904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959904" title="Alpha College of Engineering">
Alpha College of Engineering

Alpha College of Engineering is a College of Engineering that is located in Thirumazhisai, Poonamallee, Chennai
Affiliations.
This college is currently affiliated with Anna University of Technology, Chennai

</doc>
<doc id="30959932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959932" title="4713th Defense Systems Evaluation Squadron">
4713th Defense Systems Evaluation Squadron

The 4713th Defense Systems Evaluation Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. It was last assigned to the 21st Air Division, Aerospace Defense Command at Westover AFB, Massachusetts. It was inactivated on 15 April 1974.
History.
Activated at Griffiss AFB, New York in 1954, the mission of the squadron was to provide Electronic Counter-Measure (ECM) training and evaluation services to the various Aircraft Control and Warning Squadrons.
In order to provide the necessary training, the squadron was initially assigned TB-29 Superfortresses, and some TB-25 Mitchells. The B-29s and B-25s contained an assortment of Radar jamming devices to provide the required ECM and a C-47 was used as a support aircraft to ferry personnel and equipment. During the period that the 4713th operated these aircraft, they provided the operators radar squadrons with thousands of hours of ECM training. Effective 8 July 1958, the ADC re-designated the unit as the 4713th Radar Evaluation Squadron (ECM).
By 1959 the World War II aircraft were very expensive to operate, needing excessive amounts of maintenance to remain airworthy and not supportable due to a lack of spare parts. (Note: The last USAF B-29 (a TB-29 radar evaluation aircraft, B-29-15-MO serial number 42-65234) was retired from the USAF inventory at 2010 hours on 21 June 1960, when Major Clarence C. Rarick of the 6023d Radar Evaluation Squadron landed at Naha Air Base, Okinawa, bringing the era of B-29 Superfortress military service to an end.)
The Martin B-57 Canberra, originally developed as a medium bomber for Tactical Air Command was being phased out in favor of the F-100 Super Sabre. Some of these B-57s were reassigned to the squadron to replace the B-29s and B-25s. Also the squadron was moved to Stewart AFB, New York as Griffiss was being turned over to Strategic Air Command.
In addition to the ECM training for Radar Sites, the B-57s could operate at altitudes over 40,000 feet and train interceptor squadrons with exercises being carried out with F-86D Sabre, F-94C Starfire, and F-89D Scorpions. Later, the B-57Es were adapted to electronic countermeasures and faker target aircraft against F-102 and F-106 interceptors. Following a new electronics fit in the 1960s, the B-57Es were redesignated EB-57E. These specially-equipped EB-57Es were operated until 1974 when the squadron was inactivated as part of the phase-down of ADCOM.

</doc>
<doc id="30959934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959934" title="Lintneria arthuri">
Lintneria arthuri

Lintneria arthuri is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Bolivia.
The wingspan is about 114 mm. Adults are on wing in November and December.
The larvae probably feed on Lamiaceae (such as "Salvia"), Hydrophylloideae (such as "Wigandia") and Verbenaceae species (such as "Lantana").

</doc>
<doc id="30959941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959941" title="Rob Heanley">
Rob Heanley

Rob Heanley is an English actor born in Surrey on 12 October 1980. He trained at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts from 2000-2003.
Theatre.
Heanley has worked on the West End stage appearing in the Olivier Award-nominated production of Journey's End and has played roles in London's fringe theatre, including at The Revenger's Tragedy at The Southwark Playhouse and The Wonder at the Battersea Arts Centre 
Television.
His screen work includes the ITV series "Foyles War" (produced by Greenlit) as a Sergeant in the "Pioneer Corps". Heanley also played a Police Officer in the BBC series "Spooks" (produced by Kudos). In 2012 he played an MI6 officer in the BBC/HBO series "Hunted", (produced by Kudos and Big Light Productions). In 2013 Rob Heanley guest stars as Dr Ian Parks in the second series of the BBC drama "Death in Paradise (TV series)" produced by Red Planet Pictures, set on the fictitious island of Saint-Marie and filmed on location on the Caribbean island of Guadeloupe.
Film.
In 2011 Rob Heanley appeared on cinema screens (UK, US, Canada and India) in the Bollywood sensation Patiala House playing Simon Randall (Chairman of Selectors). As well as stars of Indian cinema (Akshay Kumar, Rishi Kapoor and Anushka Sharma) the film included appearances from numerous well known cricketers including David Gower, Graham Gooch and Nasser Hussain as selectors of the England Cricket team.
Sport.
Heanley also plays amateur cricket for Roehampton Cricket Club and received recognition for his bowling figures (8-41) which were in the top 10 bowling performances for the 2009 season across all divisions in the Surrey League.
In April 2013 Rob ran the Brighton Marathon for the Charity Tommy's. He completed it in 04:09:22.
Rob is a Rugby Union Referee in the RFU National Leagues. In November 2012 Rob was in Singapore to referee the International SCC7s. He refereed the Bowl final between Kenya Umpala and Swedish Vikings. In July and August 2013 he toured South Africa refereeing matches in Cape Town and across Western Province.

</doc>
<doc id="30959945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959945" title="Arignar Anna Institute of Science and Technology">
Arignar Anna Institute of Science and Technology

Arignar Anna Institute of Science and Technology is a College of Engineering that is located in Sriperumbudur, Chennai, Tamil Nadu. It was established in 1999. The college has been approved by the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) and linked to Annamalai University.
Location.
The college with 2.5 Lakh Sq.ft. of built up area is situated at Chennai (Sriperumbudur) in 60 acres of green land surrounded by Hyundai Ltd., Dell, Samsung, MRF, Nokia, Flextronix, Motorola, Arjun Technologies, Inzi Controls, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="30959946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959946" title="2011–12 Detroit Red Wings season">
2011–12 Detroit Red Wings season

The 2011–12 Detroit Red Wings season was the 86th season for the National Hockey League franchise that was established on September 25, 1926. The Red Wings finished the season with a 48–28–6 record and for the first time since 1990–91 season, the Red Wings did not finish first or second in the division, finishing third. Also, the Red Wings had their earliest playoff exit since 2006 against the Edmonton Oilers, losing to the Nashville Predators in 5 games.
Off-season.
On July 19, 2011, goaltender Chris Osgood announced his retirement from the NHL after 17 seasons. Osgood won three Stanley Cups with the Red Wings and will remain with the Red Wings organization, working with Detroit's goaltending prospects.
Regular season.
On February 12, against the Philadelphia Flyers, the Red Wings tied an NHL record of 20 consecutive home wins. The only two other teams to accomplish this feat was the 1930 Boston Bruins and the 1976 Philadelphia Flyers. On February 14, against the Dallas Stars, the Red Wings broke the NHL record of 20 consecutive home wins, becoming the first team to record 21 straight home wins. The streak was extended to 23 on February 19 with a win over the San Jose Sharks. The streak started on November 5, 2011 against the Anaheim Ducks. However, the streak would end at 23 games with a 4–3 shootout loss to the Vancouver Canucks on February 23, 2012.
The Red Wings tied the Tampa Bay Lightning for the fewest shorthanded goals scored during the regular season, with 2.
Player statistics.
Skaters.
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; +/− = Plus/Minus; PIM = Penalty Minutes"
Goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games Played; TOI = Time On Ice (minutes); W = Wins; L = Losses; OT = Overtime Losses; GA = Goals Against; SO = Shutouts; Sv% = Save Percentage; GAA = Goals Against Average"
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Red Wings. Stats reflect time with the Red Wings only.
‡Traded mid-season
Bold/italics denotes franchise record
Awards and records.
Milestones.
The Detroit Red Wings officially broke the NHL record for consecutive home games won, on February 14, 2012. They defeated the Dallas Stars by a score of 3–1, breaking the 1929–30 Boston Bruins and the 1975–76 Philadelphia Flyers previous record of 20 games. The streak ended at 23 wins after a shootout loss to the Vancouver Canucks on February 23, 2012.
Final roster.
Updated April 16, 2012.
Transactions.
The Red Wings have been involved in the following transactions during the 2011–12 season.

</doc>
<doc id="30959952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959952" title="2011 Bohemian F.C. season">
2011 Bohemian F.C. season

The 2011 season is Bohemian Football Club's 91st season in the League of Ireland and the club's 121st year in existence having played previously in the Irish Football League from 1902 to 1911 and 1912 to 1920. Having finished 2nd in the league last year they club will play in the League of Ireland Premier Division under manager Pat Fenlon. They will also compete in the FAI Cup, the League of Ireland Cup, the Setanta Cup, the Leinster Senior Cup and the Europa League (2011-2012 qualification) this season.
First Team Squad.
As of 10 September 2011

</doc>
<doc id="30959953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959953" title="Winthrop Pickard Bell">
Winthrop Pickard Bell

Winthrop Pickard Bell (May 12, 1884 – April 4, 1965) was a Canadian academic who taught philosophy at the University of Toronto and Harvard. He is however perhaps best known for his work as a historian of Nova Scotia.
He was born in Halifax, Nova Scotia and educated at Mount Allison University, McGill University, Harvard University (where he studied under Josiah Royce, about whose theory of knowledge he was later to write his doctoral dissertation), the University of Leipzig, and finally at the University of Göttingen (where he completed his doctoral studies under Edmund Husserl). Edith Stein was among his friends during his Göttingen period.
During the First World War he was held in the civilian internment camp at Ruhleben, near Berlin, for more than three years. After the war he taught philosophy at the University of Toronto and at Harvard University, which he left in 1927 to pursue a career in business.
In his latter years he focused his energies on historical research, much of which concerned the group of mid-18th-Century immigrants to Nova Scotia known as the "Foreign Protestants". His most notable publication was "The "Foreign Protestants" and the Settlement of Nova Scotia", which was published by the University of Toronto Press in 1961; his "Register of the Foreign Protestants of Nova Scotia" was published some years after his death.

</doc>
<doc id="30959954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30959954" title="Night (Michelangelo)">
Night (Michelangelo)

Night is a sculpture in marble (155x150 cm, maximum length 194 cm diagonally) by the Italian Renaissance sculptor Michelangelo Buonarroti, dating from 1526–1531, included in the decoration of the New Sacristy in San Lorenzo, Florence. 
It is part of an allegory of the four parts of day, and is situated on the left of the sarcophagus of the tomb of Giuliano di Lorenzo de' Medici, Duke of Nemours.
In his poem "L'Idéal" from Les Fleurs du Mal, French Romantic poet Charles Baudelaire references the statue: 
Ou bien toi, grande Nuit, fille de Michel-Ange,
Qui tors paisiblement dans une pose étrange
Tes appas façonnés aux bouches des Titans!
Or you, great Night, daughter of Michelangelo,
Who calmly contort, reclining in a strange pose
Your charms molded by the mouths of Titans!

</doc>
