<doc id="31086436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086436" title="Richard Santagati">
Richard Santagati

Richard J. Santagati (born 1945) is an American businessman and philanthropist who has served as an executive for several businesses and institutions. He has held multiple high profile positions in Massachusetts based companies. His service at some locations has garnered controversy, and the "Boston Herald" has claimed that he has "received more publicity—some of it positive, some of it decidedly negative—than most people receive in several lifetimes".
Education and early career.
Santagati attended Merrimack College, a private college in North Andover, Massachusetts. After graduating from Merrimack, he attended the MIT Sloan School of Management. 
His first major executive position was as the Vice President of Marketing for NYNEX. He later became the President and Chairman of NYNEX. Under Santagati's leadership of NYNEX the company opened its first retail stores, in a major shift of strategy.
Gaston & Snow.
In 1986 Santagati moved from NYNEX to Gaston & Snow, which was then Boston's largest law firm. He initially became the Chief Operating Officer. Though it was then an unusual step for a law firm to put a non-lawyer in a high profile executive role, he later became the CEO of the company. During his tenure at Gaston & Snow the legal fees, overhead, and lawyer salaries skyrocketed, as was the case at many of their competitors. In the early 1990s Gaston & Snow's finances rapidly deteriorated and they were forced to lay off employees. Gaston & Snow filed for bankruptcy in October 1991. Some of the factors that caused the bankruptcy include heavy debt, the loss of partners, and conflict between executives. The "Boston Globe" referred to it as "worst implosion of a Boston law firm in history". Some blamed Santagati for Gaston & Snow's failure. One of the bankruptcy trustees accused him of "fraud, negligence and breach of fiduciary duty". The allegations also included charges that he "manipulated the firm's internal systems to boost his own compensation, standing and business reputation". Many Boston lawyers argued, however, that the bankruptcy was the fault of senior lawyers at Gaston & Snow. Santagati's defenders contend that some lawyers who were already the highest paid employees of the firm insisted on higher pay and blocked plans to rescue the company. 
After leaving Gaston & Snow in 1991 Santagati served as a partner in the Boston based venture capital firm Lighthouse Capital Management for a year before becoming the CEO of Artel Communications from 1992 to 1994.
Merrimack College.
In 1995 Santagati became the president of his alma mater, Merrimack College. He had previously served as the chairman of Merrimack College's board of trustees. Merrimack is run by the Order of Saint Augustine and Santagati was the first chief executive in Merrimack's history that was not a part of the order. During his leadership of Merrimack it transitioned from a school known for students living off campus and commuted to classes to a school with 80% of students living on campus. Santagati was also the most successful fundraiser in Merrimack history, acquiring the first seven figure gifts in the school's history. While he served as president of the school the number of applications that they received doubled. He announced his retirement in January 2008 after 14 years at Merrimack. 
At Merrimack Santagati occasionally came into conflict with the school's faculty. In May 2007 he made the decision to deny tenure to a professor prompting Merrimack's professors cast a symbolic vote of no confidence against him. His decision received the backing of the board of trustees, however. In 2006 his compensation made headlines after he was paid a salary of $709,969 plus expenses, making him the third highest paid president of a private college in the United States. A spokesperson for the college defended his salary, noting that he was typically paid much less but received a sum of conditional long term deferred compensation that year due to a change in IRS regulations. In the aftermath of the announcement the Merrimack College faculty senate passed a motion expressing "presidential compensation may damage the College's reputation". Merrimack's campus newspaper also published an article quoting students that were critical of his compensation. 
He is now the chairman of the board of trustees of Lawrence General Hospital in Lawrence, Massachusetts. Santagati also serves on the board of directors of Revlon, Celerity Solutions, and CTC Communications. He has also been the chairman of the Merrimack Valley Chamber of Commerce. He is married to Marilyn Santagati and has three children.

</doc>
<doc id="31086442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086442" title="Bald Head River (Newfoundland)">
Bald Head River (Newfoundland)

The Bald Head River is a short river in Ferryland electoral district on the Avalon Peninsula in Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada. It flows from an unnamed lake through Bald Head Pond to its mouth at the Atlantic Ocean near a headland named Bald Head and about northeast of the community of Bay Bulls.

</doc>
<doc id="31086450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086450" title="Masahiro Miyashita">
Masahiro Miyashita

Masahiro Miyashita (born October 10, 1975) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31086458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086458" title="2011 Deildabikar">
2011 Deildabikar

The 2011 Deildabikar was the 16th season of the Icelandic League Cup, a pre-season professional football competition in Iceland. The competition started on 17 February 2011 and concluded on 25 April 2011. KR Reykjavík were the reigning champions, having won their fourth League Cup the year before.
The 24 teams from the Úrvalsdeild and 1. deild karla were divided into 3 groups of 8 teams. Every team played every other team of its group once, either home or away. In a change from last year's competition, only four clubs will progress to the knockout stages of the competition. Each group winner and the best group runner-up will enter the semi-finals.
Group stage.
The games were played from 17 February to 16 April 2011.
Knockout stage.
"Source: ksi.is "
Semifinals.
The games were played on 20 and 21 April 2011.
External links.
Icelandic FA

</doc>
<doc id="31086490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086490" title="Chile Tennis Federation">
Chile Tennis Federation

Chile Tennis Federation () is the national governing body of a tennis in Chile. The federation was formed on April 3, 1920 in Santiago, under the name of the "Lawn Tennis Association of Chile"(LTAC). In 1948 LTAC joined the International Tennis Federation. At the national level it is affiliated to the Olympic Committee of Chile and on region basis it is the member of South America Tennis Confederation.
Chile Tennis Federation operates all of the Chilean national representative tennis sides, including the Chile Davis Cup team, the Chile Fed Cup team and youth sides as well. CTF is also responsible for organizing and hosting tennis tournaments within Chile and scheduling the home international fixtures.

</doc>
<doc id="31086506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086506" title="Neva Haites">
Neva Haites

Professor Neva Haites OBE is a prominent scientist and physician who investigates molecular genetics and diseases in humans and specialises in cancer genetics; she has more than 90 publications in genetics concerning inherited predisposition to cancer, retinitis pigmentosa, hereditary motor neuropathy and sensory neuropathy. 
Haites is currently a Professor in Medical Genetics and the Head of College at the University of Aberdeen, College of Life Sciences and Medicine. In 2004, she was appointed as Vice Principal of the University of Aberdeen, representing the first female at the University to hold that position. She is also a member of the Human Fertilisation and Embryology Authority (HFEA), a Government Advisory Committee member of the Committee on Medical Aspects of Radiation in the Environment (COMARE), and a Biomedical and Therapeutic Committee member of the Chief Scientist Office (CSO) of the Scottish Office.
Professor Haites was awarded an Order of the British Empire (OBE) for services to Medicine during the 2006 New Year Honours, elected Fellow of The Academy of Medical Sciences (FMedSci) in 2000, elected Fellow of The Royal Society of Edinburgh (FRSE) in 2010, and has gained Fellowships with The Royal College of Physicians (FRCP) and The Royal College of Pathologists (FRCP).
Although currently residing in Scotland, Haites was born in Brisbane, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="31086516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086516" title="Federal Peronism">
Federal Peronism

Federal Peronism (), or Dissident Peronism (), are the informal names given to a changing alliance of Justicialist Party figures, currently identified mostly by its opposition to ruling Kirchnerism, the center-left faction that heads the national Government of Argentina and leads the Peronist movement.
The term "Federal Peronism," as opposed to "metropolitan Peronism" (mainly from Greater Buenos Aires), was informally used since the 1980s to identify the more traditional and conservative Peronists from the Provinces of Argentina, whose governors grew in number and influence during the administration of President Carlos Menem.
"Dissident Peronism" is more properly used to refer to the Peronist opposition to the administrations and party leadership of left-leaning Néstor Kirchner and Cristina Fernández de Kirchner. The term gained currency since the 2008 Argentine government conflict with the agricultural sector, when a number of party leaders, governors and legislators (mainly from the agroexporter provinces) withdrew their support of the national government.
Overview.
Following the crisis that precipitated the resignation of President Fernando de la Rúa on December 21, 2001, the opposition Justicialist Party won a majority in both houses of the Argentine Congress in the October 2001 mid-term elections. The first interim President of Argentina elected by Congress after de la Rúa's resignation, San Luis Province Senator Adolfo Rodríguez Saá, had the support of a group of governors and legislators from the hinterland provinces, from where the informal designation of "Federal Peronism" originated. He resigned a week later, however, after failing to gain support from other factions of Peronism, from organized labor, and other sectors of Argentine society. The former Governor of Buenos Aires Province and runner-up in the 1999 general election, Eduardo Duhalde was elected by the Congress as interim President of Argentina on January 2, 2002.
Eduardo Duhalde, who counted on the support of Buenos Aires Province Peronism and some labor union leaders, called elections for April 2003, and persuaded the fractious Justicialist Party to present candidates directly to the general elections, without party primaries. After attempting to endorse other candidates (Carlos Reutemann, who refused to run, and José Manuel de la Sota, who did badly at the polls), Duhalde threw his support behind the little-known Governor of Santa Cruz Province, Néstor Kirchner. Federal Peronists, in turn, were represented in the elections by two factions, one headed by former President Carlos Menem and Governor of Salta Province José Luis Romero, identified with the policies spoused by Menem's 1989-99 presidency, and the other by Adolfo Rodríguez Saá and his brother, Alberto Rodríguez Saá, in an alliance with Radical Civic Union lawmaker Melchor Posse. Menem and Kirchner emerged as the runoff candidates, but the former President withdrew on May 14 as he anticipated a landslide defeat (the polls favored Kirchner 70%–30%), and Kirchner became the president-elect.
The alliance between President Kirchner and Duhalde had been dissolved by the 2005 mid-term elections. Kirchner and Duhalde fielded their respective wives (each an influential lawmaker in her own right), Cristina Fernández de Kirchner and Hilda González de Duhalde, as leaders of their party lists in Buenos Aires Province (the nation's largest constituency). The landslide victory of the Kirchners' FpV consolidated their leadership role in the Justicialist Party, and this in turn forced Duhalde to break with the official Peronist body, the Justicialist Party, in which Kirchnerism had become the dominant force. He thus established Federal Peronism on November 4, 2005, and gathered a caucus of 25 Congressmen in its support. They later backed Alberto Rodríguez Saá's conservative Peronist candidacy in the 2007 presidential elections, where Mrs. Kirchner was elected to succeed her husband with 45% of the vote (twice that of the runner-up, and six times that of Rodríguez Saá).
Dissident Peronism was united by its opposition to Kirchner's Front for Victory (FpV), which became the leading vehicle for left-wing Peronists and incorporated much of the official Peronist structure. Among the early leaders in Dissident Peronism also included Misiones Province Senator Ramón Puerta, Buenos Aires Province Congressman Carlos Ruckauf, and union leader Luis Barrionuevo. Barrionuevo, unlike most members of the CGT, was allied with Menem, who arguably remained the most prominent spokesman for neo-liberal policies in Argentina.
The 2008 Argentine government conflict with the agricultural sector over a proposed rise in export tariffs led to a sharp drop in presidential approval ratings, and numerous FpV lawmakers from more agrarian provinces broke with the party. The defections, which included 16 Lower House members and 4 Senators, thus resulted in the reemergence of Federal Peronism. The conflict also prompted Luis Barrionuevo, whose alliance with Menem had cost him support in the CGT, to organize a splinter trade union confederation, the "Blue and White CGT," to challenge the center-left wing leadership of Secretary General Hugo Moyano, albeit unsuccessfully. A dissident Peronist who as an ally of Menem had never joined the FpV, businessman Francisco de Narváez, in turn formed an alliance with the center-right PRO in Buenos Aires Province and the city of Buenos Aires for the 2009 elections.
The elections resulted in a setback for the governing, center-left Front for Victory and its allies, which lost their absolute majorities in both houses of Congress. Former President Néstor Kirchner stood as head of the FpV party list in the important Buenos Aires Province. Kirchner's list was defeated, however, by the center-right PRO/Federal Peronism list headed by de Narváez; the loss in Buenos Aires Province, though narrow, was significant as the province had helped maintain Kirchnerism as the dominant force in Argentine politics since 2003.
Federal Peronism emerged from the 2009 mid-term elections with 45 Congressmen and 10 Senators, becoming the fourth and third-largest caucus in each house, respectively. The alliance began preparations for the 2011 elections by agreeing to a primary election for April 3, thereby uniting behind a single candidate. Among the candidates running in the Federal Peronist primary were: former President Eduardo Duhalde; Senators Adolfo Rodríguez Saá, Juan Carlos Romero, and Carlos Reutemann; Congressmen Felipe Solá and Francisco de Narváez; and Governor Mario Das Neves. An alliance with PRO was also actively considered; Mauricio Macri expressed unwillingness to accept a running mate from outside PRO ranks, but ultimately withdrew his bid for the presidency.
Trailing in the polls ahead of the 2011 elections, Federal Peronists remained divided between Duhalde's Popular Front and Alberto Rodríguez Saá's Federal Commitment even after the national August primaries, with Rodríguez Saá attracting upscale voters, and Duhalde, older, mainly working-class voters. They finished third and fourth place in the October general election with 8% and 6% of the total vote, respectively.
Governor José Manuel de la Sota of Córdoba Province formally became a dissident Peronist in September 2012 by establishing a local Justicialist Party faction opposed to Kirchnerism.

</doc>
<doc id="31086526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086526" title="Takashi Shoji">
Takashi Shoji

Takashi Shoji (庄司 孝, born September 14, 1971) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31086541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086541" title="Michael Glawogger">
Michael Glawogger

Michael Glawogger (3 December 1959 – 23 April 2014) was an Austrian film director, screenwriter and cinematographer.
From 1981 to 1982 Glawogger studied at the San Francisco Art Institute, and from 1983 to 1989 at the Vienna Film Academy. Like fellow Austrian director Ulrich Seidl, with whom he collaborated several times, he was mainly known for his documentary films, such as "Megacities" (1998), "Workingman's Death" (2005) and "Whores' Glory" (2011). In 2008 he was a member of the jury at the 30th Moscow International Film Festival.
Death.
4 days after incorrectly being diagnosed with typhus he died from malaria on 22 April 2014 shortly before midnight in Monrovia, Liberia during a movie production.

</doc>
<doc id="31086546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086546" title="Vijitha Rohana">
Vijitha Rohana

Wijemuni Vijitha Rohana de Silva (born 1965) was a Sri Lankan sailor and political activist. He is noted for his assault on Indian Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi on July 30, 1987 at President's House, Colombo. It was claimed by some as an attempted assassination. He later contested a general election under the Sihala Urumaya party in 2000.
Early life and naval career.
Born in the southern province of Sri Lanka, he studied at Gintota Maha Vidyalaya and passed the O Level examination. Thereafter he joined the Sri Lanka Navy received his weapons training at the Naval and Maritime Academy and specialized as a radiomen. He was stationed at SLNS Elara in Karainagar, Jaffna taking part in the Vadamarachchi Operation. In July 1987 he was a Leading Rate and transferred the Colombo and assigned to the Guard of honour for the visiting Indian Prime Minister, who was in Colombo to sign the Indo-Sri Lanka Accord that would result in the deployment of the Indian Peace Keeping Force.
Assault.
Rohana was enraged by the Indian support for the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam and its direct interfacing in Sri Lanka with Operation Poomalai and forcing the conclusion of the successful Vadamarachchi Operation before all its objectives were met. These were sentiments felt throughout the country and continues to this day. 
The Guard of Honour was commanded by Lieutenant Mendis who invited the Indian Prime Minister to review the guard as per tradition. Rajiv Gandhi was escorted by Lieutenant Mendis along with Sri Lankan Finance Minister Ronnie de Mel, and Sri Lankan security personnel. Vijitha Rohana swung his ceremonial Lee-Enfield rifle at the Indian Prime Minister aiming at the back of his neck. Gandhi managed to duck and miss the full brunt of the blow, even though the rifle struck him. Rohana was quickly restrained by Lieutenant Mendis and the Chief Petty Officer of the detachment along with other security personnel. He was arrested by the CID.
Court martial.
Vijitha Rohana faced a court martial headed by K.R.L. Perera, Group Captain Buddhi Siriwardhen and Colonel Vijaya Wimalaratne. He was charged with attempted murder and acting contrary to navy discipline and insulting a state leader. Prosecuted by Senior State Counsel Captain Raja Fernando, his defense team was made up of Sarath Wijesinghe, Susil Premajayantha, Stanley Thilakaratne, Brigadier (Rtd.) Donald Hewagama, D.S. Wijesinghe, Tivanka Wickramasinghe, Jayantha Weerasinghe, M.L.M. Ameen, Mahinda Jayawardena, WW. Somaratne, Kitsiri Jayasuriya, Geetha Jayasekera, Dimal Philips, Priyantha Fernando, Sandya de Silva, Rohana Jayasekera and Nalin Laduwahetty. The defense implied that Rohana was not aiming to kill since he could have stabbed the premier with the bayonet affixed to his Lee-Enfield rifle at the time. The court martial found him guilty of attempted culpable homicide not amounting to murder and insulting the Indian Prime Minister. He was sentenced to six years in prison, however President Premadasa gave him a presidential pardon after two and a half years.
Later life.
After his release from prison he gained a degree from the University of Sri Jayewardenepura and started his own business. In 2000 he contested the general election under the Sihala Urumaya party. 

</doc>
<doc id="31086554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086554" title="Canyon Ranch">
Canyon Ranch

Canyon Ranch operates two destination health spa resorts in the United States. Canyon Ranch resorts are located in Tucson, Arizona, and Lenox, Massachusetts. Canyon Ranch also operates Canyon Ranch Hotel & Spa in Miami Beach, Florida, as well as "SpaClub" locations with primarily day spa facilities. These are located at the Venetian and the Palazzo hotels in Las Vegas, and on various cruise ships including the "Queen Mary 2", Regent Seven Seas and Oceania cruise ships. Canyon Ranch's slogan is "The Power of Possibility."
Canyon Ranch Resorts.
Canyon Ranch operates two US destination resorts. The resorts have accommodations for short or long term visits and also residential homes and condos. Guests and residents have access to a spa, spa services, enrichment classes, exercise classes, cosmetic services, healthy dining, and various resort facilities. Preventative and diagnostic medical services are also offered.
Tucson, Arizona.
The Tucson resort is located next to the Santa Catalina Mountains in an area of desert wilderness. It is the original facility and the location of the company's management offices.
Lenox, Massachusetts.
The Lenox resort is in the historic Bellefontaine Mansion in the woods of Berkshire County.
Miami Beach, Florida.
The Miami Beach location is a complex of three beach-front high-rise buildings. One of the buildings is the former Carillon Hotel.
Canyon Ranch SpaClub.
Spa club locations offer spa services, much like a typical day spa, as well as fitness classes and workout facilities.
Las Vegas.
Canyon Ranch operates the hotel spas at The Venetian and The Palazzo hotels in Las Vegas. There is also a retail store, Living Essentials at Canyon Ranch SpaClub, located in the Palazzo, off the SpaClub's main lobby.
Cruise Ships.
Canyon Ranch operates the spas on the "Queen Mary 2", Regent Seven Seas cruise ships, and Oceania cruise ships.
Gaylord Palms.
This location, in Kissimmee, Florida, across from Disney World, was sold to Relâche Spa and is no longer part of Canyon Ranch.
History.
Canyon Ranch was founded by Mel and Enid Zuckerman and Jerry Cohen in 1979 in Tucson, Arizona. Zuckerman was originally inspired to start a health resort after his own success with improving his health. Following financial success of the Tucson location, the Lenox resort opened in 1989. SpaClub locations began opening starting in 1999. The Miami Beach location opened in 2008.
Origin of the name "Canyon Ranch".
In an interview with journalist David Leighton, published in the Arizona Daily Star newspaper, on June 24, 2014, Mel Zuckerman tells about the origin 
of the name "Canyon Ranch": 
Zuckerman left New Jersey with his family in 1958, and traveled west to find a new home. After 5 weeks of traveling around the western United States, Zuckerman ended up in Tucson, Arizona. He visited Sabino Canyon (a canyon, northeast of Tucson, at the base of the Santa Catalina Mountains), and decided he wanted to live near the natural beauty of this place. Later on when he decided to open a health resort in 1978, along with his wife Enid, he purchased the 42-acre Double U Dude Ranch, near Sabino Canyon. The old ranch buildings were in bad shape but rather than tear them down, and potentially damage the energy of place and scare away the wildlife he decided to rebuild them. When it came time to name the new resort he called it Canyon Ranch, "a name derived from Sabino Canyon and the Double U Dude Ranch."

</doc>
<doc id="31086585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086585" title="2004 CAA Men's Basketball Tournament">
2004 CAA Men's Basketball Tournament

The 2004 CAA Men's Basketball Tournament was held from March 5–8, 2004 at the Richmond Coliseum in Richmond, Virginia. The winner of the tournament was VCU, who received an automatic bid to the 2004 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament. 

</doc>
<doc id="31086601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086601" title="Gungnir (video game)">
Gungnir (video game)

Gungnir, full title , is a tactical role-playing game for the PlayStation Portable, developed by Sting Entertainment and published by Atlus. It is Episode IX of the Dept. Heaven series, and was released in Japan on May 19, 2011 after two years of development.
Story.
"Gungnir" begins in the year 983 and takes place in the empire of Gargandia, a country populated by two races: the upper-class Daltania and the peasant Leonica. The Leonica race is regarded as "cursed" for yet unknown reasons, and is subjected to harsh class discrimination.
Because of this and incidents such as the "Espada Massacre" that occurred over fifteen years ago, a group of Leonicans aided by Daltania sympathizers has formed a resistance army called Esperanza. Their resistance is, however, badly outmatched and struggling.
One day, a young platoon leader in Esperanza named Giulio comes upon a slave trader taking a kidnapped Daltania girl out of the country, and he and his men rescue her. He welcomes the girl, Alissa, into Esperanza, although she worries what response this will bring from the Daltania military.
Shortly after this, during a desperate battle that appears as though it may cost Giulio's life, a powerful demonic weapon appears before him. Identifying it as the demon lance Gungnir, he decides to take it up, and uses it to seize victory from the jaws of defeat, striking terror into the hearts of many. Giulio and Esperanza come to believe that Gungnir will give them the power they need to win the war with the ruling class, but this acquisition causes Giulio's destiny to begin moving.
Gameplay.
The gameplay flow of Gungnir is divided between event scenes, battles, and breaks between each stage in which the player may buy new equipment and change the equipment of party characters. The game display is isometric, with hand-drawn character sprites and environments rendered in 3D, and the official website describes the game as using the orthodox tactical RPG system as a base while employing a time system and an all-new mechanic known as the "Tactics Gauge".
Sting programmer JaJa remarked in his production blog that "This time we're not going for the 'What the heck is this?!' mysterious approach of "Knights in the Nightmare"... I think it'll be the type of thing where people will look at the game screen and wonder, 'Is it this type of game then?' And at first, that guess will be right on. However, as you play the game, parts that make you go 'Huh? What's this??' will pop up all over the place if we can get the finishing touches right".
According to the game's product page on Gamestar, "Gungnir" will feature an optional support mode for players struggling with the system and difficulty level. The Amazon product page features one screenshot depicting a decision point, showing that there will be some form of branching in the game; both multiple routes and Easy Mode were later confirmed by an interview appearing in Gamers Magazine.
The game's PV advertisement claims that there are 25 unit classes.
Units and Recruitment.
Up to ten generic units may be recruited at any one time; Julio and any storyline characters accompanying the party do not count for this total.
There are twelve generic unit types: Garrison, Assassin, Trickster, Gunner, Shooter, Sorceress, Paladin, Breaker, Venery, Archer, Priestess, and Witch. In addition, eight monster classes exist: Harpuia, Skeleton, Drake, Undine, Pixie, Vampire, Golem, and Rail Cannon. Most major story characters have their own unique classes.
New units can be permanently recruited in between battlefields.
Tactics Gauge.
The gauge displayed on the left side of the screen is known as the Tactics Gauge, and the Tactics Points used to fill the gauge can be employed for various functions. The more Tactics Points are in the gauge, the stronger the party's attacks will be, but these points may also be used for the Scramble function, which interrupts the natural turn order and allows the player to mobilize his or her army any time they please.
Tactics Points are primarily gained by obtaining control over key locations of each battlefield.
Beat and Boost.
Two extra methods of attack that rely on cooperation between allies. Beat involves up to four extra allies joining in to attack the targeted enemy as long as they are within the plus-shaped target locus; Boost involves allies on a similar locus extending from the initiator lending their strength for a single powerful attack. How many squares these loci extend depends on how many key locations the player controls.
The Inferno.
Once the player has obtained Gungnir itself in the story, Julio can use it to summon great demons called or "gods of war" to produce various field-wide effects. Doing so costs Tactics Points. Three of these beings were introduced in an online Famitsu announcement. There are five in all, and they are all named after figures in Norse mythology.
The first to join the player is Einherjar, the god of rebellious spirit, which deals damage. The second is Midgardsormr, a monstrous beast that destroys equipment. The third is Vánargandr, which both inflicts status effects and deals damage. The fourth is Lífþrasir, who bears a resemblance to series mainstay character Marietta, and heals status effects, damage, and vitality. The last is Fimbultyr, which bestows the Brave status effect.
Whether or not the Inferno other than Einherjar awaken and become usable depends on how much Quality Gungnir has.
Decision Points.
The game features nine decision points during cutscenes, which determine both the general path of the game and the contents of each ending. Certain scenes vary based on the player's choices and thus Giulio's behavior.
Development.
Details about "Gungnir" and its development first emerged in JaJa's blog as early as May 2009, where it was referred to by the code name "9th", a moniker quickly adopted by fans. However, while 34 entries were posted over the course of May and June of that year featuring development talk and occasional postings of concept artwork, JaJa's blog went silent after that time. While Sting initially projected that the game would be released in late 2010, no more was said about it during the development of Yggdra Unison's DS remake, Hexyz Force, the PSP version of Knights in the Nightmare, and , which were developed and released from late 2009 to mid-2010.
The project resurfaced in February 2011 with an announcement in Famitsu magazine, followed by the appearance of a teaser site maintained by Sting and hosted on Atlus' domain. On February 24, JaJa uploaded his first post in two years, confirming "Gungnir" as Dept. Heaven Episode IX. According to JaJa, part of the reason he had not updated his blog during this time was because Sting received a great deal of help on Gungnir from people outside the company itself, and he was worried about causing trouble if he mentioned things that weren't supposed to be revealed yet. Attached to the post in question is a sketch by Satoko Kiyuduki featuring the four main characters of the game backstage at the Famitsu announcement, complaining about their two-year wait.
According to a post by Kiyuduki in the staff blog, the game's visuals originally had a much more super-deformed feel to them before changes were made based on Asai's script and Ito's orders for retakes. The opening movie, which was completed fairly early into production, retains the softer and more baby-faced versions of the characters from that time.
Atlus USA announced the English version of the game will be released on June 12, 2012.
Merchandise.
A demo build of the game was made available for download from the Japanese PSN starting on 14 April 2011. It includes the first three stages of the game and the first scene of the fourth, as well as all branches created by choices up to that point.
In addition, a prerelease mini-album is available for download through iTunes, distributed by Atlus. This release contains the three tracks that play randomly on the Gungnir homepage: The title track , battle theme , and (Paulo's theme).
Preorders of the game from certain online stores (Messe Sanon, Medialand, Imagine, Softmap, and WonderGOO) come with a phone card featuring special illustrations of certain characters (Fiona, Natalia, Alyssa, and Elise respectively).
The game's strategy guide, "Gungnir -Inferno of the Demon Lance and the War of Heroes- Official Complete Guide", will be produced by Softbank Creative and sold starting on June 3. The 2-disc official soundtrack was released under the SMD itaku label on June 22. An official art, documents, and settings book will be released on August 3, also by Softbank Creative.
Reception.
Gungnir has received mixed reviews. Tech-Gaming found the game's battle system to offer a nice variation on strategy role-playing formula and lauded the game's charming graphical style which consistently offers a plethora of information but bemoaned the game's plodding introduction.

</doc>
<doc id="31086633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086633" title="Bear Claw Casino &amp; Hotel">
Bear Claw Casino &amp; Hotel

Bear Claw Casino & Hotel, is a small casino located on the White Bear First Nations near Moose Mountain Provincial Park and Carlyle, Saskatchewan, Canada. The facility includes a Casino (with 132 slot machines and 4 table games), lounge, and restaurant, as 35 room hotel and stalls for campers.
The Casino was the first casino in Saskatchewan operated by a native group to open in the province in 1993, at that time it was caught up in a legal battle between the local first nations group and the province over jurisdiction. Originally the casino opened in 1993 in the club house of the White Bear Golf Course; moving into its current location in 1996.
In 2010 the 35-room hotel was fully renovated when taken over by the Saskatchewan Ian Gaming Authority and joined to the Casino facility. After reopening in June 2010 this became the first hotel operated by the Saskatchewan Indian Gaming Authority.

</doc>
<doc id="31086640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086640" title="O'Hare Air Reserve Station">
O'Hare Air Reserve Station

O'Hare Air Reserve Station is a former United States Air Force base, located at O'Hare International Airport. It was located west-northwest of Chicago, Illinois. It was closed in 1999.
History.
The original Douglas Aircraft C-54 Skymaster transport manufacturing plant on the northeast side of O'Hare International Airport evolved into a United States Air Force Air National Guard and Air Force Reserve facility after World War II. The Chicago City Council voted to rename the wartime Orchard Field in the Northwest Corner of the city O'Hare Field, in honor of Lieutenant Commander Edward Henry "Butch" O'Hare (March 13, 1914 – November 26, 1943). O'Hare was the United States Navy's first ace in World War II, and Medal of Honor recipient.
Continental Air Command.
Beginning in 1947, the airfield was assigned to Continental Air Command (ConAC). The 338th Bombardment Group flew B-29 Superfortresses from the airfield between June 12 and June 27, 1949. The B-29s were replaced by the 437th Troop Carrier Group, flying Curtiss C-46 Commandoes until being activated for the Korean War on March 14, 1951. Its aircraft and personnel were deployed to various units in South Korea and Japan, with the group being inactivated immediately afterwards. In the summer of 1952, the 437th TCW returned to Chicago.
Air Defense Command.
During the 1950s, tensions between the United States and the Soviet Union were at a fever pitch; with it came the development of a substantial air defense establishment to counter a potential attack over the North Pole by Soviet bombers. A large network of ground based radars and fighter interceptor units lined the approaches to the United States and Canada.
As a result, the ConAC reserve units were withdrawn and O'Hare was reassigned to Air Defense Command's Central Air Defense Force. The 62d Fighter-Interceptor Squadron was transferred to the station flying F-86 Sabres. The 62d FIS remained at O'Hare until October 1, 1959, becoming part of the ADC 56th Fighter Group (Air Defense), and later being upgraded to the F-86D interceptor version of the Sabre. In addition, the federalized Oregon Air National Guard 142d Fighter-Interceptor Wing was stationed at O'Hare from March 1, 1951 to February 6, 1952.
Other Air Defense Command (ADC) squadrons assigned to the 56th Fighter Group at O'Hare Airport were the 42d Fighter-Interceptor Squadron (1953–1955) (F-86D) and the 63d Fighter-Interceptor Squadron (1955–1958) (F-86D/L) In 1960, the need for active duty ADC bases was diminishing and the Air Force inactivated its active-duty ADC units at O'Hare and returned the station back to Continental Air Command (later resesignated Air Force Reserve) to base reserve units under the 2840th Air Reserve Training Wing.
Illinois Air National Guard.
In the spring of 1954, the Illinois Air National Guard's 126th Bombardment Group and support units moved to O'Hare from Midway Airport. Also in 1954, the 33rd Infantry Band of the Illinois National Guard was redesignated the 566th Air Force Band and assigned to the group at Midway. This was the first Geographically Separated Unit to be assigned to the group. They often drilled at O'Hare.
In 1961, the unit received the first air refueling mission in the Air National Guard. Hangar 19 was completed just in time to receive the first KC-97 flying tanker in July and the unit was re-designated as the 126th Air Refueling Group, flying the KC-97 Stratotanker. From 1967 to 1976 during "Operation Creek Party", some 600 trans-Atlantic flights were flown and 150 million pounds of fuel off-loaded to USAFE and NATO aircraft. It was the first time the Air National Guard had performed a continuous operation without activation.
In 1976, the 126th transitioned to the KC-135 Stratotanker, was redesignated as the 126th Air Refueling Wing (126 ARW) and was placed under the operational command of the Strategic Air Command (SAC). Following the inactivation of SAC in 1992, the 126 ARW came under the command of the newly established Air Mobility Command (AMC).
The unit began performing a Distinguished Visitor mission in June 1997, when the 928th Airlift Wing was disbanded (the host Air Force Reserve unit at O'Hare). This mission called for support of the President of the United States and Air Force One, as well as the aircraft of visiting Heads of State, when landing at O'Hare. The Distinguished Visitor list included the Chancellor of Germany, the President of Mexico, the Prime Minister of Italy, the President of Romania, the Prime Minister of Japan, the Prime Minister of Great Britain and the Premier of China.
Air Force Reserve.
In 1960, the bomber threat to the United States was being eclipsed by concern over Soviet ballistic missiles, and the need for active duty air defense bases was diminishing. The Air Force inactivated its active-duty air defense units at O'Hare and returned the station to the Air Force Reserve to base reserve units under the 2840th Air Reserve Training Wing. O'Hare Air Reserve Station was also long-time home to the 928th Tactical Airlift Wing, later the 928th Airlift Wing (928 AW), of the Air Force Reserve, flying the C-130 Hercules.
The 928th was operationally gained by the Tactical Air Command (TAC) until 1975, the Military Airlift Command (MAC) until 1992, and following the inactivation of SAC, TAC and MAC, by the newly established Air Mobility Command (AMC) from 1992 forward. Among many operations supported during the C-130's time in Chicago include Operation PROVIDE PROMISE, supporting the long-lasting operations in the Balkans during the early and mid-1990s.
Closure.
The 1993 Base Realignment and Closure Commission recommended the closure of O'Hare Air Reserve Station as proposed by the municipal government of the City of Chicago and the transfer of both the 126 ARW and 928 AW to new facilities to be constructed at Scott AFB, Illinois, with much of the associated costs to be borne by the City of Chicago. The 1995 BRAC Commission modified the closure of O'Hare Air Reserve Station as recommended by the 1993 BRAC by inactivating the 928th Airlift Wing, rather than relocating the unit, and distributing its C-130 aircraft to Air Force Reserve C-130 units at Dobbins ARB, Georgia and Peterson AFB, Colorado.
The 126 ARW moved from the former O'Hare Air Reserve Station at O'Hare International Airport to Scott AFB, Illinois as recommended by the Base Realignment and Closure Commission's Report to Congress in conjunction with the closure of the Air Force Reserve Command and Air National Guard facilities at O'Hare.
The Chicago Air Guard (the 126 ARW, 217 EIS, 264 CBCS, and 566 AF Band) held its final Retirement Ceremony with 1500 members in attendance on 16 June 1999 and the keynote speaker being the President of the United States. Later in the month, a grand ball was held with over 800 current and former members attending. Finally, the United States flag flying over O'Hare Air Reserve Station was officially lowered before 500 members and their families, and the last KC-135E departed for Scott AFB, Ill., on the 28th of July 1999. The Chicago Air Guard ceased to exist on that day.
Following the closure of the O'Hare Air Reserve Station, the former USAF facilities were redeveloped for air cargo and general aviation. Today, Signature Flight Support services private aircraft in this area. The large parking ramp for the tankers and transports remains at the airport. Most of the former military facilities, including the hangars and the support buildings have been torn down, their foundations remaining visible in aerial imagery.

</doc>
<doc id="31086641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086641" title="Mohammad Zainuddin">
Mohammad Zainuddin

Haji Mir Mohammad Zainuddin (d. 1850 AD) was Faujdar during Bhonsle Dynasty at Nagpur.
Biography.
Haji Mohammad Zainuddin during the reign of Raghuji Bapusaheb Bhonsle III, migrated to Nagpur from Tijara in 1818 as a noble man. At that time, Nagpur was the princely state. In Nagpur, his relative had a "Risala" (mounted troop) of 100 horse riders with "Naqqara" and "Nishān" (Insignia). 
'Syed Abdul Ali Adil Nagpuri' narrated a Qat'a (a form of poetry) on his appointment as Faujdar in 1266AH/1849AD in the court of Nagpur state.
Family history.
He was present in Tijara and hence remained alive when his father Syed Mohammad Ashraf was assassinated (Shaheed) in 1814 by Meo Community at Sakras. It was a time when Mughals were becoming weak and there was almost anarchy and lawlessness all over the state. The government was weakened by successive wars, agrarian crises fueling local revolts, the growth of religious intolerance and British colonialism. His family lived nearly 500 years in Sakras (now a town in Ferozepur Jhirka) before the demise of his father. His other family members were of the famous nobility from the region of Mewat, many members had a long tradition of scholarship and military history. After the loss of Syed Mohammad Ashraf, the family of Haji Mohammad Zainuddin was shifted to Tijara, where other family relatives were living. 
Qazi Mir Imdad Ali was his brother, who was also Military officer during the Bhonsle Dynasty. Mufti Yaqinuddin son of Mufti Imamuddin, and the brother-in-law of Mohammad Zainuddin (actually son-in-law of his uncle Syed Mohammad Shamsuddin) was a renowned scholar and Mufti of Rewari. Being Mufti of the city, he issued Fatwa against the British forces and to support the forces of Rao Tula Ram of Rewari. In consequent to his Fatwa, Muslims of Rewari and nearby villages fought against British invasion and supported with heart and soul the small force of Rao Tula Ram. Many got martyrdom in the fight so called the 'Fight at Narnaul'. After the defeat of Rao Tula Ram on 16 November 1857, Mufti Yaqinuddin and his brother-in-law Abdur Rahman (alias Nabi Baksh) were hanged after brought from Tijara to Delhi. His brother Mufti Nizamuddin was arrested from Rewari and was also hanged in Delhi.
Haji Mohammad Zainuddin was married to Zarifun Nisan (daughter of Fakhruddin ibn Moizuddin) but had no issues. Zainuddin’s father in law Fakhruddin and maternal grandfather Amiruddin were real brothers. 
Hajj.
In 1832 AD/1248 AH from Nagpur, he went for Hajj along with Qazi Najibuddin (son of Qazi Mohammad Ata) and Arabuddin (son of Qazi-e Ferozepur Jhirka). From Bombay, they took a ship. Before, the departure of the ship, Qazi Najibuddin became ill and died on 13 Shawwal 1248 AH. He was buried at Masjid Maulvi Mohammad Anas. Mohammad Zainuddin and Arabuddin finally went together for Hajj. In the same ship, Maulvi Abu Saeed and Mirza Meena Beg (Risaldar of Tijara) was also present. With reference to Maulvi Mohammad Anas, it seems that the family was quite close to the movement of Hazrat Syed Ahmad Shaheed.
Notes.
Qazi Najibuddin son of Qazi Mohammad Ata was a man of eminence, rich in society and as a leader, he helped many relatives to get important positions at Nagpur. In his lifetime, he bequeathed his role as qazi to his elder son, Qazi Ghulam Mohiuddin and went himself to join the services in the court of Maharaja Nagpur. He joined army as Risaldar. He left the post of Risaldar for his another son, Mohammad Rahimuddin. He also helped to adjust his nephew Mohammad Aminuddin ibn Fasihuddin at various important posts. Qazi Najibuddin was entitled with ‘’Khan Sahib” by Maharaja Nagpur. A paper where details of expenditure by Khan Sahib Mohammad Najibuddin Gharra dated Sifar 1222 AH (1807 AD), is extant in the library of Ibn Sina Academy of Medieval Medicine and Sciences. In Tijara, he planted a 20 Bigha garden for his son Qazi Ghulam Mohiuddin and another garden at 12 Bigha land for Mohammad Rahimuddin. Mohammad Rahimuddin remained as Risaldar 12 more years after the death of his father. In 1262 AH / 1845 AD, he returned to Tijara after dispute within the army. Later in his life from 1262 AH / 1845 AD to 1264 AH / 1847 AD, Mohammad Rahimuddin remained as Risaldar in the 15 Regiment of India. While he was on leave for 7 months in Tijara, he died on 14 Dhu al-Hijjah 1264 AH (Sunday) after getting short illness.
Qazi Ghulam Mohiuddin was born on 2 Rajab 1224 AH / 1809 AD. He became qazi after his father left this post for him. He remained qazi for 23 years. After the death of his brother Mohammad Rahimuddin, he attracted towards Spahigiri and joined 5th regiment of Punjab where he remained as Naib Risaldar for 10 years. He was very loyal and honest person. After suffering from fever for 2 and half months, he died at the age of 51 on 21 Rabi' al-thani at Thursday 1274 AH / 1857 AD near Roadi, District Dera Ismail Khan. He was taken care of by his maternal nephew Waliuddin (son of Ziauddin ibn Qazi Hisamuddin). 
Qazi Ghulam Mohiuddin was first married to Fasihun Nisan (daughter of Mian Ghulam Ahmad ibn Mohammad Ahsan of Loni and had five daughters. He then married to Habibun Nisan (daughter of Afzal Hussain ibn Nijabat Hussain of Rewari). From Habibun Nisan, Qazi Fayyazuddin was born in 1847. The descendents of these 5 daughters and one son are in hundreds now, settled in India and Pakistan. One of the daughters, Amarun Nisan was married to Ghulam Mansoor. 
Death.
Haji Mohammad Zainuddin died in 1850 and is buried at Takya Ghanghru Shah, Chawani Maharajganj (Pardi), Nagpur. Near his grave, several of his relatives are also buried such as Ghulam Qadir and Mohammad Abdul Karim.

</doc>
<doc id="31086656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086656" title="Benito Soliven Academy">
Benito Soliven Academy

Benito Soliven Academy (BSA) is a private secondary school under the Roman Catholic order, conceived by Rev. Fr. Mariano Flores Pacis, the then parish priest of Santo Domingo, located in Poblacion Santo Domingo, Ilocos Sur. The Academy was run by the Diocese of Santo Domingo, but the operation, management and supervision were later transferred to the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Nueva Segovia, during the time of Archbishop Msgr. Juan C. Sison. The Archdiocesan School Board of Trustees and corporators was organized with the Archbishop as the chairman. The parish priest automatically becomes the School Director unless otherwise another one is appointed by the Archdiocesan Chairman.
The main campus of the institution is located at the western area of the Santo Domingo Parish Church grounds, where a 2-storey building with 14 classrooms is located. It is the only Catholic School in Santo Domingo.
History.
Benito Soliven Academy began as a parochial secondary/high school in 1948. 
The Academy is named after the Hon. Benito T. Soliven, who studied law at the University of the Philippines, graduated summa cum laude, placed third in the 1921 Bar Examinations, the first lawyer of Santo Domingo, Ilocos Sur, an intellectual, a linguist, a successful political leader, an Outstanding Congressman, a three-termer in the House of Representatives acclaimed as "Valedictorian" in congress having the greatest number of bills most of which were passed/approved by his colleagues, a hero of World War II, and most of all a very saintly and charitable man, ready to help his less fortunate clients free of charge, and always at the service of the needy. He is the father of the late Maximo Villaflor Soliven, a prominent journalist and publisher and realtor Victorio Villaflor Soliven, the owner of VV Soliven Towers located near the Santolan MRT Station along Epifanio de los Santos Avenue. A town in the province of Isabela is also named after him.
With the full support and backing up of the late Rev. Fr. Msgr. Crisanto Padernal who was the former parish priest of Santo Domingo for 25 years and later assigned as a parish priest of Vigan City and concurrently Archdiocesan Procurator the late Archbishop Msgr. Santiago Sancho approved the request to open a Catholic School in the town.
The first School Board was composed of Fr. Mariano Flores Pacis as chairman and its members were Atty. Faustino Tobia, the late Mayor Filomeno Tadena, Mr. Juan Raquel, Mr. Faustino Tamargo, Mr. Jesus Tobias and Mr. Maximo Molina, the board applied to the Department of Education and Culture for a permit to open a secondary school. It was approved and a government recognition was issued in April 1948, Reg. No. 3935. It was then officially registered to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on October 1948.
According to Fr. Mariano F. Pacis when asked why he was all out in putting up a Catholic Secondary School in the town he said that the Aglipayan Church who had a number of followers then at the time had plans to put up an Aglipayan School, so Fr. Pacis tried his best to go ahead of such plan. He therefore, convened some of the prominent people of the town. Putting their good heads together, they came up with the name of the school - Benito Soliven Academy.
To start the school year 1948-1949 of operation, a team of the Board of Directors went patiently to the different barrios or barangays of the Municipality campaigning for first and second year students to enroll in BSA. So there were 74 students enrolled, 52 in the 1st year and 22 in the 2nd year. In School Year (SY) 1949-1950 there was a total of 161 students enrolled from the 1st to the 4th year. In the 4th year, there were 11 enrollees: 6 boys and 5 girls but only 10 of them were graduated.
From 1948, the enrollment had gradually increased year by year with a greater number of graduation, but with the establishment of the Lussoc National High School in the mid '70s enrollment somewhat decreased since most of the elementary graduates in the eastern barangays enrolled in that school. Furthermore, the establishment of Naglaoa-an National High School which served the elementary graduates of the western barangays of the town, and the Puro National High School of Magsingal tremendously decreased the enrollment in BSA, prompting the Archdiocese of Nueva Segovia to subsidize the deficit to meet the minimum funds the academy needs.
It is worthwhile mentioning the first self-sacrificing mentors of the school - the lates Mr. Juan Raquel, Mr. Faustino Tamargo, Mr. Jesus Tobias and Miss Petra Bumatay. On the onset of the 1950s came Mrs. Caridad Villafuerte, Miss Carolina Tagorda, Mrs. Concepcion T. Briones, Mrs. Guadalupe J. Dumag, and Miss Consolacion Pacis (sister of Fr. Mariano F. Pacis). A lot of belt-tightening and patience were incurred by these early teachers, for salaries were drawn more from parish funds rather than from tuition fees of the students. The students' fees weren't enough to subsidize the teachers' compensations and other school needs. Often, tuition fees were paid in kind like eggs, rice, chicken, goat etc. which were then accepted by the director. As a matter of fact, teachers were paid only three times a year at those times, first upon enrollment, second on All Souls' Day, and third at the closing of the school year with a salary ranging from P100 to P150 a month. The teachers, who were more on service rather than monetary rewards, didn't complain for they have full knowledge and understanding on the financial situation of the school. 
With the coming of new administration in 1996, Archbishop Orlando Quevedo informed the BSA Community about his plan to close the school for fear that the Archdiocese may not be able to subsidize the deficit. He gave the new administration only a year to work for its survival. With the able leadership of then principal of the Academy, Mrs. Guadalupe J. Dumag, a written appeal together with the project proposals were given to the Archbishop to help the administration secure funds from Germany and Switzerland. The Archbishop finally brought home the bacon for BSA. 
The administration did not stop there. It moved out from its nutshell to approach Realtor Victorio V. Soliven, the son of Hon. Benito T. Soliven. Understanding the sad plight of the school and to save the living memory of his late father, he gave outright an amount as "seed money" for the school to invest and whatever profit it gaved was used for school needs and improvements.
To work out for the increase of enrollment, BSA Community continuously intensified its campaign to all schools in the barangays with Grade VI Graduates offering full scholarships to Valedictorians and half tuition fees for Salutatorians, and offering computer education for 1st to 4th year students, giving emphasis on academic excellence, discipline, moral and spiritual values. 
BSA can now boast of its complete school plant – laboratory room with updated laboratory apparatus, equipment and facilities, canteen, a conducive functional library, a covered court and a new computer room. The funds for the refurbishment of the school, came mainly from alumni and parents both local and abroad, by giving something back to the institution which is now a source of pride of the town. 
Benito Soliven Academy has come a long way. It is now the proud alma mater of the countless professionals, town officials, and respected leaders and members of the community of Santo Domingo, Ilocos Sur and its surrounding towns.

</doc>
<doc id="31086668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086668" title="ICTP Prize">
ICTP Prize

The International Centre for Theoretical Physics Prize, ICTP Prize, worth 3000 Euros is awarded to a young (under 40) physicist or mathematician from a developing country to promote theoretical mathematics and physics research in the developing world. Awardees include notable scientists from India, China and Brazil.
Recent winners.
Source: ICTP Prize Official website

</doc>
<doc id="31086671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086671" title="Get It Right (Glee cast song)">
Get It Right (Glee cast song)

"Get It Right" is a song performed by the cast of American television series "Glee", taken from their sixth soundtrack album, "". It is sung by Lea Michele who portrays the series' lead character, Rachel Berry. The song was written by the series' music producer Adam Anders, who created the song with his wife Nikki Hassman, and writing partner Peer Åström. Anders and company wrote the song specifically for Michele, and based the lyrics on the storyline of Rachel. The song was released with a number of "Glee" songs on the iTunes Store on March 15, 2011. Musically, "Get It Right" is a piano-driven pop ballad, with mild country influences. According to MTV's Aly Semigran, the song has similarities to Britney Spears' Everytime" (2004). 
While critics praised Michele's vocals in the song, they were not as receptive to the song itself with it being coined as "dull" and "boring." The lyrics of the song revolve around self-doubt over a lost relationship. The song debuted at number sixteen on the US "Billboard" Hot 100, and appeared in the top forty in three other countries. The song's performance was featured in the "Glee" episode "Original Song" which first aired on March 15, 2011 in which Berry (Michele) used a bedazzled microphone, backed by Brittany Pierce (Heather Morris) and Tina Cohen-Chang (Jenna Ushkowitz).
Background.
On February 23, 2011, it was announced that "Glee", for the first time, would feature two original songs, entitled "Get It Right" and "Loser Like Me" on their March 15, 2011 episode. The song was written by series music producer Adam Anders with his wife Nikki Hassman, and writing partner Peer Åström. According to Anders the song was specifically crafted for Michele and was based on the storyline of Michele's character in the series, Rachel Berry. Anders told "Entertainment Weekly", "Lea’s storyline kind of inspired that song for me,” says Anders. "Basically, you try to do everything right and you have good motivations with everything you’re doing but everything ends up going wrong. How many times will it take for me to get it right?" 
In an interview with "TV Guide" Anders expressed the same sentiments, responding, "I've watched Rachel struggle. She's always trying to do the right thing, or thinks she's trying to do the right thing, and it always gets messed up." Anders also said that this song is "her asking when things are going to work out," and commented that it was "emotional" and thought that it would bring people to tears. "Get It Right" and "Loser Like Me" both premiered on "On Air with Ryan Seacrest" on February 25, 2011, and were performed in the episode "Original Song", on March 15, 2011. The song was also released on the iTunes Store in the United States on March 15, 2011. In the episode performance, Rachel Berry (Michele) appears performing the song with a bedazzled microphone, wearing a blue dress, black belt, and boots, accompanied by Brittany Pierce (Heather Morris) and Tina Cohen-Chang (Jenna Ushkowitz) in the background.
Composition.
"Get It Right" is a "somber" pop ballad performed by Lea Michele. Becky Bain of Idolator said song sounded like it could "actually live" on country airplay. According to the sheet music published at Musicnotes.com by TCF Music Publishing, "Get It Right" is set in common time with a tempo of 84 beats per minute. It is composed in the key of B minor with Michele's vocal range spanning from the low-note of A3 to the high-note of E5. The song features the chord progression of Bm–G–D–A6. Brian Voerding of AOL Radio Blog said the song was "a lonesome piano ballad backed by rich orchestration, best filed under 'classic diva tune.'" Voerding also said that Michele's "clean voice bites under and glides above timeless lyrics of self-doubt over love recently lost." Lyrically the song is based upon the storyline of Michele's character, Rachel Berry, which involves her watching her ex, Finn Hudson (Cory Monteith), leave her and get back with his ex-girlfriend Quinn Fabray (Dianna Agron). According to Aly Semigran of MTV News the song's opening moments are similar to "Everytime" by Britney Spears, and features "fluttering piano and breathy vocals" that come "into its own as it builds."
Critical reception.
Reviewing the track for AOL Radio Blog, Voerding wrote "Michele's voice is among the cast's most versatile, striding confidently through growls and whispers, proclamations and wavering cries. This single, with the drive of its melody and narrative, is no exception." Kirsten Coachman of the "Seattle Post-Intelligencer" called Michele's voice on the song "phenomenal," and commented "I love how her vocals are reined in, and then build up to that wonderful glory note. I seriously got chills while listening to it." She also commented how the song's narrative fit Michele's storyline on the show. Christopher Rosen of Movieline wrote "If you love Lea Michele’s voice, you’ll like "Get It Right." Becky Bain of Idolator said "This one, compared to the instantly catchy “Loser Like Me”, is a bit more underwhelming, though Lea kills it." Jarret Wieselman of "The New York Post" said "Lea Michele's voice was on point throughout this soaring ballad, but without that secret ingredient, lyrics like "my best intentions keep making a mess of things" are best left to Rachel's diary." Although she called it "boring" and said it was like every other reflection-ballad performed by Michele, Erica Futterman of "Rolling Stone" said that the song would fit in on Top 40 radio. Melinda Newman of HitFix said the song was "lovely, but a bit dull."
Chart performance.
On the week ending March 26, 2011, "Get It Right" debuted at number sixteen on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 selling 151,000 downloads in its first week. The song's debut was a part of a string of five other debuts from the television series which sold 712,000 downloads that week. Outside the United States, the song appeared on several other charts worldwide, debuting at number twenty-three on the Canadian Hot 100, as well as appearing at number thirty-four on the Australian Singles Chart, and number thirty-eight on the Irish Singles Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31086679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086679" title="Ryan Duffield">
Ryan Duffield

Ryan Duffield (born 20 June 1988) is an Australian cricketer, currently contracted to Western Australia and the Perth Scorchers in Australian domestic cricket.
Career.
Duffield was born in Darkan, Western Australia. He played for Gosnells and Melville in the Western Australian Grade Cricket competition, and also played for Western Australia Under-23s in the 2009-10 Futures League. He took nine wickets in three Futures League matches, with a best of 4/50 against South Australia U23s, and a best of 28*, also against South Australia. In Futures League Twenty20s he took seven wickets in three games at an average of 9.29, a competition record, with a best of 3/22 against Australian Centre of Excellence. He did not bat. Duffield made his debut for the Warriors in the Sheffield Shield against Victoria in October 2010, taking 3/92 and 0/15 on debut, and making 31 runs in the second innings of the match. He made his debut in the Ryobi One-Day Cup a week later against New South Wales, taking 1/57. Against New South Wales in the Shield game from 28 November to 1 December, Duffield took 3/64 in the first innings and 6/77 in the second innings to record his best innings and match figures.

</doc>
<doc id="31086707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086707" title="Fetherstonhaugh">
Fetherstonhaugh

Fetherstonhaugh is an English surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31086754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086754" title="Kurzwellen">
Kurzwellen

Kurzwellen (Short Waves), for six players with shortwave receivers and live electronics, is a composition by Karlheinz Stockhausen, written in 1968. It is Number 25 in the catalog of the composer’s works.
Conception.
"Kurzwellen" is one of a series of works dating from the 1960s which Stockhausen designated as "process" compositions. These works in effect separate the "form" from the "content" by presenting the performers with a series of transformation signs which are to be applied to material that may vary considerably from one performance to the next. In "Kurzwellen" and three subsequent works ("Spiral" for a soloist, "Pole" for two, and "Expo" for three), this material is to be drawn spontaneously during the performance from short-wave radio broadcasts (Kohl 1981, 192–93). While this separate treatment of the genetic rules for development had existed in Stockhausen's earlier compositions, the emphasis on the process of transformation and less specificity of what is to be transformed is taken further than ever before in "Kurzwellen" (Stockhausen 1989, 114). The overall formal process is therefore fixed, whereas the sound materials are extremely variable (Frisius 2008, 224). The processes, indicated primarily by plus, minus, and equal signs, constitute the composition and, despite the unpredictability of the materials, these processes can be heard from one performance to another as being "the same" (Kohl 2010, 137). While the use of radios in concert works dates back at least to 1942 with John Cage's "Credo in Us", and Stockhausen may well have gotten the idea of using radios from Cage, their approaches could not have been more different. For Cage, the type of radio is a matter of indifference, since their purpose is merely to fill in prescribed time units with any sort of sound at all. Stockhausen, on the other hand, prescribed short-wave receivers because of their capability of bringing in broadcasts from far away, and for the rich variety of available sounds. These sounds are also not used indiscriminately: the performers are to search for and select only materials suitable for improvisational transformations (Kohl 2010, 135–37).
History.
"Kurzwellen" was initially sketched during a tour of Czechoslovakia made by Stockhausen’s ensemble in late March and early April 1968, and was completed soon afterward (Kohl 1981, 199–200). The premiere took place on 5 May 1968 in the television studios of Radio Bremen, as part of the Pro Musica Nova festival, and is dedicated to Hugo Wolfram Schmidt, the initiator of the Cologne Courses for New Music. The performers at the premiere were Aloys Kontarsky, piano, Alfred Alings and Rolf Gehlhaar, tamtam, Johannes Fritsch, viola, Harald Bojé, electronium, and Karlheinz Stockhausen, filters and potentiometers (Stockhausen 1971a, 114, 116).
Performance practice.
The composer explained that in pieces like this, "the first step is always that of imitating something and the next step is that of transforming what you're able to imitate" (Cott 1973, 33). Each performer plays a series of events separated by pauses. An event may be played either with the radio or with an instrument, and it is also possible for a player to accompany an event on an instrument with the radio or vice-versa, or to blend both together. Each event has a distinct duration defined by its subdivision into segments with a characteristic rhythm (Rigoni 1998, 235).
Each plus, minus, or equal sign indicates that, upon repetition of an event, the performer is to increase, decrease, or maintain the same level in one of four musical dimensions (or "parameters"): overall duration of the event, number of internal subdivisions, dynamic level, or pitch register/range. It is up to the performer to decide which of these dimensions is to be affected, except that vertically stacked signs must be applied to different parameters. Despite this, a large number of plus signs (for example) will result in successive events becoming longer, more finely subdivided, louder, and either higher or wider in range; a large number of minus signs will produce the reverse effect (Kohl 2010, 137).
Opus 1970.
For the Beethoven bicentennial in 1970, Stockhausen created a version of "Kurzwellen" that supposed a special case in which all radio stations just happened to be broadcasting material by Beethoven. This version is known variously as "Kurzwellen mit Beethoven", "Kurzwellen mit Beethoven-Musik", "Stockhoven-Beethausen", and "Opus 1970" (Hopp 1998, 263). In order to produce this situation, Stockhausen replaced the radios with four different tape collages of excerpts from Beethoven compositions interspersed with readings (by Stockhausen) from the Heiligenstadt Testament, subjected to a variety of electronic transformations to simulate the effect of short-wave transmissions. These tapes could be "tuned in and out" by the performers, just like radio transmissions (Maconie 2005, 304–305).
Structure.
Everything in "Kurzwellen" is governed by permutations of four-member sets. For example, the whole of the piece is divided into four large sections with increasing numbers of events, proportioned as 4:5:7:10.2 (Kohl 1981, 204). Within each of these progressively larger segments, the numbers of planned ensembles (synchronous or alternating duos, trios, and quartets) also increases: 5:6:7:14 (Hopp 1998, 87).

</doc>
<doc id="31086755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086755" title="Secretariat Building">
Secretariat Building

Secretariat Building may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31086780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086780" title="2003 CAA Men's Basketball Tournament">
2003 CAA Men's Basketball Tournament

The 2003 CAA Men's Basketball Tournament was held from March 7–10, 2003 at the Richmond Coliseum in Richmond, Virginia. The winner of the tournament was UNC-Wilmington, who received an automatic bid to the 2003 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament. 

</doc>
<doc id="31086796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086796" title="Nos Vamos Juntos – Un Tributo a las Canciones de Caifanes y Jaguares, Vol. 1">
Nos Vamos Juntos – Un Tributo a las Canciones de Caifanes y Jaguares, Vol. 1

Nos Vamos Juntos - Un Tributo a las Canciones de Caifanes y Jaguares is a tribute album to the Mexican rock groups Caifanes and Jaguares. The material is performed mostly by fellow Rock en Español musicians as well as experimental Electronic groups.

</doc>
<doc id="31086801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086801" title="How to Eat a Small Country">
How to Eat a Small Country

How to Eat a Small Country: A Family’s Pursuit of Happiness, One Meal at a Time is a memoir by Amy Finley, the Season 3 winner of The Next Food Network Star and former host of The Gourmet Next Door on Food Network. The memoir, released by Clarkson Potter/Random House in April 2011, chronicles her abrupt departure from television in 2008 to save her marriage, moving her family to a rural farm in Burgundy, France and roadtripping around the country in search of some of the disappearing regional dishes written about by Waverly Root in his 1958 book, "The Food of France." 
Story.
A professionally trained cook turned anxious stay-at-home mom, Amy Finley’s marriage was already in fragile shape when she sent in an audition tape for the third season of The Next Food Network Star. When she was cast on the show in 2007, her husband, who feared for their privacy and hated the idea of reality shows and what celebrity could do to their marriage, forbade her to participate, but Finley did anyway, hoping to jumpstart her career and self-esteem. But while she was filming the show in New York, her husband retaliated by threatening to divorce her. Finley was the last contestant eliminated from Season 3 before the two person finale and returned home defeated to put her marriage back in order, but was recalled into the competition when one of the finalists had to withdraw, and ultimately was voted the winner and starred in her own cooking show, "The Gourmet Next Door". But she gave up the show when she realized her family was so shaky, the stress would probably cause her marriage to fail. To get away from a life that had gotten too complicated, they moved to France and took a road trip Finley had dreamed about since she was living in Paris, falling in love with her husband, and going to culinary school. They drive all over France, and while they are learning about and enjoying regional dishes, Finley tries to figure out how her marriage became so delicate, and how to make it, and herself, strong again.
Critical reception.
Some early readers reacted strongly to the book’s opening chapter, in which Finley and her husband butcher a rabbit so that Finley can cook ‘’lapin a la moutarde’’, a traditional dish from Burgundy, where they are living. Throughout the book, Finley frankly discusses other old and disappearing French specialties, like ‘’tete de veau’’, the boiled face of a baby cow, and some readers found her descriptions off-putting. However other readers praised Finley for being so honest about traveling with children and how hard it is to put a marriage back together.
Anthony Bourdain, himself notorious for graphic food descriptions, offered a blurb for the cover of the book and called it “an unexpected and delightful memoir.” Cookbook author Dorie Greenspan and former Chez Panisse chef David Lebovitz also praised the book on its cover. Kirkus Reviews gave the book five stars and called it a “charming, bare-bones chronicle of a woman reclaiming her family and a couple reclaiming their relationship.” Booklist also admired the book and called it a “bold bouillabaisse of a food memoir.” The Boston Globe compared the book favorably to Eat, Pray, Love, calling How to Eat a Small Country, "less precious, more honest, and ultimately more rewarding" than Gilbert's book, and opined about the controversial rabbit chapter that, "cooking, real cooking, it turns out, is a test that reveals a lot more than eating does." 

</doc>
<doc id="31086824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086824" title="Ben Wyatt (Parks and Recreation)">
Ben Wyatt (Parks and Recreation)

Benjamin "Ben" Wyatt is a character in the TV series "Parks and Recreation". The character guest starred in two episodes of season two and was upgraded to a series regular in season three. Ben is a state auditor who comes into Pawnee with Chris Traeger to evaluate the town's funds at the end of the second season. Compared to the exuberant Chris, Ben is very serious and straightforward, willing to tell the truth no matter how harsh; the two used to do budget meetings individually, but it didn't work out because Chris would never get anything done and Ben received multiple death threats. He is portrayed by Adam Scott. Ben began dating Leslie Knope in the season three episode "Road Trip" and married her in the season five episode "Leslie and Ben."
Character biography.
Ben is from Partridge, Minnesota. When he was eighteen, he ran for mayor and won on the strength of, in his words, "anti-establishment voter rebellion." However, being so inexperienced, he quickly ran the town's finances into the ground and was impeached after two months. His signature failure was spearheading the development of a winter sports complex called Ice Town which bankrupted the town, leading to the newspaper headline "Ice Town Costs Ice Clown His Town Crown." Ben attended Carleton College, where he was the host and DJ for a swing music college radio show called "Zoot Suit Wyatt". 
Ben is very serious, mature and work-oriented, and usually doesn't seem fazed by much of the immature, eccentric behavior from some of the other members of the Pawnee Parks and Recreation Department, primarily Tom Haverford, Leslie Knope and Andy Dwyer. Ben is often teased by Tom (and, early on, Leslie as well) for his affinity for, references to and vast knowledge in "Star Wars", "Lord of the Rings", "Star Trek", "Game of Thrones" and other things considered to be "nerdy". Ben is also shown to have a hard time socializing, as his main focus is his work. During season six when he was jobless for a day, he created a game called "The Cones of Dunshire". The game became very popular which he realized while visiting San Francisco. He was angry that he didn't copyright it but later in the show, one of his coworkers shows up at Tom's Bistro and gives him the copyright papers. 
Season two.
When Ben comes to Pawnee, he immediately clashes with Leslie, as she yells at him three consecutive times for his seemingly callous attitude towards firing people and slashing her department's budget. However, when he asks her out for a beer, they begin to show respect for one another. He shares his past as the mayor of Partridge, and that he became a state auditor to prove he can be responsible and eventually run for office again. Their new friendship turns sour when Ben and Chris reveal that the town is virtually out of funds and the government will have to be shut down until further notice.
Despite the seriousness of the problems, Chris presents the situation in an extremely positive light and tries to make all the city hall employees around him happy, leaving the hard decisions and delivery of bad news up to Ben. Chris and Ben form a budget, consisting of several government employees including Ron. When Ron accidentally reveals that Leslie was trying to set up an annual children's concert that was supposed to be canceled on Lot 48 behind Ann's house, Ben tries to shut it down. However, after seeing the effort Leslie put into it, which included having the equipment donated from local vendors, he pays the entertainer Freddy Spaghetti to come back after he booked another event, getting back on Leslie's good side. Ben is also surprised, but quietly pleased when Ron authorizes Leslie to take his place on the budget .
Season three.
When the government shutdown ends, Ben informs the department that due to the shoestring budget, they will only be on maintenance for the time being. Ben suspects that Leslie is trying to have Ann convince Chris to distribute more funds to the department and confirms his suspicions when he crashes their date at the same time Leslie crashes it, but Ben decides to let it play out. While at a gay club, Ben mentions the failure of the Ice Town project, showing that he used to be just as ambitious as Leslie, but Leslie gives him credit for trying. Ben listens to Leslie's presentation regarding the Pawnee Harvest Festival idea that will allow them to do their jobs properly and bring funds into the department. When Ben asks what will happen if it doesn't bring in funds, Leslie says they can shut down the department, and Ben allows them to go forth with the festival.
Ben assists Leslie with the festival preparations, and is thoroughly impressed when she gives a flawless presentation despite being stricken with the flu. When Leslie and Ben try to ask the police force to handle security for the festival, Ben is shown not to have very strong social skills, although in this case it could be attributed to the fact that he doesn't understand Pawnee as well as Leslie. He and Leslie continue to build a strong friendship over their development of the Harvest Festival, and it is implied he starts to show romantic interest in her when he inquires of the police chief about her relationship with Dave. He also becomes better friends with Tom, supporting him when he is rejected by a cologne magnate, although Tom does his fair share of ribbing Ben.
While doing the media blitz for the festival, he is continuously asked about his disastrous tenure as mayor of Partridge. After freezing up at the majority of questions asked, he then goes on a furious tirade at a later interview, prompting businesses to pull their sponsorships at the festival and putting the parks department in jeopardy. At the last interview at "Pawnee Today", Ben finally stands his ground, stating that everyone does stupid things when they were teenagers and that he has since saved at least five cities from bankruptcy as an auditor. During the festival itself, a series of catastrophes leads Ben to feel he is cursed and leave the festival, returning later to admit he is not over his past. Leslie assures him that he is as responsible for the festival's success as she is, and has the local Indian chief Ken Hotate perform a fake ceremony to remove his "curse."
Following the conclusion of the festival, Chris is installed as interim city manager of Pawnee, and offers Ben a job as assistant city manager, which he eventually accepts. It is implied that he made the decision to be closer to Leslie and that he and Leslie are attracted to each other, but a new policy of Chris's forbids city employees to date each other and has halted any potential relationship. But, after being assigned to a road trip that would cause them to be alone, Ben tells Leslie that he likes her. At the end of the episode, Leslie approaches Ben to hand him receipts and he kisses her.
Since he is staying in Pawnee permanently, Ben decides to move out of the motel where he has been living. Andy and April offer him a spare room in their house, since their previous roommate moved out and left the house to them. Although the two have been living by themselves for only a week, the house is a complete mess with no everyday items like plates or utensils available. Ben decides to teach a reluctant Andy and April how to properly live like adults.
In "The Bubble", Leslie and Ben are officially dating, but they are keeping their relationship a secret due to a no-dating policy at work. They are enjoying what Leslie calls "the bubble", or the beginning of a relationship when everything is simple and fun. It is suddenly threatened, however, when Ben has a meeting with Leslie's mother Marlene, who wants Ben to approve the purchase of four new school buses despite a difficult budget season. Afraid of ruining the bubble, Leslie initially tells Ben she is not related to Marlene. Right before Ben's meeting, however, Leslie admits Marlene is her mother, making him nervous and causing him to capitulate to all of her demands during the meeting, which makes Marlene consider Ben weak. Leslie trains Ben for his next meeting with her mother. He impresses Marlene so much with his tough negotiation skills that she becomes flirtatious with him. An uncomfortable Ben tells Leslie they should tell her about their relationship, but Leslie does not want to lose the bubble. Fed up, Ben storms into Marlene's office and tells her that he is dating her daughter and asks her to keep it secret. Marlene laughs off the situation and tells Leslie that she approves of Ben.
In the season finale "Li'l Sebastian", Leslie and Ben continue their romance, but they have difficulty keeping it a secret. Ron finds out and warns them that Chris will fire them if he learns about it. As the city prepares for the memorial service for Li'l Sebastian, Pawnee's beloved celebrity miniature horse, Leslie and Ben are caught making out by a maintenance worker, so they send him home in exchange for his silence. Unfortunately, the worker had the propane for Li'l Sebastian's memorial flame, which results in later confusion behind the scenes, that Leslie and Ben struggle to fix throughout the night. Later, although the memorial turned out to be a success, things get even more complicated when Leslie is approached by scouts looking for potential candidates for elected office. They believe she would be a good candidate for upcoming city council seats, or possibly the mayoral position. With the expected increased media attention on her personal life, the scouts ask whether Leslie has any secret scandals in her life. She denies any such scandals exist, thus omitting her secret relationship with Ben, and the scouts promise to contact her about preparing an electoral run.
Season four.
Though their relationship had become rather serious, Ben and Leslie are forced to break up to avoid a scandal which could derail Leslie's city council candidacy. Ben understands, giving Leslie a "Knope 2012" button he had made. He then starts helping Tom run his business Entertainment 720, where he's shocked at how much money Tom spends without getting any revenue. He also helps Tom charm Joan Callamezzo to try to get her book club to include Leslie's new book, but Joan gets drunk and hits on them. He and Leslie end up sharing lovelorn looks with each other. Ben is dragged along to Tom and Donna's "Treat Yo Self", where he treats himself to a Batman costume and a good cry over his breakup with Leslie.
While Leslie attempts to keep him in her life, Ben insists that he needs distance from her since being around Leslie is too difficult for him. Leslie continually tries to spend time with Ben until, through the help of Ben and Ann, she sees that she has been ignoring what Ben wants and doing only what she wants. Ben and Leslie meet at the Smallest Park, which is supposed to be their last project together. Leslie apologizes and tells Ben she'll leave him alone if that's what he wants. Ben responds that he doesn't want that but he thinks it's for the best. As Ben starts to leave, Leslie declares that she misses him like crazy and wants to be with him. After she asks how he feels, Ben kisses Leslie and the relationship is reinstated.
Later, they confess to Chris about their relationship, and he launches an investigation to check for any possible acts of corruption, as Ben is Leslie's superior. It turns out that in the season three's finale, Ben and Leslie had bribed a maintenance worker to keep quiet about them after the worker witnessed them kissing. As that was a possible reason for termination, Leslie was ready to take full responsibility only to find that Ben resigned from his job in order to save hers.
Following his termination, Ben takes some time to "explore his interests" which consists of him remaining in his house and attempting various hobbies like making calzones and stop motion films. His appearance becomes unkempt and after a visit from Chris, he realizes that despite convincing himself otherwise he's unhappy without some sort of direction in his life. After Leslie's campaign flops at the ice rink, Ann resigns (eagerly) from being Leslie's campaign manager and Leslie asks Ben to run her campaign given his experience with local politics. Ben takes over the duties of running Leslie's campaign for city council and helps turn the campaign around, making it competitive with Bobby Newport's bid for city office. Ben manages to secure the endorsement of Pawnee's retiring police chief and improve Leslie likability at a bowling event (despite the spectacle of having punched a man who called Leslie 'a bitch'). In Dave Returns, it is revealed that not only is Ben socially awkward around police officers, but he is afraid of them, saying "I am not afraid of cops. I have no reason to be. I never break any laws ever because I'm deathly afraid of cops."
Towards the end of the campaign, Ben is offered a job working for a congressional campaign in Washington, D.C.. Initially conflicted, as it would mean several months away from Pawnee, Ben is ultimately convinced by Leslie to take the job.
Season five.
Jonathan Banks and Glenne Headly guest starred as Ben's parents in the fifth season. He successfully runs a congressional campaign during the first five episodes of the season. When Ben returns to Pawnee, he proposes to Leslie, and they move into a house together. Later, Ben turns down multiple job offers in Pawnee to join Tom Haverford's company, Rent-a-Swag; concurrently, he ends up working for Sweetums, at a division dedicated to improving their public image by funding charities. He also takes on Andy as an assistant.
Season six.
This season Ben quits his Sweetum's job to take an accounting job. Then Chris offers his City Manager job because he is leaving town and accepts it. At the end of the episode entitled Flu season 2 Ben has a fight with his father who sold their family lake house where Ben had many wonderful childhood memories. He realizes he wants to start a family with Leslie, when he returns home to tell Leslie, he discovers that she is pregnant with their first child. When visiting Dr. Saperstein, they realize she's having triplets.
Development.
Adam Scott departed from his leading role on the Starz comedy television series "Party Down" to accept the role of Ben Wyatt on "Parks and Recreation". "Parks and Recreation" was one of Scott's favorite shows even before he took the role. When he took the Ben Wyatt role, it was unclear whether "Party Down" would be renewed for a third season, and Scott said, "I couldn't pass up the opportunity on "Parks and Rec" for a show that could possibly not exist anymore." Although "Party Down" co-creator Rob Thomas said he believed the show could continue without Scott, and that the actor would continue to make guest appearances on the show, "Party Down" was cancelled just three months after Scott departed. Series co-creator Michael Schur said when the Ben Wyatt character was conceived, Scott was considered the "dream scenario" casting choice. As part of Scott's contract with the series, he also signed a first look deal to develop television projects for NBC.
Scott first appeared in "Parks and Recreation" starting in the penultimate second season episode, "The Master Plan", the same episode Rob Lowe joined the regular cast as Chris Traeger. The idea of a character trying to rebuild a government career following a humiliating public failure was one of the original ideas for the protagonist of "Parks and Recreation". The idea was ultimately abandoned in favor of Leslie Knope's character, but those early ideas were ultimately incorporated into Ben Wyatt. Ben's role as a state auditor, and Pawnee's subsequent budget problems, were conceived from global economic crisis and news reports about government services getting shut down around the country. Ben described his character as "someone who jumped in on a moving train" in trying to integrate with the other characters. Scott was expected to become a love interest for Leslie Knope from his earliest conception. In addition to the growing relationship between Leslie and Ben, one of the biggest story arcs for season three was Ben's growing love of the city of Pawnee, which coincided with his romantic feelings for Leslie. Schur described Ben's character as one who never had a firm sense of home due to the excessive amount of traveling with his job, but who gradually grew to appreciate Pawnee due to the optimism and enthusiasm Leslie has for her job.
Reception.
Alan Sepinwall of HitFix called Scott one of the "rare but special" actors who can be both "the sane and deadpan center of the madness, but can also go convincingly, amusingly mad". "New York Daily News" writer David Hinckley praised Scott's addition to the "Parks and Recreation" cast, claiming he "gets more of a character here than he does on Starz's entertaining "Party Down" and makes the best of it". Scott received particular praise for his performance in "Media Blitz", in which his awkward and panicked responses to media inquiries about his past led to what reviewers considered more outwardly comedic opportunities for the character, compared to his usual straight man role. Several reviewers mentioned said that Ben Wyatt closely resembled Scott's character on "Party Down", Henry Pollard. Ben's character is a politician who found great success at a young age then suffered a downfall. Henry's character is an actor who became a caterer after his acting career declined. Scott himself has said that he feels they are "vastly different characters and circumstances".

</doc>
<doc id="31086826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086826" title="George S. Gaadt">
George S. Gaadt

George Gaadt is an American artist, illustrator, and portraiture painter who was born in Erie, Pennsylvania. 
Studying at The Columbus College of Art and Design, he began his celebrated career working for Hallmark Cards. Although, the bulk of his career has involved producing work for sports and military organisations. He worked for the National Football League for twenty-five years as an Illustrator and Photographer. Meanwhile completing projects for the Major League Baseball, Basketball and Football Halls of Fame, as well as producing paintings for the Pittsburgh Steelers 50th and 75th Anniversaries. 
His military artwork highlights have included painting several pieces for the US Army in Europe and Korea, and having his painting "Last Stand at Fort Ligonier" featured in "200 Years of American Illustration," an exhibition at The New York Historical Society Museum. 
Gaadt is a member of the New York Society of Illustrators, and his work has featured in many of their exhibitions and annuals. He has taught and lectured on art, art history, illustration and design, and held positions at the Carnegie-Mellon University and the Sweetwater Center for the Arts in Sewickley, Pennsylvania. 
His work has been exhibited globally, spanning England, Germany, Switzerland, Italy and China.
Of his more than ninety awards, he has been honoured by his former college as an Outstanding Alumni, the Juror-NY Society of illustrators, and the NASA Art Team. The Columbus College of Art and Design recently awarded him an honorary Masters of Visual Arts degree.
References.
About The Artist gaadtstudio.com (Retrieved 5 March 2011.)
Pittsburgh Oil Painters West Penn Art (Retrieved 5 March 2011.)
See also.
Book jackets by George Gaadt jacketflap.com
Book Covers by George S Gaadt jacketflap.com
Ten Valuable Green Bay Packers Collectibles William J. Felchner
Charlie Stewart Non-Fiction Sticker Books Charlie Stewart (features a cover by George Gaadt.)

</doc>
<doc id="31086840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086840" title="So Gently We Go">
So Gently We Go

"So Gently We Go" is a song by Canadian rock band I Mother Earth, released as a single from their debut studio album, "Dig". The song reached #1 on Canada's CANCON chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31086848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086848" title="Takamichi Kobayashi">
Takamichi Kobayashi

Takamichi Kobayashi (born January 3, 1979) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31086864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086864" title="1986 New Zealand rugby league season">
1986 New Zealand rugby league season

The 1986 New Zealand rugby league season was the 79th season of rugby league that had been played in New Zealand. The main feature of the year was the Interdistricts Series competition that was run by the New Zealand Rugby League. Auckland won the series, defeating the other three inter-district teams.
International competitions.
The New Zealand Kiwis lost a three test series to Australia. Coached by Graham Lowe, the squad was: Darrell Williams, Joe Ropati, Dean Bell, James Leuluai, Dane O'Hara, Olsen Filipaina, Shane Cooper, Owen Wright, Wayne Wallace, Kurt Sorensen, Mark Graham, Hugh McGahan, Gary Prohm, Mark Elia, Ron O'Regan, Gary Kemble, Gary Freeman, Barry Harvey and Brent Todd. Peter Brown, Tea Ropati, Marty Crequer, Dean Lonergan, Adrian Shelford, Sam Stewart, James Goulding, Glenn Donaldson and Gary Mercer also played for the Kiwis in New Zealand and Papua New Guinea. New Zealand lost to Australia 8-22, 12-29 and 12-32. In the tour games the Kiwis defeated Newcastle 22-17, Riverina 14-16, Wide Bay 32-7 and North Queensland 46-6. In Papua New Guinea they defeated Island Zone 26-6, lost to Southern Zone 20-26 and then won the first Test against Papua New Guinea 36-26. They then lost the second Test match 22-24, a match which counted towards the 1988 World Cup. Lowe resigned in August and Tony Gordon was appointed coach in September.
Howie Tamati captained the New Zealand Universities side in the first World University Cup. The New Zealand side defeated Australia 14-10 in the final to win the trophy. The side also included John, Peter, Iva and Tea Ropati.
The New Zealand Māori side competed in the Pacific Cup, winning the tournament by defeating Western Samoa 23 - 6 in the final. Coached by Richard Bolton, the squad included Gary Mercer, Dave Watson, Adrian Shelford, Mark Woods, Anthony Murray, captain Sam Stewart, Mark Horo, Tawera Nikau and Mike Kuiti. Hugh McGahan, Ron O'Regan, Owen Wright, Tracey McGregor, Andrew Vincent and Brendon Tuuta all pulled out of the side due to injury or professional club commitments. The Māori side played a warm up game before the competition began, defeating Waikato 52-32. It was the first time in over two decades that the Māori side was comprised completely of Māori players, as the side had previously also picked Polynesian players. Mercer, Ramsay, Shelford, Stewart and Greene were named in the team of the tournament.
Bob Bailey coached the Junior Kiwis. The side twice thrashed the Papua New Guinea juniors, 52-6 and 56-4. The team included Kevin Iro, Paul Okesene, Dean Clarke, Robert Piva, Tony Kemp, and Tawera Nikau.
Hugh McGahan won the New Zealand Rugby League's Player of the Year award. George Rainey was elected NZRL Chairman, replacing Ron McGregor.
National competitions.
Rugby League Cup.
Canterbury lost the Rugby League Cup to Auckland 16-14 on Queen's Birthday. 6,500 watched the match in bad weather at the Addington Showgrounds.Canterbury had earlier defeated Waikato 48-14 and Wellington 30-9.
Near the end of the season Auckland defended the cup against Canterbury, defeating them 22-8.
Interdistricts Series.
The Travelseekers Interdistricts Series included Auckland, Northern Districts, Central Districts and the South Island. Auckland defeated the South Island 38-8 at Carlaw Park.
National Provincial Competition.
Canterbury defeated Bay of Plenty 16-0 to win the National Provincial Competition. They then played Auckland in a challenge match. Auckland won 22-8.
National Club Competition.
The national club competition, called the Lion Red League Nationals for sponsorship reasons, was won by the Te Atatu Roosters who defeated the Mount Albert Lions 36-10 in the final. The final was held at Carlaw Park.
In a qualifying match, Cooks (Invercargill) defeated St Kilda (Otago) 42-28.
Club competitions.
Auckland.
The Mount Albert Lions and Te Atatu Roosters dominated the club scene. Mt Albert defeated Te Atatu 31-4 in the final to give the Lions their third straight Fox Memorial. The Manukau Magpies won the Roope Rooster and the Stormont Shield. Te Atatu won the Rukutai Shield.
The Mount Albert Lions were coached by Mike McClennan and included Riki Cowan, Shane Cooper, Brian McClennan, Paddy Tuimavave, Mark Bourneville and Dominic Clark while the Te Atatu Roosters were coached by Brian Tracey and included Shane and Mark Horo, Peter Brown, Mark Elia, Sam Panapa and Ron O'Regan. The Northcote Tigers were coached by John O'Sullivan and included Gary Freeman, Kurt Sorensen and Marty Crequer and the Manukau Magpies included Paul Okesene, Mike Patton, Kelly Shelford, Owen and Nick Wright and David Watson. The Otahuhu Leopards included Tea Ropati and David Pakieto and the Mangere East Hawks included George Mann.
Wellington.
The Upper Hutt Tigers defeated the Randwick Kingfishers 18-16 in the 18th minute of extra time to win the Wellington Rugby League grand final. Randwick included Sam Stewart, George Lajpold and Tony Kemp while Adrian Shelford, Mike Kuiti and Sonny Whakarau played for Upper Hutt. Robert Piva played for St. George.
Canterbury.
Hornby, for the third consecutive year, played Halswell in the grand final. Hornby won 20-5.
Esene Faimalo played for Addington. Mocky Brereton was the club President of Marist-Western Suburbs. Hornby included Brendon Tuuta, Ross Taylor and Wayne Wallace. Mark Broadhurst coached Papanui.
Hornby defeated Runanga 40-20 at the Addington Show Grounds to retain the Thacker Shield.
Aranui High School won the inaugural The Press cup.
Other Competitions.
Portland won the Northland Rugby League grand final, defeating Moerewa 28-20. The Te Paatu Warriors won the Far North division. Portland then defeated Te Paatu 50-6 to advance into the National Club Competition.
Huntly South defeated Taniwharau 20-11 to win the Waikato Rugby League grand final. Tapuwaeharuru won the Midlands final, defeating Pacific 18-8. Pikiao, who included Gary Mercer defeated the Ngongotaha Chiefs 18-12 in the Bay of Plenty Rugby League grand final. The Chiefs included Mark Woods and Russell Stewart. Kaiti won the Gisborne-East Coast final over Paikea.
Omahu won the Hawke's Bay Rugby League grand final, defeating Flaxmere 24-14. The Waitara Bears defeated Marist 46-0 to win the Taranaki Rugby League title. Foxton won the Manawatu Rugby League grand final, defeating Wanganui United 32-13.
Runanga won their eight consecutive West Coast Rugby League title, defeating Marist 50-22 in the grand final at Wingham Park. Runanga included Glen Gibb and Bernie Green. St Kilda won the Otago final 22-18 over Mosgiel.

</doc>
<doc id="31086866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086866" title="VIII Army Corps (Germany)">
VIII Army Corps (Germany)

German VIII. Corps (VIII. Armeekorps) was a corps in the German Army during World War II. It was destroyed during the Battle of Stalingrad and reformed in mid-1943.
Commanders.
After reformation

</doc>
<doc id="31086871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086871" title="Taichi Hasegawa">
Taichi Hasegawa

Taichi Hasegawa (born February 26, 1981) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31086890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086890" title="Nuestra Belleza Puebla">
Nuestra Belleza Puebla

Nuestra Belleza Puebla is a pageant in Puebla, Mexico, that selects that state's representative for the national Nuestra Belleza México pageant.
The State Organization has produced two Nuestra Belleza Mundo México titleholder in 2002 with Blanca Zumárraga and 2005 with Karla Jiménez.
Nuestra Belleza Puebla is located at number 11 with two crowns of Nuestra Belleza México.
Titleholders.
Below are the names of the annual titleholders of Nuestra Belleza Puebla, listed in ascending order, and their final placements in the Nuestra Belleza México after their participation.
Designated Contestants.
As of 2000, isn't uncommon for some States to have more than one delegate competing simultaneously in the national pageant. The following Nuestra Belleza Puebla contestants were invited to compete in Nuestra Belleza México.
External links.
<noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="31086911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086911" title="William Bryant (actor)">
William Bryant (actor)

William Bryant (January 31, 1924 - June 26, 2001), was an American actor. He is one of the more recognizable television character actors of the 1960s and 1970s.
Career.
Born in Detroit, Bryant was a character actor who appeared in films such as "King Dinosaur" (1955), "Escape from San Quentin" (1957), "Experiment in Terror" (1962), with Glenn Ford, "How to Murder Your Wife" and "The Great Race" with Jack Lemmon, "What Did You Do in the War, Daddy?" (1966), McQ" (1973), "Walking Tall Part II" (1975).
He also played several roles in the classic western movies "Heaven with a Gun" (1969), "Chisum" (1970), "Macho Callahan" (1970), "Wild Rovers" (1971), "The Deadly Trackers" (1973).
Television.
Most of his career was made on television, including "Hallmark Hall of Fame", "Frontier", "Casey Jones, "Tales of the Texas Rangers", "The Gray Ghost", "Maverick", "The Rebel", "Have Gun – Will Travel", "The Rifleman", "Laramie", "The Virginian", "Rawhide", "Branded", "Combat!", Mission Impossible", "Bonanza", "The Man from U.N.C.L.E.", "Mannix, "The Wild Wild West", "Alias Smith and Jones", "Banacek", "McCloud", "Columbo", "Gunsmoke", "Petrocelli", "Cannon, The Rockford Files, "Barnaby Jones" and many more. 
He also played the role of Colonel Crook, in the TV series "Hondo" and part of the cast in "Emergency!" (1972–1978) as Captain, "Branded" (1965) as Gen. Ulysses S. Grant, "Lancer" (1968), as Sheriff Gabe.
References.
Encyclopedia of Television Series, Pilots and Specials: 1974-1984, by Vincent Terrace

</doc>
<doc id="31086918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086918" title="Self esteem in communication">
Self esteem in communication

Self-esteem, in regard to communication, is the evaluative element of the perception of oneself. It is self-appraisal, your perception of self-worth, attractiveness, and social competence.
Influences on self-esteem.
There are three primary influences on self-esteem: reflected appraisal, social comparison, and contingencies of self-worth. Reflected appraisal refers to messages you receive from others that assess your self-concept. For example, we are not able to believe that we are smart if the ones who are important in our lives tell us that we are slow or dumb. Social comparison is evaluating ourselves by comparing our own abilities, attributes, and accomplishments to those of other people. When we surround ourselves with others whom we perceive to be superior to us, our self-esteem tends to diminish, while when we surround ourselves with others whom we perceive to be not as talented as us, our self-esteem tends to inflate. Lastly, contingencies of self-worth is how our self-esteem is influenced by what is perceived as most important to us feeling good about ourselves. For example, one person's self-esteem could be highly contingent on doing well in academics and having a lot of friends whereas another person's self-esteem could be highly contingent on their performance in athletics and adherence to moral standards.
Protecting our self-esteem.
Individuals protect their self-esteem by exercising a self-serving bias, which is the tendency to attribute successful behavior to oneself but to assign external circumstances to one's unsuccessful behavior. For example, a football wide-receiver will give himself all of the credit for a miraculous catch but will blame the quarterback for a dropped one. The tendency to emphasize one's accomplishments and downplay one's failures is common. People will be unlikely to learn new skills or gain knowledge unless they become mindful of this tendency.
Optimal self-esteem.
Optimal self-esteem comes from significance accomplishments without expecting a reward. It is the unconscious effort to please others without expecting anything in return and is unlikely to occur if you place yourself at the mercy of other people's appraisals. Optimal self-esteem develops, paradoxically, when you concentrate on accomplishing goals and dreams rather than building self-esteem.

</doc>
<doc id="31086959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086959" title="Álvaro Obregón Dam">
Álvaro Obregón Dam

The Álvaro Obregón Dam ("also known as the" Oviáchic Dam) is an embankment dam on the Yaqui River north of Ciudad Obregón, in Sonora, Mexico. The purpose of the dam is water supply for irrigation, flood control and hydroelectric power production. The dam supports a power station with two generators and a 19 MW installed capacity.
Background.
Because of drought, the Álvaro Obregón Dam and others on the Sonora and Mayo Rivers were constructed in the 1940s and 1950s. Construction on the Álvaro Obregón Dam began in 1947 and was complete in 1952. The dam's power station was not operational until August 1957. The dam is above the riverbed and long. The dam has an additional saddle dam to its northwest and along with a system of canals, it helps irrigate 83% of a area. Because of drought in the 1990s and 2000s, 2004 was the first year that water from the dam's reservoir was not authorized for irrigation.

</doc>
<doc id="31086976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086976" title="Toru Kaburagi">
Toru Kaburagi

Toru Kaburagi (born April 18, 1976) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31086977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31086977" title="Kwandong University">
Kwandong University

Kwandong University (관동대학교) is a South Korean university located in Gangneung, Gangwon-do. The university was established in 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="31087009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087009" title="Brown B-2 Racer">
Brown B-2 Racer

The Brown B-2 Racer was an American-built small monoplane racing aircraft built in 1934.
Development.
The B-2 Racer was built in 1934 by the Brown Aircraft Co. of Montebello, California, which had been founded by Lawrence W. Brown, previously of Clover Field, Santa Monica, California. 
The aircraft, dubbed "Miss Los Angeles" was designed for competitive flying. The low-winged monoplane was designed with a minimal cross-section to reduce drag. It had an open single-person cockpit and a fixed tail-skid undercarriage like its predecessor, the B-1.
Operational history.
“Miss Los Angeles” made her debut at the 1934 National Air Races fully decked out in a distinctive scarlet paint with lettering and accents in gold leaf. Entered in the inaugural three-race Greve Trophy competition and flown by Roy Minor, she took first place in speed with 213.257 mph. Shortly thereafter “Miss Los Angeles” turned up at the Thompson Trophy race as the only “new” competitor and flew smartly for a second place trophy.
The B-2 participated in the 1935 National Air Races flown by Marion McKeen, but could manage no better than fifth place for the Greve Trophy. McKeen piloted the plane again in the 1936 and 1937 races, finishing fifth each year.
"Miss Los Angeles" was absent from the 1938 racing season due to crash damage, but turned up at the National Air Races in 1939 with a cantilevered wing of a 21-foot span and retractable landing gear. These modifications were undone when it was determined they were ineffective. During the Greve Trophy races, pilot Lee Williams experienced an engine failure while turning into the scatter pylon, stalled and crashed fatally. 
A replica built by Ed Marquart for Bill Turner, renowned replicator of Golden Age racers, is currently part of the collection at Fantasy of Flight in Polk City, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="31087030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087030" title="List of Chairmen of the Supreme Soviet of the Kazakh Soviet Socialist Republic">
List of Chairmen of the Supreme Soviet of the Kazakh Soviet Socialist Republic

The Chairman of the Supreme Soviet of the Kazakh Soviet Socialist Republic (from December 10, 1991: Republic of Kazakhstan) was the presiding officer of that legislature.

</doc>
<doc id="31087080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087080" title="Minoru Kobayashi">
Minoru Kobayashi

Minoru Kobayashi (born May 14, 1976) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31087087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087087" title="Herbert Kasper">
Herbert Kasper

Herbert Kasper (born New York City December 12, 1926) is an American fashion designer who is known as Kasper. He studied English and advertising at New York University and fashion at the Parsons School of Design in New York from 1951–53 and l'Ecole de la Chambre Syndicale de la Couture Parisienne [http://www.facebook.com/pages/Ecole-de-la-Chambre-Syndicale-de-la-Couture-Parisienne/216686197031] in 1953. He left NYU to serve in the US Army in Europe. After WWII he enrolled at Parson and then returned to Paris for two years developing his skills in design. He had positions at Jacques Fath, Christian Dior and Marcel Rochas. When he returned to the US, he worked for Mr. Fred, a milliner, where his reputation grew. His talent was for making inexpensive clothes look "exquisite" and expensive, which endeared him to several other Seventh Avenue manufactures in the 1950s. He then worked as a dress designer for Penart, Lord & Taylor in New York. His works were known as Kasper of Penart. In the 1960s he started to make clothing under his own label. In 1963, he won the Coty Award for American designers.
Joan Leslie (1902–1966) had a women's dress and sportwear company that Mr. Kasper worked for, when she died, Mr. Kasper became the head designer for the company and eventually became Vice-President for the company, the Lesley Fay Co. Inc. He left the company in 1985. He designed clothes for Joanne Carson, the wife of talk show host Johnny Carson, who described his clothes as being both feminine and sexy.
Mr. Kasper married Betsey Pickering in 1955, divorced 1958. He married Jondar Conning in 1979.
In 2011 (January 21 - May 1) his collection of Drawings and Photographs were exhibited at the Morgan Library in the exhibit Mannerism and Modernism: The Kasper collection of Drawings and Photographs.
Quotes.
Over a lifetime of designing I've evolved a philosophy that comes from creating clothes for a particular kind of American woman. (Who, by the way, I very much admire.) This woman is adventurous and vital with a lifestyle that demands she play many different roles throughout the day. It's the confident spirit of this kind of woman that inspires me most.
Whatever she's doing, running a home, a career, entertaining, mothering, traveling, I deeply believe this woman remains an individual. No one is going to tell her exactly what she has to wear, no matter what's currently in style. She wants and needs high style, high quality, fashion-conscious clothes that can last for more than one season…. And because I think I have an exceptional ability to anticipate trends, my clothes always have a "today" spirit. I'm constantly refining, improving, interpreting…trying to capture the essence of the times without being trendy. But from whatever source my ideas come from, I always keep in mind that lively, energetic, smart looking woman who is my customer. She's my motivation and my ultimate inspiration.
—Herbert Kasper

</doc>
<doc id="31087101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087101" title="Hitoshi Matsushima">
Hitoshi Matsushima

Hitoshi Matsushima (born April 30, 1980) is a Japanese football player.
He once retired as a player but restarted at Tokachi Fairsky Genesis, a Hokkaido Soccer League club, in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="31087110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087110" title="Little Parades">
Little Parades

Little Parades are a five piece Post Rock band from Leeds, United Kingdom. All of the members currently attend Leeds College of Music.
Since their formation in 2010 they have performed at a number of high profile shows including opening for Corinne Bailey-Rae, and opened at The Well at Live At Leeds Festival 2011. In March 2011, they performed live on air on BBC Radio Leeds as part of the BBC Introducing program.

</doc>
<doc id="31087133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087133" title="Yoichi Mori">
Yoichi Mori

Yoichi Mori (born August 1, 1980) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31087135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087135" title="The Poor Choices Show">
The Poor Choices Show

The Poor Choices Show is a podcast based in the Lakeview neighborhood of Chicago, Illinois. It was started on August 30, 2009 by Mark Colomb and Matt Owens. The show interviews comedians and musicians in the Chicago area. Guests discuss their background, ambitions, current projects, and poor choices. The show has the slogan of "Making shows and enemies". In August 2011 Mark asked Matt to leave the show, which he did.

</doc>
<doc id="31087188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087188" title="Naoki Makino">
Naoki Makino

Naoki Makino (born November 11, 1976) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31087231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087231" title="Gervasio Gallardo">
Gervasio Gallardo

Gervasio Gallardo (born 1934) was born in Barcelona, Spain. He is known as a prolific producer of surreal paintings and book covers, for many science-fiction and fantasy authors. 
Gervasio Gallardo studied in Spain, working for several Spanish advertising agencies, before moving to Munich, Germany in 1959. The next four years he spent working for the Delpire Agency in Paris, before travelling to the United States in 1963. It was here that he met Frank and Jeff Lavaty, who represent his work to this day.
In 1969, he was commissioned by Ballantine Books to create cover art for their Ballantine Adult Fantasy Series. He went on to be the most prolific of their cover artists, creating a total of twenty-nine. Since then, he has created at least eighteen covers for other authors, including producing all of the artwork for his own release: "The Fantastic World of Gervasio Gallardo".
Eventually Gallardo returned to Barcelona to set up a studio. He has won numerous awards within Europe and the United States, and has exhibited his work in Paris, Barcelona, and the United States. 
Gallardo's work has graced the covers of many notable authors, including: 

</doc>
<doc id="31087250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087250" title="Luke Hayes-Alexander">
Luke Hayes-Alexander

Luke Hayes-Alexander (born 1990) is a Canadian chef. He is the executive chef of Luke's Gastronomy in Kingston, Ontario, and has held this position since 2006. He is noted for his skill as a charcutier and for his historically informed command of the techniques of molecular gastronomy. His restaurant serves wine from its own vineyard.
In November 2010 he addressed the first TEDxQueensU Conference at Queen's University.

</doc>
<doc id="31087258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087258" title="Bermuda Form">
Bermuda Form

The term "Bermuda Form" refers to various types of insurance policies.
In the 1980s, American companies found it increasingly difficult to buy large amounts of casualty (liability) insurance, partly because American courts interpreted policies in ways which gave coverage to policyholders which was wider than the insurers had anticipated, causing insurers large losses particularly in relation to asbestos and pollution. To meet the needs of corporate insurance buyers, new insurance companies were set up in Bermuda, notably ACE, XL, and Starr Excess Casualty. Each of these insurers produced its own standard-form policy (which has been revised and re-issued over the years), and collectively these policies are loosely described as the "Bermuda Form".
Bermuda Form policies share certain similarities. For example, they exclude liability for asbestos and pollution. They also provide for multiple losses to be batched together into a single claim called an "Integrated Occurrence": batching claims in this way can allow a policyholder to make claims which would otherwise have been barred by the policy deductible (for example, in mass product liability litigation, each claim individually might be too small to exceed the deductible, but all claims taken together might exceed it). 
Bermuda Form standard policy wordings stipulate that they are governed by New York law (but sometimes the parties agree to change this to Bermudian or another governing law). To reduce the perceived risks of the American jury system, the policies usually provide for disputes to be resolved by arbitration, often in London, and for punitive damages to be excluded. Bermuda Form arbitrations are confidential and therefore rarely reported; the case of C v. D ( EWHC 1541 (Comm)) is an example of a Bermuda Form arbitration which was the subject of an appeal.

</doc>
<doc id="31087316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087316" title="Punch and Jody">
Punch and Jody

Punch and Jody (1974) is a NBC TV movie, starring Glenn Ford and directed by Barry Shear
Synopsis.
It is the story of a cruel man who abandons his wife and daughter and goes to work in a circus around the country .. Years later he meets his daughter who is now a rambling gypsy...

</doc>
<doc id="31087319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087319" title="Tayaramma Bangarayya">
Tayaramma Bangarayya

Tayaramma Bangarayya is a 1979 Telugu film starring Sowcar Janaki as Tayaramma and Kaikala Satyanarayana as Bangarayya. It costars Chiranjeevi.
Plot.
The film is about a good-samaritan couple Tayaramma (Janaki) and Bangarayya (Satyanarayana). They try to repair the marriages of young couples. They successfully do this as a social responsibility. When contrasting personalities Aruna (Madhavi) and Vani (Sangeetha) get married and have problems in their married life with husbands Chandra Mohan and Ranganath respectively, Tayaramma and Bangarayya step in.

</doc>
<doc id="31087327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087327" title="Kukka Katuku Cheppu Debba">
Kukka Katuku Cheppu Debba

Kukka Katuku Cheppu Debba is a Telugu film starring Chiranjeevi.

</doc>
<doc id="31087328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087328" title="Kotta Alludu">
Kotta Alludu

Kotta Alludu is a Telugu film starring Krishna, Jaya Prada, Chiranjeevi and Mohan Babu.

</doc>
<doc id="31087331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087331" title="Sri Rambantu">
Sri Rambantu

Sri Rambantu is a Telugu film starring Chiranjeevi.

</doc>
<doc id="31087332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087332" title="Kothala Raayudu">
Kothala Raayudu

Kothala Raayudu is a Telugu film starring Chiranjeevi.
Plot.
Chiranjeevi Plays a role with negative shades, who is the youngest son of a retired judge and youngest brother of a Police officer and a lawyer.His father believes that he’s fit for nothing as he spends most of his time hanging out with his friends and after girls. He sees Madhavi, who teaches his brother’s kids and trys every trick to woo her. He manages to convince her that he’s in love with her and promises to marry soon.
Madhavi becomes pregnant and chiru refuses to marry her. Meanwhile, he realizes that his father is being blackmailed by a bar manager(KV Chalam), as he has his father’s photos with a dancer(Manju Bhargavi).
To save his reputation, his father heeds to bar manager’s demands. Chiranjeevi, with his friends gets hold of the bar manager and in an attempt to teach him a lesson, the dancer dies.
Chiru is accused of murder and he doesn’t try to defend himself, as he feels that he needs to be punished for all his misdeeds. His father expires when chiru is sentenced jail.
When Chiru is released after his brothers prove him innocent, Madhavi, with a kid is accepted by his family.

</doc>
<doc id="31087336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087336" title="Estlin, Saskatchewan">
Estlin, Saskatchewan

Estlin is a hamlet in Saskatchewan, Canada. Very little remains of the former village, expect for some private residences and the rail-lines that pass near the town. The town once contained a elevator.
The Buck Lake Cemetery is located at the site, dating from 1890.
The hamlet is also the site for an Alliance Pipeline pumping station with a heat-recovery 6 MW power generating unit operated by NRGreen Power.

</doc>
<doc id="31087349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087349" title="Maria Duchêne">
Maria Duchêne

Maria Duchêne-Billiard (1884 - ?) was a French contralto of the Metropolitan Opera from 1912 to 1916. She portrayed such roles as Amneris in "Aida", Giulietta in "The Tales of Hoffmann", Lola in "Cavalleria rusticana", Maddalena in "Rigoletto". She sang the role of the Old Woman in "L'amore dei tre re", Rosette in "Manon", Schwertleite in "Die Walküre", and the Solo Madrigalist in "Manon Lescaut" among others.
Biography.
She was born in 1884. She made her debut at the Met on March 16, 1912 as La Cieca in Amilcare Ponchielli's "La Gioconda" with Emmy Destinn in the title role, Enrico Caruso as Enzo, and Arturo Toscanini conducting.
She appeared in the American premiere of "Boris Godunov" as the Nurse in 1912 with Arturo Toscanini conducting.
On March 12, 1913 she was to sing the role of Giulietta in "Les Contes d'Hoffmann" when she fainted and her role was taken over by madam Fremsted who had sung the role when it premiered in the United States.
With the company she notably portrayed the role of the Peasant Woman in the United States premiere of Gustave Charpentier's "Julien" on February 26, 1914.
Her mother, Elizabeth Duchêne (1859–1915) died in 1915 of pneumonia just as Maria was about to take the stage as Lola in "Cavalleria rusticana".
Her final and 166th performance with the Met was as Ulrica in "Un ballo in maschera" in an out of town performance at the Boston Opera House on April 18, 1916. The date of her death is not known.

</doc>
<doc id="31087351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087351" title="Biathlon World Championships 2011 – Women's sprint">
Biathlon World Championships 2011 – Women's sprint

The women's sprint competition of the Biathlon World Championships 2011 was held on March 5, 2011 at 18:00 local time. 103 athletes participated.

</doc>
<doc id="31087379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087379" title="Agni Sanskaram">
Agni Sanskaram

Agni Sanskaram is a Telugu film starring Chiranjeevi.

</doc>
<doc id="31087388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087388" title="Kottapeta Rowdy">
Kottapeta Rowdy

Kottapeta Rowdy is a Telugu film starring Chiranjeevi.

</doc>
<doc id="31087394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087394" title="Chandipriya">
Chandipriya

Chandipriya is a Telugu film starring Chiranjeevi.

</doc>
<doc id="31087395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087395" title="Aarani Mantalu">
Aarani Mantalu

Aarani Mantalu is a Telugu film starring Chiranjeevi. It was the first Tamil dubbed movie of Chiranjeevi dubbed by editor Mohan, who is the well known producer and father of Jayam Ravi.

</doc>
<doc id="31087397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087397" title="John B. Snook">
John B. Snook

John Butler Snook (1815–1901) was an American architect who practiced in New York City and was responsible for the design of a number of notable cast-iron buildings, most of which are now in and around the SoHo neighborhood of Manhattan, as well as the original Grand Central Depot, which preceded the current Grand Central Terminal.
Life and career.
Born in England, Snook emigrated to the United States with his family as a child. He was trained as a carpenter in his father's carpentry business, and worked as a bookkeeper and draftsman there as well. He was largely self-taught as an architect. His first work in the field was in partnership with William Beer from 1837–40, then in 1842 he joined the firm of Joseph Trench. Within five years he was the junior partner in the firm, which became Trench and Snook, in which capacity he was the designer of the A. T. Stewart department store (1846) at 280 Broadway between Duane and Rector Streets, the first department store in America. The store was the first Anglo-Italinate style building in New York, and a significant factor in introducing that style to the United States. Its "palazzo mode – borrowed from Charles Barry's London clubs" set a style for New York commercial hotels that lasted until mid-century.
In Snook's partnership with Trench he was also the architect of the brownstone-sheathed Metropolitan Hotel (1851–52) – erected in the same "palazzo" style – on Broadway at Prince Street; the Boreel Building (1849–50), a full block building bounded by Broadway, Cedar, Thames, and Temple Streets, the site of the former City Hotel, which Trench and Snook's palace hotels had rendered out-of-date; and the marble-clad St. Nicholas Hotel (1854) on Broadway between Broome and Spring Streets; although the design of the last has also been attributed to Griffith Thomas.
Solo practitioner.
After Trench moved west to San Francisco in 1857, Snook continued to work in New York City on his own, and his practice became one of the largest in the city. Most of his buildings were in New York City, but he also designed and constructed buildings in Brooklyn – then a separate city – in Westchester County, and in New Jersey. Stephen Decatur Hatch, who later became a notable architect on his own, worked as a draftsman in Snook's office from 1860 to 1864.
Cast-iron for Snook's commercial building facades was provided by Cornell Iron Works and by Daniel D. Badger's Architectural Iron Works. Snook's 620 Broadway (1858) – called the "Little Cary Building" for its resemblance to the Cary Building by Gamaliel King and John Kellum (1856) – was fronted with cast iron from Badger's Architectural Iron Works. Most of Snook's work was in commercial buildings, warehouses and tenements – for example the tenement building at 64 Oliver Street (1889), near the Manhattan Bridge, built as a speculation for Roderick Green, completed in five months' time for about $6000 – but Snook also designed churches, hotels, institutions – the Odd Fellows Hall (1847–48), Grand Street, survives (with some additions) and is a New York City Landmark – and hospitals, and some residences, such as the villa in Sleepy Hollow, New York, commissioned by Anson G. Phelps (1851). and residences for the Vanderbilt and Lorillard families. In 1869, Cornelius Vanderbilt employed Snook to design the first Grand Central Depot, which served as the main passenger terminal for the New York and Harlem Railroad and the New York Central Railroad from 1871 to 1900.
Personal life and death.
In 1836 Snook married Maria A. Weekes, with whom he had nine surviving children. Three sons, James Henry, Samuel Booth, and Thomas Edward, joined his practice in 1887, and the firm's name was changed to John B. Snook & Sons on its 50th anniversary. One of his sons-in-law, John W. Boylston, also worked in the firm. Snook died at his home in Brooklyn in 1901. His papers, including an archive of architectural drawings, are conserved in the New-York Historical Society. After his death, the firm's name was changed to John B. Snook Sons.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="31087402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087402" title="Jathara">
Jathara

Jathara is a Telugu film starring Chiranjeevi.

</doc>
<doc id="31087432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087432" title="I'm Alive (EP)">
I'm Alive (EP)

"I'm Alive" is the sixth British EP released by The Hollies. It was put out by Parlophone in mono with the catalogue number GEP 8942 and released in the UK in late September 1965. The EP entered the British charts on 25 September 1965 and spent 15 weeks there, peaking at #5 on the "Record Retailer" chart, their highest charting EP.
The EP's A-side consisted of both sides of the band's successful single "I'm Alive", released in May 1965. The B-side contained the album track "Mickey's Monkey" from "Hollies" and "Honey and Wine", exclusive to this EP.
All the tracks from this EP were first recollected on the See for Miles Records compilation "The EP Collection" in 1987 and have seen several re-releases since then.

</doc>
<doc id="31087444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087444" title="SS Iowa (1920)">
SS Iowa (1920)

SS "Iowa was a steamship built by the Western Pipe and Steel Company of San Francisco, California in 1920 for the U.S. government and was known as the SS West Cadron". It served in the Quaker Line subsidiary of the States Steamship Co. from 1928—when it was renamed the Iowa—until January 12, 1936, when it encountered a gale and ran aground on Peacock Spit, Washington, part of the Columbia Bar at the mouth of the Columbia River. The Coast Guard cutter "Onondaga" was dispatched after an SOS was received at the Coast Guard station in Astoria, Oregon, but no survivors were found. All 34 people aboard the ship died, and only six bodies were recovered from the wreckage that dotted local shorelines for days.

</doc>
<doc id="31087453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087453" title="The Greatest Gift (film)">
The Greatest Gift (film)

The Greatest Gift is an NBC television movie which premiered on November 4, 1974. Directed by Boris Sagal and starring Glenn Ford, Julie Harris and Lance Kerwin, the film served as the pilot for the short-lived 1975 television series The Family Holvak.
Synopsis.
Humble depression-era preacher, Reverend Holvak (Glenn Ford) lives with his wife Elizabeth (Julie Harris) and son Ramey (Lance Kerwin) and struggles against the injustice of violence and a corrupt sheriff in an attempt to maintain the moral values of their faith in their small town.

</doc>
<doc id="31087478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087478" title="Intersection number (graph theory)">
Intersection number (graph theory)

In the mathematical field of graph theory, the intersection number of a graph is the smallest number of elements in a representation of as an intersection graph of finite sets. Equivalently, it is the smallest number of cliques needed to cover all of the edges of .
Intersection graphs.
Let be a family of sets (allowing sets in to be repeated); then the intersection graph of is an undirected graph that has a vertex for each member of and an edge between each two members that have a nonempty intersection. Every graph can be represented as an intersection graph in this way. The intersection number of the graph is the smallest number such that there exists a representation of this type for which the union of has elements. The problem of finding an intersection representation of a graph with a given number of elements is known as the intersection graph basis problem.
Clique edge covers.
An alternative definition of the intersection number of a graph is that it is the smallest number of cliques in (complete subgraphs of ) that together cover all of the edges of . A set of cliques with this property is known as a clique edge cover or edge clique cover, and for this reason the intersection number is also sometimes called the edge clique cover number. 
The equality of the intersection number and the edge clique cover number is straightforward to prove. In one direction, suppose that is the intersection graph of a family of sets whose union has elements. Then for any element of , the subset of vertices of corresponding to sets that contain forms a clique: any two vertices in this subset are adjacent, because their sets have a nonempty intersection containing . Further, every edge in is contained in one of these cliques, because an edge corresponds to a nonempty intersection and an intersection is nonempty if it contains at least one element of . Therefore, the edges of can be covered by cliques, one per element of . In the other direction, if a graph can be covered by cliques, then each vertex of may be represented by the set of cliques that contain that vertex.
Upper bounds.
Trivially, a graph with edges has intersection number at most , for each edge forms a clique and these cliques together cover all the edges.
It is also true that every graph with vertices has intersection number at most . More strongly, the edges of every -vertex graph can be partitioned into at most cliques, all of which are either single edges or triangles. This generalizes Mantel's theorem that a triangle-free graph has at most edges, for in a triangle-free graph the only optimal clique edge cover has one clique per edge and therefore the intersection number equals the number of edges.
An even tighter bound is possible when the number of edges is strictly greater than . Let "p" be the number of pairs of vertices that are not connected by an edge in the given graph , and let be the unique integer for which . Then the intersection number of is at most .
Graphs that are the complement of a sparse graph have small intersection numbers: the intersection number of any -vertex graph is at most , where is the base of the natural logarithm and "d" is the maximum degree of the complement graph of .
Computational complexity.
Testing whether a given graph has intersection number at most a given number is NP-complete. Therefore, it is also NP-hard to compute the intersection number of a given graph.
The problem of computing the intersection number is, however, fixed-parameter tractable: that is, there is a function such that, when the intersection number is , the time to compute it is at most the product of and a polynomial in "n". This may be shown by observing that there are at most distinct closed neighborhoods in the graph – two vertices that belong to the same set of cliques have the same neighborhood – and that the graph formed by selecting one vertex per closed neighbood has the same intersection number as the original graph. Therefore, in polynomial time the input can be reduced to a smaller kernel with at most vertices; applying an exponential time backtracking search procedure to this kernel leads to a function that is double exponential in . The double-exponential dependence on cannot be reduced to single exponential by a kernelization of polynomial size, unless the polynomial hierarchy collapses, and if the exponential time hypothesis is true then double-exponential dependence is necessary regardless of whether kernelization is used.
More efficient algorithms are also known for certain special classes of graphs. The intersection number of an interval graph is always equal to its number of maximal cliques, which may be computed in polynomial time. More generally, in chordal graphs, the intersection number may be computed by an algorithm that considers the vertices in an elimination ordering of the graph and that, for each vertex , forms a clique for and its later neighbors whenever at least one of the edges incident to is not covered by any earlier clique.

</doc>
<doc id="31087483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087483" title="Boston Mills/Brandywine Ski Resort">
Boston Mills/Brandywine Ski Resort

Boston Mills/Brandywine Ski Resort is a pair of partner ski resorts, owned by Peak Resorts, in Northeastern Ohio. The two locations were developed independently in the 1960s. In 1990, Brandywine was purchased by the owners of Boston Mills, forming the dual-resort complex known today. In 2002 Peak Resorts purchased the resorts and has owned and operated them ever since. With resort operations housed at Boston Mills, it is operated as the primary resort; Brandywine typically has more limited hours during the week and a slightly shorter season.
Between both resorts (only a few miles apart, with each visible from the other's peak), there are 18 trails of various skill levels, a tubing park, four terrain parks, and two beginner areas. Of the resort's 16 total lifts, there are 4 surface lifts, a magic carpet conveyor lift, 2 double chair lifts, 7 triple chair lifts, and 2 fixed quad lifts.
The tubing park is named Polar Blast and is located at Brandywine. It features up to 20 lanes that stretch over "3 football fields in length." Polar Blast also has conveyor lifts so tubers do not have to walk back to the top of the hill. 
Boston Mills is located at in Boston Township, Summit County, near Peninsula, Ohio.
The Brandywine Ski Resort is located at a little more than one mile to the north, in Sagamore Hills Township, Summit County, Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="31087519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087519" title="Netball in Scotland">
Netball in Scotland

Netball in Scotland is a popular sport played mainly by women. 
International competition.
England's record against Scotland in international matches between 1949 and 1976 was thirty wins and zero losses.
In the 2010 Nations Cup the Scottish national team won first place.
As of January 2011, the women's national team was ranked sixteenth in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="31087522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087522" title="1956 TANFL season">
1956 TANFL season

The 1956 Tasmanian Australian National Football League (TANFL) premiership season was an Australian rules football competition staged in Hobart, Tasmania over fifteen (15) roster rounds and four (4) finals series matches between 31 March and 8 September 1956. 
Participating Clubs.
TANFL Under-19's Grand Final.
State Schools Old Boys Football Association (SSOBFA) 
State Preliminary Final.
(Saturday, 15 September 1956) 
State Grand Final.
(Saturday, 29 September 1956) 
Intrastate Matches.
Jubilee Shield (Saturday, 28 April 1956) 
Jubilee Shield (Saturday, 26 May 1956) 
Jubilee Shield (Saturday, 23 June 1956) 
Jubilee Shield (Saturday, 21 July 1956) 
Inter-Association Match (Saturday, 21 July 1956) 
Interstate Matches.
See: 1956 Australian National Football Championships
Match Two (Thursday, 14 June 1956) 
Match Five (Tuesday, 19 June 1956) 
Match Eight (Thursday, 21 June 1956) 
Match Nine (Saturday, 23 June 1956) 
1956 TANFL Ladder.
Round 1.
(Saturday, 31 March. Monday, 2 April & Saturday 7 April 1956) 
Round 2.
(Saturday, 14 April 1956) 
Round 3.
(Saturday, 21 April 1956) 
Round 4.
(Saturday, 5 May 1956) 
Round 5.
(Saturday, 12 May 1957) 
Round 6.
(Saturday, 19 May 1956) 
Round 7.
(Saturday, 2 June & Monday, 4 June 1956) 
Round 8.
(Saturday, 9 June 1956) 
Round 9.
(Saturday, 16 June 1956) 
Round 10.
(Saturday, 30 June 1956) 
Round 11.
(Saturday, 7 July 1956) 
Round 12.
(Saturday, 14 July 1956) 
Round 13.
(Saturday, 28 July 1956) 
Round 14.
(Saturday, 4 August 1956) 
Round 15.
(Saturday, 11 August 1956) 
Note: Final senior TANFL match staged at New Town Oval, New Town relocated to Glenorchy after this season, moving to KGV Park. 
First Semi Final.
(Saturday, 18 August 1956) 
Second Semi Final.
(Saturday, 25 August 1956) 
Preliminary Final.
(Saturday, 1 September 1956) 
Grand Final.
(Saturday, 8 September 1956) 
Source: All scores and statistics courtesy of the Hobart Mercury and Saturday Evening Mercury (SEM) publications.

</doc>
<doc id="31087532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087532" title="The Sacketts">
The Sacketts

The Sacketts is a 1979 American Western television film directed by Robert Totten and starring Sam Elliott, Tom Selleck, Jeff Osterhage, and Glenn Ford. Based on the novels "The Daybreakers" and "Sackett" by Louis L'Amour, the film recounts the story of the Sackett brothers in 1869 who leave their Tennessee home and start a new life together in Santa Fe.
Plot.
Three brothers from Tennessee, Tell, Orrin, and Tyrel Sackett, are brought together by the tragic events that occur at Orrin's wedding. Tell (Sam Elliott) is a mountain man who hasn't seen his family in almost ten years, Orrin (Tom Selleck) is a former lawman now looking to settle down with his family, and Tyrel (Jeff Osterhage) is the youngest brother who is very good with a revolver. At the wedding, the brother of a man Orrin had previously killed arrives in the middle of the ceremony and holds Orrin at gunpoint. The man pulls the trigger, but Orrin's fiancée gets in the way and is shot and killed. Tyrel arrives and shoots the man dead.
Having killed a man, Tyrel clears out of Tennessee and heads west. Following the funeral of Orrin's fiancée, his mother tells him to join Tyrel and find Tell, and to go start a life in the west. Meanwhile, Tell has found work in a mining camp in Uvalde, Texas. During a card game, Tell accuses one of the men, Wes Bigelow, of cheating and shoots him dead. The leader of the mining camp suggests that Tell should leave before the victim's brothers arrive to seek revenge, and Tell heads out alone into the wilderness.
On his way west, Tyrel meets with a cattle drive and signs on as a cowhand. He immediately becomes friends with aging cowhand Cap Rountree (Ben Johnson), and former gunfighter Tom Sunday (Glenn Ford), who becomes a mentor to Tyrel. Orrin catches up with the group and joins them. As they finish the drive in Abilene, Kansas, Cap, Tom, Orrin and Tyrel make plans to collect wild cattle near the Purgatoire River. While in the town, Orrin becomes attracted to the daughter of wealthy man Jonathan Pritts (John Vernon), while Tyrel becomes attracted to the Drusilla (Ana Alicia), the granddaughter of wealthy Mexican Don Luis (Gilbert Roland). Don Luis and Pritts are arguing with each other over Luis' land in Santa Fe, New Mexico.
Orrin and Tyrel eventually meet up with Tell in a small town in Colorado called Purgatorie. Cap and Tell decide to go searching for gold up in the mountains, while Orrin, Tyrel and Sunday continue with their plan to collect wild cattle on the way to Santa Fe. Soon after they leave, Ira Bigelow (Jack Elam) arrives in town and declares that he is tracking Tell Sackett with the aim of killing him.
In Elizabethtown, New Mexico, Tell and Cap are confronted by a young gunfighter named Kid Newton. Tell avoids a gunbattle with Newton by talking him down and ordering him to leave. When Ira Bigelow's search for Tell brings him to Elizabethtown, Newton offers to be his guide.
After reaching Santa Fe, both Orrin and Sunday run in the election for town sheriff. Pritts helps Orrin win the election by disclosing that Sunday is a disbarred lawyer and ex-convict from Louisiana. Sunday starts drinking heavily and becomes increasingly hostile towards Orrin. Orrin asks Sunday to be his deputy, but Sunday blames Orrin for ruining his dream of a fresh start in Santa Fe and angrily refuses the offer.
Don Luis soon dies of old age. Orrin and Tyrel, now appointed as deputy sheriff, prove that Pritts has been attempting to run the Mexicans out of Santa Fe and send him to jail. Orrin decides to run for mayor if Tyrel stays as sheriff. As Orrin is announcing his intention to the townspeople in the plaza, Sunday arrives seeking a final confrontation with Orrin. Tyrel sees him first and stands in his way. When Tyrel refuses to move, Sunday draws his gun. Tyrel draws and shoots Sunday first. Tyrel weeps as Sunday dies in his arms.
While searching for gold in the mountains, Cap and Tell find a lost woman, Ange Kerry (Wendy Rastatter). Ira Bigelow, his brother Jack (Slim Pickens) and their hired men soon arrive and assault Tell's camp, wounding Cap in the leg. Ange escapes on a stolen horse and wires a message for help to Orrin, while Tell and Cap escape back to Purgatorie on foot. The Bigelows and their men catch up to them in town and challenge Tell to a gunfight the next day at daybreak. Orrin and Tyrel receive Ange's telegram and rush to join Tell at Purgatorie.
The following day Tell strides out onto the street alone to face the Bigelow gang. Unbeknownst to Tell, Cap grabs a shotgun and hobbles after him. Tell finds Orrin and Tyrel waiting for him in the street. As the Bigelows and their men start to emerge from the livery stable, the Sacketts open fire and the gun battle begins. With the help of Cap, the Sacketts kill all seven of the Bigelow gang. Cap joins the reunited Sackett brothers as they walk away down the street.

</doc>
<doc id="31087536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087536" title="Thathayya Premaleelalu">
Thathayya Premaleelalu

Thathayya Premaleelalu is a Telugu film starring Chiranjeevi.

</doc>
<doc id="31087541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087541" title="Mogudu Kaavali">
Mogudu Kaavali

Mogudu Kaavali is a 1980 Telugu film starring Chiranjeevi.
Plot.
Krishna(gayatri) is inherited with lots of wealth from her father, but he imposes a condition that she should marry in order to inherit that wealth.Mogudu Kavali Krishna, doesn’t want to marry a prince who might later turn out to be a toad , especially after seeing her friend santhi’s marital life experience.
But, she needs her father’s wealth. So, she hires Chiru as her hire-husband and tries to get all her father’s wealth.
But, to her surprise and shock, chiru turns out to be far more than she had bargained for!
How chiru tranforms her forms the rest of the story.
Sound Track.
Aadapillaki Eedoste<br>
Aakasam Lo Tarakalu<br>
Naa Manase Madurapuram<br>
O Chilaka Paluke<br>
Saachikodithe <br>
Sannajaji Panditlo

</doc>
<doc id="31087544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087544" title="Rakta Sambandham (1980 film)">
Rakta Sambandham (1980 film)

Rakta Bandham is a Telugu film starring Chiranjeevi and Nutana Prasad.

</doc>
<doc id="31087545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087545" title="Paravathi Parameshwarulu">
Paravathi Parameshwarulu

Paravathi Parameshwarulu is a 1981 Telugu film starring Chiranjeevi.

</doc>
<doc id="31087548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087548" title="Aadavaallu Meeku Joharlu">
Aadavaallu Meeku Joharlu

Aadavaallu Meeku Joharlu is a 1981 Telugu-language Indian feature film directed by K. Balachander, starring Krishnam Raju, Jayasudha, Bhanu Chander and Chiranjeevi plays a guest role towards the climax.

</doc>
<doc id="31087553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087553" title="Prema Natakam">
Prema Natakam

Prema Natakam is a 1981 Telugu film directed by Subba Rao Katta. Chiranjeevi played a guest role in the film.

</doc>
<doc id="31087555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087555" title="Ooriki Ichina Maata">
Ooriki Ichina Maata

Ooriki Ichina Maata is a Telugu film starring Chiranjeevi.
Awards.
The film won Nandi Award for Best Feature Film in 1981 from Government of Andhra Pradesh.

</doc>
<doc id="31087557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087557" title="Rani Kasula Rangamma">
Rani Kasula Rangamma

Rani Kasula Rangamma is a Telugu film starring Chiranjeevi.

</doc>
<doc id="31087559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087559" title="Srirasthu Subhamasthu">
Srirasthu Subhamasthu

Srirasthu Subhamasthu is a Telugu film starring Chiranjeevi.

</doc>
<doc id="31087565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087565" title="Kirayi Rowdylu">
Kirayi Rowdylu

Kirayi Rowdylu is a 1981 Telugu-language film directed by A. Kodandarami Reddy. It features Chiranjeevi, Mohan Babu, and Raadhika Sarathkumar.

</doc>
<doc id="31087569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087569" title="Idi Pellantara">
Idi Pellantara

Idi Pellantara is a 1982 Telugu film starring Chiranjeevi.

</doc>
<doc id="31087575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087575" title="Sitadevi">
Sitadevi

Sitadevi is a 1982 Telugu film starring Chiranjeevi.

</doc>
<doc id="31087578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087578" title="1957 TANFL season">
1957 TANFL season

The 1957 Tasmanian Australian National Football League (TANFL) premiership season was an Australian Rules football competition staged in Hobart, Tasmania over eighteen (18) roster rounds and four (4) finals series matches between 13 April and 28 September 1957. 
New Town District Football Club relocated from the New Town Oval to KGV Park in Glenorchy from this season and absorbed the already existing Glenorchy Rovers club that was participating in the Southern District Football Association at that time, the name change to Glenorchy District Football Club was approved by the TANFL on 8 April 1957. 
The KGV Memorial Park (as it was then known) was extensively renovated and opened for use for TANFL football on 4 May by Glenorchy Municipal Council Warden, Mr J.E Percey and by Mr Eric O'Brien, the oldest surviving player from the Glenorchy Rovers team of 1886.
Participating Clubs.
TANFL Under-19's Grand Final.
State Schools Old Boys Football Association (SSOBFA) 
State Grand Final.
(Saturday, 5 October 1957) 
Intrastate Matches.
Intrastate Match (Monday, 17 June 1957) 
Interstate Matches.
Interstate Match (Saturday, 20 July 1957) 
Interstate Match (Saturday, 27 July 1957) 
1957 TANFL Ladder.
Round 1.
(Saturday, 13 April. Saturday, 20 April & Monday, 22 April 1957) 
Round 2.
(Saturday, 27 April 1957) 
Round 3.
(Saturday, 4 May 1957) 
Note: First official TANFL match played at KGV Park. 
Round 4.
(Saturday, 11 May 1957) 
Round 5.
(Saturday, 18 May 1957) 
Round 6.
(Saturday, 25 May 1957) 
Round 7.
(Saturday, 1 June 1957) 
Round 8.
(Saturday, 8 June 1957) 
Round 9.
(Saturday, 15 June 1957) 
Round 10.
(Saturday, 22 June 1957) 
Round 11.
(Saturday, 29 June 1957) 
Round 12.
(Saturday, 6 July 1957) 
Round 13.
(Saturday, 13 July 1957) 
Round 14.
(Saturday, 3 August 1957) 
Round 15.
(Saturday, 10 August 1957) 
Round 16.
(Saturday, 17 August 1957) 
Round 17.
(Saturday, 24 August 1957) 
Round 18.
(Saturday, 31 August 1957) 
First Semi Final.
(Saturday, 7 September 1957) 
Second Semi Final.
(Saturday, 14 September 1957) 
Preliminary Final.
(Saturday, 21 September 1957) 
Grand Final.
(Saturday, 28 September 1957) 
Source: All scores and statistics courtesy of the Hobart Mercury and Saturday Evening Mercury (SEM) publications.

</doc>
<doc id="31087579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087579" title="Radha My Darling">
Radha My Darling

Radha My Darling is a Telugu film starring Chiranjeevi.

</doc>
<doc id="31087580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087580" title="List of Ōmagadoki Dōbutsuen chapters">
List of Ōmagadoki Dōbutsuen chapters

The manga series Ōmagadoki Dōbutsuen is written and illustrated by Kōhei Horikoshi. Ōmagadoki Dōbutsuen is serialized in the Japanese manga magazine "Weekly Shōnen Jump", published by Shueisha since June 2009. As of March 2011, Shueisha has compiled its chapters into 3 bound volumes.
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="31087585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087585" title="Aaj Ka Goonda Raj">
Aaj Ka Goonda Raj

Aaj Ka Goonda Raj is a Hindi film starring Chiranjeevi and Meenakshi Seshadri in the lead roles. Its a remake of Telugu film "Gang Leader" and gave the second hit for Chiranjeevi in Bollywood.
Plot.
Raja, though he is righteous, honest, tough, a daredevil and educated, was an unemployed young man. With no work on hand he squanders his time with his four friends. This naturally upsets his family members: his dadi and elder brothers Amar and Ravi who care and worry for him.
Constantly troubled by lack of money, the family has lots of problems. Ravi's pending IAS examination was the core problem they were facing. To raise money for the examination, Raja and his friends take up a job, one that entailed getting rid of a tenant who had illegally settled in a house. Raja had an easy time getting rid of Shalu. But from then on, Shalu creates hell for him and moves into his house and life permanently. Tejpal and Nagpal were power brokers. They were very influential and intimidating. They succeed in getting Ritu married to Ravi, now an IAS officer, on the threshold of becoming a collector. A perfect move thought the villains — Saxena's sister married to Raja's brother. Raja revolts but is cornered. He has many clashes with the duo. In one of these clashes Raja's friends and eldest brother Amar are murdered. All is lost until Raja and Ravi discover the truth about Tejpal and Nagpal. Raja and Ravi decide to end the Gundaraj.

</doc>
<doc id="31087589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087589" title="Bandhalu Anubandhalu">
Bandhalu Anubandhalu

Bandhalu Anubandhalu is a Telugu film starring Sobhan Babu.

</doc>
<doc id="31087591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087591" title="Hands Up! (short)">
Hands Up! (short)


</doc>
<doc id="31087592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087592" title="National Day Parade, 2011">
National Day Parade, 2011

National Day Parade 2011, also known as NDP 2011, was a military parade and accompanying creative show that was held on 9 August 2011 to commemorate Singapore's 46th year of independence. It was also the 12th and last National Day Parade for President S. R. Nathan who left office on 1 September 2011.
Social media participation.
For the third time in NDP history, the EXCO used social media to advertise this year's parade. Events were being held to increase public participation, related to this year's theme, "Majulah! The Singapore Spirit".
Third musical NDP.
The 2011 NDP was the third parade presented in a full-time musical, just like in the 1996 and 1997 editions, but for the first time, it included the popular parade and ceremony segment. The entire show was written by Haresh Sharma. It revolves around on the history of Singapore through the eyes of a mother and her son who was born on the same year as Singapore gaining full independence, and later on through her grandson, who sees the Singapore of today as well as in the coming future.
The entire parade program was now composed of 6 segments. The first two center on the present day Singapore and its defense abilities and the other four revolved on the evolution of the Singaporean nation from the past to the future.
Parade.
For the first time, the national flag was raised during the singing of the national anthem, while the state flag was flown past on a CH-47 Chinook at the same time, and parade contingents will execute a march into the spectators, another NDP first. The parade also featured the first female regimental sergeant major MWO Jennifer Tan Siang Lang, who was also the 2010 NDP reserve RSM.
The Singapore Armed Forces' new military acquisitions was part of the parade's opening segment, with its Sikorsky S-70B Seahawks and HIMARS being featured.
The presidential 21-gun salute was held on water in Marina Bay for the second time. The City March made another appearance this year, with the march starting off outside the floating platform grounds and ending off at Marina Bay Sands Singapore.
According to Lianhe Zaobao, 65 full-time National Service personnel voluntarily extended their service to take part in the parade, including 34 members of the presidential saluting battery.
Full order of NDP 2011.
"NDP 2011 Colour Guard Leaders"
"NDP Massed Combined Bands"
"Parade Contingent Commanders for NDP 2011"
NDP Funpack.
The NDP Funpack comes in four designs and was put together based on the themes of reusing, recycling and reflecting. The tote bags, featuring watercolour designs, are designed by graphic designer Jesline Teo, student Rebekah Lee and Creative designer Mas Shafreen.
Theme song.
The official theme song of NDP 2011, entitled "In a Heartbeat", was sung by a local singer, Sylvia Ratonel. The song was composed by music director Goh Kheng Long and the lyrics were written by playwright Haresh Sharma. Former Mediacorp actress, Sharon Au starred in the music video.
Broadcast.
The 'live' telecast of the parade was in True High Definition and 5.1 Surround Sound on MediaCorp HD5.
TV channels.
As a national event, the parade was broadcast 'live' from 6.10pm to 8.15pm (SST) across MediaCorp channels which include Channel 5, HD5, Channel 8, Channel U, Suria, Vasantham, okto and Channel NewsAsia International. The commentary on Channel 5, HD5, Channel NewsAsia and okto was in English, Channels 8 and U in Mandarin, Suria in Malay and Vasantham in Tamil.
Radio.
MediaCorp Radio stations covered the parade 'live' over 938LIVE, Capital 95.8FM, Warna 94.2FM and Oli 96.8FM in English, Mandarin, Malay and Tamil respectively.
Online.
'Live' webcast was also available on the official NDP website, xinmsn NDP webpage and Channel NewsAsia Live.
Outdoor Digital Media.
'Live' screenings of the parade was available on the outdoor digital screens managed by MediaCorp at ION Orchard and Orchard Central malls. Digital media screens managed by SPH MediaBoxOffice in 313@Somerset and HDB Hub also screened the parade 'live'.
Others.
'Live' telecast of the parade and celebrations were also available at selected heartland venues, SAFRA clubhouses and Resorts World Sentosa.
Flags.
The People's Association and its grassroots organisations have organised the "Promotion of Wider Display of National Flag" campaign yearly to encourage Singaporeans to show their patriotism and Singapore Spirit by displaying the national flag throughout the National Day celebration period from July to September. Singaporeans are also encouraged to fly mini flags or put stickers or decals featuring the nation's flag on their vehicles during the celebration period.
In 2011, the promotion takes the theme of "Show the Spirit, Fly Our Flag", and presents itself as an integrated campaign carried out across virtual and physical platforms. There is an online campaign which will be centred on getting 46,000 images showing Singaporeans with the state flag with an added aim to set a record in the Singapore Book of Records for the largest number of digital images to form the state flag.
'Fun Pack Song' controversy.
A YouTube video featuring the 'Fun Pack Song' in one of the parade rehearsals gathered much attention and criticism for its unoriginal and poorly modified lyrics soon after it was uploaded. The song, which was meant to be performed in the preparade segment, was edited from Lady Gaga's song, Bad Romance. The organisers appeared to have flouted copyrights laws as the public performance permit did not include rights to change the lyrics. They expressed intentions to secure copyrights approval for it but later announced that the song would be taken off the show. Sony/ATV Music Publishing Singapore has announced that it is unlikely for them to pursue the copyrights matter as the organisers have set things right by covering up or removing the modified lyrics from the NDP booklets. 
Dr Edmund Lam, CEO and Director of the Composers and Authors Society of Singapore (COMPASS), said that the organisers' modification did not infringe copyrights as they had secured a public performance permit for the song. However it becomes a copyright infringement for the uploader of the video if he/she records the performance and uploads the video onto YouTube "making it a permanent material form on a public platform".

</doc>
<doc id="31087594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087594" title="15th Samoan Parliament">
15th Samoan Parliament

The 15th Samoan Parliament is the current term of the Parliament of Samoa. Its composition was determined by the 2011 elections.
The 15th Parliament consists of 49 representatives, elected from six two-seat and 35 single-seat territorial constituencies, and two non-territorial constituences. Only two of the MPs were women, a decline from four in the previous Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="31087595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087595" title="Palletoori Monagadu">
Palletoori Monagadu

Palletoori Monagadu is a Telugu film starring Chiranjeevi.

</doc>
<doc id="31087596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087596" title="Forensic Heroes III">
Forensic Heroes III

Forensic Heroes III (also known as FH3) is a 2011 Hong Kong police procedural television drama produced by Television Broadcasts Limited (TVB). The drama is one of three grand TVB productions used to celebrate the channel's 44th anniversary, the other two being "Super Snoops" and "Curse of the Royal Harem". It is also the third installment and reboot of the "Forensic Heroes" series, featuring new stories and characters. Mui Siu-ching, who also produced the original series, serves as the executive producer.
The drama was a ratings success, and is Hong Kong's highest-rating serial drama of 2011.
Synopsis.
Senior Forensic Chemist "Jack" "Pro Sir" "Po" (Wayne Lai) is the head of the Forensic Department and is skilled at analysing criminal psychology. He has a unique view on human nature and is familiar with the structure of various firearms. Pro Sir works closely with Senior Pathologist "Mandy Chung" (Maggie Cheung Ho-yee) in a wide range of fields including psychology, anthropology, criminology and forensic science.
CID Senior Inspector "Ada Ling" (Kate Tsui) and Sergeant ""Wind" Lee Chin-fung" (Ron Ng) work together cracking many murder cases. Their relationship goes from good friends 'brothers' to a pair of lovers. 
With a backbone of 12 cases, the forensic scientists, forensic doctors and the police all work together to accommodate each other to solve these cases. The perspective in this third installment is much wider than the previous two seasons with a legal standpoint in addition to the forensics.
Production.
A costume fitting press conference was held on 3 January 2011. Filming started on 28 January 2011 and the blessing ceremony was held on 24 February 2011. Charmaine Sheh was originally set to be the lead actress, however due to an injury causing joint dislocation, she was forced to withdraw from the series. She was replaced by Maggie Cheung Ho-yee 
Viewership ratings.
The following is a table that includes a list of the total ratings points based on television viewership. "Viewers in millions" refers to the number of people, derived from TVB Jade ratings (including TVB HD Jade), in Hong Kong who watched the episode live. The peak number of viewers are in brackets.

</doc>
<doc id="31087600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087600" title="These Amazing Shadows">
These Amazing Shadows

These Amazing Shadows is a 2011 documentary film which tells the history and importance of the National Film Registry, a roll call of American cinema treasures that reflects the diversity of film, and indeed the American experience itself. 
The documentary was directed by Paul Mariano and Kurt Norton and was an official selection of the 2011 Sundance Film Festival in the Documentary Premieres category.
"These Amazing Shadows" is distributed under the Independent Film Channel (IFC) brand, Sundance Selects, and was broadcast on the American television PBS series, Independent Lens, on December 29, 2011.
Production.
"These Amazing Shadows" was shot in a number of locations including New York City, San Francisco, California, Culpeper, Virginia, Los Angeles, California and Washington, District of Columbia. Paul Mariano, Kurt Norton and Christine O'Malley are the producers of the documentary.
Graphic design (including the poster seen above) and motion graphics for the production was done by Brian Oakes of New York City. Brian was assisted by motion graphics artist Natella Kataev.
Producer Christine O'Malley, along with husband Patrick Creadon, are responsible for the documentaries Wordplay (2006) and I.O.U.S.A. (2008).
Cinematographer Frazer Bradshaw shot a portion of the 2010 hit documentary, Babies. One of the four babies featured in the documentary is his daughter, Hattie. His directorial debut, "Everything Strange and New", was nominated for an 2011 Independent Spirit Award for Best First Feature. 
Co-editor Doug Blush is very active with YoungArts, a program funded by the National Foundation for Advancement in the Arts. YoungArts mission is to identify emerging artists and assist them at critical junctures in their educational and professional development, and to raise the appreciation for, and support of, the arts in American Society. Doug is an educator in Cinematic Arts, which is one of the nine program disciplines.
Co-editor Alex Calleros recently formed a film production company called Finite Films along with collaborators Michael Tucker and Ryan McDuffie.
Color correction was done by Chris Martin of SpyPost, San Francisco, California.
Post production was guided by Matt Radecki of Different by Design, Los Angeles, California.
Legal services was provided by Michael C. Donaldson of Donaldson & Callif, Los Angeles, California.
Sound re-recording by Laurence A. Ellis, C.A.S. of MaxPost, Los Angeles, California.
These Amazing Shadows trailer was cut by Stephen Garrett of Kinetic Trailers of New York City.
Music.
Peter Golub scored "These Amazing Shadows" during the fall of 2010. The music was performed by the City of Prague Philharmonic Orchestra (conductor: Richard Hein) and recorded at the Smecky Studios in Prague, Czech Republic. Peter also scored the motion pictures: Countdown to Zero, directed by Lucy Walker; "Audrey", directed by Dean Pollack; "The Wheeler Boys", directed by Philip Flores; Outrage (2009 film), directed by Kirby Dick; Frozen River, directed by Courtney Hunt; The Great Debaters (co-composed with James Newton Howard), directed by Denzel Washington.
The score was orchestrated by Peter Golub and Philip Klein, edited by Scott Johnson, contracted by Ted Hinkley, recorded by Michael Pekarek and the music preparation was done by Nicholas Greer. Mr. Golub was assisted in Prague by Czech translator, Staniaslave Vomacko.
Track listing.
All tracks written and composed by Peter Golub.

</doc>
<doc id="31087603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087603" title="INS Deepak (A50)">
INS Deepak (A50)

INS "Deepak" is a built by Fincantieri. "Deepak" was launched on 13 February 2010 and commissioned on 21 January 2011.
Design and description.
Capacity.
The Deepak-class tanker can carry of cargo, including tonnes of liquid cargo (water, ship and aircraft fuel) and tonnes of solid cargo (victuals and ammunition). It can handle 16 cargo containers on the upper deck and was equipped with an eight-bed hospital, with laboratory and X-ray facilities. The modern cargo handling facility on board the ship enables transfer of heavy solid cargo via a capacity deck crane, and simultaneous fueling of multiple ships at sea, and can refuel at the rate of per hour. Workshop facilities on the ship can support other ships of the fleet and it is capable of supporting heavy helicopters.
Service history.
"Deepak", along with INS Delhi took part in India-Brazil-South Africa Maritime (IBSAMAR 111) during October 2012. This ships docked at Durban for three days as part of the deployment.

</doc>
<doc id="31087604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087604" title="Netball in Tanzania">
Netball in Tanzania

Netball was one of the most popular sports in Tanzania. The sport was introduced to the country after the World War I, when the country was under British colonial rule. The sport was intended for leisure and first played in schools. For this reason, almost all primary schools in the country have a court. Recruitment for the national team and other high level teams started at that level. Netball Association of Tanzania (CHANETA) was created in 1966. Women have historically dominated in leadership positions in CHANETA but men are still involved, especially in roles like coaching. During the 1970s and 1980s, there was a push by the International Olympic Committee and the British Council to promote sport and women's sport in Tanzania. Despite netball being the most popular women's sport at the time, no investment was made into the sport.
Netball's popularity declined during the 1990s as a result of economic liberalisation. Courts were not maintained, leagues were closed and there were fewer competitions. Trying to raise netball's popularity in the country again has been hampered by the fact that sport is culturally more acceptable for men. Top level teams in the country, prior to the 1990s, have included Tanzania Harbour Authority, and Tanzania Postal and Telecommunication.
Tanzania's national team is called the Taifa Queens. In their opening match in the NTUC Fairprice Foundation Nations Cup 2010, against Singapore, they won 52-36. Mwanaidi Hassan was the team's star player in the tournament. Some of the top performances for the Tanzania national netball team include third place at the 2010 Nations Cup. As of January 2011, the women's national team was ranked number twenty-one in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="31087624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087624" title="Govind Kumar Singh">
Govind Kumar Singh

Govind Kumar Singh is an Indian fashion designer. He has appeared in two series of "Let's Design", a television reality show, and won the 2011 series.
Early life and career.
Singh is from the Supaul district of Bihar. He graduated from the National Institute of Fashion Technology (NIFT) in Bangalore, India.
Recognition.
Singh won the reality based competition "Let's Design" in 2011. As with all the other competitors in the series, he had to work with cotton to design an haute couture collection. In 2010 he won the Most Creative and Innovative Design Collection Award in the NIFT Graduation Fashion show. He also won an award for the best prêt garment in the first season of "Let's Design", 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="31087638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087638" title="Marypark">
Marypark

Marypark is a hamlet in Moray, Scotland. It is south-west of Charlestown of Aberlour on the A95 road in Strathspey. The Glenfarclas distillery is located to the east of the hamlet.

</doc>
<doc id="31087649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087649" title="Canton of Olargues">
Canton of Olargues

The Canton of Olargues is a subdivision of the French department of Hérault, and its subdivision, the Arrondissement of Béziers.
Municipalities.
It is composed of these communes:
History.
This Canton was revised in 2004, and is up for re-assessment in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31087653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087653" title="Netball in Trinidad and Tobago">
Netball in Trinidad and Tobago

Netball in Trinidad and Tobago is a popular sport.
International Competition.
Trinidad and Tobago hosted 1979 Netball World Championships
The Trinidad and Tobago national netball team won 3rd place in the 1979 Netball World Championships, and 3rd place in the 1983 Netball World Championships.
As of January 2011, the women's national team was ranked eighth in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="31087674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087674" title="1923 Daimler Airway de Havilland DH.34 crash">
1923 Daimler Airway de Havilland DH.34 crash

The 1923 Daimler Airway de Havilland DH.34 crash occurred on 14 September 1923 when a de Havilland DH.34 of Daimler Airway operating a scheduled domestic passenger flight from Croydon to Manchester crashed at Ivinghoe Beacon, Buckinghamshire, England, killing all five people on board.
Aircraft.
The accident aircraft was de Havilland DH.34 G-EBBS, c/n 29. It had entered service with Daimler Hire Limited on 6 March 1922.
Accident.
The flight was a scheduled domestic passenger flight from Croydon to Manchester. It was also reported to be carrying mail, although this was later denied by the General Post Office. Whilst flying over Buckinghamshire, a storm was encountered. Witnesses stated that an engine stopped, but was then restarted. It appeared to them that an emergency landing was going to be made at Ford End, Ivinghoe when the aircraft dived to the ground and crashed at Ivinghoe Beacon. The accident happened at about 18:05. The wreckage came to rest upside down, with both crew and all three passengers being killed. One witness reported hearing a violent explosion, but was not sure whether this was before the aircraft crashed or as a result of the crash.
Villagers extricated the victims from the wreckage. The deceased were taken to Ivinghoe Town Hall pending an inquest by the coroner. As a result of the crash, Daimler Airway temporarily suspended their service between Croydon and Manchester, due to having no aircraft to operate it.
The inquest opened on 17 September at Ivinghoe Town Hall. Evidence was given that the pilot was experienced, having flown for 755 hours, and that the aircraft was airworthy on departure from Croydon. It was carrying an adequate supply of fuel, having departed Croydon with of fuel against an estimated consumption of around . The aircraft could carry eight passengers, but as only three were on board of ballast was carried, as well as a quantity of mail. Witnesses reported that the aircraft stalled before crashing. The inquest was adjourned until 24 September.
At the resumed inquest, further evidence was given in respect of the ballast, which comprised a sack of sand weighing and a large stone weighing about . It was stated that the ballast was packed in such a way that it would not have moved in flight. The jury returned a verdict of "Accidental death" on all five victims. They agreed with the Coroner's suggestion that reports on investigations into aircraft accidents should be made available to the public, as was then the case with reports into railway accidents. This was something that "The Times" had called for in its issue of 19 September 1923, citing this accident and one that had occurred the previous month at East Malling, Kent.
Investigation.
An investigation was opened into the accident by the Accidents Investigation Branch of the Air Ministry, with Major Cooper in charge. The investigation concluded that the accident was caused by pilot error. The aircraft had stalled whilst a precautionary landing was being attempted.

</doc>
<doc id="31087675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087675" title="Netball in England">
Netball in England

In England, netball has been popular enough to be included as part of the physical education curriculum. Its inclusion had been at times controversial; during the 1910s and 1920s, schools worried about the potential negative impact of physical exercise like netball participation on the health of girls.
Below is a list including some of the top performances for the English national netball team:
As of January 2011, the women's national team was ranked number three in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="31087679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087679" title="Enron Corpus">
Enron Corpus

The Enron Corpus is a large database of over 600,000 emails generated by 158 employees of the Enron Corporation and acquired by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission during its investigation after the company's collapse. A copy of the database was subsequently purchased for $10,000 by Andrew McCallum, a computer scientist at the University of Massachusetts Amherst. He released this copy to researchers, providing a trove of data that has been used for studies on social networking and computer analysis of language. The corpus is "unique" in that it is one of the only publicly available mass collections of "real" emails easily available for study, as such collections are typically bound by numerous privacy and legal restrictions which render them prohibitively difficult to access.
In 2010, EDRM published a revised version 2 of the corpus. This expanded corpus, containing over 1.7 million messages, is now available on Amazon S3 for easy access to the research community. Jitesh Shetty and Jafar Adibi from the University of Southern California processed this corpus in 2004 and put a MySQL version of it and also published some link analysis results based on this.

</doc>
<doc id="31087703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087703" title="Maidstone Borough Council election, 2002">
Maidstone Borough Council election, 2002

The 2002 Maidstone Council election took place on 2 May 2002 to elect members of Maidstone Borough Council in Kent, England. The whole council was up for election with boundary changes since the last election in 2000. The council stayed under no overall control.
Background.
All 55 seats were being contested in the election after boundary changes were implemented. The boundary changes kept the number of seats the same at 55, but reduced the wards from 28 to 26.
139 candidates stood in the election, made up of 45 Conservatives, 42 Liberal Democrats, 29 Labour, 10 Green, 8 United Kingdom Independence Party and 5 independents.
Election result.
Overall turnout in the election was 31.7%.

</doc>
<doc id="31087705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087705" title="Phyllocharis undulata">
Phyllocharis undulata

Phyllocharis undulata is a species of leaf beetle, native to Southeast Asia. It is found in Laos, Cambodia, Vietnam, Peninsular Malaysia, Singapore, Java, Lombok and Timor. 
Description.
"Phyllocharis undulata" feeds on various species of "Clerodendrum" (Verbenaceae), including "Clerodendrum inerme", "Clerodendrum chinense" and "Clerodendrum calamitosum".
Pest control.
It has been considered as a biological control agent against "Clerodendrum chinense", which has become a serious noxious weed and invasive species on some Pacific Islands in the southwestern Pacific Ocean, including Samoa, Niue, and Fiji.

</doc>
<doc id="31087724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087724" title="2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Women's 3000 metres">
2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Women's 3000 metres

The Women's 3000 metres event at the 2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held at March 5–6 with the final being held on March 6 at 15:15 local time.
Results.
Heats.
First 4 in each heat and 4 best performers advanced to the Final.
Final.
The final was held at 15:15.

</doc>
<doc id="31087727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087727" title="Nikola Kovačević">
Nikola Kovačević

Nikola Kovačević (, born 14 February 1983 in Kraljevo, Serbia) is a Serbian volleyball player. As a member of Serbian national team he won gold medal of European Championship 2011, a bronze medal of European Championship in 2007 and 2013, two silver and one bronze medals of World League and a bronze medal of World Championship 2010.
Personal life.
He has two brothers - Savo and Uroš (born 1993), who is also a volleyball player. He is married to Jasmine. They have two daughters Mija and Emma.
Career.
Clubs.
In season 2012/2013 played for Polish club from PlusLiga - Asseco Resovia Rzeszów. He won with club from Poland Polish Championship. Next season spent in Russian Ural Ufa. On March 17, 2014 official site of Russian club announced that the contract with Kovacevic was terminated. The reason for the premature termination of contracts were financial problems of the club.

</doc>
<doc id="31087730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087730" title="Aston (band)">
Aston (band)

Aston is an Australian classical pop group from Sydney formed in 2009. The band consists of members who all have come out of the Sydney Conservatorium of Music: Eliza Morrison (Violin), Michael Bennett (Violin), Hanna Oblikov (Cello), Will Henderson (Guitar), Ella Jamieson (Piano) and Daniel Luscombe (Percussion). Aston was signed to Warner Music Group after uploading an instrumental cover of Lady Gaga's Telephone to YouTube which within a month was viewed by more than 670,000 people. The cover was the most viewed Australian music video of the year. Aston has also received support from celebrity blogger Perez Hilton who featured the band on his website.

</doc>
<doc id="31087731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087731" title="Putahi">
Putahi

Putahi is a 381 m high rhyolite dome, in the Kaikohe-Bay of Islands volcanic field in New Zealand. To the north of Putahi is Lake Omapere.

</doc>
<doc id="31087787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087787" title="2010 Montepaschi Strade Bianche">
2010 Montepaschi Strade Bianche

The 2010 Montepaschi Strade Bianche took place on 6 March 2010. It was the 4th edition of the international classic Montepaschi Strade Bianche. The previous edition was won by Thomas Löfkvist, who rode for 

</doc>
<doc id="31087794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087794" title="It's Love (album)">
It's Love (album)

"It's Love" is a 1955 studio album by Lena Horne, released by RCA Victor in monophonic in 1955, Horne's debut album for the company, and her first complete studio album. Lena Horne's previous album releases, from RCA Victor and Black & White Records, were collections of 78rpm singles issued as sets of three of four singles, with the introduction of the 33.3rpm album by Columbia in 1948, this format soon became obsolete. Re-issued on CD twice, in mono sound. Firstly in 1999 by RCA Victor, Japan and a UK release in 2004, together with the 1960 album; "Songs by Burke and Van Heusen"

</doc>
<doc id="31087799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087799" title="Autorité de sûreté nucléaire">
Autorité de sûreté nucléaire

The Autorité de sûreté nucléaire (, ASN) is an independent French administrative authority set up by law 2006-686 of 13 June 2006 concerning nuclear transparency and safety. Its task, on behalf of the State, is to regulate nuclear safety and radiation protection in order to protect workers, patients, the public and the environment from the risks involved in nuclear activities. It also contributes to informing the citizens.
The president of the ASN is André-Claude Lacoste who is also a founding member and has been chairman of the International Nuclear Regulators’ Association (INRA) and the Western European Nuclear Regulators’ Association (WENRA). He is also the chairman of the Commission on Safety Standards (CSS) of the IAEA.
During the events regarding the Fukushima I nuclear power plant, the ASN stated that they believed the events unfolding should be rated a 5 or even a 6 on the International Nuclear Event Scale when the Japan Atomic Energy Agency had listed them a day before as a level 4 event. Later on they said they believed the situation had surpassed that of a level 5 event and moved to a level 6. Their opinion was shared by the Finnish nuclear authorities.

</doc>
<doc id="31087811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087811" title="FC Tevragh-Zeina">
FC Tevragh-Zeina

Football Club Tevragh-Zeina is a Mauritanean football club based in the Tevragh-Zeina district of Nouakchott. The club was founded in 2005.
History.
In 2009, ASC Tevragh-Zeïna reached the final of the Coupe du Président de la République but lost to ASAC Concorde 5–4 on penalties after the game ended 0–0. In 2010, they won the competition, beating FC Feu Mini 3–0 in the final. By winning the Cup, they qualified for the 2011 CAF Confederation Cup.
On February 28, 2011, Tevragh-Zeïna became the first club from Mauritania since 1994 to advance in continental competition after beating AS Real Bamako of Mali 1–0 on aggregate in the preliminary round of the 2011 CAF Confederation Cup. However, they were eliminated in the following round after losing 3–1 on aggregate to JS Kabylie of Algeria.

</doc>
<doc id="31087819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087819" title="Narcisse Chaillou">
Narcisse Chaillou

Narcisse Chaillou (March 12, 1835 – 1916) was a French painter famous for his genre scenes of Paris and Brittany life.
He moved to Paris in 1870 and became the student of Léon Bonnat (1833–1922), Ernest Hébert (1817–1908) et Jean-Baptiste-Camille Corot (1796–1875). He exhibited her works in many French Salons, among them the Salon de Paris and the Salon des artistes français. He moved to Brittany in 1880. The artworks of Narcisse Chaillou belong to the public collections and museums in the cities of Rennes, Nantes, Morlaix and Vitré. 
The painter died in Guémémé-sur-Scorff (Brittany) in 1916.

</doc>
<doc id="31087832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087832" title="Scott Cary">
Scott Cary

Scott Russell Cary (April 4, 1923 – February 28, 2011), Nicknamed "Red", was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for the Washington Senators in 1947. He went 3–1 with a 5.93 earned run average in 23 games as a pitcher, starting 3 games.
Personal.
Cary was one of 10 children born to John and Ruby (Riehm) Cary. On January 19, 1946, he married Mary Hurley in Sturgis; they raised six children on a farm in East Gilead.
He was inducted into the Fort Wayne Baseball Hall of Fame in 1977. He was a baseball coach for the Bronson Little League and the Babe Ruth Baseball programs. 

</doc>
<doc id="31087838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087838" title="Khin Maung Swe">
Khin Maung Swe

Khin Maung Swe (), 67, is the leader of the National Democratic Force (NDF) in Burma, a political party formed by former members of detained pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi's disbanded National League for Democracy (NLD). After the NLD decided to boycott Burma's general elections in 2010, Khin Maung Swe and a few other leading NLD members created the new party to contest the controversial polls. His party won only 16 out of 161 parliamentary seats it contested With other democratic parties, NDF complained to the Burmese government of widespread vote rigging.

</doc>
<doc id="31087842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087842" title="Washington Chamber Symphony">
Washington Chamber Symphony

The Washington Chamber Symphony (WCS) was an American chamber orchestra based in Washington, D.C. which was active during the last quarter of the 20th century. Founded in 1976 by conductor Stephen Simon, the orchestra was originally titled the Handel Festival Orchestra. Initially the orchestra was essentially the resident ensemble for the annual Handel Festival at the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts. However, as time went on the orchestra began to expand its repertoire beyond Handel into a broad range of works from a variety of musical periods, including contemporary works. When the Kennedy Center's Handel Festival ceased in 1987, the orchestra changed its name to the Washington Chamber Symphony and continued to offer an annual concert series at the Kennedy Center Terrace Theater. The orchestra disbanded suddenly in July 2002, citing post 9/11 financial difficulties as the reason.
In addition to their chamber orchestra series at the Kennedy Center, the Washington Chamber Symphony produced very popular concerts for families. Many of their "Stories in Music" concerts from the Kennedy Center Concert Hall have now been recorded with the London Philharmonic Orchestra, Stephen Simon, conductor, Yadu, narrator, under the Maestro Classics label and the series has won over 50 national awards.

</doc>
<doc id="31087858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087858" title="Rodd Partridge">
Rodd Partridge

Rodd Partridge (born 30 December 1976) is an Australian born retailer and private investor.
Partridge is regarded as intensely private and somewhat reclusive, his only recent media interview was with Spanish newspaper Cinco Dias after his group's acquisition of the retailing group SEPU. Partridge currently heads Invicta Partners, a private equity firm based in Sydney, Australia, and he is understood to hold a number of investments throughout the Pacific and South America. Partridge closed the Spanish retail operations in 2002, facing intensive protests from employees and extensive media coverage.
Personal.
Partridge is known to fence, surf and be a strong supporter of the Rugby Union code. One of Partridge's quirks is that although his enterprises often retail alcohol, Partridge himself is, by personal choice, a strict teetotaler. 
Originally a military and pastoral family, it is understood Partridge's ancestors arrived in Australia from the United Kingdom in 1814.
Partridge holds a Master of Business from the University of Newcastle, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="31087861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087861" title="Aveau Niko Palamo">
Aveau Niko Palamo

Aveau Tuala Lepale Niko Faitala Palamo is a Samoan politician and member of the Legislative Assembly of Samoa. He is a member of the Tautua Samoa Party and represents the constituency of Faleata East.
Aveau is a former Manu Samoa 15s and 7s rugby coach. He was first elected to parliament of the Independent State of Samoa in the 2011 election. Aveau beat 3 other candidates from the villages of Vaimoso, Lepea and Vailoa to gain the seat, with a convincing win of more than 200 votes over the second place candidate from Lepea. 
Aveau hopes to improve the quality of living in Faleata East by focusing on aspects such as education, agriculture and generating jobs for the public.

</doc>
<doc id="31087884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087884" title="Nicholas White (disambiguation)">
Nicholas White (disambiguation)

Nicholas White may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31087890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087890" title="East Paulding High School Theatre Company">
East Paulding High School Theatre Company

East Paulding High School Theatre Company is a part of the Paulding County School District. It is located at 3320 East Paulding Drive, Dallas, Georgia, United States. The school was opened as the second high school in the district in 1992 with an enrollment of around 800.

</doc>
<doc id="31087893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087893" title="2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Women's 60 metres">
2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Women's 60 metres

The Women's 60 metres event at the 2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held at March 5–6, 2011 with the final at March 6 at 16:40.
Results.
Heats.
First 3 in each heat and 4 best performers advanced to the Semifinals.
Semifinals.
First 4 in each heat advanced to the Final.
Final.
The final was held at 16:40.

</doc>
<doc id="31087897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087897" title="Myingyan Prison">
Myingyan Prison

Myingyan Prison in Myingyan District was known as the most infamous detention center among Burma's political prisoners for its atrocities from early 1990s to October 1999 when the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) was granted an access to the prison. Before the ICRC visit, several political prisoners lost their lives due to starvation and torture.
Currently, a number of political prisoners including the ex-military intelligence officials are still serving long prison sentences and only three political detainees from the prison were released on April 17, 2011 when the new government granted an amnesty reducing the prison sentences by one year. 
Most prominent political prisoners are KIA commando Zaw Saing, ex-Gen Khing Aung, ex-Gen Thein Swe and Myo Min Htike, a student activist serving a 53-year jail term since 1998. 

</doc>
<doc id="31087907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087907" title="Yevpatoria Airport">
Yevpatoria Airport

Yevpatoria Airport ""Yevpatoria aircraft repair plant"" (, ) is an airport in Yevpatoria, Ukraine. The airport is located just east of the city.
History and development.
The State enterprise of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine “"Evpatoria aircraft repair plant"” (Also known as EARZ) was founded on November 25, 1939 (took roots in 1926). On November 12, 1991 passenger aircraft Yak-42 landed at the aerodrome “Evpatoria”. From that moment the plant became the first military enterprise that was allowed to repair civil aircraft.
The plant has relations with India, Angola, Bulgaria, Mexico, Columbia and various air companies of the world.
Since 1995 the plant has maintained relations with the Antonov Design Bureau. One result of such a cooperation was mastering of An-12 maintenance by EARZ specialists. Then, in 1999, the plant began the mastering of periodic maintenance and works on maintenance certification of aircraft An-24, An-26 and An-32. Volume of production in 1999 increased in comparison with 1998 by 3.2 times.
Evpatoria aircraft repair plant has appropriate certificates for performing works on civil aircraft.
In 2002 Quality Management System was applied on the plant in accordance with national and international standards ISO 9000, AS 9000, national and international Aviation Regulations.
Plans.
To implement the General Plan of city of Evpatoria, as well as the Strategic Plan for Economic and Social Development of Evpatoria for the period up to 2015, state-owned enterprise of the Ministry of Defence of Ukraine Evpatoria aircraft repair plant in conjunction with the Directorate of Investment Policy and Foreign Economic Relations of Evpatoria city council developed the concept of business project plan to build in Evpatoria Airport .
Executive Committee in accordance with the decision of the City Council sent a letter to the Minister of Defence with the request to transfer to communal ownership of the territorial community of the city of Evpatoria runway with the adjacent military airfield taxiway grade 2.
The aim of this project is to create high-tech enterprise, which in the long term can serve multimodule passenger and freight node Western Crimea.

</doc>
<doc id="31087908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087908" title="Rangaunu Harbour">
Rangaunu Harbour

Rangaunu Harbour is a shallow harbour in the far north of New Zealand. It is situated on the east coast at the base of the Aupouri Peninsula. The name in Māori means "To pull out a shoal of fish". With an area of it is the fifth-largest harbour in New Zealand.
Geography.
The harbour entrance is a wide channel to Rangaunu Bay to the north. The eastern side of the harbour is a wide tombolo separating it from Doubtless Bay and connecting the hillier Karikari Peninsula to the mainland.
The small settlement of Rangiputa sits on the eastern side of the harbour entrance, and Kaimaumau is located on the western shore about southwest of the entrance. Unahi, at the mouth of the Awanui River, has a wharf and a fish processing plant which is now closed.
An extensive wetland, the Waihuahua swamp lies to the west of the harbour, north of Kaimaumau.
The harbour has extensive areas of mangroves, tidal sand flats and areas of eelgrass, plus several small islands, with deeper channels between.
A number of rivers flow into the harbour. Clockwise from the entrance, these are:
Ecology.
Rangaunu harbour contains about 15% of the mangrove habitat in New Zealand. It is a habitat of international significance for migratory wading birds, with 10,000 birds of approximately 70 species using the harbour in the autumn. Birds observed to nest in the area include NZ dotterels, variable oystercatchers, black-backed gulls, red-billed gulls, white-fronted terns, Caspian terns, black shags, little shags, pied shags, pied stilts, white-faced herons, ducks and swans.
Dolphins visit the harbor. Other cetacean species such as Humpback whales, Bryde's whales, Sperm whales, Killer whales, Pilot whales, and False killer whales are known to come into Rangaunu Bay and around Karikari Peninsula, but very few whales actually appear into Rangaunu Harbour. The harbor environment is an ideal habitat for Southern right whales, and Rangaunu harbor might once have been a resting/calving ground for these coast-hugging whales.
Rangaunu harbor hosts a population of Green sea turtles that are seasonal migrants into the harbor water regularly. Whale sharks have been seen in the harbor with slow but increasing regularities.

</doc>
<doc id="31087913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087913" title="Jimmy Choux">
Jimmy Choux

Jimmy Choux (foaled 10 October 2007) is a New Zealand thoroughbred racehorse. On 5 March 2011, he won the 136th running of the New Zealand Derby. In doing so, he became the first horse since Surfers Paradise in 1990 to win both the New Zealand 2000 Guineas and the New Zealand Derby.
A Group 2 winner and twice Group 1 placed as a two-year-old, Jimmy Choux's 2010-2011 season was among the most successful by a New Zealand three-year-old in recent history. As well as capturing the country's two biggest three-year-old races, the 2000 Guineas and the Derby, Jimmy Choux easily won the Hawke's Bay Guineas, Great Northern Guineas, Wellington Stakes and Waikato Guineas.
Some cast doubts over the prospects of Jimmy Choux in the Derby because his pedigree suggested that 2400m should be well beyond his capabilities. There was little evidence in his pedigree that Jimmy Choux would be able to run any further than a mile. But he proved his stamina, to win the Derby by two lengths.
After his NZ Derby win, Jimmy Choux traveled to Australia. His first start there resulted in a Group One victory in the Rosehill Guineas, confirming his status as one of Australasia's best three-year-olds. He started a short-priced favourite in the AJC Australian Derby but finished sixth in his final races as a three year-old. He was awarded New Zealand Horse of the Year for the 2010/11 season.
Jimmy Choux resumed as a four year old, on 27 August 2011, with a second placing in the Challenge Stakes at Hastings. He then won the Windsor Park Plate and the Spring Classic, his fourth and fifth Group 1 wins, confirming his status as one of the favourites for the Cox Plate.
Jimmy Choux started second favourite in the 2011 Cox Plate. He sat just off the pace and gained a clear lead around the final turn, before being run down late by Pinker Pinker to finish second. He then ran fourth as topweight in the Emirates Stakes, before closing his campaign with a sixth placing in the Hong Kong Mile.
Jimmy Choux resumed racing in April 2012 in the Easter Handicap at Ellerslie, where he finished a creditable seventh under 61 kg. However, he was well-beaten at his next start in the Queen Elizabeth Stakes at Randwick, and was subsequently retired from racing.
Jimmy Choux was retired to Rich Hill Stud in Matamata, where he will stand for a service fee of $10,000.

</doc>
<doc id="31087934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087934" title="Gerry Gersten">
Gerry Gersten

Gerry Gersten (born 1927, New York City) was a prolific, and renowned political caricaturist. 
He grew up in the Bronx, born to Polish Jewish immigrant parents who didn't believe in his calling. “I remember once picking up a copy of Life magazine and saying to them, ‘A page in this magazine would cost an advertiser $50,000, of course you can make a living in this field,’” he recalls. “But I couldn’t convince them. They wanted me to be an accountant.”
Gersten studied at the Cooper Union Art School, and Cooper School of Design, before establishing his career as a caricaturist. He drew hundreds of illustrations for publications such as "The New York Times", "New York Magazine", "Sports Illustrated", "Time", "Newsweek", "Harpers", "Rolling Stone", "Esquire", "Harper's" and "Playboy". His work also adorned many record covers for RCA.
On March 29, 1973 his work adorned the cover of "Rolling Stone", with a lively depiction of Dr. Hook & the Medicine Show.
In 1986, he began work for MAD Magazine, drawing political caricatures of public figures, for MAD's brand of satire.
Through these notable assignments, Gersten gained international acclaim, and has collected awards from The Society of Illustrators, The Art Director's Club, and The Society of Publication Designers. His work has been exhibited at the Brooklyn Museum, the Spectrum Gallery, the Daz-marcel Gallery in New York, various galleries in Connecticut, the Museum of American Illustration, and the Cornell Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="31087939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087939" title="Western Academy Broadcasting College">
Western Academy Broadcasting College

Western Academy Broadcasting College commonly abbreviated as WABC, is a broadcasting college in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan. The college is known for graduates such as TSN's Darren Dreger and Darren Dutchyshen, as well as Sportsnet's Daren Millard and Peter Loubardias.

</doc>
<doc id="31087949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087949" title="2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Men's heptathlon">
2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Men's heptathlon

The Men's heptathlon event at the 2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held at March 5 and 6.
Results.
60 m.
The heats were held at 9:00.
Long Jump.
The event was held at 9:40.
Shot Put.
The event was held at 11:30.
High Jump.
The event was held at 16:30.
60 m Hurdles.
The heats were held at 9:45.
Pole Vault.
The event was held at 10:30.
1000 m.
The race was held at 15:00.
Final standings.
After the seven disciplines this was the final standing.

</doc>
<doc id="31087950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087950" title="Nikolina">
Nikolina

Nikolina is the name of

</doc>
<doc id="31087953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087953" title="Christopher Davies (sailor)">
Christopher Davies (sailor)

Christopher Davies (born 29 June 1946) is a British sailor. He won a gold medal in the "Flying Dutchman Class" with Rodney Pattisson at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
He now sails at Portchester Sailing club, within the upper reaches of Portsmouth Harbour. He currently sails a Solo or a Siren with his wife Ingrid.

</doc>
<doc id="31087974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087974" title="ADP National Employment Report">
ADP National Employment Report

The ADP National Employment Report (also popularly known as the ADP Jobs Report or ADP Employment Report) is sponsored by ADP, and was originally developed and maintained by Macroeconomic Advisers, LLC. The report's methodology was revised in November 2012 by Moody's Analytics. The report is a measure of non-farm private sector employment which is obtained by utilizing an anonymous subset of roughly 400,000 U.S. businesses which are clients of ADP. During the twelve-month period, this subset averaged over U.S. business clients and over U.S. employees working in all private industrial sectors.
Similar indices are created by Paychex and Intuit for Small Business.
The Paychex | IHS Small Business Jobs Index
With small businesses representing nearly 95 percent of all employers in the U.S., the Paychex | IHS Small Business Jobs Index serves as an indicator of the overall economy, providing a monthly, up-to-date measure of change in small business employment. The data for the jobs index comes from a subset of the Paychex client base, approximately 350,000 businesses with less than 50 workers in the U.S. - See more at: http://www.paychex.com/jobs-index/#sthash.BCU1Ty3S.dpuf
Intuit Small Business Indexes 
Our indexes are designed to provide statistically sound data and insight into small business trends and behavior. We collect actual data from Intuit software users, analyze the numbers, and publish monthly so you can follow the pulse of small business today. 
http://index.intuit.com/

</doc>
<doc id="31087991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31087991" title="Yves Pajot">
Yves Pajot

Yves Pajot (born 20 April 1952) is a French sailor. He won a silver medal in the "Flying Dutchman Class" with his brother Marc at the 1972 Summer Olympics. In 1987 he competed at the Louis Vuitton Cup .

</doc>
<doc id="31088003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088003" title="Cyril Heppleston">
Cyril Heppleston

Cyril Heppleston, (1912 - 1966) was an English cyclist from Bradford who broke the 100-mile, 200-mile and 12-hour competition records in 1937, and was the only man to beat 250 miles in 12 hours in open competition. He was regarded as 'among the greatest English unpaced time-trial riders.
Heppleston won the Best All-Rounder competition for 1937 with the record average of 22.348mph. His achievements were celebrated in 1938 when Cycling Weekly awarded him a page in the Golden Book of Cycling.
Career.
Heppleston was born in Bradford 1912 and worked as an electrical engineer. At 19 (c.1929) he joined Bradford Victoria CC and the following year moved to the Yorkshire Road Club. In 1934 he won his first open event and finished 55th in the 'Best All-rounder' Competition. In 1935 he came 23rd. In 1936 he was the only man to exceed 250 miles in 12 hours in open competition on the road.
In 1937 Heppleston broke the 100-mile, 200-mile and 12-hour records and was again the only man to exceed 250 miles in 12 hours in open competition on the road. He won the Best All-Rounder competition with the record average of 22.348mph: 50 miles in 2h 7m 29s; 100m in 4h 26m 9s, and 12 hours - 251⅝m. Heppleston's world record 24-hours ride of 478½m survived until Hubert Opperman beat it in Melbourne on 5 December 1939.
In 1939, as a professional for Hercules, he took 16 minutes off the Edinburgh-London record, riding on a diet that included a soup with raw egges.
The Golden Book.
Cyril Heppleston's achievements were celebrated in 1937 when Cycling Weekly awarded him a page in the Golden Book of Cycling, now held in The Pedal Club archive.

</doc>
<doc id="31088004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088004" title="Sava Miladinovic Bento">
Sava Miladinovic Bento

Sava Miladinović Bento (born 2 January 1991) is a Portuguese-Serbian footballer who plays for FC Luzern, as a midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="31088014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088014" title="Gopal Chandra Mukhopadhyay">
Gopal Chandra Mukhopadhyay

Gopal Chandra Mukhopadhyay () (1913–2001), popularly known as "Gopal Patha" (), was an Indian muscleman who raised Bharat Jatiya Bahini to protect the Hindu people from the Muslim League goons during the Great Calcutta Killings.
Early life.
Gopal was born in a Bengali Hindu family of Malanga Lane in the Bowbazar of Kolkata. He was the nephew of revolutionary Anukul Chandra Mukhopadhyay. He was known by his nickname 'Patha' (goat, in Bengali), because his family ran a meat shop in College Street.
Partition riots.
In defence of Hindu society.
On the morning of 16 August, Gopal heard of trouble in the city while he was on his way to shop. He rushed back to his locality where he saw Muslim League volunteers marching with long sticks in their hands. When the news of Hindus being killed reached him, he assembled his men and ordered them to retaliate, answer brutality with brutality. He clearly instructed that for one murder committed, they should commit ten murders. He recruited Basanta, a muscleman from Beadon Street to repulse the Muslim League mobs.
The Bahini volunteers armed themselves with knives, swords, cleavers, sticks and rods. Gopal himself had two American-made 0.45 bore pistols along with some grenades. He had procured the pistols in post-War Kolkata from the American soldiers posted in the city. Some of the weapons used by the Bahini men were procured during the Quit India Movement.
After a few days of rioting, when the Muslim Leaguers realized that they had incurred heavy casualties, they proposed peace. G.G.Ajmiri, leader of the student's wing of Muslim League along with Mujibur Rahman, a member of the Muslim National Guard and a boxer and strongman himself, requested Gopal to stop the bloodshed.
Refusal to surrender to Gandhi.
In 1947, Mohandas Gandhi came to Kolkata and urged the Hindus to harbour any ill feeling towards the Muslims and appealled to them to surrender all their arms to him. Mohandas twice made a personal request to Gopal, but he didn't respond. The third time some Congress leader requested him to surrender at least some of his arms at Gandhi's feet. When Gandhi's secretary asked him why doesn't he surrender his arms to Gandhi, he replied,
Political connection.
Gopal was an admirer and a staunch supporter of Subhas Chandra Bose. Coming from a family with a revolutionary background he didn't believe in Gandhian non-violence. He believed that India could only become independent by ousting the British by force. Though he didn't accept the leadership of Gandhi, he was close to some Congress leaders, among whom the foremost was Dr. Bidhan Chandra Roy. Gopal though maintained all along that his close relationship Dr. Bidhan Chandra Roy was more personal than political.
Later life.
During the riots Gopal and Bharat Jatiya Bahini were hailed as saviours, however after the riots, Gopal and his men were looked down upon with social contempt. This led Gopal and his men into organized crime. Gopal became involved in dacoities like the Sonarpur Dacoity and the Guinea Mansion Dacoity. In his later life, Gopal became a social worker and ran a charity named National Relief Centre for Destitutes. He also started a community Durga Puja in his locality. During the Puja festivities, people flock to visit the famous Puja started by him.

</doc>
<doc id="31088038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088038" title="Calcaneal nerve branches">
Calcaneal nerve branches

The calcaneal nerve branches refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31088039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088039" title="Salon des Tuileries">
Salon des Tuileries

The Salon des Tuileries was an annual art exhibition for painting and sculpture, created June 14, 1923, co-founded by painter Albert Besnard, sculptor Antoine Bourdelle, architect Auguste Perret, and others. 
The first year's exhibition was conducted in former barracks at the Porte Maillot of the city gates of Paris, in a "Palais du Bois" (wooden palace) hastily constructed by the Perret brothers. Its location varied afterwards. The Salon, together with the 1884 Société des Artistes Indépendants, the 1903 Salon d'Automne and others, was organized in opposition to the Academy's official Salon system. Annual exhibitions continued at least into the 1950s.
Participating artists.
Participating artists included:

</doc>
<doc id="31088043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088043" title="2011 New Zealand Derby">
2011 New Zealand Derby

The 2011 New Zealand Derby was a horse race which took place at Ellerslie Racecourse on Saturday 5 March 2011. It was the 136th running of the New Zealand Derby, and it was won by Jimmy Choux.
The lead-up to the race was dominated by Jimmy Choux, with the Hawke's Bay colt seeking to become the first horse in more than 20 years to win both the New Zealand 2000 Guineas and the Derby.
Unlike some years, there was no doubt over who was the best horse in the 2011 New Zealand Derby field. Jimmy Choux had an extraordinary 2010-11 season, winning the Hawke's Bay Guineas, 2000 Guineas, Great Northern Guineas, Wellington Stakes and Waikato Guineas to secure hot Derby favouritism. His only defeats were when he was beaten by a nose by Fiddler in the Wanganui Guineas on a very heavy track in his first start of the season, and in the Levin Classic, where he was eased out to finish a long last due to cardiac arrhythmia. 
But while there were no arguments over his class, many doubted whether Jimmy Choux could sustain that brilliance and clear superiority over 2400m. His pedigree certainly suggested he would be restricted to races over no more than a mile.
Those doubts were proven unfounded in the most spectacular manner. Jimmy Choux was well back early in the race, then made a sudden and early move on the point of the home turn. He briefly looked vulnerable early in the run home, having already used up his customary turn of foot. Placegetters Historian and On The Level appeared to be rapidly gaining on the favourite. But Jimmy Choux was able to kick again inside the final 100m, drawing away to a comfortable two-length win.
Winner's details.
Further details of the winner, Jimmy Choux:
The road to the Derby.
Early-season appearances in 2010-11 prior to running in the Derby.
Subsequent Group 1 wins.
Subsequent wins at Group 1 level by runners in the 2011 New Zealand Derby.

</doc>
<doc id="31088050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088050" title="Marc Pajot">
Marc Pajot

Marc Pajot is a famous French sailor, born September 21, 1953 in La Baule (South Brittany, France) father of four children. He has been a crew member on Éric Tabarly’s boats.
Noted for winning the Silver medal at the 1972 Olympics at 19 with is older brother Yves, 5 times world champion, winner of the cross-Atlantic Route du Rhum, twice semi-finalist representing France at the America’s Cup as a Project Manager and Skipper, he has been representing sailing French excellence around the world.
Member of French Maritime Academy, the French Yacht Club, and the Monaco Yacht Club he is now settled in Cannes, Côte d’Azur, running a Yacht Selection activity and a consulting activity in marina landscaping.
A distinguished sailor.
From the age of 14 to 23, with his brother Yves.
Marc Pajot accumulates national and international titles :
10 years competing on the oceans.
Marc Pajot sets out to conquer the oceans under the wing of Eric Tabarly and crosses the Cap Horn at the age of 20 during the first team race around the world, the Whitbread (See Volvo Ocean Race) in 1973.
He sets the professional standards for high seas regattas by promoting his sponsors, amongst which "Paul Ricard" and "Elf Aquitaine" with whom he will lead on to accomplish extraordinary performances.
He takes the 2nd place in 1979 at the double handed transatlantic race Lorient-Burmuda-Lorient with the hydrofoil "Paul Ricard".
Elf Aquitaine – Titan of the seas.
His Elf Aquitaine catamarans - will enable him to accomplish a series of performances between 1980 and 1983:
Marc Pajot has so far crossed 15 times the Atlantic ocean as a skipper, crew member, or single handed.
The America’s Cup.
As a project manager, Skipper and helmsman, Marc Pajot has been able to federate the best in the profession, sponsors, naval architects, engineers, tacticians and crew, to run after the America’s Cup for four challenges: 
Twice he succeeded in skippering the French challenge to the semi-finals of the Louis Vuitton Cup.
During those 25 years of competitions, Marc Pajot has managed and overseen the conception and creation of over 15 boats from 45 to 100 ft.
Other area's within the sailing world.
Since 2000 Marc Pajot has also become a yacht broker providing yacht selection services and does consultancy in Marina landscaping around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="31088061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088061" title="Adrien Deghelt">
Adrien Deghelt

Adrien Deghelt (born 10 May 1985) is a Belgian hurdler.
Biography.
As a junior Deghelt won the silver medal at the 2007 European U23 Championships. He competed at the 2007 World Championships, the 2008 World Indoor Championships, the 2009 World Championships and the 2010 World Indoor Championships without reaching the final. He then won the bronze medal at the 2011 European Indoor Championships.
Deghelt's personal best is 13.55 seconds, achieved in July 2009 in Oordegem. In the 60 metres hurdles he has 7.57 seconds, achieved at the 2011 European Indoor Championships.
He is coached by Jonathan Nsenga.

</doc>
<doc id="31088067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088067" title="On My Level">
On My Level

"On My Level" is a song by American rapper Wiz Khalifa, released as the first promotional, and later third official single from his debut studio album, "Rolling Papers" (2011). It features American rapper Too Short. The song was written by Wiz Khalifa, Too Short, James Scheffer, Danny Morris and produced by Jim Jonsin.
It was later sent to urban contemporary radio stations on May 28, 2011. The song debuted, and peaked at number fifty-two on the "Billboard" Hot 100, becoming Wiz Khalifa's fourth-highest charting single in the United States. The song has been certified gold by the RIAA.
Chart performance.
The song debuted at number fifty-two on the "Billboard" Hot 100, then dropped to number ninety-six before falling off the chart. After being released as an official single, it has re-entered at number seventy-nine, and reached number seventy-eight.
Music Video.
A music video was released for the song. It had both Wiz Khalifa and Too $hort, and featured cameos by Nipsey Hussle and DJ Drama.

</doc>
<doc id="31088086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088086" title="Statute of Frauds Amendment Act 1828">
Statute of Frauds Amendment Act 1828

The Statute of Frauds Amendment Act 1828 (9 Geo 4 c 14), commonly known as Lord Tenterden's Act, is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
Preamble.
The preamble provided that by Limitation Act 1623 and similar act passed in Ireland various questions have arisen in actions founded on simple contract, as to the proof and effect of acknowledgments and promises offered in evidence for the purpose of taking cases out of the operation of these acts; and it is expedient to prevent such questions, and to make provision for giving effect to the said acts and to the intention thereof
The preamble was omitted by the Statute Law Revision Act 1890.
Section 1.
Section 1 provides that in actions of debt or upon the case grounded upon any simple contract no oral acknowledgment or promise shall be deemed sufficient evidence of a new or continuing contract, whereby to take any case out of the operation of the above acts acts, or to deprive any party of the benefit thereof, unless such acknowledgment or promise shall be in some writing signed by the party chargeable thereby; and that where there shall be two or more joint contractors, no such joint contractor shall lose the benefit of the above acts, so as to be chargeable in respect or by reason only of any written acknowledgment or promise made and signed by any other of them, and that nothing in this section shall alter or take away or lessen the effect of any payment of any principal or interest made by any person, and that in actions to be commenced against two or more such joint contractors, if it shall appear that the plaintiff, though barred by either of the above acts or this act, as to one or more of such joint contractors, shall nevertheless be entitled to recover against any other or others of the defendants, by virtue of a new acknowledgment or promise, judgment may be given the plaintiff as to such defendants against whom he shall recover, and for the other defendants against the plaintiff.
This section was repealed by the Schedule to the Limitation Act 1939.
Section 2.
Section 2 provides that if any defendant in any action on any simple contract shall make a plea in abatement, to the effect that any other person ought to be jointly sued, and it shall appear that the action could not, by reason of the said above acts or this act be maintained against the other person named in such plea, the issue joined on such plea shall be found against the party pleading.
This section was repealed by the Statute Law Revision Act 1890.
Section 3.
That no indorsement or memorandum of any payment written or made upon any promissory note, bill of exchange, or other writing, by the party to whom such payment shall be made, shall be deemed sufficient proof of such payment, so as to take the case out of the operation the above acts.
This section was repealed by the Schedule to the Limitation Act 1939.
Section 4.
This section provided that the above acts and this act shall apply in case of debt or simple contract asserted as a defense of set-off.
This section was repealed by the Schedule to the Limitation Act 1939.
Section 5.
This section provided that no action shall be maintained upon any promise made after full age to pay any debt contracted during infancy, or upon any ratification after full age of any contract made during infancy, unless made by writing signed by the party to be charged.
This section was repealed by the Statute Law Revision Act 1875.
Section 6.
This section was enacted to prevent section 4 of the Statute of Frauds being circumvented bringing an action for the tort of deceit (the tort in Freeman v Palsey), by requiring the representation of credit be in writing signed by the party charged.
Section 7.
This section provided that the Statute of Frauds relaling to contract for the sale of goods for the price of ten pounds sterling or more shall cover goods to be delivered in the future, not yet manufactured, or not yet fit for delivery. It is also applicable to the Statute of Frauds 1695 in Ireland.
This section was repealed by the Schedule to the Sale of Goods Act 1893.
Section 8.
This section provided that writings required by this act were not agreement subject to stamp duty.
This section was repealed by the Schedule to the Limitation Act 1939.
Section 9.
This section provides that this Act shall not extend to Scotland.
Section 10.
This section provided that this Act commenced and took effect on 1 January 1829.
This section was repealed by the Statute Law Revision Act 1873.

</doc>
<doc id="31088090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088090" title="Konstadinos Douvalidis">
Konstadinos Douvalidis

Konstadinos Douvalidis (born 10 March 1987) is a Greek hurdler.
Biography.
He was born in Drama and his American father is from Atlanta. As a junior he won the silver medal at the 2005 European Athletics Championships, the bronze medal at the 2006 World Junior Championships and the gold medal at the 2007 European U23 Championships. He competed at the 2007 World Championships, the 2008 Olympic Games, the 2009 European Indoor Championships and the 2010 European Championships without reaching the final.

</doc>
<doc id="31088095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088095" title="Lü Ronghuan">
Lü Ronghuan

Lu Ronghuan (; Hepburn: "Ryo Eikan"; 1890–1946), was a politician in the early Republic of China who subsequently served in a number of Cabinet posts of the Empire of Manchukuo.
Biography.
A native of Fushun Liaoning Province, Lü studied law at the Jiangsu Provincial University, returning to Shenyang in Manchuria to establish a legal office. In subsequently served in local government, becoming vice-chairman of the Fengtian Provincial Assembly and serving as a director on the Chinese Eastern Railway.
In 1923, Lü was commissioned by the Fengtian clique warlord, Zhang Zuolin as a special envoy to Moscow, where he negotiated a treaty between Manchuria and the Soviet Union. He was appointed governor of the Chinese Eastern Railway in 1928, but lost his position after the death of Zhang Zuolin and the military defeat of his son Zhang Xueliang.
After the Mukden Incident of 1931, Lü was recruited by Japanese spymaster Colonel Kenji Doihara to serve on the Self-Government Guiding Board, to determine the future structure of the new State of Manchukuo. In August 1932, he served as chairman of the Harbin city assembly, succeeding Bao Guancheng.
From July 1933 to May 1935, Lü was asked to serve as Governor of Harbin Special Municipality. Also from November 1934 to May 1935, he was concurrently Governor of Binjiang Province. In March 1935, Lü accepted the cabinet-level post of Minister of Civil Affairs of the Empire of Manchukuo, which he held to May 1937. From May–July 1937, he served as Minister of Enterprises, until that post was merged into the Ministry of Industries. He continued as Minister of Industries from July 1937 to May 1940. He then returned to his former post as Minister of Civil Affairs from May 1940 to January 1941. In January 1941, he was sent as a special envoy to the Reorganized National Government of China, remaining in Nanjing until 1944. After his return to Hsinking, he served with the Foreign Ministry as a special envoy, and retired from public life in 1945.
Following the Soviet invasion of Manchuria, Lü attempted to organize a civil defense committee to maintain public order, but was captured by Soviet Red Army and held in custody in Siberia. He died while incarcerated in Siberia of illness at the age of 57.

</doc>
<doc id="31088096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088096" title="Herbert Fox">
Herbert Fox

Herbert Francis Fox (1 August 1858 – 20 January 1926) was an English cricketer who made 10 first-class appearances for Somerset County Cricket Club between 1882 and 1891. He later played for Oxfordshire and Suffolk in the Minor Counties Championship.
Life and career.
Herbert Francis was the fourth son of Francis Ker and Mary Fox. He attended Clifton College, who he represented in a number of cricket matches in 1876 and 1877. He continued his education at University College, Oxford. He married Rachel Mary Garrett on 27 August 1892 in Bathwick, Taunton, Somerset. He tutored at Brasenose College, and later edited a piece in the "Westminster Gazette" entitled 'Renderings into Greek and Latin verse', in which readers submitted Latin and Greek verse.
Cricket career.
Having played for Clifton College, Fox made his first appearance for Somerset County Cricket Club in August 1877, playing for the "Gentlemen of Somerset" against a similarly named Devon side. Batting at number nine, Fox scored a duck in his only innings. He continued to play for Somerset in the following years, during which time they played second-class cricket. His batting was inconsistent during these years; he failed to score as many as 20 runs in a single innings at all for Somerset during 1877 and 1878, but in 1879 he scored three half-centuries. His highest score for Somerset came in a second-class match during 1881, when he scored 89 runs against Gloucestershire.
He made his first-class debut in 1882, playing in Somerset's first-ever match at this level. He never scored 50 runs or more in a single innings in first-class cricket, his highest score being the 31 he reached against Hampshire in his second first-class match. He played irregularly for Somerset, making four appearances in 1882, three the following season and two in 1884. He continued to play for the county after they lost their first-class status, between 1886 and 1890, but only played once more after they had regained it, appearing in his final first-class match, against Gloucestershire in 1891. He continued to play cricket after this, appearing for Incogniti, Lansdown and the Marylebone Cricket Club. In the early twentieth century, he made a small number of appearances in the Minor Counties Championship, playing three times for Oxfordshire in 1902, for whom he scored a century and a 99, and twice for Suffolk in 1908.

</doc>
<doc id="31088146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088146" title="2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Women's pole vault">
2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Women's pole vault

The Women's pole vault event at the 2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held at March 5–6, 2011 with the final at March 6 at 15:00.
Results.
Qualification.
Qualification: Qualification Performance 4.55 (Q) or at least 8 best performers advanced to the final.

</doc>
<doc id="31088148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088148" title="Dhianpur">
Dhianpur

DHIANPUR is a village in Gurdaspur district in the Indian state of Punjab. Dhainpur is about 20 KM from Batala city
Dhainpur is also known for Being sacred place heaving Main Shri Bawal Lal Dayal ji

</doc>
<doc id="31088180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088180" title="Associazione Calcio Codogno 1908">
Associazione Calcio Codogno 1908

Associazione Calcio Codogno (AC Codogno) is an association football or soccer club based in the northern Italian province of Lodi. Formed in 1908, it is now known as "UC Codogno". Over the years, it has enjoyed variable success. For the most part, UC Codogno plays at the Lombardy regional level.
History.
AC Codogno was founded in 1908 under the name "Codogno Sports Association". In Codogno, at that time, there were some existing sports entities such as AS Fanfulla, the "Students' Association" (later Circle Pallavicino) and the FBC Lodi. However, Association Football in Codogno had its origins in smaller clubs such as SG Codogno which promoted gymnastics and athletics. (The "Gymnastics Company Codogno", commencing 26 July 1892, was affiliated with the FGNI on 14 January 1893).
In 1906, Alberto Quaglia was engaged by SG Cogogno to teach members the rudiments of soccer, including respect for other players and for the game itself. However, Quaglia left after only a year. Without leadership, some of the club members who were interested in soccer, drifted away to the Codogno Sports Association early in the spring of 1908.
The AC Codogno's first major game was on the morning of Sunday, 18 September 1910 against AS Fanfulla, who were considered the best local soccer club. Fanfulla won.
In 1911, fixtures were interrupted due to the departure of young men to the Libyan-Turkish War. Around this time the name of AC Codogno was changed to "Union Sports Codogno". The U.S. Codogno joined the Italian National Gymnastics Federation (FGNI) on 31 May 1912 and the Italian Federation of Sports Athletics (FISA) in 1914.
After World War I, as young men returned from hostilities, U.S. Codogno began to play new local clubs such as U.S. Sant'Angelina of F.C. Piacenza, U. S. Casalpusterlengo and several other smaller teams.
Football Championships.
On 25 November 1919, after fulfilling requirements of playing field size (90m x 45m) and suitable enclosures, the Lombardi Regional Committee officially endorsed US Codogno to the regional championship. Despite this endorsement, a number of problems arose. US Codogno was pitted against top level teams with advanced technical skills. An exchange of players with AC Fanfulla was unbalanced. Young players coming through the ranks who may have improved US Codogno's game, such as Mariano Tansini Arcari and the like, moved on to join more advanced teams. In some circumstances, US Codogno could not field a team. Progression to a higher division at this stage was impossible. US Codogno was included in the little-known Fourth Division. In addition, there was a legal dispute over the nature of the relationship between clubs and the FIGC.
Nevertheless, by the end of the 1927 - 1928 season, when the FIGC had created a Series A and a Series B, US Codongo was promoted to part of the First Division (now "Serie C1"). Since then, their success and level of playing has been variable. (See table below).
In 2008, Codogno celebrated its 100-year anniversary but suffered defeat at the hands of San Biagio in the Lombardi regional championships.

</doc>
<doc id="31088218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088218" title="Lefau Harry Schuster">
Lefau Harry Schuster

Lefau Harry Schuster is a Samoan politician and member of the Legislative Assembly of Samoa. He is a member of the Tautua Samoa Party and represents the constituency of Vaimauga West in Tuamasaga district on Upolu Island.
Schuster is a former judge, and president of the Federation of Oceania Rugby Unions. He was first elected to parliament in the 2011 election.

</doc>
<doc id="31088228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088228" title="Saskia de Brauw">
Saskia de Brauw

Saskia de Brauw (born 19 April 1981) is a Dutch artist and model.
Career.
After an early start in the fashion world, de Brauw left modelling at 16 to pursue her interest in art, studying the subject at the Gerrit Rietveld Academie in her home town of Amsterdam. She returned to modeling at age 29 and was featured on two Vogue covers in the same month. Photographed by Mert and Marcus for Carine Roitfeld's final cover of Vogue Paris – March 2011, and the same month featuring on the cover of Vogue Italia as photographed by Steven Meisel. 
De Brauw featured alongside Mariacarla Boscono and Daphne Groeneveld in the Spring/Summer 2011 Givenchy campaign, in the Fall/Winter 2011 Versace campaign, in MaxMara and Chanel's Spring/Summer 2012 and Fall/Winter 2012 campaigns, as well as the Fall/Winter Loewe campaign, whilst also featuring in the Fendi, Prada, Giorgio Armani and Lanvin Spring 2013 campaigns.
In 2013, she appeared alongside Andrej Pejic, Tilda Swinton, Iselin Steiro and David Bowie for Bowie's 2013 single The Stars (Are Out Tonight) as one of the "stars". In the credits, she is listed as "Celebrity 2".
Saskia de Brauw is represented by Paparrazi Model Management in Amsterdam. She is also represented by VIVA Paris, VIVA London, DNA Model Management in New York and Why Not Model Agency in Milan. 
As of August 2013, De Brauw is ranked #2 on models.com's "Top 50 Models" list behind Joan Smalls.
In her art De Brauw explores the relationship between the physical body and its surroundings. Her work encompasses both photography and installation, as well as written verse and prose.

</doc>
<doc id="31088253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088253" title="2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Women's high jump">
2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Women's high jump

The Women's high jump event at the 2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held at March 5–6, 2011 with the final at March 6 at 15:30.
Results.
Qualification.
Qualification: Qualification Performance 1.94 (Q) or at least 8 best performers advanced to the final.
Final.
The final was held at 15:30.

</doc>
<doc id="31088254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088254" title="Rik Simpson">
Rik Simpson

Rik Simpson (aka Rikademus) is a British Grammy Award-winning record producer, sound engineer, musician and songwriter. He is most recently recognised for his production work with Coldplay on "Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends" (2008), "Mylo Xyloto" (2011) and "Ghost Stories" (2014). He has also gained critical acclaim for his work with Jay-Z, Portishead, Kasabian, Black Rebel Motorcycle Club and PJ Harvey. In addition to the technical sides of recording and mixing, he often contributes musically, playing and singing on many of his productions.
Simpson is also one half of production duo The Darktones, with Coldplay bassist Guy Berryman. 

</doc>
<doc id="31088266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088266" title="Robert Moses Playground">
Robert Moses Playground

Robert Moses Playground is a playground and park in the New York City borough of Manhattan. It is located in the Murray Hill neighborhood on First Avenue between 41st and 42nd streets, immediately south of the United Nations Headquarters. The park is named for New York's "master builder" Robert Moses.
The land for the park was obtained in 1937 as part of the Queens-Midtown Tunnel construction in exchange for the taking of a portion of St. Gabriel's Park (now named St. Vartan Park) for an approach roadway. The Park itself was completed in 1941 and shares the block with the large ventilation building for the tunnel. It was named for Moses in 1982.
The playground is often used for roller hockey, and the East End Hockey Association has been organizing games at the site since 1972. 
Since 1982, there have been at least three attempts to take the park's land for building projects. 
The most recent proposal was raised by the United Nations in June 2010. Under this deal, the city would then expand the nearby East River Greenway to compensate for the loss of this park. On 8 December 2010, Manhattan Community Board 6 gave their support to this plan, providing that the esplanade was expanded. In March 2011, the city gave approval to move ahead with a feasibility study for this project as part of Mayor Bloomberg's "Vision 2020: New York City Comprehensive Waterfront Plan". 
If agreed by the city and the heads of both houses of the New York State Legislature, the United Nations Development Corporation could begin preliminary planning for a new office tower, which could be no taller than the tall Secretariat Building. The UN would pay the city at least $65 million for the park. The plan is opposed by some residents of Tudor City, which is across the street from the park.
On 5 October 2011, the city and state reached an agreement to use the western portion of Robert Moses Playground for an expansion of the United Nations campus. In exchange, the United Nations Development Corporation would pay $73 million to fund the development of the East River esplanade between 38th and 60th streets.

</doc>
<doc id="31088286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088286" title="Lasse Eriksson">
Lasse Eriksson

Lars Gunnar "Lasse" Eriksson (1 April 1949 – 3 March 2011) was a Swedish comedian, actor and writer.
Eriksson was born in Piteå, Sweden. He took a bachelor of arts in economic history before he initiated a theatrical career in the 1970s, when he played at the Panic Theatre in Uppsala. With a brass band in 1983, he did the show "Vad varje kvinna bör veta om män" ("What every woman should know about men"). In 1984 he became known to TV-audiences with his personal contemplations in "Dagsedlar" ("Daily pages"), which were brief five minutes episodes accompanied by the dog Hillman. In 1985–86 he was the presenter of "Café Luleå" and in 2002 he was the team commander in "Snacka om nyheter" ("News talk"). Eriksson was also part of the original 1999 panel of "Parlamentet", where he teamed with Annika Lantz in the red party.
It was mainly as a stand-up comedian that Eriksson rose to fame. He also composed and wrote several songs, among the best known is "Stället", a stylish reflection on rural people's everyday thoughts. In 1992, Eriksson participated in the stand-up revue "Spik" at the Vasa Theatre, and worked with Iwa Boman on the shows "Jägare och jungfrur, typ" ("Hunters and maidens, sort of") (1995) and "Är du för eller emot EMU" ("Are you for or against EMU") (2000). For many years one could hear Eriksson at the radio program "Telespånarna" at Sveriges Radio P4 on Sunday mornings.
Eriksson died 3 March 2011 on stage during the show "Fyra lyckliga män 2" ("Four happy men 2") at the Regina Theatre in Uppsala.
Bibliography.
Lasse Eriksson was quite productive and released a number of own works, besides his cooperations on numerous anthologies:
Discography.
Lasse Eriksson produced many of his albums and appeared on other artists' productions:

</doc>
<doc id="31088292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088292" title="Bully boy">
Bully boy

A bully boy is a young tough - a strong person able to fight and physically punish others.
At Yale University, the class leader or president was a strong student who was known as the bully or bully boy. He was armed with the bully club - an oak cudgel which had been taken from a sailor by a strong student in 1801.

</doc>
<doc id="31088323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088323" title="Bplats">
Bplats

Bplats, Inc. is an application service provider (ASP) based in Tokyo, Japan. The company offers software as a service (SaaS) and platform as a service (PaaS) solutions. It runs web portals on ASP, SaaS and cloud computing and an online store to sell software and hardware, such as the Vocaloid series VY1.
Services.
The SaaS and PaaS services of the company include:
Products.
Bplats sells the Vocaloid series VY planned and developed by Yamaha Corporation, along with related software and hardware. The VY series of Vocaloids are different from other Vocaloids as their considered as having no form of avatar and were designed to be a high quality professional voicebank as well as to act as the intended standard for the Vocaloids products themselves. Though each voicebank has a gender type voice (feminine, masculine) the Vocaloid series itself is void of such restrictions and are designed with the intention of allowing those using them to be able to manipulate the voice as they please. The avatarless look was intended to encourage creativity with the series. VY1, the first of the series, was released with a demo album containing songs by various producers from Nico Nico Douga and their interpretation of the Vocaloid along with the settings used for the song. Bplats focused on their high quality Vocaloids, even delaying VY2 for quality related issue; VY2 was created with the intention of being realistic and stable. Bplats is looking to produce male and female English Vocaloid products, with improvements to the standard of English used by the software, another Vocaloid is already under production.

</doc>
<doc id="31088340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088340" title="Christopher Ross (writer)">
Christopher Ross (writer)

Christopher Ross (born 1960) is a noted non-fiction writer and martial artist, practising in Iaido and Kung Fu. He has written the books" Tunnel Visions: Journeys of an Underground Philosopher" and "Mishima's Sword: Travels In Search Of A Samurai Legend". His books typically take on a philosophical note as well as informing on the subject matter. Ross currently resides in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="31088346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088346" title="Balashov">
Balashov

Balashov may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31088356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088356" title="BL 6 inch naval guns Mk XIII – XVIII">
BL 6 inch naval guns Mk XIII – XVIII

This article covers a number of fairly similar British-built 6-inch 50-calibre naval guns that found their way into temporary British service in World War I. Their specifications and performance differed from standard Royal Navy 6-inch guns but in British service they fired standard service 100-pound projectiles.
6-inch Mark XIII gun in Royal Navy service.
When World War I began, Armstrong-Whitworth were completing the battleship Sultan Osman I for the Ottoman Empire, originally begun as Rio de Janeiro for Brazil. Its secondary armament consisted of 20 of their 6-inch 50 calibre guns, which were similar in design and characteristics to the British naval service Mk XI gun and used the same ammunition. The battleship was completed as HMS "Agincourt" and served in the Royal Navy in World War I, with its guns designated BL 6 inch Mk XIII.
After the decommissioning of Agincourt in 1921 her 6-inch guns were used for coastal defence, and in 1939 the British gunboats "Aphis" and "Ladybird" each had their 2 6-inch Mk VII guns replaced with 2 MK XIII guns, in which capacity they served in World War II.
<br style="clear:left;" >
6-inch Mark XIV and XV guns in Royal Navy service.
When World War I began, the Royal Navy had just taken possession of 3 river monitors originally built by Vickers for Brazil but which Brazil could not pay for. These were each equipped with 2 Vickers 6-inch 50-calibre guns in a twin turret, and became the Humber class monitors. These guns were very similar to the British service Mk XI gun, and in UK service they were designated BL 6 inch Mk XIV (right-hand gun, with breech opening to the right) and BL 6 inch Mk XV (left-hand gun, with breech opening to the left). The guns of HMS Severn and HMS Mersey wore out early in the war from continuous use bombaring the Belgian coast and in East Africa, and were replaced by standard 6-inch Mk VII guns, while HMS Humber continued to use various refurbished Mk XIV and XV guns throughout the war for coastal bombardment.
6-inch Mark XVI gun in Royal Navy service.
At the beginning of World War I the British Government forcibly acquired the battleship "Reshadieh" which Vickers had just completed for the Ottoman Government. The ship entered service with the Royal Navy as HMS Erin together with its armament which while of similar calibre to British service ordnance was of differing specification. Erin had sixteen 6-inch 50 calibre guns made by Vickers, with a muzzle velocity of which was considerably greater than existing standard Royal Navy 6-inch guns. These guns were designated 6-inch BL Mark XVI in British service. Some were redeployed in World War II for coast defence.
6-inch Mark XVII gun in Royal Navy service.
When World War I began, Armstrong-Whitworth were building the battleships Almirante Latorre and Almirante Cochrane for Chile. They were acquired by the British government and completed as the battleship HMS Canada and the aircraft carrier HMS Eagle. The secondary armament for each supplied by Armstrongs were 12 6-inch 50-calibre guns, which were designated 6-inch BL Mk XVII in British service. These guns were used from 1915 on HMS Canada until she was sold to Chile in 1920 as originally intended. HMS Eagle was completed after World War I and retained by the Royal Navy, with these guns retained as her primary defensive armament.
6-inch Mark XVIII gun in Royal Navy service.
When World War I began, Armstrong-Whitworth were building the coast defence ships Nidaros and Bjørgvin for Norway. They were acquired by the British government and completed as the monitors HMS Gorgon and HMS Glatton respectively. Their secondary armament as designed was 4 15-cm guns designed by Armstrongs. In Royal Navy service these guns were relined to the standard British 6-inch calibre and they were adapted to fire standard 6-inch 100-pound shells.

</doc>
<doc id="31088374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088374" title="Keiji Tanaka">
Keiji Tanaka

Career.
Tanaka began skating in 2002. He trains in Osaka and Kurashiki under coaches Utako Nagamitsu and Yusuke Hayashi.
During the 2010–11 season, Tanaka won the bronze medal at the Junior Grand Prix in Romania and placed 6th in his second JGP event in the U.K. He finished 9th at the Japan Junior Championships. At the World Junior Championships, he placed 6th in the short program and first in the long program to win the silver medal.
In 2011–12, Tanaka won two medals on the JGP series and qualified for his first JGP Final, where he finished 6th. He was 7th in his second trip to the World Junior Championships. The following season, Tanaka won silver at one JGP event and finished 4th in another. He placed 6th again at the JGP Final.
Tanaka won two gold medals during the 2013–14 JGP series and qualified for his third JGP Final. He won the title at the 2013 Japan Junior Figure Skating Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="31088406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088406" title="Russel Friend">
Russel Friend

Russel Friend is an American television writer and producer producer who served as an executive producer on the Fox series "House", for which he won a Writers Guild of America Award in 2010 for co-writing the episode "Broken". He often works with his writing partner Garrett Lerner.
Television career.
Friend's writing career began on the CBS crime series "Martial Law", after which he served as a writer and producer on several series through the late 90's until the early 2000s, including "FreakyLinks", "Roswell", "John Doe", "Boston Public", "LAX" and "Smallville". In 2005, he and Lerner joined the writing staff of the medical mystery series "House". Their first episode, "Acceptance", was the premiere of the second season. At the start of the fourth season Friend became an executive producer, a job which he currently still occupies. He is also a Consulting Producer and writer on Glee.
Episodes of "Glee".
All co-written with Garrett Lerner.
Awards and nominations.
In 2010, Friend was the recipient of the Writers Guild of America award for the "House" season six premiere "Broken", which he shared with Garrett Lerner, David Foster and David Shore. Four years running he was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for his work on "House".

</doc>
<doc id="31088410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088410" title="List of tallest buildings in Nigeria">
List of tallest buildings in Nigeria

Nigeria is the most heavily populated and one of the most economically developed nations on the African Continent. However, advanced development is significantly localized around two areas: Lagos Island and Abuja. Beyond these two economic centres, development is marginal and poverty is still prevalent despite government efforts. However, key marginal areas have experienced rapid growth recently. 
The tallest building recently completed is 'Intercontinental Lagos' on Lagos Island, at tall. This new building is the tallest built in Nigeria in the 21st century. Many other construction projects are currently ongoing, such as Eko Atlantic City, a massive redevelopment of the Lagos Waterfront which will include an entirely new sustainable city off the coast of Nigeria. This new development will be equipped with residential neighborhoods, commercial areas, parks, a financial district, condo towers and also massive skyscrapers. The tallest building could potentially be over 250 meters tall, though its height has not yet been announced. Once completed, this development will forever change the way the world views Nigeria.
Tallest buildings.
This list ranks Nigerian skyscrapers that stand at least tall, based on standard height measurement. This includes spires and architectural details but does not include antenna masts.
Tallest under construction, approved and proposed.
This lists skyscrapers that are under construction, approved or proposed in Nigeria and planned to rise over tall, but are not yet completed structures. there is 1 building under construction and 20 high-rises planned.

</doc>
<doc id="31088413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088413" title="Horseshoe, Western Australia">
Horseshoe, Western Australia

Horseshoe is an abandoned town in Western Australia located in the Murchison goldfields within the Mid West region of Western Australia situated between Meekatharra and Newman. The town is adjacent to the Peak Hill goldfields.
Gold was discovered in the immediate area in 1897 and the government had an area thought to be suitable for a townsite surveyed in 1898. The area proved to not be satisfactory to the locals who wanted another area to be used. The new area was surveyed and the town was gazetted in 1901.
The population of the town was 60 (60 males and no females) in 1898.
The town was often known as Horseshoe Bend as a result of one of the original leases in the area was the shape of a horseshoe. It was also commonly known as The Shoe.
The townsite is one of many ghost towns in the area; others include: Peak Hill, Gabanintha, Abbotts and Garden Gully.

</doc>
<doc id="31088424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088424" title="Garrett Lerner">
Garrett Lerner

Garrett Lerner is an American television writer and producer currently serving as an executive producer on the long-running Fox series "House". He often works with his writing partner Russel Friend.
Television career.
Lerner's writing career began on the CBS crime series "Martial Law", after which he served as a writer and producer on several series through the late 90's until the early 2000s, including "FreakyLinks", "Roswell", "John Doe", "Boston Public", "LAX" and "Smallville". In 2005, he and Friend joined the writing staff of the medical mystery series "House". Their first episode, "Acceptance", was the premiere of the second season. At the start of the fourth season Lerner became an executive producer, a job which he currently still occupies.
Awards and nominations.
In 2010, Lerner was the recipient of the Writers Guild of America award for the "House" season six premiere "Broken", which he shared with Russel Friend, David Foster and David Shore. Four years running he was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for his work on "House".

</doc>
<doc id="31088430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088430" title="Congregation Beth Israel (Brooklyn)">
Congregation Beth Israel (Brooklyn)

Congregation Beth Israel, known since 1970 as Mt. Zion Church of God 7th Day, is a former synagogue at 203 E. 37th St. in East Flatbush, Brooklyn, New York, New York. It was built in 1928 and is a two story, rectangular buff brick building with Romanesque and Classical Revival style elements. It has a tripartite front facade with round arch windows. It features the Star of David on the front fence, the stained glass windows, pews, and plaster work.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="31088437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088437" title="Li Shaogeng">
Li Shaogeng

Li Shaogeng (; Hepburn: "Ri Shōkō"; b. 1896 ), was a politician in the early Republic of China who subsequently served in a number of Cabinet posts of the Empire of Manchukuo.
Biography.
A native of Liaoyang Liaoning Province, Li graduated from the Harbin Higher Commercial School. He subsequently served in local government, and various posts under Fengtian clique warlord, Zhang Zuolin. He was also sent as envoy from Manchuria to Vladivostok from March–September 1927. In 1931, he became a director of the Chinese Eastern Railway.
Following the establishment of Manchukuo, Li continued to work for the Chinese Eastern Railway, rising to the post of Chairman of the Board of Directors and President. In March 1935 he accepted the post of Minister of Transportation for the Empire of Manchukuo – a post which he held to December 1942. From September 1942 to April 1944, Li also held the post of Foreign Minister of Manchukuo. In April 1945, Li was appointed as special envoy to the Nanjing Nationalist Government.
Following the Soviet invasion of Manchuria, Li went into hiding. His subsequent fate is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="31088473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088473" title="Stormy Weather (Lena Horne album)">
Stormy Weather (Lena Horne album)

Stormy Weather is a 1957 studio album by Lena Horne, released by RCA Victor in monoaural. Recording took place between March 1956 and March 1957, at Webster Hall, New York.
CD bonus tracks.
The CD re-issue includes several single only tracks recorded during the studio session for the LP "Stormy Weather", 
also included are the four tracks originally released in 1957 on the EP "Lena Horne at the Cocoanut Grove".
12. "Stormy Weather" (Harold Arlen, Ted Koehler) - 3.52 (Alternative previously unreleased recording)
13. "Come Runnin'" (Roc Hillman) - 2.53 (Previously unreleased recording from the 1956 recording sessions)
14. "From This Moment On" (Cole Porter) - 1.53 (Previously issued in 1956 as a 78rpm single release only)
15. "A Cock-Eyed Optimist" (Richard Rodgers, Oscar Hammerstein II) - 3.28 (Previously issued on the 1957, 45rpm EP, "Lena Horne at the Cocoanut Grove" only)
16. "I Haved Dreamed" (Richard Rodgers, Oscar Hammerstein II) - 2.14 (Previously issued on the 1957, 45rpm EP, "Lena Horne at the Cocoanut Grove" only)
17. "The Surrey with the Fringe on Top" (Richard Rodgers, Oscar Hammerstein II) - 3.28 (Previously issued on the 1957, 45rpm EP, "Lena Horne at the Cocoanut Grove" only)
18. "Wouldn't It Be Loverly" (Frederick Loewe, Alan Jay Lerner) - 2.51 (Previously issued on the 1957, 45rpm EP, "Lena Horne at the Cocoanut Grove" only)
19. "What's Right for You (Is Right for Me)" (Hubert Doris, Tommy Goodman, Bernie Gluckman) - 2.55 (Previously issued in 1956 as a 78rpm single release only)
20. "Sweet Thing" (Betty Walberg, Bob Herget) - 2.29 (Previously issued in 1957 as a 78rpm single release only)
21. "That Old Feeling" (Lew Brown, Sammy Fain - 2.16 (Previously issued in 1957 as a 78rpm single release only)

</doc>
<doc id="31088476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088476" title="Andrey Balashov">
Andrey Balashov

Andrey Vasilyevich Balashov (; 22 March 1946 – 21 October 2009) was a Russian sailor. He won a silver medal in the "Finn class" at the 1976 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="31088478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088478" title="William Parks (sailor)">
William Parks (sailor)

William W. Parks (1921–2008) was an American competitive sailor and Olympic medalist.
He and Robert Halperin won a bronze medal for the United States in the Star class (mixed two-person keelboat) at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome. Their yacht was the "Shrew II".

</doc>
<doc id="31088484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088484" title="5 Stone Buildings">
5 Stone Buildings

5 Stone Buildings is a barristers’ set situated at Lincoln's Inn, London. It currently comprises 24 members, of whom five are Queen's Counsel, whose specialisations include private client, estate planning, tax, probate disputes, partnership, property litigation, professional negligence, pensions and other chancery related commercial matters. The chambers are ranked highly in the legal directories such as Chambers and Partners. Over three quarters of its members over 10 years call are also recommended practitioners by Chambers and Partners in their specific fields.

</doc>
<doc id="31088487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088487" title="Robert Halperin">
Robert Halperin

Robert Sherman "Bob" Halperin (January 26, 1908 – May 8, 1985), nicknamed "Buck", was an American competitive Star class sailor, and Olympic bronze medalist and Pan American Games gold medalist.
He was also a college and NFL football quarterback, one of Chicago's most-decorated World War II heroes, co-founder of Lands' End, and Chairman of Commercial Light Company.
Early and personal life.
Halperin, who was Jewish, was born in Chicago, Illinois. His father, Aaron, immigrated to the United States from Kiev in the 1890s, and died in 1964. His mother, Julia, died in 1976.
He and his wife Margaret Stralka raised three sons, Thomas, Patrick and Daniel, the latter was Robert's biological son. He lived in the Near North Side of Chicago, and Palm Springs, California.
Football career.
In high school, he played football for Oak Park High School. He was also captain of the football team.
In college, Halperin first played football for Notre Dame, at quarterback under Coach Knute Rockne. He then played football for the University of Wisconsin, from which he graduated in 1932.
After graduating college, in 1932 he played professional football at quarterback for the Brooklyn Dodgers team in the National Football League, under coach Benny Friedman. He later coached football at St. Patrick High School.
Navy career.
Halperin was one of Chicago`s most decorated soldiers in World War II.
He joined the U.S. Navy on March 19, 1942, when World War II started, ultimately rising to the level of Lieutenant Commander. He trained first under boxer Gene Tunney, and then in a top-secret program in 1942 at Naval Amphibious Base Little Creek in Little Creek, Virginia, along with fellow NFL football players Phil Bucklew and John Tripson and seven others who made up the first class of what became known as the Navy Scouts & Raiders– the special warfare commando ancestor of what today is known as the U.S. Navy Seals. The three former NFL players were among 1,000 NFL players who served in the military for the U.S. during World War II. The job of the trainees was to locate designated landing beaches at night for amphibious landings, note any obstacles, and guide the attacking troops and their landing craft.
War correspondent William H. Stoneman wrote of Halperin: "His job is to mark beaches for the assault, infantry, a daring, intricate job, calling for as much brain as courage, and barrels of both." He was in charge of 14 scout boats, which were the first to reach shore in Allied landings. Halperin received every Navy theater campaign ribbon, seeing action in the combat zones of Sicily, Italy, Europe (including during D-Day), North Africa, and the Pacific.
He was decorated for gallantry with the Navy Cross, the Silver Star, two Bronze Stars, and a Presidential Citation, as well as the highest honor of the Nationalist Chinese government.
In the North Africa invasion in November 1942, he sailed his scout ship from seven miles off-shore in complete darkness to the shore of French Morocco, located and marked landing beaches with landing signals, guided assault troops to their targets while being strafed by enemy planes, and became the first American in the invasion to capture two of the enemy when he personally captured two enemy officers. In recognition of his efforts, including his extraordinary heroism, skill, courage, and fearless devotion to duty, he received a presidential citation and the Navy Cross.
He received an "out-of-line" promotion to Lieutenant Commander for his bravery and daring in the assault on Scoglitti on the southeastern coast of Sicily in July–August 1943. He received a Presidential Citation for doing the same at Gela, in Sicily.
During the Normandy Invasion of the Cherbourg Peninsula, in June 1944 he guided the first two waves of assault troops to the assault beaches, against entrenched strong opposition, and saved two men from drowning. Newspaper accounts called him "one of the first Americans to go ashore in France—perhaps, the first—on D-Day." For his exceptionally meritorious performance of duty, and his "cool judgment and unusual ability", he was awarded a Bronze Star.
He was Commanding Officer of U.S. Naval Unit Six, from December 1944 to September 1945, in secret guerrilla action against the Japanese behind enemy lines in Fukien Province, China. During that time, his team of Americans trained 2,500 Chinese guerrillas to fight the Japanese, planned and executed operations resulting in the killing of 1,300 enemy troops and the destruction of tons of their shipping, and he assisted in the rescue of 16 U.S. fliers. While out-numbered and facing an enemy with superior equipment, he attacked the enemy with ambushes and in pitched battles, significantly depleting their forces. He was located in Chungking, Kunming, Camp 6, Hwaan, Changchow, Kulangsu, and Shanghai. He was granted a Gold Medal in lieu of a second Bronze Medal, for "distinguishing himself by exceptionally meritorious conduct. For distinguishing himself "by gallantry and intrepidity", he was awarded a Silver Star. In addition, the Nationalist Chinese government awarded him its highest honor, the Yun Hui "Cloud Banner", reserved only for admiralty.
Sailing career.
Halperin, sailed for the Chicago Yacht Club and the Southern Lake Michigan Fleet. He won the North American Star Championship in 1959.
He won a bronze medal for the United States in the Star class (mixed two-person keelboat) at the 1960 Summer Olympics in the Bay of Naples in Italy, at the age of 52, together with William Parks. Their yacht was the "Shrew II".
In 1963, he won a gold medal along with Richard Stearns at the Pan American Games in Sao Paulo, Brazil, sailing the "Ninotchka".
At the World Championships, it is tradition for the name of the crew member whose yacht has the best total score to be engraved on the Buck Halperin Trophy, named after him.
Hall of Fame.
Halperin was inducted as a member of the Chicagoland Sports Hall of Fame in 1989.
Business career.
In business, Halperin became an executive of and rose to become Chairman of Commercial Light Company, a large electrical contractor and engineering business which his father had founded in 1915 and for which did electrical work in many Chicago buildings. He became the company's President in 1959, and Chairman in the 1960s. The company performed a number of high-profile assignments, including installing lighting systems in Wrigley Field, the John Hancock Center, and O'Hare International Airport.
He also started the company Lands' End, in the Spring of 1963, with fellow sailor Richard Stearns, Halperin's close friend Gary Comer, and two of Stearns' employees.
Death.
Halperin died May 8, 1985, in Palm Springs, California, at the age of 77. His body is at rest at Arlington National Cemetery with his wife.

</doc>
<doc id="31088503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088503" title="Johannes van Laar">
Johannes van Laar

Johannes van Laar ('s Gravenhage, 10 July 1860 – Montreux, 9 December 1938) was a Dutch chemist who is best known for the equations regarding chemical activity (Van Laar equation).
Biography.
Van Laar lost his parents early, his mother in 1862 and his father 1873. From that point on his uncle N. A. Rost van Tonningen was responsible for him. He finished school in 1876 and joined the Royal Naval Institute at Willemsoord. After several trips on steam ships and reaching the rank of a sub-lieutenant he asked for discharge when he became of age.
Laar started his studies of physics, chemistry and mathematics at the University of Amsterdam in 1891. Johannes van der Waals, and Jacobus Henricus van 't Hoff both were professors at that University in that time.
His education deprived him from obtaining a Ph.D. and therefore a career at a Dutch University was nearly impossible. After being a teacher at a middle school he became unsalaried lecturer at the University of Amsterdam 1898 and assistant of Bakhuis Roozeboom in 1902. Van der Waals opposed several of the promotions of van Laar, for example becoming a paid lecturer in 1902 and after the death of Roozeboom the attempt to get lecturer for mathematical chemistry in 1907. Laar was appointed lecturer of mathematics in 1907 but was rejected becoming professor in 1910. This rejection lead to a mental breakdown and had to resigned his position. He went to Tavelsur-Clarens in Switzerland until his death in 1938.
He studied with vant Hof, van der Waals between 1881 and 1884. He was then assistant to Bakhuis Roozeboom from 1903.
In 1930 he became a member of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="31088507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088507" title="Tsutomu Fujihara">
Tsutomu Fujihara

Tsutomu Fujihara (藤原 務, born October 13, 1980) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31088509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088509" title="Tesfaye Tafese">
Tesfaye Tafese

Tesfaye Tafese (, born 10 June 1986) is an Ethiopian footballer currently playing for Al-Tilal SC in the Yemeni League.
Career.
Tafase scored in the opening round of the 2011 AFC Cup group stage against I-League club Dempo SC however it was not enough as Al-Tilal lost 2-1.
International career.
Tafase has represented his country of Ethiopia on 11 occasions, scoring 3 goals, including once against Rwanda during a 2010 FIFA World Cup qualifying match.

</doc>
<doc id="31088517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088517" title="John Holbrook">
John Holbrook

John Edward Holbrook (born 14 June 1962) is a Church of England bishop. He is the Bishop of Brixworth in the Diocese of Peterborough. He had been Rural Dean of Wimborne in the Diocese of Salisbury.
Education and ministry.
Holbrook grew up in Bristol where he was educated at the Bristol Cathedral Choir School. As an undergraduate he studied theology at St Peter's College, Oxford, where he obtained his MA (Oxbridge MA after a BA(Hons)).
Holbrook attended theological college at Ridley Hall, Cambridge and was ordained a deacon in 1986 and a priest in 1987. His fist ordained ministry position was as a curate at St Mary the Virgin, Barnes, London. In 1989, he moved to St. Mary's Church, Bletchley as senior curate and curate-in-charge of Whaddon Way Ecumenical Church (an Anglican-Baptist local ecumenical partnership (LEP). In 1993 he became the Vicar of Adderbury with Milton and, from 2000, also the Rural Dean of Deddington.
From 2002 until 2011, Holbrook was Rector of Wimborne Minster and priest-in-charge of Witchampton, Stanbridge and Long Crichel. He also became chaplain of the South and East Dorset Primary Care Trust and, in 2004, the Rural Dean of Wimborne. From 2006, he was also an honorary canon and prebendary of Salisbury Cathedral as well as priest-in-charge of Horton, Chalbury, Hinton Martel and Holt Saint James.
Bishop.
On 4 March 2011, 10 Downing Street announced Holbrook as the Bishop Designate of Brixworth in the Diocese of Peterborough, in succession to the Rt Revd Frank White. He was consecrated as a bishop at Westminster Abbey on 2 June 2011
and installed at Peterborough Cathedral on 29 June. He shares overall responsibility with the Bishop of Peterborough, the diocesan bishop, for the whole diocese.
Marriage and family.
Holbrook is married to Elizabeth, whom he met while studying at Oxford University; she is a tax accountant. The couple have one son and one daughter, Thomas and Anna. Thomas is a student reading Computer Science at St John's College, Durham University. Elizabeth's father, Robert, is a retired Church of England priest who often attends his son-in-law's previous parish church at Wimborne Minster.

</doc>
<doc id="31088518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088518" title="John Price (sailor)">
John Price (sailor)

John Wesley Price (1920 – 1991) was an American competitive sailor and Olympic medalist. He won a silver medal in the Star class at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki, together with John Reid.

</doc>
<doc id="31088522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088522" title="Paul Giovanopoulos">
Paul Giovanopoulos

Paul Giovanopoulos was born November 11, 1939 in Kastoria, Greece. He has since made his mark as an American artist, having attended the New York University and School of Visual Arts, before obtaining US citizenship in 1961 at the age of 22.
Paul still lives in New York, and has exhibited work across the United States, and Europe. His work is collected by such luminaries as Steve Wynn, James Cameron, Sylvester Stallone, and Michael Bloomberg. His work is featured within more than fifty private and corporate collections, including the New York Public Library and Harvard's JFK School of Government.
Among his many corporate clients are Random House, Rosenthal China, United Airlines, Playboy Magazine, Del Rey Books, Warner Books, and Ritzenhoff AG.
See also.
Official website www.giovanopoulos.com

</doc>
<doc id="31088533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088533" title="John Reid (sailor)">
John Reid (sailor)

John Reid (November 27, 1918 – May 17, 1954) was an American competitive sailor and Olympic medalist. He won a silver medal in the Star class at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki, together with John Price.

</doc>
<doc id="31088537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088537" title="Yuji Kamimura">
Yuji Kamimura

Yuji Kamimura (上村 祐司, born March 16, 1976) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31088540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088540" title="Isaac Isaacs (mayor)">
Isaac Isaacs (mayor)

Isaac Isaacs (1 July 1858, Melbourne - 16 January 1935, Adelaide, aged 76) was an Adelaide businessman who served as Mayor of the City of Adelaide from 1915-1917.
Early years.
Isaacs was born in Melbourne, the second son of Wolf Isaacs. In 1868 his family moved to Dunedin, New Zealand, where he was educated at Christchurch. After "about 25 years' residence in New Zealand", he returned to Victoria.
Victoria.
In Victoria he was elected treasurer for the demonstration to celebrate Queen Victoria's Jubilee in 1887. In 1889 he was elected grand president for Australasia of the United Ancient Order of Druids; on his retirement from that office he was presented with a gold medal in recognition of 10 years continuous service on the board of directors.
Adelaide.
He left Victoria in July 1899 to live in Adelaide and take the role of managing trustee of the estate of Ralph Raphael.
Public Positions.
He was president of the Justice Association, chairman of the Liberal Federation, a representative of the Municipal Tramways Trust, representative of both the City and the Suburban Local Boards of Health on the Central Board of Health, representative of the Adelaide Local Board of Health on the Metropolitan County Board under the Food and Drugs Act, member of the Metropolitan Infectious Diseases Hospital Board and held important positions in other organisations. He was also a land agent and an adjustor of fire claims.
Personal.
He was a football enthusiast, a master of the St Andrews Masonic Lodge, a master of the Southern Cross Masonic Lodge, for three years chief president of the South Australian branch of the Australian Natives' Association, and president of the Adelaide Jewish Philanthropic Society.
Isaacs married Zelinda Rosetta Raphael, daughter of Ralph Raphael, one of the State's pioneers. She was born in London in 1857 and was brought to Australia as an infant. She died at her home, "Quevedo", 2 Main North Road, Thorngate, on 10 July 1937, aged 80, and was buried at West Terrace Cemetery.
She was survived by a son, R.R. Isaacs of Melbourne, and a daughter, Mrs. Mark Hains of Flaxley.

</doc>
<doc id="31088544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088544" title="2010–11 Malaysia Hockey League">
2010–11 Malaysia Hockey League

The 2010-11 Malaysia Hockey League kick off on December 3, 2010 and scheduled to conclude on March 19, 2011.
Teams.
Nine teams will compete in the Premier Division, an increase of three teams from last year, while seven teams will battle it out in Division One. 

</doc>
<doc id="31088550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088550" title="Tajikistani Supreme Soviet election, 1990">
Tajikistani Supreme Soviet election, 1990

Supreme Soviet elections were held in the Tajik SSR on 25 February 1990. The Communist Party of Tajikistan was the only legal political party at the time, with only independent candidates contesting seats. The CPT won 96% of the 230 seats in Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="31088551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088551" title="CVTCS">
CVTCS

Continuous Variable Valve Timing Control, which is known as CVTC or CVTCS, is an automobile variable valve timing technology developed by Nissan, similar to Toyota's VVT-i system. It is also used in a twin CVTC configuration on engines such as the Nissan Juke's MR16DDT engine.

</doc>
<doc id="31088565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088565" title="Makoto Kaneko (footballer)">
Makoto Kaneko (footballer)

Makoto Kaneko (born December 9, 1975) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31088567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088567" title="Richard Stearns (sailor)">
Richard Stearns (sailor)

Richard Irving "Dick" Stearns, III (born 1927) is an American competitive sailor and Olympic and Pan American Games medalist.
In 1963, he won a gold medal along with Robert Halperin at the Pan American Games in Sao Paulo, Brazil, sailing "Ninotchka".
He also started the company Lands' End, in the Spring of 1963, with Halperin, Halperin's close friend Gary Comer, and two of Stearns' employees.
He won a silver medal in the Star class at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, together with Lynn Williams.

</doc>
<doc id="31088568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088568" title="Alexis Pinturault">
Alexis Pinturault

Alexis Pinturault () (born 20 March 1991) is a French World Cup alpine ski racer and Olympic medalist.
Pinturault has seven World Cup victories through March 2014. He represented France at the World Championships in 2011 and 2013, and 
at the Winter Olympics in 2014, and was a two-time world junior champion in giant slalom in 2009 and 2011.
Early years.
Born in Moûtiers, Savoie, Pinturault grew up in Annecy. His mother, Hege Wiig Pinturault, is from Bergen, Norway, and he spent many of his childhood summers in Norway at Hestnesøy, near Grimstad. He has dual citizenship and was a double junior world champion in giant slalom in 2009 and 2011.
Ski racing career.
A week before his 18th birthday, Pinturault made his World Cup debut in March 2009 in Åre, Sweden. His first podium came two years later in March 2011, a runner-up finish in giant slalom in Kranjska Gora, Slovenia. That fall, he was also a runner-up at Sölden in October 2011, and gained his first World Cup victory in February 2012, in the parallel slalom in Moscow, Russia.
2013 season.
Pinturault was unable to make the season start in Sölden in October 2012, as he injured his ankle while playing tennis and had to pause for a three-month period. In December, he won his second World Cup race in a slalom at Val-d'Isère, where he thrilled the home fans with a brilliant second run under the floodlights to rise from sixth place. He convincingly beat Germany's Felix Neureuther by half a second and future World Cup champion Marcel Hirscher, who led by 0.57 seconds after the first run. Pinturault's third win was at the super-combined in Wengen, Switzerland, where his superior slalom skills were key. After placing 22nd in the downhill portion, he finished 1.15 seconds ahead of Ivica Kostelić of Croatia. The training run for the downhill portion was his first time on downhill skis for months, as he missed pre-season speed training after surgery on his left ankle in August to repair ligaments damaged while playing tennis. Pinturault did not medal at the world championships in 2013, but had four top-six finishes. A week later he claimed a fourth World Cup win, his first in giant slalom, at Garmisch, Germany. Second after the first run, Pinturault's total time was 0.60 seconds ahead of runner-up Hirscher. On 15 March, he was honored as the 2013 Longines Rising Star, as the top young racer (under 23) of the season.
World Cup results.
Season standings.
Standings through 16 March 2014 -->
^ Only two combined races scheduled; a crystal globe was not awarded.

</doc>
<doc id="31088578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088578" title="Tajikistani parliamentary election, 1995">
Tajikistani parliamentary election, 1995

Parliamentary elections were held in Tajikistan on 26 February 1995, with a second round in 20 of the 181 constituencies on 12 March. A total of 354 candidates ran for the 181 seats, although 40% were won uncontested. The Communist Party of Tajikistan remained the largest party, although independens won the majority of seats. Voter turnout was 84.0%.

</doc>
<doc id="31088585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088585" title="Lynn Williams (sailor)">
Lynn Williams (sailor)

Lynn Williams (born 1939) is an American competitive sailor and Olympic medalist. He won a silver medal in the Star class at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, together with Richard Stearns.

</doc>
<doc id="31088597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088597" title="Risa Shoji">
Risa Shoji

Career.
Risa Shoji began skating in 2002.
During the 2010–11 season, Shoji won gold and silver medals on the Junior Grand Prix circuit and qualified for the JGP Final. Her final score placed her in a tie for third with Chinese skater Li Zijun but the tie-breaker placed her in 4th. Shoji placed 5th in her senior national debut at the Japan Championships. She competed at the World Junior Championships where she placed 5th. In 2012, Shoji left her coach Naoki Shigematsu and competed at the 2012 Japanese National Championships without a coach. She has yet to make a decision on who her new coach will be.

</doc>
<doc id="31088602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088602" title="Captains Courageous (disambiguation)">
Captains Courageous (disambiguation)

Captains Courageous is a novel by Rudyard Kipling.
Captains Courageous may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31088604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088604" title="Media Coach">
Media Coach

Media Coach is a proprietary video motion analysis tool developed by Spanish media company, Mediapro, for the 42 football clubs of the "Liga de Fútbol Profesional".
The stadium-based software uses 16 cameras placed all around the stadium to carry out post-match analysis of player movement. Each system cost 400,000€ to install.
References.
Media Coach is person who gives feedback and instruction to someone who going to be interviewed by the media. The goal of media coaching is to improve the coaching recipient's content, branding and delivery. If the person being coached is going to be interviewed on television perhaps his or her clothing and other aspects of their physical appearance may also receive recommendation for change by the media coach. People running for elected positions such as president of the United States may get a speech coach or media coach to help them improve the way they are perceived via various media outlets. Book authors,corporate officers and corporate spokespersons may also hire a media coach.<The Pocket Media Coach publisher How To Books 2005> <Media Training A-Z by TJ Walker><Media Training 101: A Guide to Meeting the Press by Sally Stewart Published by John Wiley and Sons 2004>

</doc>
<doc id="31088607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088607" title="Tajikistani parliamentary election, 2000">
Tajikistani parliamentary election, 2000

Parliamentary elections were held in Tajikistan on 27 February 2000, with a second round in 11 of the 41 constituencies on 12 March. The result was a victory for the People's Democratic Party of Tajikistan, which won 36 of the 63 seats. Voter turnout was 93.4%.

</doc>
<doc id="31088608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088608" title="2011 Western Bulldogs season">
2011 Western Bulldogs season

The 2011 Western Bulldogs season is the club's 86th since their introduction to the VFL/AFL in 1925. Matthew Boyd was confirmed to be the captain for the season, and Rodney Eade remains as coach.

</doc>
<doc id="31088615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088615" title="Congregational Church of the Evangel">
Congregational Church of the Evangel

Congregational Church of the Evangel is a historic Congregational church at 1950 Bedford Ave. in Flatbush, Brooklyn, New York, New York. It was built in 1916-1917 and is an asymmetrically massed Late Gothic Revival style building. It is constructed of gray-green random quarry faced ashlar with cast stone trim, a variegated slate roof, copper gutters, and stained and leaded glass windows. The building consists of a nave with steeply pitched gable roof, low sidewall with engaged buttresses, a gabled side porch, a square bell tower, and a small gabled office annex. The chancel's elaborate furnishings and Tiffany glass windows were installed in 1927.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="31088621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088621" title="Satoru Kobayashi (footballer)">
Satoru Kobayashi (footballer)

Satoru Kobayashi (born August 26, 1973) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31088626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088626" title="Turkmenistani independence referendum, 1991">
Turkmenistani independence referendum, 1991

An independence referendum was held in Turkmenistan on 26 October 1991. Voters were asked two questions:
Both were approved by over 93% of voters. Voter turnout was 97.4%.

</doc>
<doc id="31088633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088633" title="Real closed ring">
Real closed ring

In mathematics, a real closed ring is a commutative ring "A" that 
is a subring of a product of real closed fields, which is closed under
continuous semi-algebraic functions defined over the integers.
Examples of real closed rings.
Since the rigorous definition of a real closed ring is of technical nature it is convenient to see a list of prominent examples first. The following rings are all real closed rings: 
Definition.
A real closed ring is a reduced, commutative unital ring "A" which has the following properties:
The link to the definition at the beginning of this article is given in the section on algebraic properties below.
The real closure of a commutative ring.
Every commutative unital ring "R" has a so-called real closure rcl("R") and this is unique up to a unique ring
homomorphism over "R". This means that rcl("R") is a real closed ring and there is a (not necessarily injective) ring homomorphism
formula_2 such that for every ring homomorphism formula_3 to some other real closed ring "A", there is a unique ring homomorphism formula_4 with formula_5.
For example the real closure of the polynomial ring formula_6
is the ring of continuous semi-algbebraic functions formula_7.
Note that an arbitrary ring "R" is semi-real (i.e. -1 is not a sum of squares in "R")
if and only if the real closure of "R" is not the null ring.
Note also that the real closure of an ordered field is in general not the real closure of the underlying field. For example, the real closure of the ordered subfield formula_8 
of formula_9 is the field formula_10 of real algebraic numbers,
whereas the real closure of the field formula_8 is the ring 
formula_12 (corresponding to the two orders of formula_8). More generally the real closure of a field "F"
is a certain subdirect product of the real closures of the ordered fields "(F,P)", where "P" runs through the orderings of "F".
Model theoretic properties.
The class of real closed rings is first-order axiomatizable and undecidable. The class of all real closed valuation rings is decidable (by Cherlin-Dickmann) and the class of all real closed fields is decidable (by Tarski). After naming a definable radical relation, real closed rings have a model companion, namely von Neumann regular real closed rings.
Comparison with characterizations of real closed fields.
There are many different characterizations of real closed fields. For example
in terms of maximality (with respect to algebraic extensions): a real closed field is a maximally orderable field; or, a real closed field (together with its unique ordering) is a maximally ordered field. Another characterization says that the intermediate value theorem holds for all polynomials in one variable over the (ordered) field. In the case of commutative rings, all these properties can be (and are) analyzed in the literature. They all lead to different classes of rings which are unfortunately also called 'real closed' (because a certain characterization of real closed fields has been extended to rings). None of them lead to the class of real closed rings and none of them allow a satisfactory notion of a closure operation. A central point in the definition of real closed rings is the globalisation of the notion of a real closed field to rings when these rings are represented as rings of functions on some space (typically, the real spectrum of the ring).

</doc>
<doc id="31088641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088641" title="Deeringothamnus pulchellus">
Deeringothamnus pulchellus

Deeringothamnus pulchellus is a rare species of flowering plant in the custard apple family known by the common names beautiful pawpaw, royal false pawpaw, and white squirrel banana. It is endemic to Florida in the United States, where there are perhaps 5000 plants remaining in severely fragmented habitat in three counties. The main threat to this species is habitat destruction and degradation. It was federally listed as an endangered species in 1986.
The beautiful pawpaw is one of two species in the genus "Deeringothamnus". One author suggested it be included within the other species, "Deeringothamnus rugelii", as a variety, which would make it a monotypic genus. This suggestion was not accepted and the beautiful pawpaw is still described at species level. It can be differentiated from "D. rugelii" by its narrower, more curved petals.
This species is a small shrub growing not more than half a meter tall from a taproot. The leathery leaf blades are somewhat oval, oblong, or spatula-shaped, measuring 4 to 7 centimeters in length. The inflorescence is a solitary flower nodding or held upright on a short peduncle. The sweet-scented flowers have varying numbers of fleshy white or pink-tinged petals that measure 2 or 3 centimeters long. The sweet fragrance of the flowers in this species is caused by benzenoid compounds including veratrole, and the alcohol linalool. The flowers are pollinated by a number of insects, including the beetle "Mordella atrata" and the thrips species "Frankliniella bispinosa" and "Thrips hawaiiensis". The fruit is a large yellow-green berry that may be up to 7 centimeters long. One flower may yield several fruits. The berry contains a few seeds each about a centimeter long or slightly larger. This plant sometimes hybridizes with its relative, "Asimina reticulata".
This plant occurs in slash pine woods on sandy substrates among other plant species, including saw palmetto, fetterbush ("Lyonia lucida"), shiny blueberry ("Vaccinium myrsinites"), dwarf live oak ("Quercus minima"), and tarflower ("Befaria racemosa"). It is known from three Florida counties: Charlotte, Lee, and Orange Counties. The Orange County occurrences are about 100 miles disjunct from the Charlotte and Lee populations. Both regions are becoming ever more urbanized, with wild habitat claimed for residential, commercial, and agricultural purposes. Many populations of this plant have been destroyed as the land was cleared. The remaining wild tracts are highly fragmented and isolated between stretches of developed land. These fragments are degraded by a number of processes, especially fire suppression. The habitat is naturally maintained by periodic wildfire, and this plant is fire-dependent. It requires fire to clear larger vegetation and brush away so it can receive adequate sunlight. It has also been demonstrated that fire increases the plant's flower production.
Other threats to the habitat and its plants include exotic plant species such as Brazilian pepper ("Schinus terebinthifolius"). Other possible threats include all-terrain vehicle use, feral pigs, improper use of herbicides, and damage to plants by the leafroller caterpillar "Choristoneura parallela".
Land management continues to be the main issue for this plant. Many of the remaining 39 occurrences are on protected public land, but even these are vulnerable to degradation and destruction because they are not maintained adequately. For the health of the plants, the habitat must undergo periodic burns and it should be protected from exotic plant species.

</doc>
<doc id="31088646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088646" title="Natasha Seatter">
Natasha Seatter

Natasha Seatter (born March 7, 1993 in Miri, Sarawak) is a Malaysian racing driver
Career.
Karting.
Natasha Seatter made her freshman debut in gokarting in 2005. She started her career as a junior member of the Klub Kart Selangor and placed overall 3rd in the KKS series in 2005. In 2006 she got two 1st places in the KKS club series. In the same year at the age of 11 years, she entered her first international race in Dubai using a Biland 250cc kart.
Since her debut she has competed in championships held across Malaysia, Thailand, Indonesia, Philippines, Macau, India, China, Singapore, Japan and United Arab Emirates.
During 2008, she placed 2nd in the Yamaha SL Cup Malaysian series and third in the senior ladies in Yamaha SL Cup, Japan. In the same year she was placed 4th in the Asian Karting Open Championship in the 125cc KF3 series with 5 podium wins.
Formula BMW, Formula Pilota, Formula Gulf.
Her racing career was elevated to the next level when she was awarded with the Petronas Formula Xperience (PFX) scholarship. Natasha defeated her male counterparts (of the same of age) in four PFX races. She is the first racer in PFX history to obtain 1st place four times in a row in the formula BMW racing car. The races were also part of the support race of the Millennium Endurance Race 2009 held at Sepang, Malaysia F1 circuit. Her unprecedented success secured her a spot in the Petronas Mofaz Racing Team in which she competed as the first and only female racer and was dubbed rookie of the year in 2009. Natasha became the first female Malaysian racer ever to race in the Formula BMW Asia Pacific Series when she competed as a rookie in 2010. In August 2011 she has been quoted as Asia’s fastest female formula driver in the local paper after her first podium win in the Pilota series in China. 
Natasha also gained international exposure by participating in the Macau Street Race, Singapore F1 Street Race and Okayama International Circuit, Japan and Buddh International Circuit, India. She also finished in the top ten racing in the JK Racing Asia Series at Sepang International Circuit and Guangdong International Circuit, China. In January 2011, Natasha was the youngest and only female racing driver who was tested and approved by former F1 champions, Nigel Mansell, Jean Alesi and the current lotus F1 development driver, James Rossiter to drive the new Lotus T125 at the Yas Marina Circuit, Abu Dhabi.
Natasha participated in the 2011 JK Racing Asia Series and her best race was in Singapore where she qualified as 3rd fastest and her best finish is 5th. She was invited as guest driver in the VW Women’s VW polo cup race in Chennai where she emerged 3rd. She also raced in the Formula Pilota China Series in Ordos where she was also 3rd. She took part in the Merdeka 12 hour endurance race in a Scirocco (the only female participant) and her team got 6th place in class. She has raced in the FG1000 formula gulf series in Dubai and Abu Dhabi where she has set the record for being the fastest female racer in the Middle East. In Feb 2012 she made history by becoming first female ever to win a race in the Middle East. In March 2012 she set the fastest lap time in the Yas Marina Circuit Abu Dhabi in the Formula FG1000 gulf series. 2011/12 Formula Gulf 1000 Series (UAE) Championship runner up with 6 podiums. 2012/13 Formula Gulf 1000 Series UAE Gulf Sport Champion with 10 podiums. She was invited as guest driver for 2013/14 Formula Gulf Series UAE in Nov 2013 and won 2 races and set fastest lap. 
Porsche Carrera Cup Asia, VW Polo Cup Race, VW Scirocco MME.
Guest standin driver for team Starchase, for the Porsche Carrera Cup Asia during the support race for F1 Shanghai in 2013.
Guest driver for VW Polo Cup Race in Chennai, India in 2011 (3rd).
Guest driver for VW Scirocco Team in Malaysia Merdeka Endurance Race 2011 (6th in class).
Malaysia Super Series MSS.
2013 Malaysia Super Series Championship Runner up with 4 podiums for the GT open category in a Radical SR8 despite having 2 DNFs for engine failure. 
Media.
She has been featured on covers of 2 international magazines, Intersection magazine Feb 2012 and Women’s Health & Fitness Feb 2012 and 8 local covers such as P1 Circuit Magazine (Jan 2010), Prestige (May 2010), Wanita (May 2010), 360 Celsius (June 2011) , Glam (March 2012), Majalah Wanita & Wawasan (March 2012) , Campus Life Magazine (Sept 2013)and Health & Beauty Magazine Malaysia (Dec 2013). Other feature stories appeared in Mingguan Wanita, Go karting magazines, Faces Magazine, Harper's Bazaar Malaysia, Harper's Bazaar Arabia, Cleo, Hanger, Crank & Piston, F1weekly, Female Racing News, Gulf news, Sport 360, sport 247 Malaysia, Unreserved, Seventeen, 2013 Malaysia F1 programme book, Brand Laureate Magazine, Berita Harian, Harian Metro, The Edge Financial, New Straits Times, The Star and The Malay Mail. 
She has appeared as guest in numerous radio and local TV and also interviewed on various sports news channels in China, Macau, India, Japan, United Kingdom, Hong Kong and also on ESPN Star Sports, Mobil 1 The Grid, and F1 Weekly. She was featured in the Spring/summer edition of Harpers Arabia as one of top 20 best dressed in Middle East. Natasha has big ambitions to compete in the GP2 Series, or Indy Car Series , Aussie V8 Supercars series and of course sets her dream to compete in the Formula 1.

</doc>
<doc id="31088650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088650" title="Ansito Walter">
Ansito Walter

Ansito Walter, Ph.D. is a politician and academic from the Federated States of Micronesia (FSM).
Walter served as the Governor of Chuuk State for two consecutive terms from April 1997 to April 19, 2005. He was succeeded by Wesley Simina in 2005.
Walter obtained a doctorate in philosophy from the former United States International University, which has since merged to form Alliant International University. He has worked as an academic at several universities throughout the Micronesia region since 1986, within and outside the FSM. In 2006, Walter joined the faculty of the School of Business and Public Administration of the University of Guam, where he has focused on expanding programs and curriculum for students of Chuukese descent.
A founding member of the Center for Micronesian Empowerment, Walter also sits on the board of directors of the Pacific Asia Travel Association and the Guam Charter Schools Policy Board.
In January 2011, newly inaugurated Guam Governor Eddie Calvo appointed Walter to the Guam Education Board. Calvo was forced to withdraw Walter's nomination, however, because he was not a U.S. citizen.

</doc>
<doc id="31088651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088651" title="Matilda (album)">
Matilda (album)

Matilda is the second studio album released by Stateless on Ninja Tune. The album was released on both 2CD which includes an instrumental version of the entire album and 2LP. The digital release that accompanied the physical media included a bonus track called "Matilda" as well.

</doc>
<doc id="31088653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088653" title="List of tallest buildings in Nairobi">
List of tallest buildings in Nairobi

Nairobi is the capital and largest city in Kenya. In Nairobi, there are 10 buildings that stand taller than . The tallest building in the city is the 38-storey, New Central Bank Tower. The second-tallest building in the city is the Teleposta Towers, standing at tall with 29 storeys. The Most recent skyscraper to be constructed, the Delta Office Centre completed in 2012, is tall, making it the 12th tallest building in the city. 
Nairobi's history of towers began with the Hilton Nairobi (1969), the NSSF Building (1973), and the Kenyatta International Conference Centre in 1974. Buildings in the city remained relatively short in the city until the late 1960s when the city experienced its first skyscraper boom. From 1960 to 1980, Nairobi witnessed a major expansion of skyscraper and high-rise construction. Many of the city's office towers were completed during this period, such as the New Central Bank Tower. A near twenty-year lull in building construction came after this expansion, though Nairobi has experienced a smaller second building expansion beginning in the late 1990s and continuing into the present. 
The tallest tower that is under construction in Nairobi is UAP Park Towers at and 28 stories. , there are 12 high-rises over 65 meters under construction, approved for construction, and proposed for construction in Nairobi.
As of 2012, Nairobi had 49 completed high-rise buildings, with 6 more under construction, and another 6 proposed.
Buildings.
This list ranks Nairobi high-rises that stand at least tall, based on standard height measurement. This includes spires and architectural details but does not include antenna masts.
Projects.
This is a list of projects over that are topped out, under construction, approved, on-hold and proposed in the city of Nairobi .

</doc>
<doc id="31088657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088657" title="Charles Rogers (sailor)">
Charles Rogers (sailor)

Charles Rogers (born 1937) is an American competitive sailor and Olympic medalist. He won a bronze medal in the Dragon class at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, together with Lowell North and Richard Deaver.

</doc>
<doc id="31088666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088666" title="Richard Deaver">
Richard Deaver

Richard Deaver (born 1931) is an American competitive sailor and Olympic medalist. He won a bronze medal in the Dragon class at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, together with Lowell North and Charles Rogers.

</doc>
<doc id="31088671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088671" title="Jo Good">
Jo Good

Jo Good is a British Broadcaster and current deputy presenter on BBC Radio 6 Music,
Career.
A radio 'anorak' since her early teens, Jo joined the radio industry straight out of school, aged 17. At this point she moved from Alnwick, Northumberland to Manchester. Working first as a travel reporter, then a broadcast journalist, she started presenting solo shows at 20. She worked in the media industry for a decade before joining BBC 6 Music. Among her previous work includes being a presenter on the music channel MTV, where she hosted "The Dancefloor Chart". She has also presented the afternoon show on XFM. In summer 2012 she completed a degree in English literature at the University of Salford.
She now presents a radio show at XFM
Personal life.
Jo Good lives in Manchester, with her partner and two rescue dogs.

</doc>
<doc id="31088676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088676" title="Turkmenistani presidential term referendum, 1994">
Turkmenistani presidential term referendum, 1994

A referendum on extending President Saparmurat Niyazov's term until 2002 was held in Turkmenistan on 15 January 1994. Niyazov had originally been elected unopposed in 1990, and re-elected unopposed in 1992, winning over 98% of the vote on both occasions. Official results showed that the proposal was approved by 99.9% of voters, with turnout reported to be exactly 100% of the 1,959,637 registered voters.
However, elections were not held in 2002, as Niyazov was declared President for life by the Assembly on 28 December 1999. He subsequently ruled until his death in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="31088677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088677" title="Akinori Kosaka">
Akinori Kosaka

Akinori Kosaka (born September 14, 1975) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31088685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088685" title="Raigiri, Nalgonda district">
Raigiri, Nalgonda district

Raigir or Raigiri () is a village under Bhuvanagiri mandal in Nalgonda district of Telangana, India.
There is one pilgrim centre Kundha satyanarayana kaladamam, all gods are at one place, Yadagirigutta Road,Raigiri,Bhuvanagiri Rural mandal 
There is a railway station in this village between Secunderabad and Kazipet under South Central Railway. This is the nearest station to reach the famous pilgrimage place Yadagirigutta.

</doc>
<doc id="31088688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088688" title="Harald Sæther">
Harald Sæther

Harald Sæther (born May 9, 1946), is a Norwegian composer with a diploma (MA) from Grieg Academy (2008) . He is member of the Norwegian Society of Composers and New Music Composers Group (NMK) where he was chairman from 2009 to 2011.
Biography.
Education.
Sæther is basically self-taught musician from the early 1960s, with guitar - later electric bass as main instrument. In 1963 he, along with three other boys formed a rock and roll group in Oppdal, Norway, The Spiritual Man Group. This group disbanded in 1966 and in 1967, he and four other boys formed the hard rock band Hapax Legomenon which was disbanded in the summer of 1970. 
In 1971 he started his musical education at the Veitvet Music Conservatory in Oslo with the violin as his main instrument. After three years at this institution he continued his studies up to the musician / music teacher at Trondheim Conservatory of Music in Trondheim until the spring of 1977.
Career.
After 25 years as a musician / music teacher, in 2001, he was badly injured in a serious traffic accident and had to interrupt musician career. This led him to The Grieg Academy in Bergen, where he earned master's degree (MA) in composition in 2008, with Morten Eide Pedersen as a supervisor. 
Sæther has had performances by Oslo Sinfonietta and Oslo Soloists Ensemble in Oslo, FMKV (Military Brass Band Orchestra) and the Grieg Academy Sinfonietta in Bergen, Trondheim Sinfonietta in Trondheim, Kristiansund Symphony in Kristiansund and several smaller groups and ensembles in both Oslo, Bergen, Stavanger and Kristiansund. In 2008 he had performances in the ULTIMA Oslo Contemporary Music Festival and the 30 year anniversary of New Music Composers' Group, in 2010 at Numusic Festival in Stavanger and in 2011 at the Borealis Festival in Bergen. 
Sæther is full-time free-lance composer and have his edited works deposited with MIC (Music Information Centre in Norway).

</doc>
<doc id="31088694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088694" title="Ancient Monuments Protection Act 1900">
Ancient Monuments Protection Act 1900

The Ancient Monuments Act 1900 was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom that aimed to improve the protection afforded to ancient monuments in Britain.
Details.
The Ancient Monuments Protection Act 1882 had begun the process of establishing legal protection for Britain's ancient monuments; these had all been prehistoric sites, such as ancient tumuli. By the turn of the century, the scope of the earlier legislation was felt to be insufficient, and the Ancient Monuments Act empowered the government's Commissioners of Work and local county councils to protect a wider range of properties. The act also allowed these groups to provide public access to ancient monuments, and to financially assist with their conservation.
Consequences.
In 1913, gaps in the legislation between the protection ascribed to monuments under the 1882 and 1900 legislation led to the a royal commission and the passing of the additional Ancient Monuments Protection Act 1910.

</doc>
<doc id="31088703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088703" title="Living Like a Refugee">
Living Like a Refugee

Living Like a Refugee is the debut album from Sierra Leonian band Sierra Leone's Refugee All Stars, released in the Europe on 25 September 2006 and in the USA on 26 September 2006.
Background.
Sierra Leone and Freetown in particular has a rich musical history with a vibrant live scene still active start of the 1990s before the start of the Sierra Leone Civil War. Reuben Koroma, the main writer on the album, was a professional musician in Sierra Leone, his band "The Emperors" regularly played around Freetown. In 1997 the violence of the Civil War forced Koroma to flee to neighboring Guinea where he lived in a UN refugee camps.
Recording and production.
The tracks on the album were recorded over a number of years with the help of the crew of the documentary Sierra Leone's Refugee All Stars. The earliest tracks, "Living Like A Refugee" and "Ma Fo Ya", were recorded live in refugee camps in Guinea by Banker White and Zach Niles while they were making a documentary about music in refugee camps. "Living Like A Refugee" was recorded at Sembakounya refugee camp as the band "played by the light of an oil lamp". The others were recorded in 2003 and 2004 at Sam Jones' Island Studios in Freetown. The album was produced by Chris Velan who was musical director for the film Sierra Leone's Refugee All Stars.
Musical style, writing, composition.
The songs on the album fall into a number of different music styles, with some songs a fusion of more than one style. The music on the album has been described as having a reggae style but others have said this is incorrect and as Sierra Leone’s baskeda music has a feel close to reggae, which the bands writer has commented about. Writing in the The Independent Andy Morgan describes this similarity as:
Other styles evident in the album include palm-wine and gumbe. The track "Kele Mani" "is lively gumbe, animated by bottle and hand-drum percussion and an ancient-sounding acoustic guitar." The influence of traditional West African music is present, for example gbute vange 
a style of music of Mende people in the track "Pat Malonthone". These styles are overlaid on a baskeda rhythm and given a modern feel with the use of electric guitars and drums.
The lyrics of the album's songs speak of the pain and horror experienced during the Sierra Leone Civil War and the displacement and uncertainty of life as a refugee but the lyrics also talk about hope, peace and love. Track 3 "Weapon Conflict" incorporates the African proverb "When two elephants are fighting, the grass dem' a-suffer." as its lyrics speak out against the suffering of civilians caught up in war. The lyrics to "Soda Soap" draw directly on experience as a refugee in the camps of Guinea. Soda soap is the home made soap that people were using during wartime; the song prompts people to respect what they can make themselves. The last song on the album is "Ma Fo Ya" a traditional song of blessing, about the song Mohamed Bangura says: "I am calling out to my friends to see if they are all safe."
Release and promotion.
The album was originally only sold independently, sold through the "Sierra Leone's Refugee All Stars film's" website and at film festivals screening the film. All the money from these sales were sent back to the band in Sierra Leone. The film's producers, Niles and White, also produced cassette tapes of the album for distribution by the band in Sierra Leone.
Critical reception.
Living Like A Refugee is described as an internationally acclaimed album.
Personnel.
Sierra Leone's Refugee All Stars
Additional Musicians
Technical

</doc>
<doc id="31088708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088708" title="Charles Horter">
Charles Horter

Charles Horter (born 1947) is an American competitive sailor and Olympic medalist. He won a bronze medal in the Dragon class at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, together with Donald Cohan and John Marshall.

</doc>
<doc id="31088712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088712" title="Ancient Monuments Protection Act 1910">
Ancient Monuments Protection Act 1910

The Ancient Monuments Protection Act 1910 was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom that aimed to improve the protection afforded to ancient monuments in Britain. 
Details.
The Ancient Monuments Protection Act 1882 had begun the process of establishing legal protection for some of Britain's ancient monuments; these had all been prehistoric sites, such as ancient tumuli. The Ancient Monuments Protection Act 1900 had continued this process, empowering the government's Commissioners of Work and local County Councils to protect a wider range of properties. In 1908 a royal commission concluded that there were gaps between these two pieces of legislation, and in 1910 the Ancient Monuments Protection Act was passed, allowing the Commissioners and Councils to receive ancient monuments as gifts, and making damaging the wider set of ancient monuments described in 1900 legislation a criminal offence in the same way as those covered by the 1882 legislation.
Consequences.
The operation of the combined legislation was felt to be unwieldy, and three years later the act was repealed, being replaced with the Ancient Monuments Consolidation and Amendment Act 1913.

</doc>
<doc id="31088718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088718" title="Nobuhiro Shiba">
Nobuhiro Shiba

Nobuhiro Shiba (born April 18, 1974) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31088719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088719" title="John Marshall (sailor)">
John Marshall (sailor)

John Marshall (born 1942) is an American competitive sailor and Olympic medalist. He won a bronze medal in the Dragon class at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, together with Donald Cohan and Charles Horter.

</doc>
<doc id="31088740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088740" title="G H Raison college of engineering and management">
G H Raison college of engineering and management

G H Raisoni College of Engineering and Management (GHRCEM) is an educational institute located in Pune, India, which is affiliated to Pune University (RTMNU). It offers Post-Graduate and Undergraduate degrees in the fields of computer,electronics and information technology and business administration and is part of the Raisoni Group of Institutions. It is approved by All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE).
Campus of G.H. Raisoni College of Engineering & Management, Wagholi, Pune is on Ahmednagar road, 15 km from Pune Railway station and only 4 kilometers away from the airport (see on google map).
Very close to the Industrial Area, the environment at the sprawling campus is conducive to academic pursuits like class-room studies and research. The ergonomic design of building helps to generate a feeling of spaciousness and tranquility, with ample scope for future development and expansion. The institute has much needed student-friendly atmosphere and the courses have a distinct advantage of approach, designed to suit the needs of aspiring employees and the Industry in the close vicinity. The Institute will establish closer links with the industries around through Training & Placement Department.

</doc>
<doc id="31088746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088746" title="Ancient Monuments Consolidation and Amendment Act 1913">
Ancient Monuments Consolidation and Amendment Act 1913

The Ancient Monuments Consolidation and Amendment Act 1913 was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom that aimed to improve the protection afforded to ancient monuments in Britain. 
Details.
The Ancient Monuments Protection Act 1882 had begun the process of establishing legal protection for some of Britain's ancient monuments; these had all been prehistoric sites, such as ancient tumuli. The Ancient Monuments Protection Act 1900 had continued this process, empowering the government's Commissioners of Work and local County Councils to protect a wider range of properties. In 1908 a royal commission concluded that there were gaps between these two pieces of legislation, and the Ancient Monuments Protection Act 1910. These were felt to be unwieldy, and the Ancient Monuments Act repealed all three in 1913, replacing them with a new structure.
One of the main sponsors of the bill was the former viceroy George Curzon, 1st Marquess Curzon of Kedleston, who saved Tattershall Castle, Lincolnshire in 1911. Until then, owners of a building could do with it as they pleased. The experience left a deep impression on Lord Curzon, who became determined that new laws had to be put into place to protect Britain's heritage.
The new structure involved the creation of the Ancient Monuments Board to oversee the protection of such monuments. Powers were given for the Board, with Parliamentary approval, to issue preservation orders to protect monuments, and extended the public right of access to these. The term "monument" was extended to include the lands around it, allowing the protection of the wider landscape.
Consequences.
By 1931, over 3,000 monuments had been listed with preservation orders, and over 200 taken into public ownership. Gaps in the legislation remained, however, leading to the passing of the Ancient Monuments Act 1931. 
Ecclesiastical Exemption.
A component of the 1913 Act which remains controversial to the present day is the Ecclesiastical Exemption from listed buildings control, covering all ecclesiastical buildings in ecclesiastical use. Subsequently, the Ecclesiastical Exemption (Listed Buildings and Conservation Areas) Order 1994 confined the Exemption to denominations deemed to have suitable internal control mechanisms in place: the Church of England, the Church in Wales, the Methodist Church, the United Reformed Church, the Roman Catholic Church and the Baptist Union of Great Britain. Some heritage bodies have urged the Exemption’s abolition, arguing that it facilitates irreparable damage to historic church interiors in the name of renovation. Howell and Sutton (1989) argued on behalf of The Victorian Society:
‘The maltreatment of churches is facilitated by the existence of the so-called “Ecclesiastical Exemption” . . . It is greatly to be hoped that this anomalous situation will soon be rectified. The Victorian Society has strongly urged the total abolition of the exemption for all denominations.’
The Church of England General Synod has expressed the ecclesiastical position:
'Those who minister in churches and those who have responsibilities in relation to the maintenance of churches and their contents, should rightly be conscious of their part in ensuring that churches are indeed "living buildings". This may often result in a desire to alter the interior of the church in some way to make it more suited to modern worship. You may also seek to add facilities, such as toilets, kitchens or meeting rooms, either within the building or by extending it.'

</doc>
<doc id="31088753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088753" title="Tamotsu Komatsuzaki">
Tamotsu Komatsuzaki


</doc>
<doc id="31088754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088754" title="Dallas Clayton">
Dallas Clayton

Dallas Clayton is an American author and illustrator best known for his children’s works in the "Awesome Book" series.
Early life.
Clayton began his writing career by self-publishing small run short story zines which he distributed in art galleries, music venues, and on street corners throughout the U.S.
"An Awesome Book" (series).
After the birth of his son Audio Science Clayton, Dallas was inspired to write, illustrate, and publish "An Awesome Book!", a 64 page children’s picture book focusing on the idea of “dreaming big.” After being turned down by several major publishing houses Clayton opted to self-publish "An Awesome Book!" by posting the book for free online and using mostly non-traditional means of distribution, after which the book became a commercial and critical success. With sales of over 50,000 copies to date, "An Awesome Book!" garnered accolades from online media outlets such as "DailyCandy", "Wired Magazine", and "The Huffington Post". The book also became a favorite among the Hollywood elite, including Gwyneth Paltrow, Christina Aguilera and Justin Timberlake. It even made a prominent appearance in the Joaquin Phoenix mockumentary, "I'm Still Here", in which Phoenix reads the book aloud.
With the publication of his 2010 follow up, "An Awesome Book of Thanks!", Clayton again decided to forgo the traditional publishing houses and inked a deal to become the first children’s picture book released by online bookseller Amazon.com’s new publishing imprint, AmazonEncore. "An Awesome Book of Thanks!" followed the pattern of "An Awesome Book!", this time delivering a message about the importance of being thankful. As with "An Awesome Book!", the follow-up was heralded by critics, leading media outlets to tag Clayton “The New Dr. Seuss.”
In 2011, The Hollywood Reporter announced that Clayton had signed a three book deal with Harper Collins as well a two book deal with Candlewick Press. "An Awesome Book!" received a full scale re-release from Harpercollins in March of 2012. 2012 also saw the release of "Awesome Book of Love!" (Harper). Extensive touring followed throughout 2013 in collaboration with Starbucks, which selected "An Awesome Book of Love!" as its iTunes pick of the week in honor of Valentine's Day 2013.
Clayton was the subject of a worldwide ad campaign for Google Chrome featuring his story and rise to success. In conjunction with the campaign Google helped translate "An Awesome Book" into over 20 different languages for free digital release.
Philanthropy.
Clayton founded the non-profit Awesome World Foundation in 2009 with the intention of traveling the world, reading to kids, and promoting childhood literacy. The foundation has donated books worldwide and collaborated with numerous brands and charities to help support various children's causes.
Other Work.
Since entering into the world of children's publishing, Clayton has carved out a loyal progressive fan base through extensive touring. Between tours he's released a collection of children's poetry entitled "Make Magic! Do Good!" (Candlewick Press) as well as producing successful collaborations with brands such as Nike, J. Crew, and Target.
Clayton was tapped by top editor Amy Einhorn ("The Help") to release a "children's book for adults" entitled "It's Never Too Late". "It's Never Too Late" was published by Amy Einhorn Books/G.P Putnam's Sons on November 7, 2013 and as of May 21, 2014, it ranked #61,365 in Books on Amazon. Clayton's 2014 releases include the titles, "A is for Awesome and "Lily the Unicorn".
Personal life.
Clayton was hired in 2009 as the editor-in-chief of "We Love You So", an art magazine founded by director Spike Jonze, designed to tie into with "Where the Wild Things Are", Jonze’s adaptation of Maurice Sendak’s classic children’s book. He maintains an art blog at Dallas Clayton Blog.
With actress Shannyn Sossamon, Clayton has one child, son Audio Science Clayton, who was born on May 29, 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="31088757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088757" title="Hindi kinship terms">
Hindi kinship terms

In Hindu families in India there is a name (title) for every relationship. In the Hindu Family Tree various titles are used to represent one's family members.
Tree representation.
People from Father's side.
Per Dada - One's father's father's Father
Per Dadi - One's father's father's Mother
Dada - One's father's father
Dadi - One's father's mother
Papa (Pitahji) - One's father
Chacha - One's father's younger brother
Chachi - One's father's younger brother's wife
Taya (Bade Papa) - One's father's elder brother
Tai (Badi Ma) - One's father's elder brother's wife
Bua or Phuphi - One's father's sister
Phupha - One's father's sister's husband
People from Mother's side.
Per Nana - One's Mother's Father's Father
Per Nani - One's Mother's Father's Mother
Nana - One's Mother's father
Nani - One's Mother's Mother
Ma - One's mother
Mausi - One's mother's Sister
Mausa - One's mother's Sister's husband
Mama - One's mother's brother
Mami - One's mother's brother's wife
Siblings.
Bhai(Bhrata) - One's parent's (share at least one parent) Son (your Brother, male sibling)
Behan - One's parent's (share at least one parent) daughter (your Sister, female sibling)
Brother's Family.
Bhabhi - Brother's Wife (usually applied for an elder brother's wife)
Bhatija - One's Brother's Son
Bhatiji - One's Brother's Daughter
Sister's Family.
Jija - Sister's Husband (usually applied if the sister is elder then you)
Bhanja - One's Sister's Son
Bhanji - One's Sister's Daughter
Your Family.
Main - First form ('I')
Patni - One's wife
Pati -One's Husband
Beta - One's Son
Beti - One's Daughter

</doc>
<doc id="31088766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088766" title="We All Had Doctors' Papers">
We All Had Doctors' Papers

"We All Had Doctors' Papers" is a live album by Welsh comedian and singer Max Boyce, first issued in 1975 and recorded at Pontarddulais Rugby Club. It was his fourth album release and followed his break through recording "Live at Treorchy". The album contains a mixture of comedic and traditional songs, along with Boyce's interactions with the crowd. Two songs on the album are in the Welsh language, "Sospan Fach" and "Ar Lan y Môr". It is the only comedy album to have topped the UK Albums Chart. 
Album.
"We All Had Doctors' Papers" is a live recording similar to Boyce's recording of the previous year "Live at Treorchy". Just as "Live at Treorchy" was recorded at the town's local rugby club, Boyce continued his connection with the sport of rugby union by recording "We All Had Doctors' Papers" at Pontarddulais Rugby Club. The album was recorded in one take over one night. The album title comes from the song "9-3" which appeared on "Live at Treorchy". Celebrating Llanelli RFC's 1972 win over New Zealand, the lyrics of the fourth verse follow; "But we all had doctors' papers, and they all said just the same, that we all had Scarlet Fever, and we caught it at the game".
Boyce, whose comedic songs are now linked to the sport of rugby union, included four rugby songs, "I Gave My Love A Debenture", "Deck of Cards", "The Devil's Marking Me" and "Pontypool Front Row", the later of which celebrates the Wales and British Lions trio of Graham Price, Bobby Windsor and Charlie Faulkner. Of the songs on the album "Sospan Fach" and "Ar Lan y Môr" are both traditional Welsh folk songs, while "Swansea Town" is written by Jack Davies; the rest are original works by Boyce.
The album cover and reverse is drawn by Welsh cartoonist Gren, who became the first cartoonist to receive a gold disc from the record company EMI. The cover shows a crowded and detailed rugby international match at the Cardiff Arms Park, hidden in the crowd are several notable Welsh sportspeople and celebrities, such as comedian Tommy Cooper.
Chart history.
"We All Had Doctors' Papers" was released in October 1975, and first entered the British album charts on 1 November at number nine. It rose the following week to number three before topping the charts on the 15 November 1975 replacing Jim Reeves' "40 Golden Greats". It only remained at number one for a single week, spending 17 weeks in total in the Top 40, dropping out of the chart on 17 January 1976. It was the first and only comedy album to reach the number one spot in the British charts.

</doc>
<doc id="31088774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088774" title="Ancient Monuments Act 1931">
Ancient Monuments Act 1931

The Ancient Monuments Act 1931 was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom that aimed to improve the protection afforded to ancient monuments in Britain.
Details.
The Ancient Monuments Protection Act 1882 had begun the process of establishing legal protection for some of Britain's ancient monuments; these had all been prehistoric sites, such as ancient tumuli. The Ancient Monuments Protection Act 1900 had continued this process, empowering the government's Commissioners of Work and local County Councils to protect a wider range of properties. In 1908 a royal commission concluded that there were gaps between these two pieces of legislation, and the Ancient Monuments Protection Act 1910. These were felt to be unwieldy, and the Ancient Monuments Act repealed all three in 1913, replacing them with the new Ancient Monuments Board to oversee the protection of such monuments. Powers were given for the Board, with Parliamentary approval, to issue preservation orders and to protect the lands immediately around an ancient monument.
The Ancient Monuments Act was passed in 1931 to deal with gaps in this system. In particular, the new act extended the definition of an ancient monument to include a cave or an underground archaeological artefact; it also extended the powers of the state to manage development in the area around an ancient monument, allowing them to introduce preservation schemes to protect the wider neighbourhood.

</doc>
<doc id="31088777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088777" title="Hidetoyo Watanabe">
Hidetoyo Watanabe

Hidetoyo Watanabe (born January 19, 1971) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31088780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088780" title="Héctor Pericás">
Héctor Pericás

Héctor Cristian Pericás Correa (born 4 May 1979) is an Argentine footballer that currently plays for Chilean Primera División club Cobresal as playmaker. He and the coach Luis Musrri are very closed friends, because he received the support of him when Pericás suffered the death of his wife in 2007 while he played for Deportes Melipilla. He also recognizes that is follower of Universidad de Chile, because Musrri was one of the most bigger idol of the club according to the fans in the 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="31088789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088789" title="Islamic Azad University of Anzali">
Islamic Azad University of Anzali

Islamic Azad University of Anzali () was established in Bandar-e Anzali in 1999 (1378H).It started its activities with only 120 students. In 2010, about 5000 students in several fields were members of this branch of Islamic Azad University.
The most important fields of study in this university are: architecture, civil engineering, law, fishery, mechanical engineering and management fields.
Azad university of Anzali and Azad university of Lahijan are two of the most important branches of Islamic Azad University, in the province of Guilan, in northern Iran..

</doc>
<doc id="31088795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088795" title="Avatar (short story)">
Avatar (short story)

Avatar, first published in 1856, is a "Fantastique" 19th century short story by French writer Théophile Gautier.
Plot Summary.
Octave de Saville pines for Lithuanian Countess Prascovie Labinska. Alas, she rejects his advances, and remains faithful to her husband, Count Olaf. Octave slowly drifts towards apathy, and his soul gradually deserts him. Octave's friends and relatives, who fail to understand the source of his illness, resort to a peculiar and rather mysterious physician who spent several years in India leading an ascetic life. The physician, Balthazar Cherbonneau, offers to swap Octave's mind with Olaf's using magic he learned in India. Cherbonneau tricks Olaf while he is visiting and successfully switches Octave's and the count's minds. Prascovie is shaken by what appears to be a change in her husband's personality, sensing Octave's desire for her in her husband's face. Meanwhile, Olaf is confused by the sudden change of bodies. He realizes that someone is impersonating him when he is denied entry to his residence.
Olaf, in Octave's body, challenges Octave to a duel to the death. Unwilling to harm their original bodies, the two men agree to go to Cherbonneau and fix the exchange. Octave, having given up on all hope of ever being loved by Prascovie, does not return to his body. Olaf reunites with his wife. Cherbonneau decides to take over Octave's cadaver, faking his own death.

</doc>
<doc id="31088797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088797" title="Courtenay Becker-Dey">
Courtenay Becker-Dey

Courtenay Becker-Dey (born 1965) is an American competitive sailor and Olympic medalist. She won a bronze medal in the Europe class at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta.

</doc>
<doc id="31088802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088802" title="College Club House and Gymnasium">
College Club House and Gymnasium

The College Club House and Gymnasium is an educational building located at 1416 College Avenue on the campus of Michigan Technological University in Houghton, Michigan. It is also known as R.O.T.C. Building. The building is the oldest existing building on Michigan Tech's campus, and it was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
History.
Recognizing a need for a social and athletic facility on campus, in 1902 the faculty of the Michigan College of Mines (now Michigan Technological University) pledged $1700 toward the construction of such a building. The students quickly raised another $5000 to add to the fund. By 1905, the fund had reached $18,500 and construction on the College Club House and Gymnasium began. The building was designed by the Marquette firm of Charlton and Kuenzli and was built by Herman Gundlach, who had previously worked in Chicago with Frank Lloyd Wright. Construction took place over 1905-1906, although anticipation was so great that the students held a dance in the facility before it was finished. The 1904-1905 Michigan College of Mines Yearbook described the function of the planned building as:
After completion, the building was used as a gymnasium, and for dances and graduation ceremonies. A clubhouse in the building was a predecessor to the student union. In 1949, the building was converted into the R.O.T.C. center for the Army and Air Force.
Description.
The College Club House and Gymnasium is a -story structure built of red sandstone, brick, and concrete. The front entrance and corners of the building are wood; vertical and horizontal architectural elements above the second floor are also wood, presented in the Stick style of architecture. The roof is steeply sloped, and the projecting eaves are supported with large brackets. Two gable-fronted ells project from the facade, with a lower gabled center section between.
On the interior, one side of the building was taken up by the gymnasium. The suspended running track still survives. The other end of the building consisted of the clubhouse, with a fireplace giving the room a club-like atmosphere.

</doc>
<doc id="31088803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088803" title="Daisuke Nitta">
Daisuke Nitta

Daisuke Nitta (born May 11, 1980) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31088804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088804" title="Thomas Firbank (MP)">
Thomas Firbank (MP)

Sir (Joseph) Thomas Firbank (1850 – 7 October 1910) was a British Conservative Party politician.
Biography.
Joseph Thomas Firbank was born in Britain in 1850. He was one of the seven children of Joseph Firbank (1819-1886), who had begun work at the age of seven in a Durham coal-mine but had become a prosperous railway contractor in South Wales and elsewhere.
In 1883 Joseph Thomas married Jane Harriette Garrett (1851-1924). They would have four children - Joseph Sydney (1884-1904), Arthur Annesley Ronald (1886-1926; who became celebrated as the novelist, Ronald Firbank), Hubert Somerset (1887-1913) and Heather (1888-1951).
In 1885 Joseph Thomas's father became High Sheriff of Monmouthshire. Joseph Thomas himself lived in South Wales, at St Julians, Newport, but also in London at Clarges Street and from 1886 at the Coopers, Chislehurst. He became High Sheriff of Monmouthshire in 1891. At the general election in July 1885, he was elected as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Hull East. He was re-elected in 1900 and knighted in 1902, but he left the Commons at the 1906 general election.
In "Who's Who" he described himself as "keen on all outdoor sports and athletics, music and objects of art"
He died on 7 October 1910. His widow died in 1924.

</doc>
<doc id="31088818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088818" title="Jesus, King of the Jews">
Jesus, King of the Jews

In the New Testament, Jesus is referred to as the King of the Jews, both at the beginning of his life and at the end. In the Koine Greek of the New Testament, e.g. in this is written "Basileus ton Ioudaion" ().
Both uses of the title lead to dramatic results in the New Testament accounts. In the account of the Nativity of Jesus in the Gospel of Matthew, the wise men (i.e. Magi) who come from the east call Jesus the "King of the Jews", causing King Herod to order the Massacre of the Innocents. Towards the end of the accounts of all four Canonical Gospels, in the narrative of the Passion of Jesus, the use of the "King of the Jews" title leads to charges against Jesus that result in his Crucifixion.
The acronym INRI () represents the Latin inscription which in English reads as "Jesus the Nazarene, King of the Jews" and states that this was written in three languages—Hebrew, Latin, and Greek—during the crucifixion of Jesus. The Greek version reads ΙΝΒΙ, representing .
In the New Testament, the "King of the Jews” title is used only by the gentiles, namely by the Magi, Pontius Pilate, and the Roman soldiers. In contrast, the Jewish leaders use the designation "King of Israel". The phrase has also been translated King of the Judeans (see Ioudaioi).
Use in the Nativity.
In the account of the Nativity of Jesus in the Gospel of Matthew the Biblical Magi go to see King Herod the Great in Jerusalem and in ask him: "Where is he that is born King of the Jews?"
The question troubles Herod who considers the title his own, and in he attempts to trick the Magi to reveal the location of the newborn King of the Jews. However, once the Magi depart without informing Herod of the location of Jesus, Herod orders the execution of all young male children in the village of Bethlehem, in the episode known as the Massacre of the Innocents () to avoid the loss of his throne to the newborn King of the Jews whose birth had been announced to him by the Magi.
Use in the Passion.
In the accounts of the Passion of Jesus, the title King of the Jews is used on three separate occasions. In the first such episode, all four Gospels state that the title was used for Jesus when he was interviewed by Pilate and that his Crucifixion was based on that charge, as in , , and .
The use of the terms King and Kingdom, and the role of the Jews in using the term King to accuse Jesus are central in the discussion between Jesus and Pilate. In Jesus hints that the King accusation did not originate with Pilate but with "others" and in he states: "My kingdom is not of this world". However Jesus does not directly deny being the King of the Jews.
In the New Testament, Pilate writes "Jesus of Nazareth, King of the Jews" as a sign to be affixed to the cross of Jesus. states that the Jews told Pilate: "Do not write King of the Jews" but instead write that Jesus had merely claimed that title, but Pilate wrote it anyway. Pilate's response to the protest is recorded by John: "What I have written, I have written."
After the trial by Pilate and after the Flagellation of Christ episode, the soldiers mock Jesus as the King of Jews by putting a purple robe (that signifies royal status) on him, place a Crown of Thorns on his head, and beat and mistreat him in , and .
The continued reliance on the use of the term King by the Jews to press charges against Jesus is a key element of the final decision to crucify him. In Pilate seeks to release Jesus, but the Jews object, saying: "If thou release this man, thou art not Caesar's friend: every one that maketh himself a king speaketh against Caesar" bringing the power of Caesar to the forefront of the discussion. In the Jews then cry out: "Crucify him! ... We have no king but Caesar."
The use of the term "King of the Jews" by the early Church after the death of Jesus was thus not without risk, for this term could have opened them to prosecution as "followers of Jesus", who was accused of possible rebellion against Rome.
The final use of the title only appears in . Here, after Jesus has carried the cross to Calvary and has been nailed to the cross, the soldiers look up on him on the cross, mock him, offer him vinegar and say: "If thou art the King of the Jews, save thyself." In the parallel account in the Jewish priests mock Jesus as "King of Israel", saying: "He is the King of Israel; let him now come down from the cross, and we will believe on him."
King of the Jews vs King of Israel.
In the New Testament, the "King of the Jews” title is used only by the gentiles, namely by the Magi, Pontius Pilate, Roman soldiers. In contrast the Jewish leaders prefer the designation "King of Israel", as in , . But from Pilate's perspective, it is the term "King" (regardless of Jews or Israel) which is sensitive, for it implies possible rebellion against the Roman Empire.
In the Gospel of Mark the distinction between King of the Jews and King of Israel is made consciously, setting apart the two uses of the term by the Jews and the gentiles.
The INRI and ΙΝΒΙ acronyms.
The acronym INRI represents the Latin inscription IESVS·NAZARENVS·REX·IVDÆORVM (Iesus Nazarenus, Rex Iudaeorum), in English reads as "Jesus the Nazarene, King of the Jews". states that this was written in three languages: Hebrew, Latin and Greek and was put on the cross of Jesus. The Greek version reads ΙΝΒΙ.
Devotional enthusiasm greeted the discovery by Cardinal Pedro González de Mendoza in 1492 of what was acclaimed as the actual tablet, said to have been brought to Rome by Saint Helena, mother of Emperor Constantine.
Western and Eastern Christianity.
In the Western Church, most crucifixes and many depictions of the crucifixion of Jesus include a plaque or parchment placed above his head, called a titulus, or title, bearing only the Latin letters INRI, occasionally carved directly into the cross and usually just above the head of Jesus. In the Eastern Church "King of Glory" (, "tês Dóxēs") may be used.
In the East (both Eastern Catholics and Eastern Orthodox) use the Greek letters ΙΝΒΙ, based on the Greek version of the inscription ("Iēsûs ho Nazōraêos ho basileùs tôn Iudaéōn"). Some representations change the title to "ΙΝΒΚ," ("ho Basileùs tû kósmu", "The King of the World"), or to ("ho Basileùs tês Dóxēs", "The King of Glory"), not implying that this was really what was written but reflecting the tradition that icons depict the spiritual reality rather than the physical reality. Some other Eastern Orthodox churches (such as the Romanian Orthodox Church) use the Latin version, INRI, which is the same to the abbreviation of the Romanian equivalent. The Russian Orthodox Church uses ІНЦІ ("INCI", the Church Slavonic equivalent of ΙΝΒΙ) or the abbreviation Царь Славы ("Carĭ Slavy", "King of Glory").

</doc>
<doc id="31088834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088834" title="Ralph Evans (sailor)">
Ralph Evans (sailor)

Ralph Evans (1924 – 2000) was an American competitive sailor and Olympic medalist. He won a silver medal in the Firefly class at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="31088849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088849" title="Groot-Bijgaarden">
Groot-Bijgaarden

Groot-Bijgaarden is a village and deelgemeente in the municipality of Dilbeek in Flanders, Belgium.
Toponomy.
The name Bijgaarden is derived from the Germanic word for enclosure. The appellation "Great" (Groot) was attached to distinguish it from the smaller Klein-Bijgaarden nearby, now in the municipality of Sint-Pieters-Leeuw.
History.
The earliest record of Groot-Bijgaarden is in the 12th century, when it appears as "Bigardis". This derives from the house of Bijgaarden. They made various contributions to the abbeys of Affligem and Groot-Bijgaarden. As a result of different marriages, the village come into the hands of the Veele Family, an important family from Brussels.
After many donations, Groot-Bijgaarden was publicly sold to the counts of Königsegg-Erps in the second half of the 14th century. 
It is a former municipality in the province of Flemish Brabant, Belgium. Since 1977 it is a subdivision (deelgemeente) of the municipality of Dilbeek. 
Geography.
Groot-Bijgaarden is situated between Dilbeek and Zellik. As of 31 December 2010 the population of Groot-Bijgaarden was 7591. 

</doc>
<doc id="31088859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088859" title="Leigh Loveday">
Leigh Loveday

Leigh Scott Loveday (born 1973 in Port Talbot) is a Welsh-born video game writer and designer. He is known for his unusual sense of humour with which he writes the material.
Career and work.
Your Sinclair.
Loveday began his career as letter-writer and reviewer to Your Sinclair in early 1990s. He was best remembered for his letters, which were not often focusing on video games material, rather being with humorous notes and titles like "Who buys Big Fun singles?" or "Star-Letter winning piece of doggerel". Loveday became somewhat infamous for letters, but he rose to prominence after submitting the "YS Complete Guide To Everything", which was a list of all games YS ever reviewed, with him making the list because he "was bored in Philosophy". However, the project did not make it to the marked issue of journal. Loveday also contributed to the YS2.
Rare.
In 1994 his talent of writing and humour was noted by British VG developer Rare, and they took him for work, with Loveday moving to England. During his years in company he notably wrote the script to DKC series and Blast Corps, designed the manuals of every Rare game and made the company's official site. At site he also provided feedback on fans through the popular section "Scribes". Scribes was remembered by fans as a quality service of feedback, which was provided with Loveday's trademark sense of humor. While designing the site Loveday created its mascot Mr. Pants, who would have a cameo in a number of company's games. Loveday also worked on the 2004 GBA game featuring Mr. Pants as its titular character. More recently, Loveday is notable for writing the entire script of . Up to this day, Loveday still provides feedback to fans through the Rare's new site's section "Mini-Scribes".
Other.
Loveday is a regular at retro games forum comp.sys.sinclair. His reviews from Your Sinclair are placed at site Your Sinclair: The Rock'n Roll Years, which was created in the memory of journal. He also reviews films at IMDB.

</doc>
<doc id="31088891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088891" title="Toshiki Koike">
Toshiki Koike

Toshiki Koike (born November 10, 1974) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31088893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088893" title="Vladislav David">
Vladislav David

Vladislav David (August 12, 1927 - March 11, 2014) was a Czech lawyer and leading professor of public international law in the Czech Republic.
Biography.
After finishing high school in 1946, Vladislav David entered the Faculty of Law of Masaryk University in Brno. At that time, Masaryk University Faculty of Law hosted a number of leading Czech law scholars, such as František Weyer or Hynek Bulín. David decided for academic career as assistant of the latter, however the communist persecution, which came after 1948 coup d'état, led to closure of the faculty in 1950. David then moved to Prague, aiming at academic career at the Charles University, however that didn't happen. He resigned on law profession and continued his life as journalist.
The communists eased the grip on society in 1960s in what is known as Prague Spring. Vladislav David took part in reopening of the Brno Faculty of Law. He started as assistant at the Department of International Law, and eventually became the head of the department. In 1975 he defended his dissertation at Faculty of Law of Comenius University in Bratislava and in 1981 he became also Doctor of Science. Apart from his duties in Brno, he held lectures also at the law faculties of University of Pavol Jozef Šafárik, Charles University, University of Leipzig, University of Copenhagen, Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv and University of Wrocław.
At the age of 65 he left the university activities and concentrated on advocacy. However, a few years later he returned to academic career and became professor of international law at the Palacký University of Olomouc Faculty of Law. Up to his final days, he was lecturing there, being also vigorously active in scientific work regarding issues of war conflicts, international terrorism and European law.
David's textbooks on public international law are used as primary teaching material at law faculties in the Czech Republic as well as in Slovakia.
In 2007 Vladislav David became Doctor honoris causa of Palacký University of Olomouc. On 19 February 2014, the university's management agreed to award David with the status of Professor Emeritus, however, he died on March 11, 2014 from Natural Causes at the age of 86, before the ceremony could take place.

</doc>
<doc id="31088902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088902" title="Invasion of Banu Qurayza">
Invasion of Banu Qurayza

The Invasion of Banu Qurayza, also known as the Massacre of Banu Qurayza, refers to an incident that took place in the Dhul Qa‘dah during February and March of 627 CE (5 AH).
The Banu Qurayza, a Jewish tribe in Medina, formed an alliance with the Muslim community led by Islamic Prophet Muhammad. This community soon faced a siege from Meccan forces who were in a state of war with the Muslims. According to the treaty between them, the Banu Qurayza would not take part in the battle against the Meccans, but neither would they attack the Muslims. The community survived the siege, but the Banu Qurayza betrayed the alliance by colluding with enemy forces.
The Banu Qurayza where subsequently besieged for 25 days until they surrendered and faced a judgement for their breach. One of Muhammad's companions, Sa'd ibn Mua'dh, who was also a member of an tribe allied to the Banu Qurayza and a former Jew, was agreed upon to act as judge. He ruled that "the men should be killed, the property divided, and the women and children taken as captives". Some sources claim that this sentence was derived from Jewish testimony and law. Muhammad approved of the ruling, calling it fair as it was according to the Jew's own laws. According to Ibn Ishaq, Muhammad said to Sa'd : "You have given the judgment of Allah above the seven heavens". All male members of the tribe who had reached puberty were beheaded. According to Daniel C. Peterson and Martin Lings, this judgment coincided with the law of Moses as stated in Deuteronomy 20:10-14. The Muslim jurist Tabari quotes 600-900 being executed. The Sunni hadith do not give the number killed, but state that all males were killed and 1 woman (the 1 woman is according to Sunan Abu Dawud). The rest of the woman and children were sold in exchange for weapons and horses, according to Islamic sources.
According to Ibn Kathir, Quranic verses 33:26-27 and 33:9-10 are about the attack against the Banu Qurayza.
The Banu Qurayza were allied to Muhammmad and during the Battle of the Trench they lent tools to the Muslims to defend themselves in Medina, but they did not participate in any fighting. The Qurayza were deeply offended by Muhammad's recitation of revelations which strongly attacked Jews, and according to Islamic sources (such as Al-Waqidi) they negotiated with the Meccans. Waqidi says that Muhammad had a treaty with the tribe which was torn apart. Norman Stillman and Watt claims that such a treaty was "doubtful" to have existed, though Watt believes the Qurayza had agreed not to assist Muhammad's enemies against him. Al-Waqidi has been frequently criticized by Muslim writers, who claim that he is unreliable. According to Mubrakpuri, Peters, Stillman, Guillaume, Inamdar and Ibn Kathir, on the day of the Meccans' withdrawal Muhammad led his forces against the Banu Qurayza neighborhood. According to Muslim tradition he had been ordered to do so by the angel Gabriel (Jibraaiyl).
Banu Qurayza.
The Banu Qurayza ( alternate spellings include Quraiza, Qurayzah, Quraytha, and the archaic Koreiza) were a Jewish tribe which lived in northern Arabia, at the oasis of Yathrib (presently known as Medina)
Jewish tribes reportedly arrived in Hijaz in the wake of the Jewish-Roman wars and introduced agriculture, putting them in a culturally, economically and politically dominant position.
Background.
Agreement with Muhammad.
The Banu Qurayza signed a treaty with Muhammad, but it is unclear whether or not their treaty with Muhammad, obliged the Qurayza help him defend Medina or merely to remain neutral, according to Ramadan, they had signed an agreement of mutual assistance with Muhammad. This stance is supported by medieval sources Ibn Ishaq/Ibn Hisham and al-Waqidi. Both Watt and Stillman believe that no special agreement existed between Muhammad and Qurayza. Watt, however, does agree that the Qurayza had agreed not to support Muhammad's enemies against him. He also notes that the Qurayza were allied to two Muslim tribes (the Banu Aws and Banu Khazraj). But nobody shows this agreement.
Battle of the Trench.
In 627 AD, Abu Sufyan, led an attack on Medina during the Battle of the Trench. The Qurayza did not participate in the fighting - according to David Norcliffe, but they lent tools to the Muslims, to defend themselves in Medina. The Qurayza were deeply offended by Muhammad's recitation of revelations which strongly attacked Jews. According to Al-Waqidi, the Banu Qurayza helped the defense effort of Medina by supplying spades, picks, and baskets for the excavation of the defensive trench the defenders of Medina had dug in preparation. According to Watt, the Banu Qurayza "seem to have tried to remain neutral" in the battle but later changed their attitude when a Jew from Khaybar persuaded them that Muhammad was sure to be overwhelmed, making them doubt whether they should help and ally with Muhammad and though they did not commit any act overtly hostile to Muhammad, according to Watt, they entered into negotiations with the invading army to reach a settlement. Musnad Ahmad ibn Hanbal no. 22823 also mentions that the Qurayza helped Muhammad by turning down Abu Sufyan when he wanted there help to attack Muhammad, and that Abu Sufyan was not happy with them.
According to Shibli Nomani, Ibn Ishaq writes that during the siege, the Qurayza readmitted Huyayy ibn Akhtab, the chief of the Banu Nadir whom Muhammad had exiled (during the Invasion of Banu Nadir), At this point, some historians believe that Huyayy tore into pieces the agreement between Ka'b and Muhammad, though other historians doubt that a special agreement existed (see above). Whatever the treaty, rumours began to spread that the Qurayza had "defected". So Muhammad sent some men to confirm this. According to William Muir, the Qurayza said to the men "Who is Mohamet, and who is the Apostle of God, that we should obey him? There is no bond or compact between us and him." 
Reason for attack.
Muslims considered the support of Banu Qurayza for the Quraishies in the Battle of the Trench as a Treachery and Breach of Covenant and the Agreement with Muslims (Banu Qurayza believed that Quraish will win the Battle especially with 10,000 armed men against 3,000), Thus, Muslims wanted to get rid of the hidden enemies in Al-Madinah.
According to Peters and Stillman, on the day of the Meccans' withdrawal, Muhammad led his forces against the Banu Qurayza neighborhood. According to the Muslim tradition, he had been ordered to do so by the angel Gabriel.
According to The Sealed Nectar, a modern Islamic biography of Muhammad written by the Indian Muslim author Saif ur-Rahman Mubarakpuri, the Angel Gabriel visited Muhammad while he was washing clothes at Umm Salama’s house, asking that he should unsheathe his sword and to go to the Banu Qurayza and fight them. Mubarakpuri claims Gabriel said that he with a procession of angels would go ahead the fort of Banu Qurayza and cast fear in their hearts. This is also mentioned in the Sunni hadith collections in .
Ibn Kathir, mentioned the sequence of events in his Tafsir, as follows:
Muhammad, immediately summoned the prayer caller and ordered him to announce fresh hostilities against Banu Quraiza, institued Ibn Umm Maktum as a ruler of Madinah, and entrusted the banner of war to ‘Ali bin Abi Talib who marched towards the appointed target and came close enough to hear the Banu Qurayza abusing Muhammad, who on his part set out at the head of 3000 infantry men and 30 horsemen of Ansar (Helpers) and Muhajireen (Emigrants).
Siege of Banu Qurayza.
When they reached the habitations of Banu Quraiza, they laid tight siege to their forts.
According to Mubrakpuri, Muslims continued their siege for many days and were getting tired. Ali and Az-Zubair bin ‘Awwam proceeded with ‘Ali swearing that he would never stop until he had either stormed their garrisons or been martyred like Hamza.
Muhammad meanwhile asked one of his poets, Hasam bin Thabit to abuse them with his poems. This is mentioned in 
Demise of Banu Qurayza.
Surrender and execution.
After their garrisons were stormed by Ali they had no choice but to comply with Muhammad's judgement. Muhammad ordered that the men should be handcuffed, and this was done under the supervision of Muhammad bin Salamah Al-Ansari while the women and children were isolated in confinement. Thereupon Al-Aws tribe interceded begging Muhammad to be lenient towards them. He suggested that Sa‘d bin Mu‘adh a Muslim convert who was a former ally of the tribe, should decide their fate.
Muir holds that the Qurayza surrendered on the condition that "their fate was decided by their allies, the Bani Aws" but mentions that Sa'd wanted to get revenge and that he said "Suffer me not to die until my heart hadth had its revenge against them". Stillman also made the same claim, he said: "Sa`d took the hint and condemned the adult males to death and the hapless women and children to slavery." Furthermore, Stillman infers from Abu Lubaba's gesture that Muhammad had decided the fate of the Qurayza even before their surrender.
According to Mubrakpuri, Stillman, Peters and Adil and Muir, when Sa'd arrived, his fellow Aws pleaded for leniency towards the Qurayza and on his request pledged that they would abide by his decision. He then pronounced that "the men should be killed, the property divided, and the women and children taken as captives". Muhammad approved of the ruling, calling it similar to God's judgment. Mubarakpuri states that the tribe who reached puberty were beheaded. No Sunni Hadith or Prophetic biography of Muhammad source evokes Deuteronomy or any law of Moses.
Sa'd dismissed the pleas of the Aws, according to Watt because being close to death and concerned with his afterlife, he put what he considered "his duty to God and the Muslim community" before tribal allegiance. Tariq Ramadan argues that Muhammad deviated from his earlier, more lenient treatment of prisoners as this was seen as "as sign of weakness if not madness" and Peterson concurs that the Muslims wanted to deter future treachery by severe punishment.
This is also mentioned in the Sunni hadith collections, stating:
A large arsenal of the Banu Qurayza which consisted of 1500 swords, 2000 spears, 300 armours and 500 shields, were confiscated by Muhammad. Trenches were dug in the bazaar of Madinah and a number of Jews between six and seven hundred were beheaded therein.
Huyai, a chief of Bani Nadir and Safiyah’s father, had joined the ranks of Banu Quraiza when Quraish and Ghatfan defected, was admitted into the audience of Muhammad with his hands tied to his neck with a rope. In audacious defiance, he declared obstinate enmity to Muhammad. He was ordered to sit down, and was beheaded on the spot.
According to Mubrakpuri, only one woman of the Jews was killed because she had killed a Muslim warrior by flinging a grinding stone upon him. This is also mentioned in Sunni Hadith collections:
A few elements of the enemy embraced Islam and their lives, wealth and children were spared. As for the spoils of the war, Muhammad divided them. Women captives were sent to Najd to be exchanged with horses and weaponry. In the process of the siege laid to Banu Quraiza, one man of the Muslims, Khallad bin Suwaid was killed when a woman of the Jews dropped the grinding stone on him, and another, Abu Sinan bin Mihsan, the brother of ‘Ukasha, died. The siege of Banu Quraiza’s forts lasted for 25 days.
Executioners.
Several accounts note Muhammad's companions as executioners, Ali and Al-Zubayr in particular, and that each clan of the Aws was also charged with killing a group of Qurayza men. Subhash Inamdar argues that this was done in order to avoid the risk of further conflicts between Muhammad and the Aws. According to Inamdar, Muhammad wanted to distance himself from the events and, had he been involved, would have risked alienating some of the Aws. the Banu Aws were allied to the Banu Qurayza and Muhammad.
Islamic primary sources.
Quran.
The event is supposedly referenced in the Quran:
Ibn Kathir commentary of the verse in his Tafsir is as follows:
According to Ibn Kathir, Quran 33:09 and 33:10 is also related to the Banu Qurayza.
Hadith literature.
According to Kister all male members of the tribe who reached puberty were beheaded, Ibn Kathir says those who did not reach adolescence were taken prisoners instead of being killed. This is also mentioned in the Sunni hadith collection Abu Dawud:
According to Mubrakpuri, Peters, Stillman, Guillaume and Inamdar, Islamic tradition says that the angel Gabriel told Muhammad to go and attack the Qurayza. This is also mentioned in the Sunni hadith collection Sahih Bukhari:
The event is also mentioned in , , , , and many others.
Biographical literature.
The early Muslim jurist Tabari and Ibn Hisham also mention this event stating 600-900 were killed. Tabari's account is as follows:
Al-Waqidi has also written on these events, though his reliability has been called into question by Muslim writers.

</doc>
<doc id="31088915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088915" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Phelps County, Missouri">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Phelps County, Missouri

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Phelps County, Missouri.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Phelps County, Missouri, United States. Latitude and longitude coordinates are provided for many National Register properties and districts; these locations may be seen together in a Google map.
There are 10 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="31088920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088920" title="Patricia Van Pelt Watkins">
Patricia Van Pelt Watkins

Patricia Van Pelt Watkins is a member of the Illinois Senate, representing the 5th district, which is located on the West Side of Chicago. Prior to her service as a member of the Illinois Senate she was a community activist and ran for Mayor of Chicago.
Early life and career.
Watkins was born on the Near North Side and raised in the Cabrini Green's public housing. Inspired by her mother's ability to work, raise her children and go to school, she took a job as a steelworker while taking classes at Truman College. She earned a bachelor's in public administration and became a CPA after taking accounting classes at DePaul University.
Using her life experience and education, she founded Target Development Corp which worked to improve communities. This including teaching residents how to peacefully evict drug dealers from their neighborhoods. In 2009, she earned a doctorate degree in management of non profit organizations from Capella University.
Joined the company 5LINX as an Independent Marketing Representative in December 2013 and broke the current record for fastest promotion to Senior Vice President on February 3, 2014. The company record is now 59 days.
Chicago mayoral election, 2011.
In 2010, Watkins announced that she was going to run for mayor in order to bring ideas to the forefront that had been forgotten about. During the campaign, she was accused of "being strung out on crack for twenty years," by candidate and former US Senator Carol Mosley Braun, which Watkins credits to her future political success. She finished fifth on election day.
Illinois State Senator.
2012 Senate election.
In 2011, Watkins announced that she would challenge Annazette Collins for the Illinois Senate's 5th district. During the primary election she was endorsed by several aldermen from the fifth district, and the Chicago Journal. She was also endorsed by Illinois Secretary of State Jesse White, who previously supported Collins, after Collins's corruption came to the forefront. Watkins beat Collins by a 54%-46% margin.
Tenure.
Watkins was sworn in on January 9, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="31088928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088928" title="Goryachiye Klyuchi, Kurilsky District, Sakhalin Oblast">
Goryachiye Klyuchi, Kurilsky District, Sakhalin Oblast

Goryachiye Klyuchi () is a rural locality (a "selo") in Kurilsky District of Sakhalin Oblast, Russia, located on the Iturup Island.
The main responsibility for the defence of the Kuril Islands falls to the 18th Machine Gun Artillery Division of the Eastern Military District. The headquarters of the Division are located in Goryachiye Klyuchi.
Postal code: 694534.

</doc>
<doc id="31088934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088934" title="Belka, Western Australia">
Belka, Western Australia

Belka is a small town located in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia between the towns of Bruce Rock and Merredin. 
The town originated as a station along the railway line for both passengers and heavy goods which was gazetted in 1914. The word is Aboriginal in origin and is thought to mean "Ankle". A town hall was built in 1915 and a dam was also completed in the same year.

</doc>
<doc id="31088935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088935" title="Cüneyt Bey of Aydın">
Cüneyt Bey of Aydın

Cuneyd Bey (before 1402 – 1424), also known as İzmiroğlu Cüneyt, was the ruler () of Aydinid principality in what is now modern Turkey in the early 15th century. He actively participated in Ottoman Interregnum, where he made a name as an intriguer.
Background.
Beylik of Aydın was a small Turkmen principality in western Anatolia established after the disintegration of Seljuq Sultanate of Rûm. The capital of the beylik was Birgi and Selçuk (both in İzmir Province, modern Turkey). The beylik controlled the middle section of Aegean Sea coast, and was a minor sea power. (see Umur the Lion) Although the beylik was dissolved by the Ottoman Empire in 1390, it was restored after the Battle of Ankara in 1402, in which the Ottoman sultan Beyazit I was defeated by Temur. After a civil war in the beylik, Cüneyt of the Aydın dynasty, who was the governor of İzmir defeated other claimants to throne and became the bey of Aydın in 1403.
During Ottoman interregnum (1402-1413).
During Ottoman interregnum, Cüneyt supported İsa Çelebi and captured the forts of Alaşehir (Philadelphia), Kemalpaşa (Nif) and Sardis all in the Aegean hinterland. But soon Süleyman Çelebi, the most powerful of the fighting Ottoman princes, began invading Aegean Region in 1406. Although Cüneyt tried to fight, he was betrayed (or thought that he was betrayed) by his allies (like the beylik of Mentese) and he surrendered. Süleyman pardoned him and he continued ruling on his beylik. When Süleyman returned to Rumeli, the European portion of the empire, to fight against Musa Çelebi, Cüneyt accompanied him as the sanjak-bey (governor) of Ohrid (in modern Macedonia). During the later stages of the interregnum, Cüneyt returned to Anatolia and firmly reestablished his beylik.
During the reign of Mehmet I (1413-1421).
After the interregnum, Ottoman sultan Mehmet I returned to Anatolia in 1415. He captured the forts Aliağa (Kymai), Kemalpaşa and finally İzmir. Cüneyt was once more given pardon. But his beylik was incorporated into Ottoman realm, and he was appointed as the sanjak bey (governor) of Nikopol, today in Bulgaria. In Rumeli, he began supporting Mustafa Çelebi, another son of Beyazıt, who was not active during the interregnum years, but revolted against his younger brother. However, Mustafa's forces were defeated by Mehmet I, and Cüneyt as well as Mustafa escaped to Byzantine territory, where Cüneyt was cloistered in the monastery of Pammakaristos Church in Constantinople, today İstanbul.
During the reign of Murad II (after 1421).
In 1421, Mehmet I died and Byzantines encouraged Mustafa to revolt against Murat II, Mehmet's 17-year old son. Cüneyt escaped from the monastery and once more joined Mustafa Çelebi, who declared himself as the sultan in Rumeli. In 1422, Cüneyt followed Mustafa to Anatolia. But he betrayed him in Ulubat, when Murat's army showed up. He returned to his former territory and declared himself as the sultan. He also tried to form alliances with the Republic of Venice and Karamanids against the Ottoman Empire. But when his son was captured by the Ottomans, he retreated to Ìpsili, today Doğanbey, a town in İzmir Province. Nevertheless an Ottoman commander, who was supported by the fleet of Genoa laid a siege on İpsili in 1424. Cüneyt was defeated and executed.

</doc>
<doc id="31088936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088936" title="Jim Barton (sailor)">
Jim Barton (sailor)

Jim Barton (born 1956) is an American competitive sailor and Olympic medalist. He won a bronze medal in the Soling class at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, together with Jeff Madrigali and Kent Massey.

</doc>
<doc id="31088946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088946" title="Hiroshi Otsuki">
Hiroshi Otsuki

Hiroshi Otsuki (born April 23, 1980) is a Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31088959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088959" title="Jeff Madrigali">
Jeff Madrigali

Jeff Madrigali (born 1956) is an American competitive sailor and Olympic medalist. He won a bronze medal in the Soling class at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, together with Jim Barton and Kent Massey.

</doc>
<doc id="31088974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088974" title="Kent Massey">
Kent Massey

Kent Massey (born 1952) is an American competitive sailor and Olympic medalist. He won a bronze medal in the Soling class at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, together with Jim Barton and Jeff Madrigali.

</doc>
<doc id="31088979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088979" title="Kazuhiko Tanabe">
Kazuhiko Tanabe

Kazuhiko Tanabe (田辺 和彦, born June 3, 1981) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31088992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088992" title="Tumbes Peninsula">
Tumbes Peninsula

Tumbes Peninsula is a peninsula in Bío Bío Region, Chile. It connects to the mainland through the Plains of Talcahuano where the city of Talcahuano is located. The peninsula points northward, making the city of Talcahuano an excellent port and allowing port facilities and harbours to be located in its east side. Most of the peninsula is covered by monocultures of exotic trees which are harvested by clearcutting.

</doc>
<doc id="31088996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088996" title="The Darling Buds of May (novel)">
The Darling Buds of May (novel)

The Darling Buds of May is a novel by British writer H. E. Bates, first published in 1958. It was the first of a series of five novels about the Larkins, a rural family from Kent.
The plot involves Pop, Ma, and Mariette Larkin beguiling Charley, a timid and naive tax inspector, into abandoning his investigations to take up residence on the family farm.
The novel was loosely adapted into the film "The Mating Game" in 1959. ITV produced a television series based on the novel and its sequels, "The Darling Buds of May", which ran from 1991 to 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="31088998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31088998" title="Editorial Bruguera">
Editorial Bruguera

Bruguera was a Spanish publishing house based in Barcelona, which was devoted mainly to the production of popular literature and comics. It was created in 1910 as "El Gato Negro", changed its name in 1940 and came to possess, as indicated by Jesús Cuadrado:
It was dissolved in 1986 and briefly revived as part of Grupo Z in 2006 but today only Bruguera Mexicana S.A continues publishing and editing books -mainly western- in Mexico, Latin America and the United States.
History.
El Gato Negro.
It was founded in 1910 by Juan Bruguera Teixidó under the name El Gato Negro and specialising in popular literature, joke books and especially in comic magazines. They followed the example of the Spanish comic magazine "TBO" (founded in 1917) and in 1921 they created "Pulgarcito" which proved very successful. They published another twenty magazines including "Charlot" (1928) with content of "Film Fun".
After Juan Bruguera's death in 1933 his sons, Pantaleón and Francisco Bruguera Grane, succeeded him.
Classical phase.
Pantaleón and Francisco Bruguera changed the name from El Gato Negro to Editorial Bruguera in 1939.
In 1947 the publishing house increased profits with other comics such as "El Campeón" (1948), "Super Pulgarcito" (1949), "Magos de la Risa" (1949) and "El DDT" (1951); romance novels of Corín Tellado and western novels (notably the ones of Marcial Lafuente Estefanía) and adventure comics such as "El Cachorro" or "Capitán Trueno". In 1957 a group of comic artists tried to secede from the publisher and founded their own magazine "Tío Vivo", but they didn't succeed and in 1960 the magazine was acquired by Bruguera. Bruguera also published a comic for girls "Sissi".
By then, Bruguera was one of the largest publishers of comics in Spain, among with Cliper, Hispano Americana y Toray. Over time, the family business also became a truly multinational publisher, being implemented in several countries in Latin America.
Other directions.
Since the mid-1960s, they launched new magazines such as "Din Dan" (1965), "Bravo" (1968) and "Gran Pulgarcito" (1969) in which the influence of television is clear. They also published in Spain Franco-Belgian comics such as Asterix or Blueberry, always beating their competitors.
In the 1970s they increased their production of comics, taking advantage of their feature characters and combining new and old material
In the literature field, they lost lawsuits against Corín Tellado and Marcial Lafuente Estefanía in 1974, so they started to publish material by Jorge Amado, Jorge Luis Borges, García Márquez, Juan Marsé o Juan Carlos Onetti. They also launched two pocket book collections: "Libro Clásico" and "Libro Amigo".
The end.
In the early 1980s books such as "Chronicle of a Death Foretold" by Gabriel García Márquez became big best-sellers, despite this the publishing house filed for bankruptcy on 7 June 1982. In 1986 it was acquired by Grupo Z and transformed into Ediciones B.
It was briefly relaunched under Ediciones B from 2006 to 2010.
Comics.
In the field of comics, the role played by the editorial Bruguera after the Spanish Civil War was fundamental, especially its humorous publications, with characters such as "Don Pío" (1947) by Peñarroya, "El repórter Tribulete" (1947) by Cifré, "Doña Urraca" (1948) by "Jorge", "Zipi y Zape" (1948) by Escobar, "El loco Carioco" (1949) by Conti, "La familia Cebolleta" (1951) by Vázquez, "El doctor Cataplasma" (1953) by Martz Schmidt, "El caco Bonifacio" (1957) by "Enrich (es)", "Mortadelo y Filemón" (1958) by Ibáñez, "Rigoberto Picaporte" (1959) by Segura, "Agamenón" (1961) by Nené Estivill and "Aspirino y Colodión" (1966) by Alfons Figueras. Directed by Rafael González Martínez. These artists were able to set up an easily recognisable style (called Escuela Bruguera), halfway between children's entertainment and satire of manners.

</doc>
<doc id="31089004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089004" title="Avaya ERS 8800">
Avaya ERS 8800

Avaya Ethernet Routing Switch 8800 or ERS 8800, is a modular chassis combination hardware router and switch used in computer networking, designed and manufactured by Avaya. When an 8000 Chassis is equipped with the 8895 SF/CPU, this system is known as an Ethernet Routing Switch 8800; conversely, when equipped with an 8692 SF/CPU module (with SuperMezz) the system is known as an Ethernet Routing Switch 8600.
History.
On December 2011 this system completed evaluation and certification by the U.S. Joint Interoperability Test Command (JITC) testing center for use in the United States Department of Defense as an Assured Services Local Area Network (ASLAN).
General performance.
The switch architecture for the Ethernet Routing Switch 8800 supports up to 720 gigabits per second of gross throughput. The switch fabric performs up to 512 gigabits per second in an active/active configuration with a frame forwarding rate of up to 380 million packets per second. The frame length is from 64 to 1,518 bytes, with Jumbo frame support of up to 9,600 bytes. The 8800 supports up to 128 groups of multi-link trunks, with 8 links per group; additionally, it can also support up to 4,000 VLANs, 32 multiple spanning tree groups, 64 thousand MAC addresses, and 1,972 IP interfaces.

</doc>
<doc id="31089008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089008" title="Ryugo Okamoto">
Ryugo Okamoto

Ryugo Okamoto (born December 5, 1973) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31089015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089015" title="John Mackinson">
John Mackinson

John Joseph Mackinson (October 29, 1923 – October 17, 1989) was an American Major League Baseball pitcher. He played for the Philadelphia Athletics during the season and the St. Louis Cardinals during the season.

</doc>
<doc id="31089018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089018" title="Lockwood Pirie">
Lockwood Pirie

Lockwood Pirie (1904 – 1965) was an American competitive sailor and Olympic medalist. He won a bronze medal in the Swallow class at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London, together with Owen Torrey.

</doc>
<doc id="31089028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089028" title="List of FC Bunyodkor records and statistics">
List of FC Bunyodkor records and statistics

FC Bunyodkor is a football club based in Tashkent that competes in Uzbek Professional Football League, the top football league in Uzbekistan, since season 2007. The club was founded in 2005 and played at the beginning in regional "Tashkent liga", after that club qualified 2006 to Uzbekistan First League. 
Bunyodkor set some various records in winning various official competitions since its foundation and appearance in Top Uzbek League.
Awards.
Club Player of the Year.
This award is organized by club and winner is defined by votes via club's official website.
Fair Play.
The yearly award given by UFF.
Player records.
Appearances.
Most official appearances.
"See also List of FC Bunyodkor former players
This is a list of players with the most officials appearances for the club in all competitions. Players whose name is listed in bold are currently playing for club. 
Statistics correct as of 19 November 2012.
Goalscorers.
All time topscorers.
This is list of club topscorers in all competitions. Names in bold indicate players currently playing in the club.
Season 2007.
Goals scored only in League matches.
Ilhom Mo'minjonov scored 16 goals for Bunyodkor of 21 and 5 goals for Lokomotiv Tashkent.
Award winners.
The following players have won the Footballer of the Year award while playing for Bunyodkor:
The following players have won the Uzbek League Top Scorer while playing for Bunyodkor:
Team records.
Uzbek League.
Points.
Most points in a season
Note: 1992-1994 Uzbek league seasons was 2 point system for a win.
Wins.
Most consequent wins
In the season 2008 Bunyodkor made a new record by winning 22 matches in the row. Previous record belongs to MHSK Tashkent with 20 consequent wins in the season. 
Goals.
Best goal difference in the season
With +72 goal difference in season 2009 "Bunyodkor" repeated record of "Pakhtakor" of the season 2007.
IFFHS World Club Ranking.
FC Bunyodkor is listed in "Top 400 club" by IFFHS. Actually the highest ranking of the club was reached in November 2008, the club ranked at 51st position.
In the newest annual list of "Top 400 club of 2011" published on January 13, 2012, Bunyodkor finished at 205th position.
"Last updated list: 1 January 2011 - 31 December 2011"' 

</doc>
<doc id="31089030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089030" title="Owen Torrey">
Owen Torrey

Owen Torrey (1925 – 2001) was an American competitive sailor and Olympic medalist. He won a bronze medal in the Swallow class at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London, together with Lockwood Pirie. Among the many accomplishments of Mr. Torrey, in the 1988 Vineyard Race, he navigated the IOR one-tonner "Ragtime", along with skipper John Georges, John Logue, Andrew Vare and Scott Stone, to first in class and first overall.

</doc>
<doc id="31089031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089031" title="List of universities and schools in Khulna">
List of universities and schools in Khulna

A list of universities and schools in Khulna, Bangladesh:
Schools.
The education system of Khulna is under the jurisdiction of the Jessore Board.
Besides, Khulna has six IGV (Integrated General and Vocational) schools and a technical school of UCEP (Underprivileged Children's Educational Programs), which is a non-profitable organization.
Technical school.
UCEP's Khulna Divisional office is situated at there.

</doc>
<doc id="31089051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089051" title="Commonwealth Mountain and Ultradistance Running Championships">
Commonwealth Mountain and Ultradistance Running Championships

The Commonwealth Mountain and Ultradistance Running Championships, founded in 2009, is a biennial fell running tournament operated by the Commonwealth Games Federation.

</doc>
<doc id="31089052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089052" title="Juan del Vado">
Juan del Vado

Juan del Vado y Gomez (1625–1691) was a Spanish composer, organist and violinist. He is noted for the enigmatic canons, symbolic musical puzzles, dedicated to his king Charles II of Spain.
He came from a family of violinists. His father was player of violin, lute and shawm in the capilla real.

</doc>
<doc id="31089055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089055" title="Church of St. James (Brno)">
Church of St. James (Brno)

The Church of St. James () in Brno, Czech Republic is a historic church.
The history of the church dates back to the 13th century. In 1995 it was designated National Cultural Landmark. There is a tomb of Louis Raduit de Souches, defensor of Brno from 1645, in the church.
In 2001, archeological exploration revealed the size of Brno Ossuary, an ossuary underneath the square by the church, , which is estimated to contain the remains of 50,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31089063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089063" title="Vijay Bose">
Vijay Bose

Vijay Bose (born September 21, 1927) is an Indian theatre director and actor, who also served at All India Radio (AIR), Allahabad from 1949 till his retirement in 1989, and is known for his radio plays and children's programmes like "Bal Sangh" and "Aao Bachchon", where did the role of "Bade Bhaiya" (Elder brother), which later became his nickname. He formed his theatre group, "North Indian Theatrical Association "(NITA) in 1949, with the help of some radio artistes, where not just acted but also went on directplays written by playwrights like Sharat Chandra Chatterji, Rabindranath Tagore, Kamaleshwar and Upendra Nath 'Ashk'.
Early life.
Vijay Bose was born in Haridwar 21 September 1927 . His father Late H.D.Bose was a Station Master. His mother was a house wife. Due to not having any interest in studies, he left his parents place for livelihood at Layallpur now Faislabad in Pakistan and joined as Fitter in Layallpur Cotton Mill, where off time he participated in extracurricular activities in cotton mills’s recreation club. There he was with Sh.O.P.Sharma (Mantriji) director of the dramatic club. From that place he was bitten by the bug of dramatics.
Career.
After he came back from Layallpur he auditioned in Lucknow All India Radio as Drama Voice in 1947 and got selected in very first attempt. At Lucknow after participating in many radio plays for about two years as a casual artist. In 1949 when Allahabad All India Radio Station was established the then Asstt. Station Director Sh.Sunil Bose ji called him here at Allahabad and Vijay Bose Joined as a permanent staff artist.
He served AKASVANI Allahabad for 40 years. In his 40 years stay at Akaswani Allahabad many famous poets and play writers such as Pt.Sumitra Nandan Pant, Dr.Ram Kumar Verma, Girja Kumar Mathur, Upendra Nath Ashk, Amrit Lal Nagar, Mahadevi Verma,Dr.H.R.Bachchan,Cine Actor Prithviraj Kapur Ji & C V Rao etc. had blessed Vijay Bose from time to time for his excellent voice texture and directing ability.
During his 40 years tenure of AKASVANI Allahabad he participated and directed about 1500 plays and also ably handled Children’s Programme BALSANGH from there he was famous as `BARE BHAIYA’. Apart from his day to day AKASVANI job he also established a drama troupe in Allahabad city in 1950, its name was North Indian Theatrical Association. He directed many famous plays like `Biraj Bahu’, `Anarkali’,`Alagh Alagh Raste’ `Bhartendu Harishchandra’, `Adhuri Awaj’, & `Parda Uthao parda girao’
During 40 years tenure of AKASVANI Allahabad and the North Indian Theatrical Association period few names are mentioned here who ably associated with Vijay Bose ‘Bare Bhaiya’ – Sri. Kaushal Bihari Lal, Sri. K.B. Lal, Smt. Shobha Berry (VOA), Chandramohan Sharma (UP Sangeet Natak Academy), Sri. Raja Zutshi, Sri. Palok Bose (retired justice), Late Devbrata Dixit (ex-commissioner Mirjapur), Sri. Ram Chandra Gupta, Dr. Niraj Tripathi etc.
Personal life.
Vijay Bose was married to Aparna a house wife. They have a two son Kamal & Sanjai and two daughter Keya & Kuhu.
On 17 February 2014 at 11:40 Hrs. Mr. Vijay Bose breathed his last succumbing to old age. As per his last wish his sons Kamal and Sanjay donated his eyes to the Eye Bank.
Bade Bhaiya has left behind two sons Kamal and Sanjay, one daughter Kuhu, two daughter in laws Kavita and Sampa alongwith grandchildren Siddharth, Tuhin, Aparajita, Neel & Nalin.
As of 19 February 2014 his donated eyes have been given to good use to two individuals as per specifications for the eye hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="31089065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089065" title="Arrows and Anchors">
Arrows and Anchors

Arrows and Anchors is the fourth studio album by the Texas progressive rock band Fair to Midland, released on July 12, 2011, by E1 Music in North America. In Europe, the record was released by Season of Mist the day before. The album was produced, recorded and mixed by Joe Barresi. The record peaked at #65 on the Billboard 200.
Release and promotion.
On April 4, the band debuted the album's first single, "Musical Chairs", on the website ArtistDirect.com. It became available on iTunes on April 18. On May 19, the band released the track "Amarillo Sleeps on My Pillow" for free download on their website. 
Reception.
The album debuted at no. 65 on the U.S. Billboard 200 chart, selling 7,000 copies and marking the band's highest spot on the chart.
Track list.
The live versions of "Rikki Tikki Tavi" and "Uh-Oh" were also released as B-sides on the digital single "Amarillo Sleeps on My Pillow".
No further tracks were recorded for the album, however several songs were considered for the album during pre-production:

</doc>
<doc id="31089067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089067" title="Liam McCarthy (GAA patron)">
Liam McCarthy (GAA patron)

Liam McCarthy (born on May 21, 1853 in Southwark, London, died 1928 East Dulwich, London) is best known for having the Gaelic Athletic Association (GAA) Liam McCarthy Cup named after him.
Early life.
Liam was born in Southwark, London to Irish parents who had emigrated from Ballygarvan, County Cork. His father Eoghan McCarthy was nicknamed "Capall", Irish for 'horse' because of his great strength. Liam grew up in a close knit Irish community; he played hurling on Clapham Common and Irish was the first language in the family home. After leaving school he worked as a blacksmith's hammerman and as a railwayman.
Marriage and business life.
In 1875, at age 22, he married Alice Padbury in St George's Cathedral, Southwark. The couple had four sons. Her family owned a fancy box factory and Liam joined the family business but a few years later he struck out on his own setting up a fancy box factory in the family home. After some years he set up a factory in Peckham which he called St. Brigid's works.
Political and GAA life.
Liam became a leader in London's Irish community and was elected a councilor for Peckham's north ward. He was also elected chairman of London GAA county board, a position he held for 10 years. Michael Collins and Sam Maguire were also members of the London county board. Despite his advanced years he joined the London branch of the Irish Volunteers along with his sons; he also was allegedly a member of the IRB. In 1915, Britain introduced conscription; a crisis meeting of the London branch of the Irish volunteers was held at his home in east Dulwich to discuss conscription. As a councilor Liam could not publicly advise men to avoid conscription but in response to question from Michael Collins he said, "If you come from Clonakilty it is obvious where you must go" - in other words advising them to return to Ireland where conscription was not in force.
Liam McCarthy Cup.
In conjunction with two of his sons, Liam commissioned the manufacture of a trophy based on an ancient Irish drinking cup. This cup was offered to the GAA central council in Croke Park and was gratefully accepted. It is awarded annually and in perpetuity to the winners of the All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship. his friend, Sam Maguire, presented a similar Cup for the winners of the All-Ireland Senior Football Championship(difficult to know how this could have happened when Sam Maguire died in 1927 and the cup was presented in 1928 by his friends) The first winners of the Liam McCarthy cup were Limerick in 1921.
The GAA club grounds in Ballygarvan are named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="31089069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089069" title="Gerli Liinamäe">
Gerli Liinamäe

Gerli Liinamäe (born 21 March 1995) is an Estonian figure skater. She is the 2011 Estonian national champion. She placed 13th at the 2011 European Championships and 14th at the 2012 World Junior Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="31089074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089074" title="Church of St. James the Greater (Prague)">
Church of St. James the Greater (Prague)

The Church of St. James () in Prague-Old Town, Czech Republic. The church is home to the Madonna Pietatis and the tomb of Count Vratislav of Mitrovice.
History.
The church was built in the 13th century for the Franciscans presbytery. It was built in the Gothic architecture style. The church was destroyed in a fure in 1689. The fire is believed to have been started by people working for Louis XIV of France. When it was rebuilt, it was rebuilt in the Baroque architecture style. The rebuilding included the addition of over 20 altars. Artists such as Jan Jiří Heinsch, Václav Vavřinec Reiner, and Petr Brandl created paintings for the altars. In 1702, an organ was installed.
The church is the final resting place for Count Vratislav of Mitrovice. He was accidentally buried alive in the tomb. The tomb was created by Johann Bernhard Fischer von Erlach. There is also a mummified forearm to the right of the tomb entrance, dating back over 400 years. The arm is the arm of a jewel thief who tried to steal from the high altar, which has a statue of the Virgin Mary. It is believed that when the thief tired to steal the jewels, Mary grabbed his arm and would not let go, therefore his arm was cut off by monks.

</doc>
<doc id="31089076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089076" title="Lyttelton Timeball Station">
Lyttelton Timeball Station

The Lyttelton Timeball Station was a heritage-registered time ball station and prominent local landmark in Lyttelton, New Zealand. The station was significantly damaged by a series of earthquakes and aftershocks in 2010 and 2011, and finally collapsed on 13 June 2011 after a magnitude 6.4 aftershock.
Context.
A time ball is a large painted wooden or metal ball that drops at a predetermined time, principally to enable sailors to check their marine chronometers from their boats offshore. While latitude has long been easily determined first using an astrolabe and later a sextant, timekeeping is one way of enabling mariners to determine their longitude at sea. The key to this was accuracy, as an error of four seconds translates into of actual distance at the equator, and at latitude 60 degrees.
History.
John Thomas Peacock, a businessman and politician, first came to Lyttelton in 1844. He built the first substantial wharf and was well established by the time large numbers of settlers started arriving six years later with the First Four Ships. Peacock first promoted the erection of a time ball station in Lyttelton as a Member of the House of Representatives, but his suggestion was rejected. He was also a Member of the Canterbury Provincial Council, and his suggestion in 1870 for a Lyttelton time ball found support. It was the third time ball in New Zealand, after Wellington (1864) and Dunedin (1868).
The station, which was designed by local architect Thomas Cane, was completed in 1876. The castle-like complex initially comprised an octagonal tower supporting the time ball and a three-storey building which provided accommodation, work areas as well as housing the clock. The materials used were local scoria and contrasting lighter coloured Oamaru stone. Additions were made to the building between 1877 and 1878 and again in 1912. The astronomical clock originated from Britain and the time ball was supplied by Siemens Brothers of Germany.
The tower was damaged during the 2010 Canterbury earthquake and the operation of the time ball stopped. The buildings were significantly damaged during the February 2011 Christchurch earthquake. The New Zealand Heritage Trust decided that it would be dismantled after engineering advice indicated that the building could not be saved due to public safety concerns. The Trust hoped to salvage the time ball mechanism and were investigating whether reconstruction was a viable option. The tower collapsed during an aftershock on 13 June 2011. On 25 May 2013, it was announced that the tower and ball would be restored, and that funds were to be sought from the community to rebuild the rest of the station.
Heritage listing.
On 7 April 1983, the building was registered as a Category I heritage item, with the registration number being 43. Including Lyttelton, there were only five time ball stations in working order worldwide at the time, and the one in Lyttelton was the only one remaining in New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="31089082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089082" title="Beth El Jewish Center of Flatbush">
Beth El Jewish Center of Flatbush

Beth El Jewish Center of Flatbush is a historic synagogue at 1981 Homecrest Ave. in Flatbush, Brooklyn, New York, New York. It was built in 1927 and is a two story plus basement, rectangular red brick building with decorative white glazed terra cotta trim. It has a tripartite front facade with a central parapet. It features Byzantine and Gothic Revival decorative elements.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="31089090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089090" title="Capilla real">
Capilla real

with small text "capilla real":
with capitalized text "Capilla Real":

</doc>
<doc id="31089103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089103" title="Masato Yamasaki">
Masato Yamasaki

Masato Yamasaki (born April 7, 1980) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31089109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089109" title="Melbourne Track Classic">
Melbourne Track Classic

The Melbourne Track Classic is an annual outdoor track and field meeting which takes place in early March in Melbourne, Australia. Currently held at the Lakeside Stadium, prior to 2012 the meeting was held at the Olympic Park Stadium.
The competition was inaugurated in the late 1980s at the Olympic Stadium and gained a place on the IAAF Grand Prix circuit in its formative years. It has remained on the major international outdoor track and field circuit, featuring as the opening race of the year on the IAAF World Athletics Tour from 2005 to 2009. It is currently the first race of the IAAF World Challenge series. The event is also the foremost meet of the Australian Athletics Tour.
The Melbourne Track Classic has featured many high level performances including continental Oceanian records by Tim Forsyth in the men's high jump, Nathan Deakes in the men's 5000m walk, Scott Martin in the shot put, Lisa Corrigan in the mile run and Bronwyn Thompson in the women's long jump. National records have also been set at the meeting by New Zealand and Australia's athletes.

</doc>
<doc id="31089110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089110" title="Bill McGhee">
Bill McGhee

William Mac McGhee (1905–1984) nicknamed "Fibber", was an American Major League Baseball first baseman and outfielder. He played for the Philadelphia Athletics during the and seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="31089115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089115" title="New Worlds (album)">
New Worlds (album)

New Worlds is the third solo album by British singer/songwriter Charlotte Hatherley, released on 16 October 2009. Like previous album The Deep Blue, it was released on Hatherley's own Little Sister label in the UK and Minty Fresh in the US. "White" and "Alexander" were released as singles in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="31089117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089117" title="Bruce Myles">
Bruce Myles

Bruce Myles (born 29 November 1940) is an Australian actor and film director. He has appeared in 40 films and television shows since 1963. In 1987, along with Michael Pattinson, he co-directed the film "Ground Zero". It was entered into the 38th Berlin International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="31089133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089133" title="Cantão">
Cantão

Ecological Importance.
Due to its geographical location and topography, the Cantão ecosystem combines several unique features that contribute to its high biodiversity and productivity:
Geography.
Roughly in the middle of its course, the Araguaia river splits into two forks, with the western one retaining the name Araguaia and the eastern one being called Rio Javaés. They flow their separate ways for over 400 meandering kilometers before reuniting, thus forming the Ilha do Bananal, the world's largest river island. Where the Javaés pours back into the main Araguaia, it forms a broad inland delta where it pours back into the main Araguaia, a 100,000 hectare triangular expanse of igapó flooded forest, blackwater river channels, and oxbow lakes. This inland delta is called Cantão.
During the wet season, from December to May, the waters of the Araguaia and the Javaés rise between six and nine meters over their dry season levels. The Javaés then overflows its banks and fills its broad low floodplain, which becomes an immense mosaic of lakes, marshes, and gallery forest. The water becomes saturated with tannins from the submerged vegetation, and the Javaés becomes a typical blackwater river, its waters turning considerably darker than those of the Araguaia. All this water is funneled through the delta of the Javaés, and during the floods, almost all of the Cantão ecosystem is submerged by fast flowing black water, for in effect the Javaés now becomes a single sheet of water nearly twenty kilometers wide, running through the open channels and under the canopy of the flooded forests of its delta with equal swiftness.
Natural communities.
Five distinct natural communities, each with its own unique species assemblages, occur within the Cantão ecosystem:
Igapó.
Igapós are forests which are flooded for four to seven months every year by blackwater rivers. The igapós of Cantão begin to flood in December, and by March the water in the forest is five to eight meters deep, and running between the trees at speeds of one and two knots. Only trees adapted to such extreme conditions grow in the igapós, and the rushing annual floods mean that the understory is unusually open for a tropical forest. Many flooded forest trees flower and fruit during this season, and the fruit fall into the water and are eaten by fish, which disperse the seeds.
The most common large tree species in the igapó forests of Cantão are the landi and the piranheira. Both of these commonly grow over twenty meters in height, and both of them drop their fruit into the water, to be dispersed by fish. The piranheira tree earned its name due to a further contribution it makes to the aquatic ecosystem: it sprouts new leaves after the peak of the floods, which attract great numbers of caterpillars. These drop into the water whenever the wind shakes the tree tops, attracting schools of small piranha and other omnivorous fish.
The igapós of Cantão have a rich bird fauna, including some habitat specialists. One of the most common is the Band-tailed Antbird, which only nests during the flood season, on the tops of isolated shrubs, only a meter or two above the water. It does so to avoid the abundant predators, which include roaming bands of black-striped capuchin monkeys and coatis.
Moist deciduous forest.
In Cantão, moist deciduous forest occurs wherever the ground is high enough to remain above peak flood levels in most years. It is lower in canopy height than the igapó forests, and its undergrowth is thicker and more entangled. It also displays high plant species diversity, including abundant epiphytes like orchids and bromeliads. Many of the plant species of this natural community are drawn from the nearby cerrado.
During the dry season, when up to 90 days can go by with no rain at all, many of the trees in the moist deciduous forest drop their leaves. During this season there is a considerable risk of fire, whether natural or caused by man. Natural fires due to lightning are quite common, but tend to be quickly put out by the ensuing rain.
During the annual floods, deciduous forests are the only places where there is dry ground. They become the only feeding grounds available for bird species like the Undulated Tinamou, the Bare-faced Curassow, and the several species of wild pigeon that occur in Cantão. Many mammal species that don't do well on trees or in flooded areas also seek refuge in these forests, which consequently become prime hunting ground for the park's two large terrestrial predators, the jaguar and the puma.
Marshes.
Although forest vegetation predominates in the park, marshes, where grassy and shrubby vegetation is predominant, occur on the inside of river bends, at the ends of oxbow lakes, in channels that are in the process of closing, and at other places where recently deposited sediments are flooded by swift-moving water during the rainy season.
The marshes of Cantão hold a great diversity of plant life, and this becomes evident at the peak of the floods, when vines, shrubs, and floating vegetation flower, covering large areas with a mosaic of color. Most of these plants go on to produce fruit which are consumed by fish. In addition, broad mats of Paspalum repens grass and other floating vegetation with roots suspended in the current create a substrate for a very productive aquatic ecosystem. The roots of the vegetation are shaped so as to act like filters, trapping organic particles brought by the current, and doing so near the surface, where oxygen and sunlight are abundant. As a result, not only fish, but also fish predators like giant otters and the Black-collared Hawk move into the marshes to forage.
Marshes are also the prime breeding habitat for the park's abundant hoatzin population. The build their stick nests on the tops of isolated trees in the middle of the marshes, safe from terrestrial or arboreal predators. Many other species of bird also nest over marsh waters during the wet season, including the ubiquitous Great Kiskadee and the peculiar Greater Ani, which builds its communal nests in tangled vegetation over water.
Islands and beaches.
Cantão State Park includes 24 sandy islands on the Araguaia river, as well as a large number of river sand beaches on bends of the channels that weave through the interior of the park. The sand itself is the primary habitat for a number of species. Black Skimmers, Yellow-billed Terns, yellow-spotted river turtles, the enormous Amazon river turtle, and other species nest directly on the sand in great numbers. Their eggs attract nest predators like the Southern Caracara, the tayra, and even the jaguar, which also takes adult turtles at night when they climb up onto the beach to nest.
Sandy beaches and mud banks are also the preferred feeding habitat for wading birds like the Roseate Spoonbill, the Whispering Ibis, and several species of ducks. Among the more remarkable inhabitants of river islands and large beaches is the Northern Screamer, which can be seen in the park throughout the year.
The vegetation growing on this sandy, nutrient-poor environment goes through several successional stages, starting with annual grasses and herbs, which are heavily grazed by mammals and ducks in the dry season and by fish when submerged in the wet season. The next stage is dominated by Sapium and Psidium bushes, both of which fruit during the annual floods, and have their seeds dispersed by fish, especially pacús. As the years pass, the ever-thickening mass of roots begins to accumulate detritus brought by the floods, and the formerly barren sands turn into soils capable of supporting a greater variety of plant species. Finally, a canopy of Cecropia trees forms above the bushes. The cecropias fruit year-round, and the dense stands that form in attract a great many frugivores which bring seeds from the surrounding forest. Over the decades, these seeds sprout and grow, overwhelming the cecropias, shading and stifling the undergrowth, and turning into an igapó flooded forest environment. However, further downstream, new sediments are being deposited, pioneer plants are sprouting on the sand, and all the beach and island successional stages are starting anew.
Backwaters.
The backwaters of Cantão include oxbow lakes, forest ponds (which dry out completely by the end of the dry season), and hundreds of kilometers of narrow channels which crisscross the delta of the Javaés river. All these waterbodies have in common the fact that during the floods, they are all interconnected as the black waters of the Javaés river rise and flow over the entire landscape, while in the dry season they become isolated from one another.
There are 843 oxbow lakes within the borders of Cantão state park, and about 900 in the Javaés delta as a whole. The entire rest of the Araguaia wetlands contains just over 200 lakes, illustrating the importance of Cantão for the great river's ecosystem. Oxbow lakes are the site of reproduction for many species of fish, and for concentrating 80% of the basin's lakes, Cantão is known as the "nursery of the Araguaia." The peacock bass or tucunaré, one of Brazil's most popular freshwater gamefish, is one of many species which reproduces in the Cantão backwaters during the dry season. Another is the pirarucú, the world's largest freshwater fish, whose numbers are dwindling everywhere in the region due to relentless poaching. The remote and inaccessible lakes of the interior of Cantão are one of the last remaining sanctuaries for this species.
During the floods, almost every aquatic species in the park can be found in the interconnected backwaters. During the dry season, prey fish become concentrated in isolated water bodies, providing a veritable feast for predators like the giant otter, the Amazon river dolphin, the pirarucú, and the black and spectacled cayman. Along lake edges, five species of kingfisher, nine species of heron, and specialists like the Sunbittern and the Green Ibis forage for fish and invertebrates. Neotropical cormorants and Anhingas fish away from the shore. Even jaguars join in the feast, diving into forest pools to catch large fish, or sitting in ambush for them as they pass through the shallow water channels that connect deeper lakes.
Endangered species.
Four bird species in the IUCN's red list occur in Cantão: the Chestnut-bellied Guan, the Crowned Solitary Eagle, the Bananal Antbird, and the Araguaia Spinetail. The last two are endemic to the middle Araguaia. The Bananal Antbird occurs in igapó forest, and the Araguaia Spinetail is a river island specialist. The park is also important habitat for ten nearctic migratory bird species, including the Peregrine Falcon and the Osprey.
Eight mammal species on Brazil's endangered species list occur in Cantão. The flagship species is the giant otter, the most endangered large mammal in South America. The lakes of Cantão are an important reproductive are for this species. Other endangered mammal species that abound in the park include the jaguar, the marsh deer, and the bush dog. All three species are well adapted to the seasonally flooded conditions of the Cantão ecosystem. In addition, endangered cerrado species like the giant anteater and the giant armadillo occur in the park and remain in all but the highest floods, when they swim across the narrow Rio do Côco to the surrounding cerrado grasslands and scrub forest. During the dry season, a reverse migration takes place, with large numbers of large mammals and waterbirds from the dried out cerrado crossing into the park in search of water, green grass, and refuge from the seasonal fires of the cerrado. Cantão is thus a key protected area for the conservation of the cerrado of the middle Araguaia valley, which is some of the best preserved lowland cerrado left in Brazil.
The Araguaian river dolphin, endemic to the Araguaia basin and one of the most endangered cetaceans in the world, has its largest protected population in Cantão and in adjacent Araguaia national park.
Cantão State Park.
In 1998 the state of Tocantins created Cantão State Park, with 90,000 hectares, in order to protect this unique ecosystem. The park is managed by Naturatins, the state environmental agency. The park's headquarters and visitor center are located near the town of Caseara.
Cantão Park was formally opened for visitation in June 2013. Visitor infrastructure includes a visitor center featuring videos and interpretative displays, and an 18 km system of trails through the forest, including hiking trails and canoe trails. The trails give access to five pristine lakes in the interior of the park, where top predators such as black caiman, giant otters, and pirarucú fish can be seen. It is possible to stay overnight on a platform overlooking one of the lakes, and to ride on a canoe powered by electric motor, which facilitates the watching of wildlife such as hoatzins, waterbirds, and giant otters. All visitors must be accompanied by a trained local guide, a list of which is available at the park visitor center.
Visitors may stay and hire local guide services in the town of Caseara, which offers simple but clean accommodations and meals. Visitors can also hire guides to go exploring or sports fishing on the Araguaia river, as well as off-road bicycling and canoe/kayak tours. The nearest airport is in Palmas, 253 km away by paved road. Ecotourism operators in Palmas organize trips to Cantão, which may be combined with a visit to the famed Jalapão ecosystem.

</doc>
<doc id="31089138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089138" title="Michael Pattinson">
Michael Pattinson

Michael Pattinson (born 1957) is an Australian film director. He has directed over 40 films and television shows since 1980. In 1987, along with Bruce Myles, he co-directed the film "Ground Zero". It was entered into the 38th Berlin International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="31089148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089148" title="Housing in Europe">
Housing in Europe

In 2007, 72.5% of tenants paid rent at market rates, 27.5% paid rent at reduced rates. More than 50% of EU households owned their homes, with the highest rates of home ownership found in Romania (96%), Lithuania and Slovakia (both 89%) and Hungary (87%). The lowest percentages of home ownership were in Denmark, France and Poland (all 58%), the Netherlands (56%), Austria (52%), and Germany (46%). In 2009, 73.5% of the EU-27 population owned their homes, and 36.9% of the owners had a mortgage or a housing loan. That same year, 41.7% of the EU population lived in flats, 34.3% in detached houses and 23.0% in semi-detached houses.
All data as of 2007, only Switzerland data is from 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="31089176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089176" title="Takeshi Saito (footballer)">
Takeshi Saito (footballer)

Takeshi Saito (born June 1, 1979) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31089179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089179" title="Milton Faver">
Milton Faver

Milton Faver was a pioneering cattle rancher in Presidio County, Texas, the preeminent cattle baron of the Big Bend in the nineteenth century, and one of the most important individual contributors to Big Bend history. Also known in his time by the honorary title, don Melitón, he founded Cibolo Creek Ranch halfway between Marfa and Presidio, Texas in 1857. He was one of the earliest Texas trail drivers, driving his cattle to market in New Orleans in the 1850s and to other markets later. Although his birthplace is not known with certainty, he was most likely born and raised in Missouri around 1822. Local lore contends that, while in his teens, he fought a duel and fled south, believing he had killed his opponent 
Early Business Days.
Faver made his way to Meoqui, Chihuahua, Mexico, married Señorita Francisca Ramírez, and began a freighting business. It was a modest beginning, with a single cart of Mexican goods which he transported to and sold in Texas. He brought the cart back filled with American goods to sell in Mexico. He soon began freighting along the Chihuahua Trail and the Santa Fe Trail. As his business prospered, he opened a mercantile business in Presidio del Norte. He established regular trade with Fort Davis, the US Army cavalry post founded in 1854 in the Davis Mountains to protect the Overland Trail to California. Recognizing the business opportunity that Fort Davis offered, Faver acquired land on Cíbolo Creek, the site of a Cibolo Indian village before the arrival of Europeans in the area. It was likely the site of a Spanish mission to the Cibolos, Mission Santa María de las Caldas.
Defensive Forts.
Faver built the first of his three adobe forts, El Fortín del Cíbolo, in 1857, as a defensive measure against Apaches, Comanches, and bandits of all kinds. His ranching empire boasted as many as 20,000 longhorns—some say as many as 100,000—irrigated farms, and herds of sheep and goats, making him the preeminent pioneer rancher of the Big Bend.
El Fortín del Cíbolo (the Fort on Cíbolo Creek) was Faver’s stronghold, where he operated a sizable farming enterprise irrigated by Cibolo Springs. Faver later built El Fortín de la Ciénega (the Fort at the Marsh), where he headquartered his cattle operation, and El Fortín de la Morita (the Fort at the Little Mulberry Tree), which became the center of his sheep and goat operations. His vast enterprise not only supplied beef but also farm produce and his famous peach brandy to cavalry troops at Fort Davis, settlers in the region, and after silver was discovered, to the miners in Shafter, next door.
His ranch withstood the withdrawal of Union and Confederate troops during Civil War times and the resulting onslaught of Apaches and Comanches until the return of the US Army in 1867. During the tumultuous times of the latter 1800s, Faver managed to keep the inhabitants of his colony faithful and active in the defense of his settlements. Continued trade with Fort Davis supplied Union troops at the fort, supporting their stay in the region, and ensured continued settlement of the area until the advent of the railroad. He was an early pioneer in Texas cattle drives and is thought by some to be the inspiration for the television character Gil Faver on Rawhide. Upon his death in 1889, Faver was buried in an adobe tomb on Cibolo Creek Ranch.
Recent history.
The ranch thereafter passed through several owners over the years and finally succumbed to picturesque ruin prior to its purchase in 1990 by John Poindexter, who restored all three of Faver’s adobe forts and built a resort at Cíbolo Creek Ranch.
Additional Sources.
2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31089182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089182" title="Ocean Parkway Jewish Center">
Ocean Parkway Jewish Center

Ocean Parkway Jewish Center is a historic synagogue at 550 Ocean Pkwy. in Kensington, Brooklyn, New York, New York. It was built between 1924 and 1926 and is a three story plus basement and attic, stone clad Neoclassical style building. It has a two story addition. The front facade features three round-arched entrances and the second and third stories are organized as a temple front.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
Chairman and Director: Allen Michaels

</doc>
<doc id="31089195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089195" title="Guerra Manuscript">
Guerra Manuscript

The Guerra Manuscript is an important musical manuscript copied by the nobleman and scribe José Miguel de Guerra y Villegas for the capilla real of Charles II of Spain around 1680.
The manuscript, Ms 265 at the Royal University of Santiago de Compostela, was only fully analysed edited and published in 1998. It contains 100 tonos humanos for soprano and continuo. Many of the songs exist in other sources, such as excerpts from zarzuelas, and the composers can be identified. Composers include the senior theatre composer and master of the capilla real Juan Hidalgo, José Marín, Cristóbal Galán, Juan del Vado, Matías Ruiz, and the then young harpist Juan de Navas.

</doc>
<doc id="31089199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089199" title="Ed McGhee">
Ed McGhee

Warren Edward McGhee (1924–1986) was an American Major League Baseball outfielder. He played for the Chicago White Sox during the , , and seasons and the Philadelphia Athletics during the and seasons. He was an alumnus of Arkansas State University.

</doc>
<doc id="31089225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089225" title="Steven Spencer">
Steven Spencer

Steven Spencer (born June 16, 1982) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey Defenseman. The last team he played for to date was the South Carolina Stingrays in 2006. He was drafted in the last round (ninth round) of the 2002 NHL Entry Draft, 266th overall. His youth team was the Swift Current Broncos of the Western Hockey League

</doc>
<doc id="31089227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089227" title="The Felons">
The Felons

The Felons () is a 1987 Yugoslavian drama film directed by Franci Slak. It was entered into the 38th Berlin International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="31089246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089246" title="Shingo Ito">
Shingo Ito

Shingo Ito (伊東 真吾, born April 28, 1979) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31089252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089252" title="Charles Burleigh Galbreath">
Charles Burleigh Galbreath

Charles Burleigh (C. B.) Galbreath (February 25, 1858 - February 23, 1934) was a writer, historian, educator, and librarian in Ohio. He was appointed as State Librarian at the State Library of Ohio from 1896–1911 and 1915-1918. He was the Secretary and Librarian at the Ohio Archaeological and Historical Society [now known as Ohio Historical Society from 1920-1934.
Early life and career.
Galbreath was born February 25, 1858 in Leetonia, Ohio. His parents were Edward Paxson Galbreath and Jane Minerva (Shaw) Galbreath. He attended school until the age of 13 when he was forced to leave because of the illness of his father. After two years, he returned to school and graduated from New Lisbon (Ohio) High School in 1879. After high school, Galbreath attended Mount Union College in Alliance, Ohio, from which he graduated with a Master of Arts in 1883.
Galbreath began teaching at the age of 17 and completed a course at Mount Union. Upon graduation from Mount Union, Galbreath accepted the position of superintendent of the Wilmot, Ohio school system and served there from 1883 - 1885. He left Wilmot to become the superinendent of East Palestine, Ohio schools where he served for eight years.
In 1893 took a position teaching at Mount Hope College in Rogers, Ohio. He later became president of the college.
Galbreath was the county school examiner for Columbiana County Schools from 1885 - 1893.
During the summers of 1891 and 1892, Galbreath taught at Ohio Normal University (now Ohio Northern University) in Ada, Ohio.
State librarian.
The 72nd Ohio General Assembly created a library commission which, in 1896, elected Galbreath State Librarian of the State Library of Ohio. At this time, the position of State Librarian was viewed as a political 'reward' for support of the administration and, as such, the librarian was often changed with each election. An effect of this is the fact that between 1896 and 1921, the position of State Librarian went back and forth four times between John Newman, during democratic administrations, and Galbreath, during republican administrations. Galbreath served in this capacity twice, from 1896–1911 and again from 1915 - 1918.
While serving as state librarian, Galbreath instituted 'traveling libraries' to serve rural communities in Ohio. By the time of his departure from the post in 1911, there were 1200 traveling libraries with over 56,000 volumes. During the period of 1927-1928, when the state library was closed because of lack of funds, Galbreath and others volunteered to keep the traveling libraries in operation.
Galbreath was the first president of the National Association of State Librarians in 1900.
Ohio constitutional convention.
In 1912, a constitutional convention was held in Ohio. One of the first orders of business was to elect a secretary of the convention. A. Ross Read, delegate from Akron, nominated Galbreath for the post. In the nomination, Read cited Galbreath's experience as state librarian and his familiarity with legislative procedure as well as his writings. Galbreath was elected on the second ballot. The role of the secretary included keeping the records and publishing the proceedings of the convention.
Selected publications.
Throughout his life, Galbreath wrote and published a number of works. These included histories, poetry, commentary, pamphlets and essays. Here is a list of some of his works:

</doc>
<doc id="31089253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089253" title="Highlands Sanctuary">
Highlands Sanctuary

Highlands Sanctuary, Inc. is a nonprofit organization that is seeking to build a major chain of nature preserves in south-central Ohio, on the western fringe of the Allegheny Plateau, known as the Arc of Appalachia in conjunction with The Nature Conservancy. The oldest and core component of the project is Highlands Nature Sanctuary in Highland County, Ohio and includes Seven Caves, an historic tourist attraction.
The component of The Nature Conservancy is in adjacent Adams County and is named The Edge of Appalachia.
The Highlands Sanctuary organization has been designated by the Ohio Historical Society as the managers and operators of two Ohio state memorials, Serpent Mound and Fort Hill State Memorial.
Highlands Sanctuary currently administers almost 5,000 acres in six counties of Ohio, including the 1,324 acres of Fort Hill.
Preserves.
Preserves in the Arc of Appalachia system owned by Highlands Sanctuary 

</doc>
<doc id="31089259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089259" title="Juan de Navas">
Juan de Navas

Juan de Navas (ca. 1650-1719) was a Spanish baroque composer and harpist. As court harpist to Charles II of Spain he was sought as approver of Torres y Martínez Bravo's treatise on thoroughbass.
Works, editions and recordings.
Recordings:

</doc>
<doc id="31089265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089265" title="Statute IV of 1947 regarding the abolition of certain titles and ranks (Hungary)">
Statute IV of 1947 regarding the abolition of certain titles and ranks (Hungary)

The Statute IV of 1947 regarding the abolition of certain titles and ranks, a law still in force in the Republic of Hungary, declares the abolition of hereditary noble ranks and related styles and titles, also putting a ban on their use.
Contents of the Statute.
1. § (1) of the Statute declares annulment of the Hungarian aristocratic and noble ranks, such as "duke", "marquis", "earl", "baron", "noble", "primor", and "primipilus" (""lófő""). It also nullifies all permissions granted in the past to hold such titles bestowed upon a citizen by a foreign head of state.
2. § (1) prohibits the future bestowal of titles regulated as positions in the civil service to any person not in civil service. This point does not apply to regular or customary titles in the scientific and artistic life.
3. § (1) prohibits the use of rank titles mentioned in 1. §. Furthermore, it explicitly forbids the use of the ""vitéz"" ("valiant") title (a hereditary title created by Miklós Horthy in 1920).
4. § states that the Statute is in effect as of the day of its enactment. The original version of the Statute names the Minister of Internal Affairs (in accordance with the Minister of Justice) as the minister responsible for the execution of the legislation. The version in force today gives this duty to the minister responsible for matters concerning the vital records.
After 1989.
The Statute survived the political change after the fall of the single-party system and the ongoing deregulation processes during and after the 1990s (see for example Statute LXXXII of 2007,) and it is still in force today. Multiple attempts have been made to have the Statute revoked, none of them succeeded.
In 2009 the Constitutional Court rejected a motion requesting the revocation of 3. § (1) - (4), the ban of using certain titles. Commenting on the rejection, the Constitutional Court felt it
On September 27, 2010 (nearing the finish of the campaign for the municipal elections) István Tarlós (at the time running for the seat of Mayor in Budapest, nominated by the governing party Fidesz) and Zsolt Semjén (Deputy Prime Minister of Hungary, Christian Democratic People's Party, also member of the government), among many other politicians, have been initiated into the "Vitéz" Order, an act the Statute explicitly prohibits.
In December 2010 two members of the opposition party JOBBIK presented a motion to revoke parts of the Statute. This motion has later been revoked.
In March 2011, during the drafting process of a new constitution, the possibility of revoking all legislation between 1944 and 1990 has been raised. This would in effect also invalidate Statute IV of 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="31089281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089281" title="John McGillen">
John McGillen

John Joseph McGillen (1917–1987) was an American professional baseball pitcher. He appeared in two games in Major League Baseball for the Philadelphia Athletics during the 1944 season.

</doc>
<doc id="31089290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089290" title="Kol Israel Synagogue">
Kol Israel Synagogue

Kol Israel Synagogue is a historic synagogue at 603 St. John's Place in Crown Heights, Brooklyn, New York, New York. It was built in 1928 and is a vernacular "tenement synagogue." It is a small, two story rectangular building faced in random laid fieldstone.
It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="31089294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089294" title="Franci Slak">
Franci Slak

Franci Slak (1 February 1953 – 27 October 2007) was a Slovenian film director, producer, screenwriter, lecturer and politician. His 1987 film "Hudodelci" ("The Felons") was entered into the 38th Berlin International Film Festival.
Early life.
Slak, alongside his family, moved to the coastal town of Koper at an early age. He finished his primary and secondary schooling there. He first enrolled at the AGRFT in Ljubljana to study filmmaking, but later moved to Łódź in Poland, where he finished his studies as a Master of Filmmaking in 1978. He became a regular lecturer at his Ljubljana alma mater in 1980 and stayed employed there until his death.
He received the Badjur prize three times (in 1981, 1985 and 1987) and also added the Prešeren Fund Award to his name in 1988. 
He was the president of the Board of programming of Active Slovenia. As a candidate of the party, he bid unsuccessfully for the position of the Mayor of Ljubljana.
He died after a severe illness in 2007. Right before his death, he filmed a low-budget autobiographical film called "Kakor v nebesih, tako na zemlji" ("On Earth as it is in Heaven"), which aired publicly on RTV Slovenia in December of that year.

</doc>
<doc id="31089296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089296" title="The geometry and topology of three-manifolds">
The geometry and topology of three-manifolds

The geometry and topology of three-manifolds is a set of widely circulated but unpublished notes by William Thurston from 1978 to 1980 describing his work on 3-manifolds. The notes introduced several new ideas into geometric topology, including orbifolds, pleated manifolds, and train tracks.
Distribution.
Copies of the original 1980 notes were circulated by Princeton University. Later the Geometry Center at the University of Minnesota sold a loosely bound copy of the notes. In 2002, Sheila Newbery typed the notes in TeX and made a PDF file of the notes available, which can be downloaded from MSRI using the links below. The book is an expanded version of the first three chapters of the notes.
Contents.
Chapters 1 to 3 mostly describe basic background material on hyperbolic geometry.
Chapter 4 cover Dehn surgery on hyperbolic manifolds
Chapter 5 covers results related to Mostow's theorem on rigidity 
Chapter 6 describes Gromov's invariant and his proof of Mostow's theorem.
Chapter 7 (by Milnor) describes the Lobachevsky function and its applications to computing volumes of hyperbolic 3-manifolds. 
Chapter 8 on Kleinian groups introduces Thurston's work on train track and pleated manifolds
Chapter 9 covers convergence of Kleinian groups and hyperbolic manifolds.
Chapter 10 does not exist.
Chapter 11 covers deformations of Kleinian groups.
Chapter 12 does not exist.
Chapter 13 introduces orbifolds.

</doc>
<doc id="31089307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089307" title="List of WAKO Amateur World Championships">
List of WAKO Amateur World Championships

W.A.K.O. held its first amateur world championships in 1978 in West Berlin, after having previously staged two European championships the two years previously. It followed this with a second world championships a year later in Tampa, Florida. During the 1980s the world championships were held every other year except for in 1985 when a feud within the W.A.K.O. organization led to two versions of the championships being held on the same date – one in London, the other in Budapest.
In the 1990s W.A.K.O. held its world championships intermittently with at least one every other year although in 1993 the organization again had a temporary political dispute which like 1985 meant two championships in one year. Also, the outbreak of the Balkan War resulted in the 1995 world championships being moved to Kiev and in 1997 to Gdansk. By the turn-of-the-twemtieth-century, the organization began introducing two different world championships every two years - one typically covering forms of kickboxing such as full-contact, semi-contact and musical forms, while the other types such as Thai-boxing, low-kick kickboxing and later K-1 rules. Of late W.A.K.O. have begun to get involved with the SportAccord LIST OF WORLD COMBAT GAMES, hosting male and female full contact, semi contact and low kick kickboxing competitions at the 2010 event, with the 2009 world championships (both events) being used as qualifiers.

</doc>
<doc id="31089323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089323" title="Everything's Different, Nothing's Changed">
Everything's Different, Nothing's Changed

"Everything's Different, Nothing's Changed" is the 151st episode of the ABC television series "Desperate Housewives". It is the seventeenth episode of the show's seventh season and was broadcast on April 3, 2011.
Plot.
Beth Young shot herself in the head and is on life support. Her last wish was to donate a kidney to her dear friend Susan Delfino. Beth and Susan weren't really friends. That's probably why a grieving Paul tells his former neighbor that there's no way she's going to strip his wife for spare parts. Mike wants to fight this thing. The law is on their side. But that doesn't matter to Susan. She barely acknowledged Beth in life, so why should she deserve anything from her in death? 
Paul swings by the prison where Felicia tells him they need to stop hurling hatred at each other. She wants Beth taken off life support so she can rest. Later, Paul lets Susan know that he's alerted the transplant office to move forward with Beth's wishes. When he breaks down in tears, Susan gives him a hug. One can only suspect things will only get worse for Paul once he learns Felicia Tilman is being released from prison. 
Tom gets a great new job offer, but declines the deal out of loyalty to Carlos. This has Lynette scheming for ways to get him to reconsider. She performs a little bedroom seduction that's typically reserved for corporate hotshots. As sexy as this scene is, Tom won't be swayed. He tells her he will ask Carlos to match the offer, which he doesn't.
Lynette swings by the local car dealership to borrow a $70,000 sports car. She parks that it in Carlos' driveway so that Tom can see that his boss certainly can afford to pay him better. The plan works. Tom accepts the new job, but wants to renege once he learns what his wife did. A test drive in the sports car has Tom reconsidering his position. 
Bree receives a call from Karen McCluskey in the early hours of the morning, telling her that Andrew was on her couch, passed out. Bree goes over to the house with Alex and they collect Andrew. They take him home, and then she and Alex talk about Andrew's problem. Alex mentions that he is thinking of leaving Andrew because of the seriousness of the problem, but Bree pleads with him not to if she could help him. 
Bree then secretly takes Andrew to an AA meeting (which he was not happy about). When it came to Andrew's turn to talk he instead started to criticize his mother and he mentions some of the bad things she has done throughout his life. 
Later on at Andrew's house, Bree asks Andrew to come back to another meeting, but he insists that he doesn't have a problem and that he is fine. Bree accepts this at first and leaves but then remembers about Beth and her pain, so she goes back inside and begs Andrew to discuss his problems. Andrew gets emotional as he tells her that Alex had left him due to his addiction. Bree asks Andrew one last time to come to the AA meeting, but he still says no. However, they end up having their own private meeting; just the two of them. 
Renee and Gaby have been planning a big party. Everyone is invited, but no one feels like going because of the Beth Young situation. That's not going to stop Renee from pressing forward with her fabulous spring fling. 
The night of the big party arrives and Renee's place is packed with a bunch of strangers. Gaby realizes the reason Renee wouldn't cancel the party is because her mother also committed suicide. This party is her way of dealing with it. Gaby then adds her name to the guest list in a show of support.
Reception.
On its original broadcast on ABC, the episode scored 9.047 million of viewers and achieved a 2.9 rating in the adults 18-49 demographic. This episode was aired against the Country Music Awards on CBS which was watched by 13.05 million viewers and received a 3.3 in the 18-49 demographic. The awards show topped the night both in total viewers and the demographic. With the DVR Rating, this episode is up 2.2 in million of viewers (rising to a total of 11.3 million of viewers) and it's up 0.8 in the adults 18-49 demographic (rising to a total of a 3.7 rating).

</doc>
<doc id="31089329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089329" title="Gene Markland">
Gene Markland

Cleneth Eugene Markland (December 26, 1919 – June 15, 1999) was an American Major League Baseball infielder. Nicknamed "Mousey", he played for the Philadelphia Athletics during the season. Markland was signed by the New York Yankees in November 1950, but was released just before the start of the 1951 season.

</doc>
<doc id="31089331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089331" title="CBTIS 11">
CBTIS 11

CBTIS 11 is a High School located in Hermosillo, Sonora, Mexico (known as "preparatoria"). Ii is part of DGETI's CBTIS chain of schools. Founded in 1963. CBTIS stands for Centro de Bachillerato Tecnologico, Industrial, y de Servicios.

</doc>
<doc id="31089344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089344" title="Payoneer">
Payoneer

Payoneer is an Internet-based financial services business that allows users to transfer money and receive payments through re-loadable prepaid MasterCard debit cards. Payoneer is a registered Member Service Provider (MSP) of MasterCard worldwide. The Company is headquartered in New York City with R&D offices in Tel Aviv, Israel.
History.
Payoneer was founded in 2005 with $2 million in seed funding from CEO Yuval Tal and other private investors. An Israeli venture capitalist firm Greylock provided an additional $4 million in funding in 2007. It has also received funding from Carmel Ventures, and Crossbar Capital. iStockphoto began using the service in 2007 in order to provide royalty payments to contributing artists. Payoneer cards were used by the suspects in the assassination of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh for planes and hotels in their operation in 2010.
Services.
Payoneer is an alternative to Paypal, wire transfer services and online payments that provides users with refillable debit cards. The cards are issued through Mastercard and can be used at ATMs or at the point-of-purchase. It is often used to provide payments to "remote, dispersed populations."

</doc>
<doc id="31089351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089351" title="Guides Infantry">
Guides Infantry

The Guides Infantry, or 2nd Battalion (Guides) The Frontier Force Regiment, is an infantry battalion of the Pakistan Army. It was raised in 1846 as part of the famous Corps of Guides. During more than a hundred and fifty years of military service, the battalion has earned a formidable reputation.
Historical Overview.
The Corps of Guides was raised at Peshawar on 14 December 1846 by Lieutenant Harry Burnett Lumsden on the orders of Sir Henry Lawrence, the British Resident at Lahore, capital of the enfeebled Sikh Empire. Initially composed of a troop of cavalry and two companies of infantry mounted on camels, the Guides were organized as a highly mobile force. The corps was ordered to recruit
Although the corps recruited men from all over the country and even beyond the Frontier of India, Pathans, Punjabi Muslims, Sikhs and Dogras later formed the bulk of their manpower.
Harry Lumsden was chosen to train and lead the force:
Lumsden left a lasting imprint on the Guides, who first fought in numerous frontier operations. Believing that fighting troops were for service and not for show, Lumsden introduced loose and comfortable dust-coloured uniforms for the first time, which would soon become famous as "khaki" and within decades would be adopted by most of the armies of the world. In 1851, the Guides established themselves at Mardan, which would remain their home until 1938. 
In 1851, The Corps of Guides became part of the Punjab Irregular Force, which later became famous as the Punjab Frontier Force or Piffers. The Piffers consisted of five regiments of cavalry, eleven regiments of infantry and five batteries of artillery besides the Corps of Guides. Their mission was to maintain order on the Punjab Frontier; a task they performed with great aplomb during the next fifty years.
In 1876, Queen Victoria rewarded the Guides by granting them the use of the Royal Cypher and they became the Queen's Own Corps of Guides with the Prince of Wales as their Colonel. During the First World War, the cavalry and infantry of the Guides fought separately. During the war, the Guides Infantry raised three more battalions. The 3rd and 4th Guides Infantry were disbanded after the war. In 1921, the cavalry and infantry components were formally separated; the cavalry becoming the 10th Queen Victoria's Own Corps of Guides Cavalry (Frontier Force), while the infantry joined the newly formed 12th Frontier Force Regiment to make up the 5th and 10th (Queen Victoria's Own Corps of Guides) Battalions of the new infantry regiment. The 10th became the Training Battalion of the regiment. Their new class composition was one company each of Punjabi Muslims, Pathans, Sikhs and Dogras. The regiment adopted the drab uniform with red facings of the Corps of Guides. In 1943, the 10th (Training) Battalion was converted into the 12th Frontier Force Regimental Centre, while in 1945, '12' was dropped from the regiment's designation, changing it to The Frontier Force Regiment.
On the Partition of India in 1947, the Frontier Force Regiment was allotted to Pakistan. The Sikhs and Dogras were transferred to India and the new class composition of the regiment became Punjabi Muslims and Pathans in equal proportion. In 1956, the Frontier Force Rifles and Pathan Regiment were merged with the Frontier Force Regiment and all the battalions were re-numbered. At the same time, since Pakistan had become a republic, all titles pertaining to British royalty were dropped. Consequently, the Guides Infantry was redesignated as the 2nd Battalion (Guides) The Frontier Force Regiment or 2 FF (Guides). On 14 February 1981, the Corps of Guides was resurrected with the re-unification of the Guides Infantry and Cavalry in an impressive ceremony at Multan. General Muhammad Iqbal Khan, CJSC, was appointed Colonel of the Corps of Guides.
Campaigns.
Frontier Operations.
The intrepid Guides quickly made a name for themselves on the North West Frontier of India in numerous operations against the turbulent frontier tribes. Between 1847 and 1878, the corps participated in fifteen major frontier expeditions and operations. Their formidable reputation soon spread far and wide, and was immortalized by Rudyard Kipling in several of his works such as By around the start of the 20th century, the Guides had acquired such a legendary status that when Robert Baden-Powell, the founder of Boy Scouts, decided to form a similar organization for girls in 1909, he named them Girl Guides after the Corps of Guides. "How Girls Can Help to Build Up the Empire", the Girl Guides' handbook has this to say about the Corps of Guides: 
Second Sikh War 1848-49.
Following their victory in the First Sikh War of 1845-46, the British posted a Resident at the Sikh Durbar at Lahore to control the affairs of the Sikh state. However, the Sikhs resented British interference in their affairs and began planning a revolt. Early in 1848, Lumsden and his Guides were summoned to Lahore to gather evidence of the planned Sikh insurrection - a mission that they successfully carried out. However, British counter-measures were unable to prevent the revolt, which broke out at Multan in April 1848 and soon spread to the rest of the country. The Guides served at the Siege of Multan and then participated in the Battle of Gujrat on 21 February 1849, where the Sikh Army was decisively defeated. The Second Sikh War resulted in the dissolution of the Sikh state and annexation of the Punjab by the British.
The Great Indian Mutiny of 1857.
In March 1857, when the mutiny broke out, Lumsden was on a mission at Kandahar and Captain Henry Daly led the Guides to join the Delhi Field Force then besieging the ancient capital city. They left Hoti Mardan on 13 May and arrived at Delhi on 9 June after marching 580 miles in twenty-six days and fourteen hours in the searing Indian summer! 
The Guides went into action the same day and by evening, all of their officers had been killed or wounded. They continued to fight gallantly throughout the summer and took part in the final assault and capture of Delhi. By the time they returned home, they had suffered 350 casualties out of the 600 men who had set out in May. For their gallant conduct at Delhi, they were awarded the distinction of red piping on their tunic collars; an honour shared with the 60th Foot and the Sirmoor Rifles, who fought alongside them at Delhi.
Second Afghan War 1878-80.
During the Second Afghan War of 1878-80, the Guides joined the Peshawar Field Force under General Sir Sam Browne and took part in the capture of Ali Masjid, the advance to Jalalabad and the cavalry action at Fatehabad, where Lieutenant Walter Hamilton won the Victoria Cross for gallantry. Following the Treaty of Gandamak in May 1879, the Afghan King agreed to the presence of a British Mission in Kabul. The mission, led by Sir Louis Cavagnari, arrived in Kabul on 24 July 1879, escorted by a detachment of 76 Guides under Lieutenant Hamilton, VC. However, on 3 September, a disgruntled regiment of the Afghan Army attacked the British Residency. Although the Afghans offered quarter to the Indian ranks, the Guides chose to fight to the death. The Residency finally fell after twelve hours of fierce resistance by the Guides, who perished to the last man along with 600 of their foes. The sacrifice of these gallant men is commemorated in the impressive Guides Memorial at Mardan with the following words:
The epic stand of the Guides at Kabul Residency was immortalized by MM Kaye in her bestselling novel "The Far Pavilions" and in the 1984 motion picture of the same name. 
The massacre at Kabul led to the resumption of hostilities and in December 1879, the Guides were dispatched to join the Kabul Field Force under General Sir Frederick Roberts at Sherpur Cantonment near Kabul. They participated in the attacks on Takht-i-Shah and Asmai Heights, where Captain Arthur Hammond won the Victoria Cross for conspicuous gallantry.
After the Second Afghan War, the Guides were involved in a number of actions along the North West Frontier including the Relief of Chitral in 1895, as part of Malakand and Buner Field Forces during the Frontier Uprising of 1897-98, and in the Mohmand Expedition of 1908. In 1906, the Corps of Guides was reorganized into separates units of cavalry and infantry within the corps.
First World War.
On the outbreak of World War I, the Corps of Guides initially remained in India for service on the Frontier; both Guides Infantry and Cavalry participating in the Mohmand Blockade in 1915. In January 1917, a second battalion of Guides Infantry was raised by Captain RCG Pollock at Mardan. In October, the 3rd Guides Infantry was raised by Colonel GP Villiers Stuart, also at Mardan, while the 4th Guides Infantry was raised in October 1918 by Lieutenant ND Douglas at Nowshera. In 1917, the 1st Guides Infantry joined the 7th (Meerut) Division in Mesopotamia and fought in the Action of Tikrit. In 1918, both 1st and 2nd Guides Infantry served in Palestine and took part in the Battle of Megiddo, which led to the annihilation of Turkish Army in Palestine. The 3rd Guides Infantry served in the Third Afghan War of 1919. It was disbanded in August 1921. The 4th Guides Infantry was disbanded in December 1918.
The end of the war also spelt the end of the Corps of Guides as a unit. In the post-war reorganization of the Indian Army in 1921, the corps was broken up and the cavalry and infantry became separate units, with the two battalions of Guides Infantry joining the 12th Frontier Force Regiment as its 5th and 10th Battalions.
Second World War.
During the Second World War, the Guides Infantry or 5th Battalion (QVO Corps of Guides) 12th FF Regiment, served throughout in Iraq and Iran, guarding against the German threat from the north. They were not engaged in any fighting.
Indo-Pakistan War 1948.
The Guides Infantry made up for its lack of action during the Second World War by giving an excellent account of itself in Kashmir in 1948. The battalion was instrumental in checking the Indian offensive in the Kishenganga Valley, where it fought with great gallantry at Tithwal and foiled all enemy efforts at advance. The Guides suffered casualties of 37 killed and 105 wounded, and were awarded eleven gallantry awards.
Indo-Pakistan War 1965.
In 1965 the Guides Infantry (2FF) was camping at Kasur where A and D companies of the battalion were carrying watermanship training at Thaman Distributary near Luliani after they had moved from the Rann of Katch area. The battalion was assigned the task of establishing a bridge head on Rohhi Nullah for launching of 1 Armoured Division across the India – Pakistan border. A and D companies joined the Paltan at about 1230 hrs. The Guides moved out from the camp to cross the border. The battalion crossed the Rohi Nullah on foot and entered the enemy territory on night 6/7 Sep 1965 and established a bridge head for the armoured division. After the launching of the division, the battalion was put under 21 Bde which was part of 11th Infantry Division. On 12 September the Guides Infantry and 5 Frontier Force captured the Indian town of Khem Karan. The battalion advanced up to Bhura Khana a small village in the north of the Khem Karan. On 17 Sep 1965 it was ordered to come back and take defence positions in front of Khem Kharan. On the night 21/22 September 1965 C company position was shelled heavily and was attacked by Indian troops who succeeded in overruning part of a forward platoon. A counter-attack was launched by C company which recovered the position. During the conflict, the Guides Infantry were awarded one Tamgha-i-Jurat and two C-in-C Commendation cards.
Indo-Pakistan War 1971.
On 3 Oct 1971, the Bn was depl on Chakothi area to def the strat and imp Sirinager – Muzafarabad rd in much publicized Uri Sec. Our C coy sent for the def of Lipa Valley along with the elms of Tochi Scouts and Mjds. The def of Lipa was placed under the overall comd of our 2IC Maj Abdul Hamid Afridi. On 8 Nov 1971 the Indians for the capture Lipa attk on two Pls of our C coy at Shisha Ladi. The waves of attackers came pressing in until by 0415 hrs, the last of them was repulsed – At 0800 hrs, the sec attk came in after hy arty fire. The Guides Lived up to the highest traditions of gallantry. Maj Aziz Ahmed inspired his men to fight with ferocity and invincible faith, by 1030 hrs the slopes were littered with corpses. Maj Aziz Ahmed, Hav Samandar Shah and three Jawans embraced Shahadat. The Bn was awarded one Sitata-i-Jurat, one Tamgha Jurat and one Imtiazi Sanad. A day after the cease fire the en captured a tac imp spur called Ziarat in the Uri Sec which formed a bdry between the two bdes, Guides Inf rose to this challenge, attk on the en 2nd Gd Bn which was forced to wdr from the posn, in the process of this battle, 5 Indian soldiers were captured along with a fair amount of wpns. In addition, approx 60 cas were inflected on the en. Own cas in the battle was one offr injured and 3 Jawans were martyred.
Awards
♦Sitar-e-Jurrat: Major Aziz Ahmed
♦Tamgha-e-Jurrat: Naib Subedar Muhammad Bashir
♦Commendation Card: Sepoy Jumma Khan
Battle Honours.
Mooltan, Goojerat, Punjaub, Delhi 1857, Ali Masjid, Kabul 1879, Afghanistan 1878-80, Chitral, Punjab Frontier, Malakand, Mesopotamia 1917-18, Megiddo, Sharon, Palestine 1918, NW Frontier, India 1914-15, Afghanistan 1919, Kashmir 1948, Rann of Kutch 1965, Khem Karan 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="31089365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089365" title="Matías Ruiz">
Matías Ruiz

Fray Matías Ruiz (fl. 1665-1702) was a Spanish baroque composer. He was probably the one same Matías Ruiz who was maestro de capilla at León Cathedral in 1665, and then at the Encarnación 1676-1678, and who, still referred to as maestro at the Convent of the Incarnation, Madrid though he no longer could have been, published music for Easter in 1702.

</doc>
<doc id="31089368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089368" title="Nikolay Nikolov (footballer born 1985)">
Nikolay Nikolov (footballer born 1985)

Nikolay Nikolov (; born 21 May 1985) is a Bulgarian footballer, currently playing for Botev Vratsa as a midfielder.
Career statistics.
As of 5 June 2012

</doc>
<doc id="31089370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089370" title="Jarrapellejos">
Jarrapellejos

Jarrapellejos is a 1988 Spanish drama film directed by Antonio Giménez-Rico. It was entered into the 38th Berlin International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="31089377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089377" title="Ding Jianxiu">
Ding Jianxiu

Ding Jianxiu (, Hepburn: Tei Kanshū, 1886-1944 ), was a politician in the early Republic of China who subsequently served in a number of Cabinet-level ministries of the Empire of Manchukuo.
Biography.
A native of Gaizhou Liaoning Province (near Yingkou), Ding was a graduate of the School of Economics of Waseda University in Tokyo, Japan.
On his return to China, he also studied law and human relations. Ding was hired as an instructor at numerous institutions of higher education in Mukden, including the Teacher’s College, Military Academy, Vocational Academy and Police Academy. From 1913, he was a professor at the graduate school of languages at Mukden University. He subsequently served in local government, holding various posts in the Liaoning provincial government and serving also as a director for a Sino-Japanese joint venture company to develop iron ore deposits.
After the death of Fengtian clique warlord, Zhang Zuolin, Ding worked with Yuan Shikai towards the independence of Manchuria from the Republic of China. Following the Mukden Incident in 1931, the Japanese Kwantung Army appointed him to the self-government committee for Fengtian Province.
Following the establishment of the State of Manchukuo, Ding served as a Director of the Transportation Department from March 1932 to March 1934, and continuing in what was essentially the same duties as Minister of Transportation of the Empire of Manchukuo from March 1934 to March 1935. From May 1935 to May 1937, he served as Minister of Enterprises. In May 1937, he retired from public service. However, in May 1940, Ding was appointed to serve on the Privy Council, and helped organize the celebrations marking the 10th anniversary of the foundation of Manchukuo in 1941. In December 1942, he was appointed a member of committee oversee the construction of the Manchukuo National Shrine. Ding died of illness in 1944 at the age of 59.

</doc>
<doc id="31089388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089388" title="Jim McManus (baseball)">
Jim McManus (baseball)

James Michael McManus (born 1936) is a former American Major League Baseball infielder. He played for the Kansas City Athletics during the season.

</doc>
<doc id="31089390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089390" title="Beishanichthys">
Beishanichthys

Beishanichthys is an extinct genus of scanilepiform bony fish which existed in Gansu Province, China during the early Triassic period. It is based on fossils from the Lower Triassic lake deposits exposed in Beishan area. It was first named by Guang-Hui Xu, Ke-Qin Gao in 2011 and the type species is "Beishanichthys brevicaudalis".

</doc>
<doc id="31089427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089427" title="Ferm Power Tools World Rally Team">
Ferm Power Tools World Rally Team

FERM Power Tools World Rally Team is a Dutch rally team competing in the World Rally Championship. The team was formed in January 2011 for driver Dennis Kuipers's step up to the top level of rallying. The team is working in partnership with the British M-Sport operation, who run the Ford World Rally Team. The team takes its name from Ferm, a Dutch producer of electronic equipment and tools, based in Zwolle. The company is using the WRC to help promote its brand and products throughout the world. The team registered as a WRC Team, meaning it is eligible for manufacturers' championship points.
History.
Since 2008 Kuipers had been competing in selected World Rally Championship events for the Ipatec Racing team with his father René Kuipers. For 2010 Dennis competed in eight WRC rounds in a Ford Fiesta S2000 entered by the Stobart M-Sport Ford Rally Team.
On 30 November 2010 it was announced that Kuipers would drive a Ford Fiesta RS WRC in the 2011 World Rally Championship season, run by Ipatec Racing in conjunction with M-Sport. On 10 January 2011 it was announced that the FERM Power Tools World Rally Team would be created for the new programme.
2011 season.
The FERM Power Tools World Rally Team made its debut at the 2011 Rally Sweden. Kuipers finished the rally in 13th position, enough to give the team four manufacturer points.

</doc>
<doc id="31089433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089433" title="J. G. Garson">
J. G. Garson

Dr. J. G. Garson (c.1861–1932) was a British anthropologist.
Born at Orkney in Scotland, he obtained the degree Doctor of Medicine at the University of Edinburgh in 1878, having already been admitted to the Royal College of Surgeons in that city. His education continued in Leipzig, Vienna and Berlin. He was widely recognised as an authority on anthropology, a long-serving and prominent council member of Royal Anthropological Institute, publishing in their journal, and attached to the anthropological section of the British Association, editing and revising their new edition of "Notes and Queries on Anthropology" (1892). He read papers as a lecturer in comparative anatomy and produced the chapter on osteology in H. Ling Roth's "The Aborigines of Tasmania".

</doc>
<doc id="31089445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089445" title="Shaari Zedek Synagogue">
Shaari Zedek Synagogue

Shaari Zedek Synagogue, also known as Congregation Achavat Achim and since 1944 as St. Leonard's Church, is a historic synagogue at 767 Putnam Ave. in Bedford-Stuyvesant, Brooklyn, New York. It was built in 1909–1910 and is a two story rectangular brick building with cast stone trim.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="31089451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089451" title="Karpathos (regional unit)">
Karpathos (regional unit)

Karpathos () is one of the regional units of Greece. It is part of the region of South Aegean. The regional unit covers the islands of Karpathos, Kasos, Saria and several smaller islands in the Aegean Sea. 
Administration.
As a part of the 2011 Kallikratis government reform, the regional unit Karpathos was created out of part of the former Dodecanese Prefecture. It is subdivided into 2 municipalities. These are (number as in the map in the infobox):
Province.
The province of Karpathos () was one of the provinces of the Dodecanese Prefecture. It had the same territory as the present regional unit. It was abolished in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="31089452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089452" title="Tsuyoshi Tanikawa">
Tsuyoshi Tanikawa

Tsuyoshi Tanikawa (谷川 烈, born April 25, 1980) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31089487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089487" title="Bill Morrisette (baseball)">
Bill Morrisette (baseball)

William Lee Morrisette (1894–1966) was an American Major League Baseball pitcher. He played for the Philadelphia Athletics during the and seasons and the Detroit Tigers during the season.

</doc>
<doc id="31089489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089489" title="List of WAKO Amateur European Championships">
List of WAKO Amateur European Championships

The first W.A.K.O. Amateur European Championships were organized by George Bruckner and held in Vienna in 1977 and between 1977 and 1982 the organization held a European Championships each year. W.A.K.O. began to change the timing of the championships after 1982, making sure that they were every two years, thus (generally) falling between world championships. In 1994 W.A.K.O. first started introduce two European championships to be held in the same year.

</doc>
<doc id="31089496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089496" title="Johannes de Cleve">
Johannes de Cleve

Johannes de Cleve (c. 1529 – 14 July 1582) was a composer active at the court of Ferdinand I and Charles II.
He was presumably born in the Duchy of Cleves, and recruited into the court as a choirboy in the same way as Lassus and many others. He was originally a singer in Ferdinand's chapel in Vienna, but when Charles II organized a new chapel in Graz in 1564, he appointed de Cleve as the first Kapellmeister in Graz.

</doc>
<doc id="31089503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089503" title="Victor Carlson">
Victor Carlson

Victor Charles Carlson (16 July 1893 – 23 February 1974) was an Australian rules footballer who played with East Fremantle in the West Australian Football League (WAFL). 
Carlson spent his early childhood in Adelaide and almost died at the age of six following an incident with a train. He had been sitting in a cart beside a shop when the horse became uncontrollable and backed onto railway tracks, just as a train was approaching. The train ran over the cart and Carlson was thrown out upon impact. With only a minor scalp wound, Carlson was later found safe under the train after it had stopped.
Now living in Western Australia, Carlson captained Wentworth, a junior club in Fremantle, before joining Easts. He was a wingman in East Fremantle's 1914 premiership team and also played in their 1918 premiership side, as a centre half back.
He was also a leading district cricketer and represented Western Australia in three first-class matches. Playing as a right handed top order batsman, he could only make 14 runs in his five innings. This included a pair against Victoria at the Fitzroy Cricket Ground, when he opened the batting and was bowled by Bert Ironmonger in each innings.

</doc>
<doc id="31089504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089504" title="Jim Clemes">
Jim Clemes

Jim Clemes (born 1957) is a Luxembourg architect who founded the Esch-sur-Alzette firm "Atelier d’Architecture et de Design Jim Clemes" in 1984. He and his firm have designed several modern Luxembourg buildings and are also involved in town planning initiatives.
Biography.
Born on 29 July 1957 in Luxembourg City, Clemes attended the "Lycée des Garçons" in Esch-sur-Alzette. He graduated in environmental design at Miami University and in architecture at the École Spéciale d'Architecture in Paris. Before founding his own firm in 1984, he worked for Luxembourg's "Services des Sites et Monuments Nationaux". Clemes' "Atelier d'Architecture et de Design" now employs 55 architects, engineers, technicians and support staff. 
Works.
His design work has included:
Clemes was also associated with the design of the futuristic waterpark Les Thermes in Bertrange, Luxembourg, and is involved in a town planning project for Differdange, Luxembourg. 

</doc>
<doc id="31089505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089505" title="Kos (regional unit)">
Kos (regional unit)

Kos () is one of the regional units of Greece. It is part of the region of South Aegean. The regional unit covers the islands of Kos, Nisyros and several smaller islands in the Aegean Sea. 
Administration.
As a part of the 2011 Kallikratis government reform, the regional unit Kos was created out of part of the former Dodecanese Prefecture. It is subdivided into 2 municipalities. These are (number as in the map in the infobox):
Province.
The province of Kos () was one of the provinces of the Dodecanese Prefecture. It had the same territory as the present regional unit. It was abolished in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="31089511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089511" title="Anandapally">
Anandapally

Anandapally is about 3 km away from Adoor, which is a major town on the State highway (M.C Road). The nearest railway station: Chengannur, about 25 km from Adoor. The nearest airport: Thiruvananthapuram International Airport, about 92 km from Adoor. It lies on a well-traversed road from the northern part of Kerala to the Hindu pilgrimage centre - Sabarimala.
Religion.
The major part of Anandapally's population are Syrian Christians, although every religion is practiced here.
Economy.
The hills and wet, humid climate of Anandapally makes it ideal, like its neighbouring panchayats, for Rubber farming. Rubber remains the primary crop cultivated here and also the prime source of income to estimate 80% of residents. This is also a large inflow of foreign currency due to the sizeable number of Gulf countries returns. 
Culture.
Maramady.
Anandappally Maramady is a fascinating cultural festival of Kerala. Maramadi is a popular festival related with agriculture. It takes place in barren waterlogged paddy fields. The competition is fierce as men and their bulls representing different regions battle it out, cheered by thousands of enthusiastic onlookers.
The race is conducted at vast stretch of freshly ploughed Kandams (paddy fields). Excited villagers crowd around the 'stadium' to cheer the participants. A pair of oxen managed by three persons forms a participating unit. Nearly 30 such units participate in the race that starts at noon and continues up to dusk.
Like professional Jockeys, these persons are also well trained and are experts in managing the oxen during the race. The oxen participating for these races are specially fed and trained.

</doc>
<doc id="31089519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089519" title="Maidstone Borough Council election, 2003">
Maidstone Borough Council election, 2003

The 2003 Maidstone Council election took place on 1 May 2003 to elect members of Maidstone Borough Council in Kent, England. One third of the council was up for election and the council stayed under no overall control.
After the election, the composition of the council was
Background.
Before the election no party had a majority on the council with the Liberal Democrats on 21 seats, the Conservatives 19, Labour 12 and 3 independents. The Conservatives stood in all 18 seats which were being contested, the Liberal Democrat and Labour parties each put up 17 candidates, the United Kingdom Independence Party 10 and there were 2 independent candidates.
Election result.
Overall turnout in the election was 30.8%.

</doc>
<doc id="31089533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089533" title="St James' Church, Dublin (Roman Catholic)">
St James' Church, Dublin (Roman Catholic)

St. James' Catholic Church in Dublin, Ireland is a historic church.
It and St. James' Church and Cemetery, Dublin are both located on St. James Street or James Street.

</doc>
<doc id="31089536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089536" title="2003 World Junior Curling Championships">
2003 World Junior Curling Championships

The 2003 World Junior Curling Championships were held at the Die Alpenarena in Flims, Switzerland March 22-30. Teams from the province of Saskatchewan won gold medals in both events for Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="31089554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089554" title="Jean de Latre">
Jean de Latre

Petit Jean De Latre ( or 1510 – 31 August 1569) or Joannes de Latre (his surname is also recorded as "Delattre", "Delatre", "De Lattre" and "Laetrius") was a Flemish Renaissance composer and choirmaster who worked in Liège and Utrecht. He is no longer believed to be same person as Claude Petit Jehan who died in 1589.
Life.
The earliest record of his employment is for 1538 to 1539 when he was "maître de chant" at church of St John the Evangelist in Liège. Subsequently De Latre was employed at St Martin, Liège. From about 1550 he was also chapel master to George of Austria, Prince-Bishop of Liège (1544–1557), to whom De Latre dedicated his first volume of secular songs or chansons of 1552.
During his time in Liège notable pupils included Gerard de Villers and Johannes Mangon.
After George of Austria's death in 1557 De Latre continued to work at St Martin, but in 1563 took up a post for a short period in Amersfoort (within the province of Utrecht). Around this time the former rector of the Latin school in Amersfoort, Johannes Oridryus, together with Albertus Buysius, undertook the publication of a collection De Latre's chansons, "Cantionum musicarum", in Düsseldorf. De Latre returned to Liège as succentor at St Martin, but was dismissed for debt in 1564.
By 1565 De Latre was employed at the Janskerk in Utrecht where he is described as a "Magister" and "Cantor". He may later have been employed at the Buurkerk there. He was buried at the Buurkerk in Utrecht in 1569, where his epitaph described him as a "musici excellentissimi".
The best attested of works are his published chansons and set of Lamentations. In addition a number of works survive in manuscript, but some may be by other composers.

</doc>
<doc id="31089557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089557" title="Katsumi Suzuki (footballer)">
Katsumi Suzuki (footballer)

Katsumi Suzuki (born April 21, 1969) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31089582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089582" title="Trolleybuses in Rome">
Trolleybuses in Rome

The Rome trolleybus system () forms part of the public transport network of the city and "comune" of Rome, Italy. In operation since 2005, the current system comprises a single route, with both a normal and an express service.
From 1937 to 1972, Rome was served by a much more extensive trolleybus system, which was then the largest in Italy and one of the largest in Europe.
History.
The first trolleybus system (1937-1972).
The first route of Rome's original trolleybus system was inaugurated on 8 January 1937. In later years, that system was greatly expanded at the expense of conventional buses, which were regarded at the time as slow and uncomfortable
Following the suspension of trolleybus services due to World War II, the system was restored and expanded during the post-war era, reaching its maximum length of 137 km in 1957.
In the 1960s, the trolleybus system (as well as Rome's tram network) was considered outdated and costly to maintain. The trolleybus routes were therefore rapidly replaced by conventional buses.
On 2 July 1972, operations ceased on the last surviving trolleybus route of the original system, no. 47 (Porto di Ripetta - Santa Maria della Pietà).
The current system (since 2005).
In the early 2000s, Rome's municipal administration decided to reduce car traffic and air pollution by strengthening urban public transport in central Rome, and particularly those forms of public transport powered by electric traction. The administration decided to improve the tram network (but in fact it was reduced), and by reintroducing trolleybuses on the most popular bus routes.
On 23 March 2005, trolleybuses took over the operation of route 90 Express, and on 1 December 2008, the route 90D Express was established.
On 18 June 2012, the Express Line 90d is suppressed. Other planned lines had never been built.
Service.
The only service operating on Rome's current trolleybus route is:
The central section of the route, from Termini station to Porta Pia, is not electrified by overhead wires, as it was considered that the two-wire overhead lines would have disfigured the city centre streets. On that part of the route, the trolleybuses are powered by onboard batteries, which are automatically recharged along the sections where wires are provided.
Trolleybus fleet.
The trolleybuses used for the operation of the present system are Solaris-Ganz Trollino articulated buses, manufactured by Solaris Bus & Coach of Poland, with electrical equipment supplied by Škoda Electric (formerly known as Ganz Transelektro).
The Trollinos are long, wide, and high. They are fitted with a battery system to enable operation over the unwired section from Termini station to Porta Pia.
External links.
"This article is based upon a translation of the Italian language version as at March 2011."

</doc>
<doc id="31089584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089584" title="Young Israel of Flatbush">
Young Israel of Flatbush

Young Israel of Flatbush is a historic synagogue at 1012 Avenue I in Midwood, Brooklyn, New York, New York. It was built between 1925 and 1929 and is a three story Moorish-inspired style building faced in polychromatic patterned brick. It features horseshoe arches, minarets, and polychromatic tiles.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="31089599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089599" title="Rhodes (regional unit)">
Rhodes (regional unit)

Rhodes () is one of the regional units of Greece. It is part of the region of South Aegean. The regional unit covers the islands of Rhodes, Chalki, Kastelorizo, Symi, Tilos and several smaller islands in the Aegean Sea. 
Administration.
As a part of the 2011 Kallikratis government reform, the regional unit Rhodes was created out of part of the former Dodecanese Prefecture. It is subdivided into 5 municipalities. These are (number as in the map in the infobox):
Province.
The province of Rhodes () was one of the provinces of the Dodecanese Prefecture. It had the same territory as the present regional unit. It was abolished in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="31089613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089613" title="Leckford Mwanza Thotho">
Leckford Mwanza Thotho

Leckford Mwanza Thotho is a politician who served as Minister of Information and then Minister of Defense in Malawi between 2009 and 2011.
Thotho ran on the Democratic Progressive Party ticket in the May 2009 elections, and was elected MP for Dowa North East.
Thotho was appointed Minister of Information and Civil Education, with Kingsley Namakwa as his deputy, in the cabinet that became effective on 15 June 2009.
In March 2010, the Scottish government announced that they would suspend aid to organizations in Malawi that discriminated against gays. Thotho responded by saying "We may be poor but money will not force us to legalise these acts of immorality because we are not such a society and we have more pressing human rights abuses that we need to pay attention to than gay rights".
This followed the conviction of a same-sex couple for gross indecency after they held a symbolic same-sex marriage. Thotho defended the decision on the basis of customary Malawian morality. He compared the ban on same-sex marriage in Malawi to that on polygamous marriage in the United States.
In March 2010, Thotho defended a decision to purchase a presidential jet for US$13.26 million, saying purchase was cheaper than rental. The opposition called the decision irresponsible given the poverty of the people of Malawi.
In July 2010, Thotho commissioned a K77 million multi-purpose community Tele-Center in Mzanza. The center would give rural people access to the internet.
Thotho caused controversy during his term as Minister of Information with his campaign to change the national flag of Malawi.
Thotho was appointed Minister of Defense in a cabinet reshuffle announced on 9 August 2010.
On 10 January 2011, Thotho was dropped from his position as Minister of Defense. Although no official reason was given, newspapers speculated that the cause was his decision to purchase arms from the United Kingdom, as recommended by the Army, rather than from China, as preferred by President Bingu wa Mutharika. Another reason could have been that he apologized to the government of Mozambique for the action of Colonel James Kalipinde in sailing on prohibited waters of Mozambique.
After the firing, the President assumed direct responsibility for the Ministry of Defense.

</doc>
<doc id="31089626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089626" title="Go Kaburaki">
Go Kaburaki

Go Kaburaki (born August 26, 1977) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31089652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089652" title="Jewish Center of Kings Highway">
Jewish Center of Kings Highway

Jewish Center of Kings Highway is a historic synagogue at 1202-1218 Avenue P in Flatbush, Brooklyn in New York City, USA. The synagogue was built between 1928 and 1930 and is a two-story-with-basement building faced in brick. It has a cast stone temple front with four engaged Corinthian order piers. Also on the property is a contributing school building built in 1949.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="31089656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089656" title="Camp Rock (disambiguation)">
Camp Rock (disambiguation)

Camp Rock may refer to:
Video games.
"Camp Rock: The Final Jam", a video game based on the film "Camp Rock 2: The Final Jam" for Nintendo DS

</doc>
<doc id="31089667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089667" title="List of works by Bruce Goff">
List of works by Bruce Goff

Chronological list of houses, commercial buildings and other works by Bruce Goff.

</doc>
<doc id="31089671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089671" title="Jean de Castro">
Jean de Castro

Jean de Castro (Liége, c. 1540 – 1611) was a Belgian Composer. Although he has virtually been forgotten in the revival of renaissance music he was during his life second only to Lassus in his popularity according to the Antwerp printer-publisher Christophe Plantin.
Despite the Spanish-sounding name Castro was a local from Liège, referred to as "nostre Castro" by the poet Etienne de Walcourt. He worked in Antwerp in the 1570s and was maitre de chapelle to the Duke of Juliers, Liége, in 1580.

</doc>
<doc id="31089700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089700" title="Jurij Tepeš">
Jurij Tepeš

Jurij Tepeš (born 14 February 1989 in Ljubljana) is a Slovenian ski jumper. His father Miran Tepeš was also a ski jumper, now he is a technical delegate at "FIS World Cup" ski jumping events. His sister Anja Tepeš is also a ski jumper competing in Women's ski jumping world cup.
Career.
Tepeš won a bronze medal at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2011 in Oslo in the Team Large Hill event. In season 2010–11 he got his first podium in World Cup Team event with Slovenia. For the first time in his career he won individual in a Grand Prix competition in Almaty, Kazakhstan.
In season 2011–12 he won for the first time for the first Slovenia World Cup Team event. In 2012 FIS Ski-Flying World Championships in Vikersund he won bronze medal at Team event. On this competition Tepeš jumped the Slovenian national record with 235.5 meters. He was the record holder for only a short period of time. He won individual in a Grand Prix competition in Almaty, Kazakhstan for the second time in his career.
The 2012–13 is the far most successful World Cup season in his career yet. In Vikersund he set his personal best jump with 237 meters. First time in his career went on an individual podium with 3rd place in Harrachov ski flying event where he fell at hill record, official 220 meters long, as measuring system was set no further than this distance (unofficially they handmeasured him 225 meters). He won three Team events with Slovenia. At last he won his first career individual world cup event in Planica.
His 208.5 meters (684 ft) helmet camera jump in 1st training round on 25 Jan 2013 in Vikersund with 1.72 million views is the "most watched ski jumping youtube video ever".
On 23 March 2013 in Planica he jumped 223.5 meters (733 feet) in trial round with helmet camera and set the world record in this category.

</doc>
<doc id="31089709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089709" title="Scorpion and Felix">
Scorpion and Felix

Scorpion and Felix, A Humoristic Novel () is the only comedic fictional story to have been written by Karl Marx. Written in 1837 when he was 19 years old, it has remained unpublished. It was likely written under the influence of "The Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy, Gentleman" by Laurence Sterne.
Description.
The novel is told by a first-person narrator in the present tense. The plot revolves around three main characters, Felix, Scorpion, and Merten, and their quest to uncover their origins. The novel seems to take an ironic polemic with philosophy. It has also been described as satirical.
The surviving fragments of the book's manuscript have not been well regarded. Francis Wheen in his biography of Marx characterizes the work as a "a nonsensical torrent of whimsy and persiflage" which was "dashed off in a fit of intoxicated whimsy," although he notes that a paragraph from that novel appears in a slightly changed form as a "famous opening paragraph" in the "The Eighteenth Brumaire of Louis Bonaparte". 
Siegbert Salomon Prawer noted that the book is notable for being Marx's first attempt to discuss politics, and that it begins his polemic with Hegel. Anna Kornbluh, however, argued that the piece is a polemic with Locke, Fichte, and Kant, but not Hegel. She also commented more positively on the novel, concluding that is shows how even a young Marx "pursued logico-formal connections behind the veil of the visible, how thoroughly he tracked different forms of appearance of the real within ontologically positive reality".
The novel was never finished. Only some chapters of the novel survive to the modern day. Parts of the novel could have been burned by Marx himself, along with some other early works of his. The parts that survive are those fragments that Marx included as a supplement when he published his "Book of Verse" (1837).
The surviving fragments of Marx's novel were published in English for the first time in 1975 as part of Volume 1 of "Marx-Engels Collected Works."

</doc>
<doc id="31089719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089719" title="Shinya Tomita">
Shinya Tomita


</doc>
<doc id="31089724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089724" title="Robbie Diack">
Robbie Diack

Robbie Diack (born 12 November 1985 in Johannesburg, South Africa) is a South African born, Irish rugby union player who currently plays for Ulster in the RaboDirect Pro12. He plays in the back row mainly as a number eight. He signed for Ulster at the start of the 2008/2009 season from the South African club The Stormers. At and weighing , he is a smart and powerful player known for his ball handling skills. He will be eligible to play his rugby for Ireland in July 2011 as he will have been living in Ireland for the required three years. In October 2010 Diack signed a new contract keeping him with Ulster until June 2014. In March 2013, Diack was called up to the Ireland squad for the first time, having been selected for the 35 man training squad for the Six Nations clash with France. He made his full Ireland debut in the victory over Argentina in June 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="31089727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089727" title="Sve što vidim je prvi put">
Sve što vidim je prvi put

Sve što vidim je prvi put ("Everything I See Is For The First Time") is the debut album by the Serbian alternative rock band Repetitor released by the Odličan Hrčak independent record label in 2008.
Track listing.
All music written by Repetitor, all lyrics written by Boris Vlastelica.
Personnel.
Repetitor
Additional personnel

</doc>
<doc id="31089752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089752" title="Canadian Dominion Football Championship">
Canadian Dominion Football Championship

The Canadian Dominion Football Championship was awarded to the best Amateur Football team prior to the Grey Cup in 1909. Teams from the Ontario Rugby Football Union, Quebec Rugby Football Union, Interprovincial Rugby Football Union and the Canadian Intercollegiate Rugby Football Union would compete for the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="31089757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089757" title="Fred Cozzens">
Fred Cozzens

Fred S. Cozzens (1846–1928) was a famous artist of the 19th century. Numerous books refer to Cozzens, and his paintings are also duplicated as chromolithographs.
Works.
Some Old Naval paintings by Frederick S. Cozzens 
References.
Americana, folk and decorative art
Mary Jean Smith Madigan - 1982 - 159 pages - 
There was also the company of his friends, Fred Cozzens, his sketching companion; James Bard and James ... The Seamen's Bank for Savings in New York, long a collector of fine marine art, obtained many of its Jacobsens directly from the ...
Sea history: Issues 77-82
National Maritime Historical Society - 1996 - 
Marine Art Ne Big Horn Becomes Regional Rendezvous If you had walked into the spacious Big Horn Gallery in Fairfield, Connecticut, ... which includes work by James E. Buttersworth, Robert Salmon, Antonio Jacobsen and Frederick Cozzens. ...
The Rudder: Volume 60
Thomas Fleming Day - 1943 - 
I will now mention some of the marine artists in an effort to help or guide those who are interested in acquiring ... Fred S. Cozzens, USA Cozzens was probably at his best around 1880 although he continued painting up to about 1918. ...
Outing: sport, adventure, travel, fiction: Volume 12 - Page xvi
1888 - 
Part II Capt. RF Coffin 512 With five illustrations by Fred. S. Cozzens, and others. Canadian Fishing Sketches. ... Poem Sanborn Gove Tenner . . . .539 Catching a Cub Arthur J. Self ridge 540 How to Select a Marine Glass 542 Cycle and ...
The Dictionary of Nautical Literacy - Page 278
Robert McKenna - 2003 - 432 pages - 
Pansing, Frederick (1844–1910), German-born marine artist who went to sea at age sixteen and later emigrated to America. A contemporary of artists Antonio Jacobsen, James Buttersworth, and Frederick Cozzens, he is best known for his ...
Mariner's Book of Days 2007
Peter H. Spectre - 2006 - 112 pages - Preview
OCCUPATIONS OF A FEW EARLY MARINE ARTISTS BEFORE THEY BECAME KNOWN FOR THEIR ART Antonio Jacobsen—safe painter ... engraver WT Richards—light-fixture designer James Hamilton—book illustrator Frederick S. Cozzens—newspaper and book ...
American landscape and genre paintings in the New-York Historical ...: Volume 1
New-York Historical Society, Richard J. Koke - 1982 - 3 pages - 
384 Sailing Vessel, 1924 Watercolor on illustration board, 15 x 21% inches Inscribed: Signed and dated, lower left: Fred S. Cozzens I 24. Bottom, center: Presented to my Old Sailor Friend Ex. Gov. William Sulzer I May 10, 1924. ...
Exhibition ...: Volumes 16-17 - Page 115
Massachusetts Charitable Mechanic Association, Boston - 1888 - 
Fred S. Cozzens. 1M. Loxn luLAXii BeaiB. Fred S. Cozzens. Exhibit of Models by Ueoiige Law ley A Boss. xo. models. 100. St HOONF. ... 114. Sloop, Puritan. artist. HA Halleti. WP Stobbs. Exhibit by NL Stebbins, Marine Pbotograpbkb. ...
Maritime America: art and artifacts from America's great nautical ...
Peter Neill - 1988 - 255 pages - 
Among these, however, perhaps the ultimate 119 In this original rendering for the frontispiece to Our Navy, Its Growth and Achievement, written by Jerrold Kelly, marine artist Frederick S Cozzens depicts the Columbian Naval Review of ...
The Book buyer: a monthly review of American and foreign literature - Page 202
1887 - 
Of the illustrations, of which there are over one hundred, it is sufficient to say they are drawn Chiefly by Mr. Fred S. Cozzens, so well known by his marine sketches. The volume is a collection of the articles that have been printed in ...

</doc>
<doc id="31089766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089766" title="Revista de la Asociación Geológica de Argentina">
Revista de la Asociación Geológica de Argentina

The Revista de la Asociación Geológica de Argentina is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Asociación Geológica de Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="31089783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089783" title="Kea-Kythnos">
Kea-Kythnos

Kea-Kythnos () is one of the regional units of Greece. It is part of the region of South Aegean. The regional unit covers the islands of Kea, Kythnos, Makronisos and several smaller islands in the Aegean Sea. 
Administration.
As a part of the 2011 Kallikratis government reform, the regional unit Kea-Kythnos was created out of part of the former Cyclades Prefecture. It is subdivided into 2 municipalities. These are (number as in the map in the infobox):
Province.
The province of Kea () was one of the provinces of the Cyclades Prefecture. It had the same territory as the present regional unit Kea-Kythnos. It was abolished in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="31089796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089796" title="Rock Camp">
Rock Camp

'"Rock Camp may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31089821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089821" title="Kaleena Mosqueda-Lewis">
Kaleena Mosqueda-Lewis

Kaleena Mosqueda-Lewis is an American basketball player at the University of Connecticut. Prior to enrolling at UConn she played for Mater Dei High School in Santa Ana, California. She played on the USA Basketball U16 National Team, where she helped the team win the FIBA Americas U16 Championship Gold Medal. Mosqueda-Lewis was named the 2011 State Farm/WBCA High School Player of the Year by the Women's Basketball Coaches Association.
Early Years.
Mosqueda-Lewis started playing basketball in the third grade. At first, she didn't like it, but she kept working at it. At the age of nine, she was not selected to a recreation league all-star basketball team. She wasn't happy, and her stepfather, Khairi Ali, asked her, "Do you want to kick butt?". Mosqueda-Lewis responded, "Yes, I want to kick butt.". Ali set up a training regimen, originally for six months with an option to renew. It has paid off, as she played for the Tennessee Flight, a national club team, and qualified for the USA National U16 team, a team for under 16 year-olds.
Mosqueda-Lewis was named captain of her team, and helped lead them to the semifinals of the state tournament in 2009. She averaged over 24 points a game en route to a 31–0 regular season record. While still a sophomore, she was named the Gatorade player of the year for California, and named to the Parade All American list for the country.
Mosqueda-Lewis has led her team in scoring since her freshman year. As a junior, she was named the number one player in the country by ESPN's Hoopgurlz, while leading her team to a number one ranking among high schools in the country.
Mosqueda-Lewis and her Mater Dei high school team was invited to the 2011 Hoophall Classic, held in Springfield, Massachusetts. This was not her first experience with the event, as the team participated in 2009. She scored 17 points to help lead her team to an 85–45 victory over Murry Bergtraum from New York City. The event often showcases top high school teams from the region and around the country. Mosqueda-Lewis committed to Connecticut in the spring of her sophomore year. She had also considered California, Kentucky, UCLA, Stanford, Tennessee, and Duke.
Mater Dei faced Brea Olinda in the finals of the 2011 Southern California regional finals. Brea Olinda, with a 29–0 record and Mater Dei, at 28–1 were not only ranked number one and two, respectively, in the county, but also in the state and in the nation. Brea Olinda scored the first four points of the game, but Mater Dei responded with 16 consecutive points. The game was closer at halftime 32–25. Mater Dei extended the margin to a 14-point lead in the third quarter, but Brea Olinda cut the lead to five with 1:24 left in the game. However, Mater Dei hit free throws, and held on to win, behind a team leading sixteen points from Mosqueda-Lewis.
Mosqueda-Lewis is known for her three point shooting accuracy—she hit a school record nine three-point shots in a game between Mater Dei and Fairfax on March 8, 2011. She made 337 three-pointers at Mater Dei, more than anyone else in her high school history. Mosqueda-Lewis also holds the school record for points, with 2,744 and rebounds (876).
Mosqueda-Lewis has been named the National Player of the year by both the Women's Basketball Coaches Association and the Atlanta Tipoff Club, which selects the winner of the Naismith Award for the National High School Basketball Players of the Year.
On March 17, 2011, Mosqueda-Lewis was attending school as usual, and heard an announcement that there would be an assembly to honor the girls and boys basketball team. While she awaited the start of the assembly, Lisa Leslie, Olympic and professional basketball star from California, greeted her and presented her with the news she was the recipient of the 2010-11 Gatorade National Girls Basketball Player of the Year. Leslie, who was the last basketball player from California to win the award, presented the award to her in a televised ceremony.
ESPN's Hoopgurlz named Mosqueda-Lewis their national player of the year, the first time the honor has been awarded to the same player in consecutive seasons. The announcement of the award compared her to Maya Moore, noting that both players won a championship at the Nike Tournament of Champions, both won a Nike National title, both were ranked the number one prospect in their class, but Mosqueda-Lewis led her team to consecutive number one ranking among high school teams, a feat not accomplished by Moore.
Mosqueda-Lewis is also an active volunteer. She served on her high school student council and has volunteered with programs such as the Blind Children’s Learning Center, Orange County Head Start, Urban Compass Christmas Outreach and coached at an after school program, the Upward Christian Basketball Program.
USA Basketball.
2009 U16 Mexico City.
Mosqueda-Lewis was selected to be a member of the first ever U16 team for USA Basketball. The team competed in the First FIBA Americas U16 Championship For Women held in Mexico City, Mexico in August 2009. She was the teams leader scorer, averaging 14 points per game, and the second leading rebounder, averaging 4.6 rebounds per game. The helped the team to a 5–0 record and the Gold medal at the competition. The win secured an automatic bid to the 2010 FIBA U17 World Championship.
2010 U17 France.
Mosqueda-Lewis continued with the team as it became the U17 team. The team competed in the 2010 FIBA U17 World Championship for Women, held in Rodez & Toulouse, France during July 2010. Mosqueda-Lewis helped the team win the gold medal and an 8–0 record. She was the third leading scorer, averaging 11.6 points per game. She hit 19 three-point shots in 39 attempts. Her 19 three point goals were almost half the team total of 40. Her tournament three point shooting average was .487, and included a 5–6 outing against Canada.
2011 U19 World Championships - Chile.
Mosqueda-Lewis was selected to be a member of the USA Basketball U19 squad, competing for the U19 World Championships in Chile. She scored 7.9 points per game, and 4.9 rebounds per game to help lead the USA team to a Gold Medal. Mosqueda-Lewis played in all nine games, and was named as a starter in two of the games. In the Gold Medal game against Spain, she was the leading scorer with 15 points (tied with Elizabeth Williams and Stephanie Dolson).
2013 World University Games - Russia.
Mosqueda-Lewis, along with teammate Bria Hartley were two of the twelve players selected to be on the team representing the USA at the World University Games held in Kazan, Russia in July 2013. The team, coached by Sherri Coale, won the opening four games easily, scoring in triple digits in each game, and winning by 30 or more points in each case. After winning the quarterfinal game against Sweden, they faced Australia in the semifinal. The USA team opened up as much as a 17 point in the fourth quarter of the game but the Australian team fought back and took a one point lead in the final minute. Crystal Bradford scored a basket with 134 seconds left ant he game to secure a 79–78 victory. The gold medal opponent was Russia, but the USA team never trailed, and won 90–71 to win the gold medal and the World University games Championship. Mosqueda-Lewis was the second leading scorer for the team, averaging 13.0 points per game. She was the leading rebounder for the team, averaging 6.8 per game.
Connecticut.
Mosqueda-Lewis made the decision to choose Connecticut relatively early in the recruiting process. Although she was ranked as the top player in the country, Auriemma tried a low key recruiting approach. According to Mosqueda-Lewis, the message was, ""If you want to go there, fine. If you don't, don't". He told her "You're a California girl. You're not going to make it. I think you might be a little soft" knowing she would remember that one of the best players in the game Diana Taurasi also hailed from California. She took a trip, with her father, to visit the UConn campus when she was fifteen. She met the coaches and players, and decided this was where she wanted to attend. She was ready to make the decision on the spot, but her father insisted on including her mother in the decision. They got on the phone, and minutes later, she decided she would attend UConn. Mosqueda-Lewis had enough self-confidence to ask for player number 23, worn most recently by Maya Moore, a star and UConn and an eventual #1 pick in the 2011 WNBA Draft.
In her first collegiate game, she did not live up to her reputation as a deep shooting threat, missing all seven three-pointers she attempted. But, she followed that up with 25 points in her second game, and another 25 points against the number three ranked team in the country Stanford. It wasn't just scoring, her defense, and other contributions such as eight rebounds inspired her coach to quip, "She looks like the best player on the floor."
Mosqueda-Lewis helped her team win the 2013 National Championship, and was named to the 2013 NCAA Final Four All-Tournament team.

</doc>
<doc id="31089829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089829" title="Shamsher Gazi">
Shamsher Gazi

Shamsher Gazi or Samsher Gazi (1712-1760) was a governor in historical Comilla, Bangladesh. 
Biography.
Born into an ordinary peasant family in 1712 in Kungura village, Gazi became the ruler of the entire Chakla Raushanabad which was spread over the south of Comilla and the north of the Noakhali districts. Gradually he brought the whole of the Comilla district under his control. Later he conquered Nizampur Pargana, thus making himself "The Uncrowned King" of the region between the Meghna, the Muhuri and the Manuganga rivers. Towards the beginning of the British Raj, zamindari oppression had made the life of the peasants and farmers miserable. Shamsher Gazi was wise, efficient, kind and a bountiful ruler. He granted rent exemption to poor peasants, managed the economy well and this led to the reduction of the prices of essential commodities. He granted freeholds to many Hindus and Muslims. He dug numerous ponds and built many schools in and outside his capital Jagannath Sonapur. Of the ponds he dug, 'Kaiyar Sagar' was the largest.Having consolidated his position as landlord of Dakshin Shik and Meherkul parganas, Shamsher turned his attention to Tripura and ousted King Krishna Manikya after a brief conflict in the year of 1748. He encountered serious opposition from the tribal subjects in the hilly interiors of the state who fought behind the king of Tripura.
The king of Tripura Krishna Manikya sent two expeditions of the powerful Kuki armies against Shamser Gazi. Both failed before Shamser's extraordinary military acumen and heroism. Shamser Gazi conquered Udaypur, the capital of Tripura. The king fled to Agartala and sought the protection of Nawab MIR QASIM. Shamsher Gazi was killed in 1760 when he responded to a false invitation for a dialogue with the nawab. Thus Krishna Mainkya was able to regain his lost Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="31089833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089833" title="List of Olympic venues in archery">
List of Olympic venues in archery

For the Summer Olympics, there are 16 venues that have been or will be used for archery.

</doc>
<doc id="31089844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089844" title="Pressure in the Club">
Pressure in the Club

"Pressure in the Club" is an upcoming song by DJ Snake and Eva Simons. It was first played publicly on 26 December 2010, however a release date has yet to be confirmed. The song has gained much popularity from fans of DJ Snake, and Eva Simons
Track listing.
The track listing may change at any time before the release.

</doc>
<doc id="31089845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089845" title="List of communes of the Province of Arezzo">
List of communes of the Province of Arezzo

The following is a list of the 39 comuni of the Province of Arezzo, Tuscany, in Italy.
See also.
List of comuni of Italy

</doc>
<doc id="31089863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089863" title="Jun Mizukoshi">
Jun Mizukoshi

Jun Mizukoshi (, born January 15, 1975) is a Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31089882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089882" title="Rabbit's Back">
Rabbit's Back

Rabbit's Back, also called "Rabbit Back", is an elevated promontory, or peninsula, that extends eastward into Lake Huron. It is located 4 miles (6.5 km) north of St. Ignace in the U.S. state of Michigan.
The promontory separates two shallow bays of the extreme northwestern coast of Lake Huron, Evergreen Shores to the south and Horseshoe Bay to the north. From nearby Mackinac Island the promontory is said to appear like the back of a crouching rabbit, hence the name "Rabbit's Back". Like nearby Castle Rock, the promontory is a somewhat erosion-resistant mass of brecciated Straits of Mackinac limestone.
The summit of the promontory is 696 feet (212 meters) above sea level, and 115 feet (35 meters) above the level of nearby Lake Huron. The promontory is located within Hiawatha National Forest.

</doc>
<doc id="31089888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089888" title="Milos (regional unit)">
Milos (regional unit)

Milos () is one of the regional units of Greece. It is part of the region of South Aegean. The regional unit covers the islands of Kimolos, Milos, Serifos, Sifnos and several smaller islands in the Aegean Sea. 
Administration.
As a part of the 2011 Kallikratis government reform, the Milos regional unit was created out of part of the former Cyclades Prefecture. It is subdivided into 4 municipalities. These are (number as in the map in the infobox):
Province.
The province of Milos () was one of the provinces of the Cyclades Prefecture. It had the same territory as the present regional unit. It was abolished in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="31089890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089890" title="St Peter's Church, Sudbury">
St Peter's Church, Sudbury

St Peter's Church, Sudbury, is a redundant Anglican church in the town of Sudbury, Suffolk, England. It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building, and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands in the centre of the town in a dominating position on Market Hill.
A church has been on the site since at least 1180, but the current structure dates from the 15th century, though there have been several restorations in the intervening period. Formerly a spired church, St. Peter's now has a bell tower which, like the rest of the building, is mainly covered in flint. The interior of the church features paintings by George Frederick Bodley and Robert Cardinal, and a pipe organ originally made by T. C. Lewis.
History.
The earliest documentary record of the church is in 1180, when it was a chapel of ease to St Gregory's church. The church was built in three stages, beginning with the first two bays of the chancel and the base of the tower in about 1330–48. The later stages of building were in about 1360, and in about 1425–50. In 1643, during the Civil War, the iconoclast William Dowsing damaged many of the items in the church. A restoration took place in 1685, which included some alterations to the nave roof. A clock was installed in 1701, and during the first half of the 18th century a spire of metal and wood was added; this was replaced by another spire in 1810. The church was restored again in 1858–59 by William Butterfield; this included removal of the three galleries and the box pews, re-laying the chancel floor, and replacement of the pulpit. Stained glass made by Hardman & Co. was installed in some of the windows, and more stained glass by Hardman was installed later in the century.
In 1898 the chancel was restored and redecorated by George Frederick Bodley. A wooden reredos was installed in the Lady Chapel. The stonework of the exterior was restored in 1911, when statues were inserted into three niches in the south porch. A further restoration took place in 1968 when the upper part of the tower was replaced, the spire was taken down, and most of Bodley's paintings were removed from the chancel. The church was declared redundant in 1972, and in 1976 was vested in the Redundant Churches Fund, the forerunner of the Churches Conservation Trust. A charitable trust, The Friends of St. Peter's has been established to maintain and improve the church. Since being made redundant, the church has been used occasionally for services, and for a variety of events, including concerts, organ recitals and exhibitions.
Architecture.
Exterior.
The church is constructed mainly in flint, with some stone, brick and tiles. Its plan is not quite rectangular, as it had to be confined into a limited space. The northwest corner is cut across, and the chancel is not fully in alignment with the nave. The plan consists of a six-bay nave with a clerestory, north and south aisles, a two-bay chancel with the organ chamber and vestry to the north and the Lady Chapel to the south, and an extended sanctuary to the east, and a west tower incorporated in the body of the church. Its architectural styles are Decorated and Perpendicular. The tower is in three stages with angle buttresses. Its parapet consists of stepped battlements, and at the corners are statues rather than pinnacles. The aisles also have battlemented parapets, and there are more buttresses around the church. The main entrance to the church is through the west door at the base of the tower. Formerly the main entrance was through the south porch. The three statues on the exterior of the porch represent Christ, with Saint Peter on one side and Saint Gregory on the other.
Interior.
The arcades are in six bays, the piers on the north arcade differing from those on the south. The roof is ceiled and divided into panels, with gilt bosses at the intersections. It is the only medieval nave roof in Suffolk to be ceiled and panelled in its original form. Some of Bodley's painting remains on the chancel arch. In the south aisle is the octagonal 15th-century font. This was removed from the church in the 17th century to be used as a horse trough, but was returned to the church when the horses refused to drink from it. In the chancel the reredos designed by Bodley measures high by wide, and depicts the Crucifixion. On the sides of the chancel are 15th-century screens. In the Lady Chapel the font is carved with a depiction of the Nativity, and the reredos is a copy of Leonardo da Vinci's Last Supper. Over the north and south doors are paintings of Moses and Aaron. These were painted by Robert Cardinall, and formerly hung in a position flanking the reredos at the east end of the church. The lectern, pulpit and altar are Victorian, as is the stained glass. The three-manual organ was built in 1911 by T. C. Lewis. It was renovated in 1942 by Henry Willis & Sons, and rebuilt in 1987 by Bishop. A major rebuild was carried out by J. W. Walker & Sons Ltd in 1999. There is a ring of ten bells, the oldest three being cast in about 1470, and the most recent two in 1978.

</doc>
