<doc id="30933182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933182" title="Tramaine Billie">
Tramaine Billie

Tramaine Billie (born November 15, 1983) is an American football player. He graduated from Clemson University from 2003–2007, and played professionally in 2010 for the Fort Wayne FireHawks of the Continental Indoor Football League, where he was named Co-Defensive MVP of the league.
High school career.
Billie attended Dreher High School in Columbia, South Carolina, where he was coached by Bill Bacon. Billie played two seasons at linebacker before moving to running back his junior season, in which he rushed for 2,003 yards (school record) and 19 touchdowns and also made 52 tackles. As a senior he rushed for 1,000 yards in the first five games of the 2002 season with an offensive line that did not have a returning starter, after missing two games with a sprained ankle, Billie ended his senior season with 1,570 yards and 17 touchdowns in just eight games; also added 58 tackles, including two sacks, three caused fumbles, and a blocked kick, good enough to make him a Mr. Football finalist, and earn him and appearance in the North-South All-Star Game. He set the school career rushing mark with 4,073 yards and 43 touchdowns. He was also a two-year letterman in Basketball and five-time letterman in track (AAA state champion in the 100m in 2002).
Billie committed to Clemson University on July 8, 2003. Billie's lone other FBS football scholarship came from the University of South Carolina.
College career.
Billie saw limited playing time as a freshman in 2003, but 2004 brought on a starting role for him. He finished the season with 62 tackles (5th on the team). In 2005, he was once again the starter as strongside linebacker, this time he 93 tackles finished 3rd on the team. In 2006 he Red-shirted after suffering a broken ankle in an August 18 practice. He was receiving strong draft consideration before this injury, but eventually fell out of favor with NFL teams and did not make it to camp.
Statistics.
Source:
Professional career.
Fort Wayne FireHawks.
In 2010, Billie signed with the FireHawks to play indoor football. At the time, Billie was back home in South Carolina coaching and training some young athletes, and got a call from coach Donnie Caldwell to play. He went on to great success as he led the team to a 6–4 regular-season record and a third seed in the playoffs. Throughout the season, Billie had many outstanding games and set many franchise records as a two-way player. He tallied 12 carries for 34 yards and 6 touchdowns as a running back, and as a linebacker he had 66.5 tackles, 1 sack, forced 1 fumble, recovered 3 fumbles, and had 4 interceptions, 3 of which he returned for touchdowns. He went on to be Co-Defensive MVP of the league.

</doc>
<doc id="30933185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933185" title="Duncan McDougall">
Duncan McDougall

Duncan McDougall may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30933198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933198" title="Maine Army National Guard">
Maine Army National Guard

The Maine Army National Guard is a component of the United States Army and the United States National Guard. Nationwide, the Army National Guard comprises approximately one half of the US Army's available combat forces and approximately one third of its support organization. National coordination of various state National Guard units are maintained through the National Guard Bureau. The Guard is administered by the adjutant general, an appointee of the governor of Maine. The Constitution of the United States specifically charges the National Guard with dual federal and state missions. Those functions range from limited actions during non-emergency situations to full scale law enforcement of martial law when local law enforcement officials can no longer maintain civil control.
Maine's Army National Guard units are trained and equipped as part of the United States Army. The same ranks (enlisted/officer) and insignia are used and National Guardsmen are eligible to receive all United States military awards. The Maine Guard also bestows a number of state awards for local services rendered in or to the state of Maine.
The current adjutant general for the Maine National Guard is Brigadier General James D. Campbell. He is the 39th Adjutant General for the State of Maine.
The Maine Army National Guard is composed of 48 units spread across approximately 29 armories and is present in 26 communities in Maine. The headquarters is located in Camp Keyes, Augusta, ME.
The larger units in the state specialize in:
Smaller units specialties include:
In addition, it includes the 11th WMD Civil Support Team. The 11th WMD CST was of the first of the now 57 teams that are spread across the United States of America that is tasked with immediate, less than 4 hour response to any unknown chemical, biological, and/or radiological incident. The joint Army/Air Guard team can self-sustain for 72 hours of continuous operation and is constantly training to stay on top of the technology and techniques for sampling, evidence collection, identification, and education of the possibilities that the team may be alerted for.
History.
The citizens of Maine have been defending their homes and familis since the first colonists came ashore in the 1630s. When Maine became part of Massachusetts in the 1670s they fought in the Massachusetts Militia during King Philip's War, Queen Anne's War, King George's War, and the War of the Spanish Succession, known in North America as the French and Indian War. In 1775, Maine Soldiers rushed to the Battle of Bunker Hill and the siege of Boston. Mainers would continue to serve through the end of the war.
Maine saw incursions from the British yet again during the War of 1812. British forces threatened the city of Portland in 1814, having seized Bangor and Castine earlier that year. The citizens of Southern Maine appealed to the government of Massachusetts for aid, as Maine was still part of Massachusetts. The federal government also ordered Massachusetts Governor Caleb Strong to send troops to defend Maine. Governor Strong declined, as his politics differed from those of President Madison. He would leave Maine to the British.
This understandably outraged the citizens of Maine, who rallied their own militia for their defense. The commander of the militia, General Alfond Richardson, began preparations for the defense of the town in defiance of Governor Strong’s orders, stating that even though he was only an officer of the militia, he was still a soldier of the United States and was bound under the Constitution to protect those under him. Forts Scammel and Preble were both manned with 200 troops and the batteries on those islands were reinforced. In addition, batteries and redoubts were built on the landward side of town to protect from an invasion overland. The Portland Light Infantry Company manned the forts in the harbor from September through October. Formed in 1803 in Portland, it is the longest serving unit in the Maine Army National Guard.
Due to the actions of Major General Richardson and the men of the Maine Division of Militia, the British decided that the fortifications around Portland were too strong and cancelled the attack. However, the implications of this event carried over into the political realm in a major way. The District of Maine, which had been dissatisfied with the government of Massachusetts since its annexation in the 1600s, now had enough with being a part of a state that would abandon it to the British. The actions of Major General Richardson propelled the push for Maine’s statehood, which would occur six years later in 1820.
The Maine National Guard was officially established in 1820 as a State Militia, when Maine entered the Union (as a result of the Missouri Compromise). Forty years later, more than 72,000 Soldiers from Maine fought to preserve the Union during the Civil War (1861–65).
For much of the final decades of the twentieth century, National Guard personnel typically served "One weekend a month, two weeks a year", with a portion working for the Guard in a full-time capacity. The current forces formation plans of the US Army call for the typical National Guard unit (or National Guardsman) to serve one year of active duty for every three years of service. More specifically, current Department of Defense policy is that no Guardsman will be involuntarily activated for a total of more than 24 months (cumulative) in one six year enlistment period (this policy is due to change 1 August 2007, the new policy states that Soldiers will be given 24 months between deployments of no more than 24 months, individual states have differing policies).
Since its establishment, soldiers from the Maine Army National Guard have served in every military conflict, either in a support role, or active theater operations.
According to a March 2, 2013 article in the Economist, "No state has lost more soldiers in Afghanistan, per person, than Maine—a fertile recruiting ground in every conflict since the civil war and still today home to an unusual number of veterans." 
Historic units.
Maine Units in the Civil War
20th Maine Infantry Regiment

</doc>
<doc id="30933199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933199" title="Serif PhotoPlus">
Serif PhotoPlus

Serif PhotoPlus is an image editing program for Microsoft Windows. The latest version is Serif PhotoPlus X7.
Supported platforms.
PhotoPlus was developed for Microsoft Windows and is fully compatible with Windows XP, Windows Vista (32/64bit), Windows 7 (32/64bit) and Windows 8 (32/64bit).
History.
PhotoPlus 5 1999.
PhotoPlus 6 1999.
PhotoPlus 7 2001.
PhotoPlus 8 2002.
PhotoPlus 9 2003.
PhotoPlus 10 2005.
PhotoPlus 11 25 September 2006.
PhotoPlus X2 29 October 2007.
PhotoPlus X3 11 May 2009.
PhotoPlus X4 12 July 2010.
PhotoPlus X5.
PhotoPlus X6 3 December 2012.
PhotoPlus X7 April 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="30933201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933201" title="Réunionnais literature">
Réunionnais literature

Réunionnais literature is the literature of persons linked to the island of Réunion, a French overseas department in the Indian Ocean east of Madagascar. It is written in French and in Réunionnais creole as well as other languages.
The origins of Réunionnais literature are in Réunionnais short stories and poetry, which flourished beginning in the mid-18th century. Évariste de Parny and Antoine Bertin were writers born in the island in the 18th century, but who spent most of their lives away from their birthplace. For them Réunion was a subject that represented beaty and youthful memories. This theme of exoticism was one that predominated in literature written by French-language writers from Réunion writing for a readership in France. Réunion was recounted as a lost paradise inhabited by happy natives, as in the 1924 novel "Ulysse, Cafre ou L'Histoire dorée d'un Noir" by Prix Goncourt winning Réunionnais authors Marius-Ary Leblond.
In the 19th century, the novel became more important; "Les Marrons" by Louis Timagène Houat was a major work. In French poetry, Leconte de Lisle and Léon Dierx were leading Parnassians.
A movement away from representing Réunion as a picturesque and Romantic generalised tropical paradise for the entertainment of foreign readers and towards a literature with a distinct cultural identity can be seen in the poetry of Pierre-Claude Georges-François (1869 - 1933), which moves away from classical forms of French poetry. His 1931 collection "Poèmes d'Outre-Mer" contained the first free verse in Réunionnais literature, daringly mixed with classical alexandrines. 
Jean Albany's 1951 "Zamal" turns the tables on the colonial literary tradition by representing France as the "other", and introduces Creole. Slavery and the specifics of Réunionnais history, geography, fauna and flora are explored. 
Boris Gamaley's "Vali pour une reine morte" (1973) is written in a variety of languages: French, Creole, Malagasy and other African and Indian languages to represent the linguistic and cultural influences of the island, using the languages of indigenous people, colonisers, slaves and indentured labourers. 
Réunionnais literature has experienced a revival since Réunion became a departement.
Créolie is a movement in Réunionnais literature.

</doc>
<doc id="30933214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933214" title="List of people buried in St. Martin's Cathedral, Bratislava">
List of people buried in St. Martin's Cathedral, Bratislava

This is a partial list of people buried in the St. Martin's Cathedral in Bratislava, Slovakia. St. Martin's Cathedral is known especially for previously being the coronation church of the Kingdom of Hungary and since it was built over an old cemetery, it contains catacombs of unknown length and several crypts containing the sepulchres of many significant historical figures, up to six meters beneath the church.
Over the centuries, the cathedral's sepulchres filled with many significant figures, such as ecclesiastic dignitaries, presidents of the historic Pozsony county as well as J. I. Bajza, the author of the first Slovak novel, but also with dozens of bishops, cannons, French priests fleeing the French revolution and many people outside the Catholic church.
List of people buried in the St. Martin's Cathedral.
This is a partial list of graves at St. Martin's Cathedral:
There is also the grave of Schomberg George - the Vice-Chancellor of Academia Istropolitana, Mikuláš II. Pálfi (Palffy) who died in 1606 in Červený Kameň, Pavol IV. Pálfi (Palffy) who died on November 26, 1653 (except his heart), a Palatine of Hungary, Ján III. Anton Pálfi (Palffy) who died in 1694 in Bratislava (except his heart), Štefan II. Pálfi (Palffy) who died on May 29, 1646, buried together with his mother and his brother Ján II. Pálfi (Palffy).

</doc>
<doc id="30933222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933222" title="2011 Morocco Tennis Tour – Casablanca">
2011 Morocco Tennis Tour – Casablanca

The 2011 Morocco Tennis Tour – Casablanca was a professional tennis tournament played on clay courts. It was the first edition of the tournament which is part of the 2011 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Casablanca, Morocco between 21 and 27 February 2011.
ATP entrants.
Other Entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:

</doc>
<doc id="30933226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933226" title="List of Presidents of the Chamber of Advisors">
List of Presidents of the Chamber of Advisors

The President of the Chamber of Advisors of Tunisia is the presiding officer of that body. From the creation of the Chamber of Advisors in 2002, it is the upper house of the Parliament of Tunisia.

</doc>
<doc id="30933239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933239" title="Sandwell Council election, 2006">
Sandwell Council election, 2006

The 2006 Sandwell Council election took place on 4 May 2006 to elect members of Sandwell Metropolitan Borough Council in the West Midlands, England. One third of the council was up for election and the Labour party stayed in overall control of the council.
After the election, the composition of the council was
Campaign.
24 of the 72 seats on the council were being contested in the election, with Labour holding control beforehand with 53 seats.
The election saw 9 candidates from the British National Party, part of a record number for the party in the West Midlands. There were reports in the press that 5 of these candidates had a chance of being elected, with 3 of them having a high probability of success.
In the run up to the election councillor Alan Burkitt was arrested by the police on suspicion of selling his girlfriend for sex. As a result Burkitt, representing Charlemont with Grove Vale ward, was suspended from the Conservative party; Burkitt had previously been a Liberal Democrat councillor before defecting to the Conservatives.
During the election the Conservative candidate in Tipton Green Shahzad Chaudhry accused the Labour councillor, Ahmadul Haque, of breaking the code of conduct for candidates by giving his home number for voters who wanted help with postal votes, however Haque denied he had done anything wrong. Meanwhile Chaudhry received the backing of the former British National Party organiser for the West Midlands, Steve Edwards, in the election for Tipton Green.
Election result.
The results saw the British National Party win 3 seats, all gains from Labour. The gains for the British National Party came in the wards of Great Bridge, Princes End and Tividale, taking the party to 4 seats on the council. Labour dropped to 50 seats, after losing 4 but gaining another 1, the Conservatives stayed on 11 seats, the Liberal Democrats 5 and independents on 2 seats.

</doc>
<doc id="30933245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933245" title="Munger Terrace">
Munger Terrace

Munger Terrace is a landmarked apartment block in Duluth, Minnesota, USA. It was originally eight luxury townhouses.
The building, in brick with brownstone trim, was constructed in 1891-92 for Roger S. Munger, an important early Duluth entrepreneur, on a site next to his Victorian Gothic mansion; the houses were rentals, Munger's only such project. The architects were Oliver G. Traphagen and Francis W. Fitzpatrick; the style of the building is sometimes described as Richardsonian Romanesque revival sometimes as "Châteauesque." The National Register of Historic Places lists it as Renaissance. The townhouses were all different and had sixteen rooms, separate front and back stairs, central steam heat, running water on all floors, gas for cooking, and electric lighting. The site on the Central Hillside below North 5th Street between North 4th and North 5th Avenues West was three blocks above the tower of the Post Office downtown, and gardens with fountains and a gazebo were laid out on the slope in front of the building. 
The project's original name was Piedmont Terrace, but Piedmont Avenue below was renamed Mesabi Avenue and is now Mesaba Avenue; a different Duluth street is now called Piedmont Avenue. The current address of the building is 405 Mesaba Avenue.
One of the original tenants was the Benedictine Sisters, who rented the three westernmost units (6 through 8) and used two rooms on the second floor of unit 8 as a chapel. They started a school there that was a forerunner of the College of St. Scholastica. The nuns left after outgrowing the space.
Munger's house was demolished in 1955. Its carriage house, on 5th Street, has been retained as a caretaker's house but its trim has been removed. In 1915 the townhouses were divided into apartments. In the 1970s Mesaba Avenue was widened and much of the land in front of the building lost; what is left is a lawn, and that part of 4th Avenue is now a step street. Munger Terrace was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 12, 1976. In 1978-79 the building was extensively rehabilitated by the non-profit Town View Improvement Corporation, with new windows, skylights, roof, heating, utilities, and kitchen equipment and the addition of sprinklers. It remains rental accommodation.

</doc>
<doc id="30933268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933268" title="Taken by a Stranger">
Taken by a Stranger

"Taken by a Stranger" is a song by German singer Lena Meyer-Landrut that represented Germany at the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 in Düsseldorf, earning 107 points and 10th place. It was written by Gus Seyffert, Nicole Morier and Monica Birkenes, and produced by Stefan Raab and Reinhard Schaub for Meyer-Landrut's second album "Good News".
The song was selected through televoting during Germany's Eurovision pre-selection programme "Unser Song für Deutschland" (Our Song for Germany) on 18 February 2011. It was made available for digital download the following day. The maxi-single was released on 22 February 2011.
Production and song selection.
"Taken by a Stranger" has been described as an electropop song. It was written by American songwriters Gus Seyffert and Nicole Morier, and Norwegian songwriter Monica Birkenes. Seyffert has said the song was created when he played some of his ideas for Nicole Morier on the guitar. Both worked on a basic structure and the lyrics for a few days, before sending it to Monica Birkenes in London. The final production then took Seyffert several weeks. He has commented on the song's lyrics: "We decided on a story of a stranger, who seems a little threatening, or to whom the singer might become threatening. I think it is about expressing a fantasy to be together with a stranger".
The song was one of approximately 500 titles submitted for consideration for "Unser Song für Deutschland" (Our Song for Germany), the television programme created to find Lena Meyer-Landrut's song for her attempted title defence at the Eurovision Song Contest 2011. It was selected by Meyer-Landrut and Stefan Raab as one of twelve potential Eurovision songs. In the final of "Unser Song für Deutschland" it won over the ballad "Push Forward" with 79% of the televotes.
The final version of the song was produced by Reinhard Schaub and Stefan Raab.
Release.
"Taken by a Stranger" was released for digital download on 18 February 2011, in the night after the final of "Unser Song für Deutschland". The maxi-single, which also includes the song "That Again" from Meyer-Landrut's second album "Good News", was released on 22 February 2011. The song was published through the record label USFO, a cooperation between Universal Music Germany and Raab TV/Brainpool, created one year earlier.
The song peaked at number two in the German singles chart, and reached number 32 in Austria and number 45 in Switzerland. "Taken by a Stranger" is included on Meyer-Landrut's second album "Good News", which was released on 8 February 2011.
Music video.
The music video for "Taken by a Stranger", directed by Wolf Gresenz, was filmed in Berlin. It is set in a hotel and depicts Meyer-Landrut wandering around, looking at reflections of herself in mirrors. The video captures the mysterious atmosphere of the song through dark lighting and the use of special effects, such as false reflections of her. During the second half of the video, Meyer-Landrut is also seen in a room full of mirrors dancing alongside several silver-dressed alien-like dancers. The video ends with Meyer-Landrut jumping into a mirror, which breaks and she disappears.
On 24 February 2011, the video premiered on public broadcaster Das Erste right before Germany's most watched evening news bulletin "Tagesschau". That day it was also made available on Meyer-Landrut's official website. Two versions of the video are available, the original cut which was aired by Das Erste, and a newer version released about one week later. The newer cut misses some of the scenes featuring the additional dancers, while the CGI scene of the breaking mirror at the end was improved.
Eurovision Song Contest.
"Taken by a Stranger" was Germany's entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 2011. By representing a "big five" country, it was automatically qualified for the final on 14 May 2011. Germany was drawn into position 16 out of the 25 available spots during the running order draw. The song came 10th place in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="30933277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933277" title="Mare Dibaba">
Mare Dibaba

Mare Dibaba Hurrsa (born 20 October 1989) is an Ethiopian long-distance runner who competes in road running events.
Biography.
Her first high profile outing came at the Ethiopian 20 km championships in 2007 and she took sixth place, running for Oromia Police. She made her international debut at the 2008 Udine Half Marathon and the eighteen-year-old ran a personal best of 1:10:32 hours for second place behind Anikó Kálovics. Her next run came in November at the New Delhi Half Marathon, where she finished in eighth place but slightly improved her time to 1:10:28.
Mare briefly transferred to compete for Azerbaijan in 2009, running under the name "Mare Ibrahimova", but after she was revealed to be overage for the European Athletics Junior Championships she returned to compete for her country of birth. Among her competitions representing Azerbaijan was a sixth place finish at the 2009 Delhi Half Marathon, at which she much improved her time for the distance by crossing the line in 1:08:45 (an Azerbaijani record).
Having reverted to her Ethiopian citizenship, she further established herself at the Ras Al Khaimah Half Marathon, coming in second place behind Elvan Abeylegesse. She had led the race at the 20 km mark and her time of 1:03:47 for that point was the fastest recorded by any woman in 2010, while her half marathon time of 1:07:13 was the second fastest of the year. She made her marathon debut in March with a quick 2:25:38 time for third at the Rome Marathon. She won the Rabat Half Marathon in April and made her first appearances in the United States in August, winning the Crim 10-Miler and News and Sentinel Half Marathon. She was one of the leading names at the Frankfurt Marathon but, in spite of a personal best of 2:25:27, she managed only fifth place in the quick-paced race.
Mare managed third place at the Ras Al Khaimah Half Marathon in February 2011. Although she was the pre-race favourite at the Los Angeles Marathon in March, she was defeated by both Bezunesh Deba and Amy Hastings and came third with a comparatively slow time of 2:30:25 hours. A month later she won the Yangzhou Jianzhen International Half Marathon by a margin of one minute. She was the runner-up at the Bogota Half Marathon in August. Although she was not selected for the world championships team that year, she was chosen to represent her country at the 2011 All-Africa Games, where she won the half marathon gold medal in a Games record time of 1:10:47 hours. She improved her marathon best to 2:23:25 hours at the Toronto Waterfront Marathon in October, finishing as runner-up behind Koren Yal. A sixth place finish followed at the Delhi Half Marathon.
At the 2012 Dubai Marathon she ran a personal best time of 2:19:52 hours for third place, making her the second fastest Ethiopian woman after the winner Aselefech Mergia. As a result she was selected for the marathon team at the 2012 London Olympics, but she was somewhat slower in the Olympic marathon, running a time of 2:28:48 hours and finishing 23rd. Her last performance of the year was a runner-up finish at the Philadelphia Half Marathon.

</doc>
<doc id="30933282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933282" title="2011 Volkswagen Challenger">
2011 Volkswagen Challenger

The 2011 Volkswagen Challenger was a professional tennis tournament played on carpet. It was the 18th edition of the tournament which was part of the 2011 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Wolfsburg, Germany between 21 and 27 February 2011.
ATP entrants.
Other Entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:

</doc>
<doc id="30933309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933309" title="Mollazehi">
Mollazehi

Mollazehi () is a Baloch tribe found in Hiduj and Northern Sarbaz. They are known as (Mollazadeh) in the Sarbaz County.
They are Descendants of Mir Pordel Khan, who they claim to have migrated from Mand in the Kech District of today's Balochistan province of Pakistan. They share a similar history with the Mullazai tribe.
Etymology.
Mollazahi in Balochi means Descendants of Mollas (religious men).
Origins.
Mollazehi's of Hiduj and Northern Sarbaz County are one of the 16 clans of the Rinds.
Rind clans include: Askani, Bangizai, Bugani, Dagarani, Gazakandi, Gohramzai, Kahmaki, Kolagi, Miranzai, Mollazehi, Nohani, Perozai, Shahalzai, Shahozai, Kiazai, Khaudahi or Kauda and Shelo-Mir.

</doc>
<doc id="30933320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933320" title="Howe Bridge Colliery">
Howe Bridge Colliery

Howe Bridge Colliery was a coal mine which was part of the Fletcher, Burrows and Company's collieries at Howe Bridge in 
Atherton, Greater Manchester, then in the historic county of Lancashire, England.
The Fletchers owned several small pits which eventually became the Howe Bridge Collieries. 
In 1845 Howe Bridge Collieries owned by John Fletcher sank three deep shafts to the Seven Feet mine, 
the Victoria pit where coal was wound was sunk to 447 feet, the Puffer for pumping water to 435 feet and the Volunteer, the upcast ventilation shaft. These last three pits were taken over by Manchester Collieries, became part of the National Coal Board in 1947 and closed in 1959.
After the pit closed Lancashire United Transport built a garage and bus repair works on the site.
References.
Notes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="30933333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933333" title="Chanters Colliery">
Chanters Colliery

Chanters Colliery was a coal mine which was part of the Fletcher, Burrows and Company's collieries at Hindsford in 
Atherton, Greater Manchester, then in the historic county of Lancashire, England.
Geology.
Chanters Colliery exploited the Middle Coal Measures which were laid down in the Carboniferous period and where coal is mined from more than a dozen coal seams. Chanters accessed 12 seams between the Crumbouke and Arley mines. The seams generally dip towards the south and west and are affected by small faults. The Upper Coal Measures are not worked in this part of the Manchester Coalfield.
History.
Chanters Colliery in Hindsford was sunk in 1854 by John Fletcher in an area where coal had been mined for centuries from small shallow pits. One of these pits, the "Gold Pit", so named from 17th-century coins and the plates they were stamped from found at the bottom of the shaft, was working before 1800. In 1854 John Musgrave & Sons supplied a twin cylinder horizontal winding engine, and in 1861 a single cylinder pumping engine. Steam was supplied by three Lancashire boilers and the boilerhouse had a 122 feet tall chimney.
The colliery was modernised and developed after 1891 when two shafts were sunk first to the Trencherbone mine at 1121 feet and deepened to the Arley mine at 1832 feet in 1896. These shafts accessed 12 coal seams. The boilers and winding engine were replaced in 1904.
Coal screens and a washery were built, and steel headgear and a new winding engine installed by 1904. The colliery was continually developed and modernised and lasted until 1966. In 1926 the wooden headgear of No. 2 pit was replaced by Naylors of Golborne.
The colliery's training gallery was used by recruits from most of Manchester Collieries pits and 132 Bevin boys were trained here in World War II.
References.
Notes
Footnotes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="30933345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933345" title="Peder Jørgen Cloumann">
Peder Jørgen Cloumann

Peder Jørgen Cloumann (1747 – 1817) was a Norwegian bailiff and politician. He was bailiff in Øvre Telemark from 1772 to 1811. He represented Bratsberg amt at the Norwegian Constituent Assembly at Eidsvoll in 1814.

</doc>
<doc id="30933366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933366" title="Love, Life and Feelings">
Love, Life and Feelings

Love, Life and Feelings is the twenty-first studio album from Shirley Bassey, released in 1976 on the United Artists label.
The album peaked at #13 in the UK album chart, and charted at #149 in the Billboard 200. "Love, Life and Feelings" was awarded silver record status by the British Phonographic Industry, with sales of more than 60,000 copies.
Features covers of contemporary pop songs from the late 1960s and early 1970s, such as "Alone Again (Naturally)" the 1972 UK #3 single from Gilbert O'Sullivan and "The Way I Want to Touch You" from Captain & Tennille alongside "What I Did for Love", from the musical "A Chorus Line" written by Marvin Hamlisch.
Singles released from the album include "Natali", an Italian song with lyrics by Norman Newell, which was issued with the non-album track "Runaway" ("E poi..." Andrea Lovecchio, Shel Shapiro) as the B-side, the song was recorded in Italian and English by the Italian singer Mina. This track has of 2011 not been re-issued on CD. 
"Love, Life and Feelings" was issued originally on 33.3rpm vinyl and audio cassette with a sleeve cover photography by Richard Avedon. The album was re-issued on a double CD set in 2006, by BGO Records, together with the 1974 album "Nobody Does It Like Me".
Track listing.
Side One.
Side Two.

</doc>
<doc id="30933375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933375" title="Heyer">
Heyer

Heyer is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="30933376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933376" title="Bella Heathcote">
Bella Heathcote

Isabella "Bella" Heathcote (born 27 May 1987) is an Australian actress. She is best known for playing Victoria Winters in Tim Burton's film adaptation of Dark Shadows, though Australians remember her best for her role as Amanda Fowler on the Australian television soap opera "Neighbours".
Heathcote was born in Melbourne, Australia and her father was a lawyer. She attended Korowa Anglican Girls' School. She began her career in 2008. In May 2010, she was a recipient of a Heath Ledger Scholarship.
In December 2010, Heathcote was cast in David Chase's film "Not Fade Away". In February 2011, Tim Burton selected Heathcote to play Victoria Winters and Josette du Pres in his film adaptation of "Dark Shadows", starring opposite Johnny Depp, Michelle Pfeiffer, and Helena Bonham Carter. She starred in the The Killers' music video "Shot at the Night" in 2013.
Personal life.
Heathcote is in a relationship with Australian director and screen writer Andrew Dominik.

</doc>
<doc id="30933388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933388" title="Harold Fear">
Harold Fear

Harold Percival Fear (16 April 1908 – 13 May 1943) played first-class cricket for Somerset in two matches in 1934. He was born at Finchley, Middlesex and died at Bishop's Hull, Taunton, Somerset.
Educated at Taunton School, Fear was a right-handed middle-order batsman. He made 23 in the second innings of his first match when Somerset were made to follow on by Sussex, and that was his highest first-class score. In his only other first-class appearance he made five against Lancashire in a high-scoring match.

</doc>
<doc id="30933391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933391" title="Andrew M. Davis">
Andrew M. Davis

Andrew M. Davis is a professor of Astronomy and Geophysical Sciences at the University of Chicago. He is the son of American chemist and physicist Raymond Davis, Jr., a Nobel Prize in Physics laureate. 
His main field of study is the origin of the elements by stellar nucleosynthesis. He currently is the head of a project to build a new instrument called the ion nanoprobe, which will allow isotopic and chemical analysis at finer scales than any contemporary instrument. 
He is also studying the cometary dust and contemporary interstellar dust returned to Earth by the Stardust spacecraft in 2006.
Academic Research.
He is conducting research about the isotopic compositions of refractory inclusions in meteorites to understand the earliest history of the Solar System. Short-lived chronometers such as the 26Al-26Mg system can resolve time differences of only a few tens of thousands of years for events that occurred 4.55 billion years ago. Isotopic fractionation effects and the relative abundances of trace elements are used to constrain thermal histories and redox conditions in the solar nebula and on the asteroidal parent bodies of meteorites.
Tiny (<10 µm in diameter) grains of silicon carbide, graphite, and other refractory minerals and rocks condensed around dying stars (mostly red giant stars and supernovae) survived potentially destructive processes in the interstellar medium and during solar system formation, and can now be found in meteorites. These grains preserve an isotopic record of the nucleosynthesis in individual stars. He is measuring the isotopic compositions of these grains with a new technique, resonant ionization mass spectrometry, that was developed by his collaborators at Argonne National Laboratory.

</doc>
<doc id="30933404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933404" title="Eye for Eye (1918 film)">
Eye for Eye (1918 film)

Eye for Eye is 1918 silent film directed by Albert Capellani. It was produced by Richard A. Rowland and Alla Nazimova and distributed by Metro Pictures. Nazimova is also the star in a production scripted by June Mathis. A trailer is currently held in the Library of Congress, and evidence has arisen that a copy may exist in Gosfilmofond in Russia.
Cast.
"uncredited"

</doc>
<doc id="30933408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933408" title="Charles W. Thomas (captain)">
Charles W. Thomas (captain)

Charles Ward "Tommy" Thomas was a flag officer in the United States Coast Guard and commanding officer of the icebreakers "USCGC Northland (WPG-49)" and "USCGC Eastwind (WAGB-279)" that served in the Greenland Patrol during World War II. In August 1945 he was appointed Commander, Greenland Patrol. After the war he was commanding officer of "USCGC Northwind (WAGB-282)" during Operation Highjump; The United States Navy Antarctic Developments Project 1946–1947, also known as the Fourth Byrd Antarctic Expedition.
Later followed expeditions in the Bering Sea.
In 1951, Thomas wrote about his adventures as an ice sailor in ""Ice Is Where You Find It"" 
Admiral Thomas appeared in the United States Navy documentary film "The Secret Land", produced in 1948. The film won an Academy Award in its category in 1948.
Later in his career he rose to the rank of Rear Admiral.
Personal life.
Charles Ward Thomas was born in Pasadena, California 3 September 1903; he was graduated from Fairhaven High School in Bellingham, Washington and attended Western College of Education in the same city. He served nearly two years in the Washington National Guard.
During World War II he met a young Danish nurse, Miss Anna Magnella Jensen of Ivigtût, Greenland. The couple were married and had a daughter, Trina Anne Thomas, born in April 1952, and a son, Charles Ward Thomas, Jr, who served in the United States Army.
U.S. Coast Guard Career.
He was admitted to the United States Coast Guard Academy in New London, Connecticut and appointed as a cadet in July 1922. He was graduated from the United States Coast Guard Academy on 24 October 1924 and commissioned as Ensign, United States Coast Guard. He was promoted to Lieutenant (Junior Grade) on 24 October 1926 and to Lieutenant on 24 October 1928. On 24 October 1932 he was promoted to Lieutenant Commander and to Commander on 17 July 1942. On 1 June 1943 he was promoted to Captain. In 1947, Captain Thomas led the supply and command ships of Admirable Byrd's Antarctic Expedition. He retired as Rear Admiral 1 November 1957 in Washington State.
U.S. Coast Guard Auxiliary.
As a Lieutenant Commander of the USCG Cutter Hermes, berthed in Watchorn Basin (part of Los Angeles Harbor) in 1934, Thomas met with Malcolm Stuart Boylan to discuss Boylan's request for a review of the Pacific Writers' Club fleet before a cruise to Catalina Island. In addition, Boylan presented his idea for a civilian Coast Guard Auxiliary to assist with keeping pleasure craft safe. Because Thomas could not do the review, he sent Lt. Francis C. Pollard in his place. So it was, ultimately, Pollard who helped Boylan set the idea for a Coast Guard Reserve and Auxiliary in motion after the 1934 cruise with the Pacific Writers' Club.
Death.
Admiral Thomas was killed by a speeding car as he was crossing a street while on holiday in Ushuaia, Tierra del Fuego, Argentina on 3 March 1973. Admiral Thomas was sixty-nine years old at the time of his death. News of Admiral Thomas' untimely death was announced to the fleet by ADM Chester R. Bender, Commandant of the Coast Guard shortly thereafter. The Commandant noted "with deepest sorrow" the loss of a "true friend and shipmate", an "outstanding icebreaker sailor", and a "benevolent skipper".
References.
http://www.uscg.mil/history/people/Flags/ThomasCBio.pdf

</doc>
<doc id="30933428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933428" title="Knockewart Loch">
Knockewart Loch

Knockewart Loch or Loch Jargon was situated in a hollow lying area beneath Knockewart Hill in the Parish of Ardrossan, North Ayrshire, Scotland. The old loch has become largely drained and overgrown since the late 19th century.
History.
The loch is recorded as Loch Jargon on the earlier maps after the prominent fort situated nearby. Once Knockewart Farm was established the maps use this name for it.
The Ordnance Survey Map of 1897 shows the loch as having been drained through a breaching of the natural dam bank and a significant deepening of the outflow for a distance of a hundred metres or so.
In 1858 Fullarton records that it was once a haunt of pike, however the "accumulation of vegetable matter in the bed of their domain" made it unlikely that pike could survive and that it was now an excellent site for the breeding of wild ducks. By 1876 Dobie records that the loch has nearly dried up and is little more than a swamp. In 1887 the Natural History Society of Glasgow had an excursion to West Kilbride and observed in their transactions that '"the party reached Knockewart Loch, a small sheet of water which is now almost wholly covered with a growth of surface vegetation."
The loch's drainage may have begun in the 18th century when Alexander Montgomerie, 10th Earl of Eglinton, was pursuing a number of agricultural improvements on his extensive estates and other landowners followed his example. Intensive drainage work may have taken place as part of the improvements undertaken to provide employment for Irish estate workers during the Irish potato famines of the mid 19th centuries. Many drainage schemes also date to the end of WWI when many soldiers returned en masse to civilian life.
Busbie Muir Reservoir was constructed in the glen beneath the loch, opening in 1903. The loch's outfall water still drain into it before continuing as the Rowanside Burn, joining the Stanley Burn, flowing over the aqueduct at the Parkhouse Cutting and running into the sea at Ardrossan South Beach. The reservoir is now used by the Ardrossan Eglinton Angling Club.
Prehistory.
A cairn and possible vitrified fort are located at North Hill in the Knockewart Hill (NS 2387 4806). An enclosure (NS 2356 4812) is located near rising ground that has the appearance of having once been cleared of stone and cultivated. No field plots or clearance heaps are identifiable. A well preserved fort is present at Knock Jargon, upon a rock outcrop with steep sides. Surrounding the summit are the remains of two ramparts and ditches constructed upon the slopes, best preserved on the south-side where each is broken by an entrance. Campbell records that Knockjargon is built upon a Neolithic hilltop burial cairn. Cup-and-ring marked stones are to be found at nearby Blackshaw Hill. Smith records the name 'Knock-Georgan'. A fort with a double ditch cut from rock is located near Coalhill.
Lairds.
Knook-Ewart (sic) belonged after the Battle of Largs, to the Crawfurds of Auchnames ; subsequently it came into the possession of the Mures of Caldwell. In 1713 John Simson of Kirkton-hall, parish of Kilbride, purchased the property; he was father of Dr Robert Simson, professor of mathematics in the University of Glasgow. The professor never married, and the estate was purchased from his representative, in 1787, by James Montgomerie, Esq., a magistrates of Irvine, a descendant of Adam Montgomerie of Broadstane near Beith. On his death, it was inherited by his eldest daughter, Mary, who married Captain John Brooks, of the 20th regiment, who became proprietor in right of his wife.
Cartographic evidence.
Blaeu's map of 1654, dating from Timothy Pont's survey of circa 1604, clearly shows the loch and erroneously indicates that it's outflow entered the sea near Montfode. A dwelling named 'Iargan' is recorded and a 'Knokawart'. Herman Moll's map of 1745 marks, but does not name the loch. Roy's map of 1747 shows and names 'Loch Jargen', situated without an inflow burn. Armstrong's map of 1775 does not show the loch, but Knock Jargon fort is clearly marked. William Aiton's map of 1811 shows a loch at Jargon, however the outflow runs in entirely the wrong direction. Thomson's map of 1832 marks and records Loch Jargon.
The 1854-9 Ordnance Survey map show the loch as open water with small areas of woodland above and below. In 2011 the drainage here remains inadequate and the area is dominated by marsh plants.
Etymology.
Knockjargon is a distinctive and ancient name as indicated by evidence from old maps. The word 'Jargoun' in Scots, dating from as early as 1340–70, refers to the twittering or chattering of birds. Knock is from the Gaelic, An Cnoc, refers to a small hill, and as such often fortified.
Natural History.
The old loch is a designated wildlife site, surveyed by the Scottish Wildlife Trust in 1982, with the following observations - ""The loch, which is now completely vegetated being covered in a sphagnum carpet, is extremely interesting. It supports a number of plant communities and a diversity of plant species including cotton grass, bottle sedge and various mosses, especially Polytrichum commune. The margins are dominated by sharp-flowered rush and the wetland area grades out to dry land where soft rush and grasses dominate.""
The site is well suited to birds of prey, snipe and curlew. Willow warbler, tawny owl, chaffinch have been recorded and roe deer are present, together with common lizard and frog. Botanically the site is dominated by Sphagnum mosses and heathers with the carnivorous Sundew commonly encountered. The roe deer have prevented regeneration of the ares of woodland.
Micro-history.
The fishing rights on the Rowanside and Stanley Burns were held by the Earls of Eglinton and at one time reservoirs were also present at Whitlees, Parkhouse and Millglen.
Coalhill is named from the coal that was once mined on its eastern edge.

</doc>
<doc id="30933433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933433" title="Shakespeare's Kings">
Shakespeare's Kings

"Shakespeare's Kings: the Great Plays and the History of England in the Middle Ages: 1337-1485" (2000) is a non-fiction book by John Julius Norwich. It was published by Scribner. It takes a different perspective and tone than his Byzantium trilogy, Venice or Normans histories. It is only about a third the length of the Byzantium trilogy.

</doc>
<doc id="30933454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933454" title="ColdBox Platform">
ColdBox Platform

ColdBox is an open source, conventions based web application framework intended for building enterprise applications with CFML. ColdBox uses Convention over configuration and aims for simplicity, rapid development. It makes use of Model-view-controller, Dependency injection, Unit testing, Aspect-oriented programming architectural patterns. ColdBox allows for development of stand-alone modules which can be shared across apps. ColdBox is an active and heavily documented CFML framework.
Platforms.
Coldbox is supported on both Railo (The popular open source CFML Engine) and Adobe's Coldfusion application servers.
It has supported IDE plugins for both Eclipse IDE and Sublime Text
Usage.
Below is a list of some notable users of the Coldbox Platform.
Overview.
High-level attributes of ColdBox:
Internal Frameworks.
The ColdBox Platform comprises five independent frameworks:
Controllers.
ColdBox is conventions-based framework that is programmed in CFML, differing from other CFML MVC frameworks that use XML declarative logic for their controllers.
Below is an example of a controller:
URL Mappings.
ColdBox supports URL mappings and routing Rails style but adapted for ColdFusion. It also supports the creation of RESTful routing:
RESTful URLs.
ColdBox allows for easy creation of RESTful URLs via URL mappings and extension detection. Natively ColdBox can detect any extension when supplied to an URI resource:
It allows for the detection of such extensions, security around them and the ability to customize the extensions.
Ajax support.
ColdBox supports all JavaScript frameworks that provide Ajax capabilities. It also provides an auto-marshalling function to render any object to the following formats natively: XML, WDDX, JSON, JSONP, TEXT, PDF, CUSTOM.
SOAP-Adobe Flex/Air Support.
ColdBox offers support for creating, monitoring and developing SOAP web services and Flex/Air remote components. It allows for having one development paradigm for multiple GUI interfaces.

</doc>
<doc id="30933485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933485" title="Pierre Roch Jurien de La Gravière">
Pierre Roch Jurien de La Gravière

Pierre Roch Jurien de La Gravière (5 November 1772 — 14 January 1849) was a French naval officer.
Biography.
Born at Gannat in Allier, La Gravière entered the service under the name Jurien Desvarennes as a novice pilot on the corvette "La Favorite" in May 1786.
Volunteer aspirant on the frigate "La Flore" 29 November 1787, aspirant, 1st class, and ship-of-the-line ensign on the corvette "L'Espérance" on November 1791 and January 1793, he was named ship-of-the-line lieutenant on 6 Vendémiaire, year III, and captain of a frigate on 24 Nivôse, year VI.
He participated in the Entrecasteaux expedition, which Louis XVI and the Constituent Assembly directed to search for the earlier La Pérouse expedition, as well as conduct scientific research in the Pacific Ocean.
In the year XI, he commanded "La Francise" during the Léogane Affair. In his report, the vicomte de Rochambeau, general-in-chief of the Army of Saint-Domingue, made note of him as an officer distinguished by his intelligence and bravery and demanded he receive the rank of ship-of-the-line captain, which was granted on the 13th of Ventôse.
In the year XII, he was made a French legionnaire in Pluviôse and an officer of the order on 25 Prairial. He received the latter again in February 1809. He fought in 1809 at the battle of Sables-d'Olonne, employing three frigates to force the retreat of six British ships-of-the-line.
On 5 July 1814, La Gravière was named a knight of Saint Louis.
On 13 November of that year, he was the commander of a division which went from Rochefort in order to take possession of Île Bourbon. On 10 February 1815, he reached the cape; on 6 April, he installed the new governor of the island; and on 27 August, he moored in the Roadstead of Brest.
He was promoted to counter admiral on 28 October 1817, named president of the electoral college of Finistère on 10 March 1819, made a commander of the Legion of Honour on 28 April 1821, and commanded the French Brazil station the same year.
Made a Commander of the Order of Saint Louis on 22 May 1825, he commanded the French station for the Antilles and the Gulf of Mexico. He was one of the commanders of the Baron Mackau's expedition to Haiti which forced it to provide reparations to former French slave owners from the island.
He was named on 7 January 1827 as the naval prefect of the 4th arrondissement and on 5 November as the president of the electoral college of Charente.
Vice Admiral and peer of France during the July Revolution, inspector general of the French Navy for the 2nd and 5th arrondissements in 1832, grand officer of the Legion of Honor on 22 April 1834, Grand Cross of the Order on 22 June 1841, Admiral Jurien was later made part of the 2nd section of the General Staff of the French Navy.
He was the father of another French admiral, Edmond Jurien de la Gravière.
He died in Paris on 14 January 1849.

</doc>
<doc id="30933488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933488" title="Prophets and messengers in Islam">
Prophets and messengers in Islam

Prophet ("nabi"; Arabic نبی) and messenger (or "rasul"; Arabic رسول) are two terms frequently used in Islam to describe the numerous divinely inspired men who conveyed God's message to humanity throughout history. These men include Adam and ancient patriarchs such as Noah and Abraham, as well as later figures such as Moses and Aaron, right through to the most recent prophets, namely John the Baptist, Jesus and Muhammad.
The actual differences between a prophet and an apostle/messenger has continued to rouse debate among Muslim scholars, with different people interpreting the phrases differently. The two terms are commonly used interchangeably by Muslims as well as non-Muslims. Muslims believe that over 124,000 prophets were sent to humanity and the "jinn".
General view.
In Islam a prophet ("nabi") is a free, male human, from the sons of Adam (besides Adam himself) who received revelation from Allah in the form of divine instructions. If he is commanded specifically to convey and propagate these divine instructions to specific people, then he is also called a Messenger ("rasul"), whether or not a book was revealed to him to convey, or if it abrogated previous revelation, or if it was to call people to a previously revealed book, or to also convey what was revealed to him without a book. If he is not commanded to convey any specific message, then he remains a prophet only. Thus, according to the strongest view, every messenger is a prophet, but not every prophet is a messenger.
One of the most common views held by scholars is that messengers were recipients of a scripture while prophets simply taught teachings already established through a scripture. People of this view believe that David was a messenger and a prophet, as he received the Psalms. His son Solomon was a prophet but not a messenger, as he did not receive any named scripture. This view states that the following prophets were also messengers:
In the Quran.
Although many scholars adopt classical views and interpretations, the Quran speaks of prophets and messengers as having the following characteristics:
Conclusion.
Although scholars hold different views, the most common conclusion that scholars come to, when analyzing the words purely through their occurrence in the Quran, is that "Nabi" and "Rasul" are indeed interchangeable words for each other. The only major difference is that the term "Rasul" or "messenger" is also used for angels, while "Nabi" or "prophet" is used specifically for humans. Therefore, some translators use the alternative term "apostle" when translating the word "Rasul" in the context of a human.
Prophets and messengers.
A prophet ("nabi") in Islam is a free, male, human, from the sons of Adam; who received revelation from God in the form of divine instructions; if he is commanded specifically to convey and propagate these divine instructions to specific people, then he is also called a messenger ("rasul") (not to be confused with an angel messenger), whether or not a book was revealed to him to convey, or if it abrogated previous revelation, or if it was to call people to a previously revealed book, or to also convey what was revealed to him without a book. If he is not commanded to convey any specific message, then he remains a prophet only. Thus, according to the strongest view, every messenger is a prophet, but not every prophet is a messenger.
The differing meanings for prophet and messenger stem from the difference in connotation of the two words in Arabic, and how they are used in the Quran. There are also opinions that both words have the same meaning, or that a messenger is more general than a prophet because angels have also been called messengers; however, these are not the strongest views.
The Quran may rank a messenger higher than a prophet. For example, whenever both titles appear together, messenger comes first.
Crucially, a messenger delivers a new religious law (Sharia) revealed by God, whereas a prophet continues an old one. God sends both prophets and messengers as givers of good news and as admonishers of their people. A messenger will become the witness that God will take from that community on the Day of Judgment (see the following "sura"; Yunus; An-Nahl; Al-Mu’minoon; Ghafir; An-Nisa; Al-Qasas.)
Scholars like Javed Ahmad Ghamidi and Amin Ahsan Islahi maintain that the key difference between prophets and messengers is that denial of a messenger invites punishment from God – this is termed "sunnat Allah" (one of the ways of God in the Quran). Thus, for example, denial of Noah's invitation by his people caused the flood to come upon them. This is an extension of the view above that messengers become witnesses to the delivery of the divine message to their respective nations, and their nations are judged accordingly by God.
Muslims distinguish between celestial and human messengers. In the Quranic world, the God calls the angels messengers but not prophets. Human messengers also function as prophets, although not every prophet serves as a messenger. Angels always carry orders to the human prophets or messengers on what to say, what to do, and so forth. For example, Gabriel – the angel – delivered the Quran to Muhammad, the prophet and the messenger.
Sura Al-A'nam (6:84-86) gives a comprehensive list of Israelite prophets: Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, Noah, David, Solomon, Job, Joseph, Moses, Aaron, Zechariah, John, Jesus, Elias, Ishmael, Elisha, Jonah and Lot (Samuel is called 'A prophet' elsewhere, but is unnamed).
It follows with "And among their fathers and their descendants and their brothers... Those are the ones to whom We gave the Scripture and Authority and Prophethood." Notice that their messenger-ship is not emphasized in these verses. It should also be noted that many Islamic attributions to Biblical figures, such as Shu'ayb (Jethro), Idris (Enoch) and Dhul-Qarnayn (Cyrus the Great?), are not mentioned.

</doc>
<doc id="30933489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933489" title="Talleiv Huvestad">
Talleiv Huvestad

Talleiv Huvestad (1761 – 1847) was a Norwegian teacher, farmer and politician. He was born in Skafså, Øvre Telemark. He represented Bratsberg amt at the Norwegian Constituent Assembly at Eidsvoll in 1814, along with Severin Løvenskiold and Peder Jørgen Cloumann.

</doc>
<doc id="30933499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933499" title="AvroKO">
AvroKO

Awards.
A.R.E Design Award "Grand Prize" Frye Flagship Store, SOHO 2012
HA & D Award Winner for "Best Restaurant Design" worldwide, Lily & Bloom, Hong Kong.2011
Food Arts Silver Spoon Award 2010 for Sterling Performance Spearheading a Restaurant-World Revolution
Time Out Hong Kong's "2011 Best New Restaurant" Lily and Bloom.
2004 James Beard Foundation Winner for "Outstanding Design" and "Outstanding Graphic" for PUBLIC.
Nominated for a James Beard Foundation Award for "Best New Restaurant" for PUBLIC.

</doc>
<doc id="30933500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933500" title="Philippine cable and satellite companies">
Philippine cable and satellite companies

Cable in the Philippines.
In Metro Manila, Global Cable, Destiny Cable, SkyCable, and Cablelink are the primary cable operators. SkyCable also has provincial affiliates.
Besides cable, direct-to-home satellite is offered through Dream Satellite TV, G Sat and Cignal Digital TV. 
SkyCable and Destiny Cable TV are available all throughout Metro Manila. Cablelink is only available in selected areas. There are also regional cable companies such as Cable Star Iloilo.

</doc>
<doc id="30933506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933506" title="Randall Skanchy">
Randall Skanchy

Randall M. Skanchy is a Utah Third Judicial District judge for Salt Lake County, Utah in the Salt Lake City District Court. Skanchy was first appointed in January 2001, being retained in 2010.
Biography.
Judge Skanchy took his Bachelors Degree from Weber State University and graduated in Law at Brigham Young University in 1980. His favorite hobby is fishing. He is married to Sue Skanchy and has three children. He also likes the Civil War history, keeping a book with facts about that time.
Legal activity.
Judge Skanchy was appointed to the Third District Court in January 2001 by Gov. Michael O. Leavitt. On this court, he serves Salt Lake, Summit, and Tooele counties. At the time of the appointment, he was working as an attorney at Jones, Waldo, Holbrook & McDonough law firm, in Salt Lake City. He has 21 years of experience on litigation in civil and environmental causes, both in state and federal courts of law. Prior to the court appointment, Skanchy has served as an arbitrator for the National Association of Securities Dealers and dealt with federal and state environmental superfund matters throughout the western United States.
Other activities.
From 1996 to 1999, he was the head of the Utah Food Bank, and a member of the Community Services Council from 1996 to the year 2000. Besides working as a court judge, Judge Skanchy also works as an adjunct professor for the John B. Goddard School of Business & Economics at Weber State University, in Ogden, Utah. He is a member of the Utah Judicial Council's Ethics Advisory Committee and the Executive Committee of the Utah State Bar Litigation Committee and the Board of District Court Judges.
Retention election.
In 2010, Judge Skanchy was retained with 72.55% of the votes in the counties of Salt Lake, Tooele and Summit.
Judicial activity.
Judge Skanchy acts in many areas in the Third District Court, with a special mention to the Salt Lake Drug Court, in which he handles drug possession cases as well as drug trafficking cases. In November 2010, he participated in a graduation ceremony of a program designed for people who are addicted to drugs and gives education, counseling and a new hope for those people's lives. In the ceremony, Judge Skanchy said: ""It's a battle, and it's an important battle to win. I know we're winning it not just for them but for their children, for their spouses, for their mothers and fathers."" This program was remarkable because ""at some point, really, it changes from us forcing them to want to do this to them embracing it and doing it."" He also serves as a criminal judge for the Third District.

</doc>
<doc id="30933525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933525" title="Harry's War">
Harry's War

Harry's War may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30933532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933532" title="Honcharivske">
Honcharivske

Honcharivske () is an urban-type settlement in Chernihiv Oblast of Ukraine. It's the administrative center of Chernihiv Raion. 1st Armored Brigade is stationed in the settlement.

</doc>
<doc id="30933557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933557" title="Town Center at Aurora">
Town Center at Aurora

The Town Center at Aurora (formerly known as Aurora Mall) is an enclosed, two-level regional shopping center located in Aurora, Colorado, and covers a leasable area over 1 million square feet. It lies at the center of the commercial and retail district in the area, adjacent to Aurora City Square, Aurora City Place, and Aurora Park Shopping Center, a strip mall. The commercial district itself is located in central Aurora, and the mall's primary trade area includes a mostly suburban, middle-income demographic.
Anchor stores and major tenants at the mall are Dillard's, Macy's, JCPenney, Sears and Century Theatres.
History.
Aurora Mall was developed in 1974, and was fully opened a year later in 1975. The mall is set in a typical sprawling, suburban environment, and the demographics mostly reflect that trend.
In 2003, the mall announced a major two-part renovation with a cost of approximately $100 million. The first part consisted of a remodeling of the Foley's department store, to a Dillard's that replaced the former anchor. Dillard's at Southglenn Mall closed, to move to Aurora Mall. The second part involved the rest of the mall, including the construction of a new food court, re-pavement, and other site upgrades. The renovation project was completed in 2005, and the mall reopened under its new name as Town Center at Aurora.
During the renovation project, a controversy arose regarding one of mall management's new focus on attracting a white-only clientele. A top leasing agent was recorded in a conversation with a tenant, who served food that apparently catered to an ethnic minority. The conversation seemed to provide the mall's new direction after renovations were complete: to discourage people of an ethnic minority from shopping there. City officials quickly condemned the "racist" views, and demanded an apology from Simon's management; no apology has yet been given.
In June 2005, a 19-year-old girl was killed when trying to break up a fight at the mall.
2012 shooting.
On July 20, 2012, a mass shooting occurred at the Century 16 at Town Center at Aurora, during a midnight screening of the film "The Dark Knight Rises". A gunman, dressed in tactical clothing, set off tear gas grenades and shot into the audience with multiple firearms, killing 12 people and injuring 58 others. The sole suspect is James Eagan Holmes, who was arrested outside the cinema minutes later.
Community.
Due in part to the Town Center's suburban environment and demographic, the Aurora Public Schools (APS) system and Aurora's PTO are heavily involved in the mall's events and activities.
The mall sponsors a "Cash for Class" program, which awards schools within the district based on a points system. Schools can get points for submitting report cards, attendance records, and even mall purchases. All rewards are provided directly to the schools. In 2011, Town Center at Aurora awarded a total of $13,000 to nine schools.
In 2009, APS announced a new computer system in a joint venture with the mall. Several kiosks were installed throughout the mall. The system allows parents to view grades, assignments, and other resources regarding their child's education, as well as to browse the mall's various shopping events.

</doc>
<doc id="30933570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933570" title="Eirik Glenne">
Eirik Glenne

Eirik Glenne (born 22 October 1946) is a Norwegian diplomat.
He holds the cand.oecon. degree. He was the Norwegian ambassador to Malaysia from 1988 to 1992, was a deputy under-secretary from 1993 to 1995, then special adviser from 1995 to 1999. He was the Norwegian ambassador to Sweden from 1999 to 2003 and to WTO and EFTA (in Switzerland) from 2003 to 2008. In 2000 he was decorated as a Commander of the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav.

</doc>
<doc id="30933574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933574" title="Segadores de Vida">
Segadores de Vida

Segadores de Vida is a Christian church located in Hollywood, Florida. It is one of the fastest growing churches in the US. The Pastors of the church are Ruddy and Maria Gracia. The church's weekly services are broadcast on Enlace, MegaTV and Galavision, as well as some local channels. The television program "Hechos" is viewed in Latin America, the United States and Europe.
History.
Segadores De Vida (Harvesters of Life) is a non-denominational Christian Church located in South Florida. The weekly attendance averages 8,000, including men, women, youth and children. The church was founded in April 1992, the Senior Pastors and founders are Ruddy and Maria Gracia. The Gracias attended Christ for the Nations Institute in Dallas, Texas, for their biblical studies. They have focused on an outreach to the Hispanic community in South Florida. Their efforts have been covered in Strang Communications magazine "Vida Cristiana" and the evangelical Christian periodical, "Outreach".
Pastors wife Maria Gracia, passed to be with the lord on November 16 at 11:36 am.
See also.
List of the largest churches in the USA

</doc>
<doc id="30933609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933609" title="Amalapura">
Amalapura


</doc>
<doc id="30933617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933617" title="Members of the 24th Seanad">
Members of the 24th Seanad

This is a list of the members of the 24th Seanad Éireann, the upper house of the Oireachtas (legislature) of Ireland. These Senators were elected on 27 April 2011 after postal voting closed. The Taoiseach's nominees were announced on 20 May 2011. The Seanad election took place 60 days after the 2011 general election for the Dáil. The 24th Seanad first met at Leinster House on 25 May 2011. Paddy Burke was elected as the new Cathaoirleach of the Seanad.
Composition of the 24th Seanad.
There are a total of 60 seats in the Seanad. There are 43 Senators elected by the Vocational Panels, 6 elected by the Universities and 11 are nominated by the Taoiseach.
The following table shows the composition by party when the 24th Seanad first met on 25 May 2011.
Graphical representation.
This is a graphical comparison of current party strengths in the 24th Seanad.

</doc>
<doc id="30933618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933618" title="Ammanakeri">
Ammanakeri


</doc>
<doc id="30933625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933625" title="Andralu">
Andralu


</doc>
<doc id="30933644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933644" title="American Tinnitus Association">
American Tinnitus Association

The American Tinnitus Association (ATA) exists to cure tinnitus through the development of resources that advance tinnitus research." It is the largest national nonprofit organization working to cure tinnitus. The association funds research in the hope of discovering the source of tinnitus, as well as relief options and ultimately a cure for sufferers. Starting in 1980, the association has granted funding for tinnitus research. Many of these researchers have gone on to receive larger grants from the National Institutes of Health (NIH) based on ATA-funded research. Contributions to the association also go towards advocacy work in Washington, D.C.
History.
The ATA was created as resource for the under served tinnitus community. Many tinnitus patients had been routinely disregarded by physicians who did not have the information they needed to proficiently treat and diagnose tinnitus patients.
Jack Vernon, Ph.D. joined Dr. Charles Unice to form the ATA in 1971. The two met while Dr. Vernon was conducting clinical research at the Oregon Health Sciences University in Portland, OR and began treating Dr. Unice for his tinnitus condition. With aim to raise money for tinnitus funding, the ATA was born. Portland, OR still serves as base for the organization.
The ATA started in a small studio sized office and was staffed by Portland area volunteers. Since then the ATA has become the largest group of individual contributors that awards grant money for research relating to tinnitus. Until his death in 2010, dr. Vernon was involved with the organization as an honorary board member, patient advocate, and general adviser.
Board of Directors.
The ATA's board of directors consists of a carefully chosen group of professionals. These professionals includes physicians, researchers and tinnitus advocates. All participants have been influential in creating a nonprofit organization that aims to fund tinnitus research as well as serve as a resource for tinnitus sufferers.
The Scientific Advisory Committee.
ATA's Scientific Advisory Committee (SAC), consists of scientists who are influential in the tinnitus community. The committee is in charge of choosing individuals for the grant awards. To apply for an ATA funded grant, applicants are required to show the relevance of their application to the Roadmap for a cure.
The Action Alliance.
ATA also has a network of volunteers known as the Action Alliance, who work to spread information to Congress and other administrations about issues relating to tinnitus. Their aim is to positively influence elected officials to make funding decisions and public policies that positively affect the policy making decisions relating to tinnitus.
Nonprofit status.
The ATA is a 501(c)(3) association.
See also.
Tinnitus

</doc>
<doc id="30933678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933678" title="Étienne Azéma">
Étienne Azéma

François Paul Étienne Azéma (born January 15, 1778, and died August 28, 1851 in Saint-Denis, Réunion, on the island of Réunion) was a French poet, playwright, and writer of fables. He was a magistrate, delegated to the island by the Ministre de la Marine, and as a writer was well known for his play "Médée". He was a descendant of Jean-Baptiste Azéma, a former governor of the island; he was the father of Georges Azéma, a historian, and Mazaé Azéma, a doctor. His grandson was the doctor Henri Azéma; other descendants include the poet Jean-Henri Azéma and the historian Jean-Pierre Azéma. He was made Chevalier of the Legion of Honour in 1850.

</doc>
<doc id="30933689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933689" title="Holmenkollen National Arena">
Holmenkollen National Arena

Holmenkollen National Arena () is a Nordic skiing and biathlon venue located at Holmenkollen in Oslo, Norway. It consists of the large ski jumping hill Holmenkollbakken, the normal hill Midtstubakken and a stadium for cross-country skiing and a shooting range for biathlon. Since 1892, it has hosted the annual Holmenkollen Ski Festival, which is part of the world cup tournaments in ski jumping, cross-country skiing, Nordic combined, as well as annual Biathlon World Cup races. It has previously hosted the 1952 Winter Olympics, and the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in 1930, 1966, 1982 and 2011.
Facilities.
Holmenkollbakken.
Holmenkollbakken is a large ski jumping hill with a hill size of 134 and a construction point (K-spot) of 120. It has a spectator capacity for 30,000. The current structure dates from 2010 and consists of a tall superstructure. The top of the structure is above mean sea level. It is the first hill in the world with a permanent wind screen; it is able to restrain 45 to 50 percent of the wind.
Midtstubakken.
Midtstubakken is a normal hill with a hill size of 106 and a K-point of 95. It has a capacity for 16,000 spectators and was completed in 2010.
Stadium.
Next to Holmenkollbakken is a combined cross-country skiing and biathlon stadium. There are about of tracks, which generally are wide. Intersection are grade-separated, which allows for the flow of spectators without interfering with the athletes.
Other facilities.
The area includes Holmenkollen Chapel, Holmenkollen Park Hotel Rica and the Holmenkollen Ski Museum. There are five smaller ski jumping hills, ranging form K-5 to K-58.
Transport.
Transport is based on that no spectators will use private cars to the venue. Instead, all spectators must use the Holmenkollen Line of the Oslo Metro. Holmenkollen Station is located within walking distance of the large hill and cross-country stadium, while Midtstuen Station is closest to Midtstubakken. Holmenkollen Station is the only one the line with platforms long enough for six cars, which allows a capacity of 9,000 per hour.

</doc>
<doc id="30933693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933693" title="Kesarakoni">
Kesarakoni


</doc>
<doc id="30933707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933707" title="The Port of Missing Girls">
The Port of Missing Girls

The Port of Missing Girls is a 1928 silent film directed by Irving Cummings. It stars Barbara Bedford and Hedda Hopper making it one of the rare occasions Hopper actually starred in a film. This film is preserved in the Library of Congress.

</doc>
<doc id="30933721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933721" title="Kithanur">
Kithanur


</doc>
<doc id="30933733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933733" title="Medici lions">
Medici lions

The Medici lions are a pair of marble sculptures of lions, one of which is of ancient origin, the other a 16th-century pendant; both were by 1598 placed at the Villa Medici, Rome, and since 1789 have been displayed at the Loggia dei Lanzi, Florence. The sculptures depict standing male lions with a sphere or ball under one paw, looking to the side. The Medici lions have been copied, directly or with variations, in many other locations.
History.
A pair of lions were required by Ferdinando I de' Medici, Grand Duke of Tuscany, who had acquired the Villa Medici in 1576, to serve as majestic ornaments for the villa's garden staircase, the "Loggia dei leoni". The first lion originates from a 2nd-century marble that was first mentioned in 1594, by the sculptor Flaminio Vacca, by which time it was already in the collection of Ferdinando; Vacca reported that it had been found in the via Prenestina, outside Porta San Lorenzo. According to Vacca, the lion had been a relief, which was carved free of its background and reworked by "Giovanni Sciarano" or Giovanni di Scherano Fancelli, of whom little is now known.
The second was made and signed by Vacca, also in marble, as a pendant to the ancient sculpture at a date variously reported as between 1594 and 1598 or between 1570 and 1590. The pair were in place at the Loggia dei Leoni in 1598 The pendant was made from a capital that had come from the Temple of Jupiter Optimus Maximus.
The Villa Medici was inherited by the house of Lorraine in 1737, and in 1787 the lions were moved to Florence, and since 1789 they flank the steps to the Loggia dei Lanzi at the Piazza della Signoria.
The sculptures were replaced by copies at the Villa Medici when Napoleon relocated the French Academy in Rome to the villa in 1803. These copies were made by the French sculptor Augustin Pajou.
Copies.
The original Medici lions (1598) are since 1789 standing at the Loggia dei Lanzi, Piazza della Signoria, Florence. There is smaller bronze left-looking sculpture attributed to Italian sculptor Pietro da Barga and the same period. Later copies or replicas include (ordered by first year):
Russia.
Versions in Saint Petersburg, Russia include:
References.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="30933738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933738" title="Yettinabudihal">
Yettinabudihal


</doc>
<doc id="30933745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933745" title="Larry Watson">
Larry Watson

Larry Watson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30933754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933754" title="Jean-Baptiste Azéma">
Jean-Baptiste Azéma

Jean-Baptiste Azéma was a French administrator; he served as the governor of Réunion from May 15 to October 31, 1745. His son was the writer Étienne Azéma; other descendants have included Georges Azéma, a historian; Mazaé Azéma, a doctor; Henri Azéma, a doctor; poet Jean-Henri Azéma; and historian Jean-Pierre Azéma.

</doc>
<doc id="30933760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933760" title="STARD8">
STARD8

StAR-related lipid transfer domain protein 8 (STARD8) also known as deleted in liver cancer 3 protein (DLC-3) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "STARD8" gene and is a member of the DLC family.
Structure and function.
The protein is 1103 amino acids long, which like other DLC proteins consists of a sterile alpha motif (SAM), RhoGAP and a StAR-related lipid-transfer (START) domains.
The protein is a Rho GTPase-activating protein (GAP), a type of protein that regulates members of the Rho family of GTPases. STARD8 is characterized as activating Rho GTPases. Its expression inhibits the growth of human breast and prostate cancer cells in culture.
Tissue distribution and pathology.
The protein is expressed in tissues throughout the body, but is absent or reduced in many kinds of tumor cells.
While there are no known disorders caused by STARD8, partial loss of the "STARD8" gene occurs in cases of craniofrontonasal syndrome where the EFNB1 gene (which causes the syndrome) is completely deleted.

</doc>
<doc id="30933771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933771" title="HMS Daedalus II">
HMS Daedalus II

HMS "Daedalus II" was a British Royal Navy air station and Training Establishment between 1940 and 1946. The name applied to four different locations with the United Kingdom at various times during the Second World War. The establishment was formed to free up space at RNAS Lee-on-Solent (HMS Daedalus).
The first location was former Royal Air Force (RAF) station at Lympne Airport. This RAF station was taken over by the Fleet Air Arm in July 1939 and commissioned as HMS "Buzzard" for use as a training establishment for mechanics from HMS Daedalus. It was renamed as HMS Daedalus II in January 1940 but the airfield was transferred back to the RAF in May 1940. 
As the airfield in Kent was being transferred back to the RAF an Air-sea rescue seaplane base and aircrew training centre was established at the Royal Motor Yacht Club at Sandbanks in Dorset and this base was formally commissioned as HMS "Daedalus II" on 15 May 1940. 764 & 765 Naval Air Squadrons (NAS) were based there with their Supermarine Walrus, Fairey Swordfish and Fairey Seafox aircraft. This station was also known as RNAS Sandbanks. Concurrently the training establishment formerly at Lympne was moved to Clayton Hall, Newcastle-under-Lyme as a base to train artificers but also retained the name "Daedalus II". 
In 1942 an outstation of the Sandbanks base was opened at RNAS Lawrenny Ferry in Pembrokeshire and 764 NAS was moved there as an operational conversion unit. 764 NAS remained at Lawrenny Ferry until October 1943 when the squadron was disbanded and the base reduced to care and maintenance status.
Sandbanks was also reduced to care and maintenance status in October 1943 and 765 NAS was also disbanded. The base at Sandbanks later became part of the landing craft base .
By Christmas 1943, Clayton Hall was the only remaining site of HMS "Daedalus II" and continued to train aircraft artificers throughout the war until January 1946 when HMS "Daedalus II" was decommissioned.

</doc>
<doc id="30933772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933772" title="Swimming River Reservoir">
Swimming River Reservoir

The Swimming River Reservoir is a reservoir and water treatment plant in Monmouth County, New Jersey. It is located on the border of Colts Neck and Lincroft. The Swimming River ends up in the reservoir, as well as other small tributaries. The Swimming River Reservoir is managed by New Jersey American Water Company and provides drinking water for residents of Monmouth County. The reservoir has a design peak capacity of 159 megalitres per day. All drainage from Colts Neck empties into the reservoir.
Some local roads that cross over the Swimming River Reservoir include Phalanx Road, Swimming River Road (both in Lincroft), Laird Road, and Long Bridge Road (both in Colts Neck). Brookdale Community College is located on the northern bank of the reservoir. Dorbrook Recreational Area and Thompson Park are also nearby the reservoir.
There are several types of waterfowl and mergansers in the reservoir that migrate during the winter season. Other species include Canada geese, herons, vultures, American coots, swans, and different types of fish, including white perch, yellow perch, and smelts.

</doc>
<doc id="30933779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933779" title="John Wesley Work, Jr.">
John Wesley Work, Jr.

John Wesley Work, Jr. (August 6, 1871 or 1873 - September 7, 1925) was the first African-American collector of folk songs and spirituals, and also a choral director, educationalist and songwriter. He is now sometimes known as John Wesley Work II, to distinguish him from his son, John Wesley Work III.
He was born in Nashville, Tennessee, the son of Samuella and John Wesley Work, who was director of a church choir, some of whose members were also in the original Fisk Jubilee Singers. John Wesley Work, Jr. attended Fisk University, where he organised singing groups and studied Latin and history, graduating in 1895. He then taught in Tullahoma, Tennessee, studied at Harvard University, and worked in the library at Fisk, before taking an appointment as a Latin and history instructor at Fisk in 1904. 
He married Agnes Haynes in 1899. Working with his wife and his brother, Frederick Jerome Work, he began collecting slave songs and spirituals, publishing them as "New Jubilee Songs as Sung by the Fisk Jubilee Singers" (1901) and "New Jubilee Songs and Folk Songs of the American Negro" (1907). The latter book included the first publication of "Go Tell It on the Mountain", which he may have had a hand in composing. His other songs included "Song of the Warrior", "If Only You Were Here", "Negro Lullaby", and "Negro Love Song". He also established the music publishing company, Work Brothers and Hart.
As the director of the Fisk Jubilee Singers, he was responsible for taking them on tour each year. However, because of negative feelings toward black folk music at Fisk, he was forced to resign his post there in 1923. He then served as president of Roger Williams University in Nashville, until his death in 1925. 
John and Agnes Work had six children, of whom John Wesley Work III (1901-67) also worked as the director of the Fisk Jubilee Singers and as a song collector and composer.

</doc>
<doc id="30933786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933786" title="Palladium World">
Palladium World

Palladium Square (Thai: พัลลาเดียม สแควร์) is a shopping mall currently under redevelopment in Ratchathewi district, Bangkok, Thailand. It was formerly known as "Pratunam Center".
Overview.
The complex will be the largest wholesale and retail center of the Pratunam area.
Situated on 14 rai, or 240,000 square meters. It features fashion, appliances, IT products a large supermarket, brand names shops and restaurants. It is expected to be fully opened in mid-2011 with at least 200,000 costumers a day. Great China Millennium (the operator of Bobae Mall) bought the complex in 2011. The former owners of Pratunam Center sold the complex because it was not successful.
Hotel/Office.
Meanwhile, the shopping center will feature 2 office buildings and a 4-star, 800-room hotel building including room service. The hotel will open its doors in early 2012.
Floors.
The mall is located on Phetchaburi Road, opposite of Pantip Plaza and the Platinum Fashion Mall. It is also near CentralWorld.

</doc>
<doc id="30933792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933792" title="Georges Azéma">
Georges Azéma

Georges Azéma (died May 9, 1864) was a French historian from Réunion. Son of the writer Étienne Azéma and brother to the doctor Mazaé Azéma, his son Henri was also a doctor; his grandfather Jean-Baptiste Azéma had briefly served as governor of Réunion; other relatives include the poet Jean-Henri Azéma and the historian Jean-Pierre Azéma.

</doc>
<doc id="30933795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933795" title="Kandalakshskaya Volost">
Kandalakshskaya Volost

Kandalakshskaya Volost () was an administrative division (a volost) over time included into various administrative divisions of the Grand Duchy of Moscow, Russian Empire, and the Russian SFSR.
In the 17th–18th centuries, the volost was a part of Kolsky Uyezd. In 1828, Knyazhegubskaya Volost was merged into it.
On , 1841, all volosts in the uyezds of Arkhangelsk Governorate were enlarged. In Kolsky Uyezd, only two volosts remained: Kandalakshskaya Volost, together with Keretskaya Volost, were abolished and became a part of Kovdskaya Volost. Due to the decline of the town of Kola, caused by a British ship bombardment in 1854, Kolsky Uyezd itself was abolished and its territory merged into Kemsky Uyezd on , 1858, when Tsar Alexander II approved a State Council opinion "On Changing the Governance in the Town of Kola and in Kolsky Uyezd".
In 1886, Kandalakshskaya Volost restored when it was split from Kovdskaya Volost; both volosts remained in Kemsky Uyezd.
By the Decree of the All-Russian Central Executive Committee and the Council of People's Commissars of August 4, 1920, Kandalakshskaya and Kovdskaya Volosts were transferred to the Karelian Labor Commune. However, since the volost had stronger economic ties with nearby Murmansk than with Petrozavodsk (the administrative center of the Karelian Labor Commune), on February 6, 1921 the people's assembly unanimously voted to transfer the volost to Murmansky Uyezd. The results of the vote were considered when a project of the division of the governorate into districts was developed by the Murmansk Governorate Statistics Bureau and the Economics Council of the Governorate, but the project itself was declined. The population of the volost approved the transfer of the volost to Murmansk Governorate once again during the peasant conference held on February 10, 1924, and the vote was also taken into account when a new redistricting project was submitted for consideration later that year, but that project was not approved either. More proposals were submitted in 1926, but were similarly declined.
In 1927, the Karelian ASSR (into which the Karelian Labor Commune was transformed in 1923) was divided into districts, which replaced the old volosts. Kandalakshskaya Volost was abolished by the Resolution of the All-Russian Central Executive Committee of August 29, 1927 and its territory, along with the territory of Kovdskaya Volost and with the village of Kyurela of Kestengskaya Volost formed Kandalashsky District (which remained a part of the Karelian ASSR).

</doc>
<doc id="30933796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933796" title="Sigmund Larsen">
Sigmund Larsen

Sigmud Larsen (1921 – 23 January 2007) was a Norwegian engineer, civil servant and politician for the Labour Party.
He was born in Haugesund, attended lower secondary school in Dale i Sunnfjord and then Bergen Technical School. He graduated as a civil engineer from the Norwegian Institute of Technology in 1950. He was the municipal engineer in Askøy from 1950 to 1953, engineer in Bergen municipality from 1953 to 1958 and 1960 to 1964, headmaster at Bergen Technical School from 1958 to 1960 and county engineer in the County Governor's Office of Hordaland from 1964 to 1974. From September 1974 to August 1975 he was a part of Bratteli's Second Cabinet as a State Secretary in the Ministry of Church and Education. From 1975 to 1987 he was the director-general of the Norwegian Water Resources and Electricity Agency. He was decorated as a Commander of the Order of St. Olav.
He was married, had five children and ultimately settled in Askøy. He died in January 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="30933800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933800" title="Yevhen Rudakov club">
Yevhen Rudakov club

Yevhen Rudakov club () is an unofficial list of Soviet and Ukrainian football goalkeepers that have achieved 100 or more clean sheets during their professional career in top Soviet and Ukrainian league, cup, European cups, national team and foreign league and cup. This club is named after the first Soviet (Ukrainian) goalkeeper to achieve 100 clean sheets - Yevhen Rudakov.
Which clean sheets are counted.
Traditionally, counted goals and clean sheets in the following matches:
Yevhen Rudakov Club as of June 1, 2011.
"Players still playing are shown in bold."
Candidates.
These players may become members of Oleh Blokhin club soon:
"Players still playing are shown in bold."

</doc>
<doc id="30933803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933803" title="Enej Jelenič">
Enej Jelenič

Enej Jelenič (born 11 November 1992 in Koper) is an Slovenian football striker, who is currently playing for the Italian Serie B club Padova.

</doc>
<doc id="30933804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933804" title="Jerry Schoonmaker">
Jerry Schoonmaker

Jerald Lee Schoonmaker (born December 14, 1933, at Seymour, Missouri) is a retired American professional baseball player. An outfielder, Schoonmaker was signed to a $30,000 bonus contract by the Washington Senators of Major League Baseball in after a standout career at the University of Missouri. However, his career was hampered by the Bonus Rule, which compelled him to spend his first two years as a professional on the Washington roster. Then, after his only minor league season, he sustained a career-ending eye injury in December 1958.
Schoonmaker threw and batted right-handed, stood and weighed . A three-sport (baseball, basketball and football) athlete in his hometown of Lebanon, Missouri, Schoonmaker batted close to .400 in his junior season at Missouri (when the Tigers won the NCAA Division I Baseball Championship) and captained the baseball team during his senior season. After signing with Washington, he appeared in 20 games for the Senators in 1955, batting 46 times; then, after spending 1956 serving in the U.S. military, he spent his mandatory second year, 1957, on the Senator roster, playing in 30 contests but registering only 23 at-bats.
In 1958, Washington was finally permitted to send Schoonmaker to the minor leagues for much-needed experience, but he batted only .222 in 139 games, most of them with the Charlotte Hornets of the Class A Sally League. That offseason, he underwent surgery after an errant sliver of metal injured his left eye while he was working at a construction job. His vision compromised, he retired from professional baseball at the age of 25.
All told, Schoonmaker registered nine hits in 69 MLB at bats, including one double, triple and one home run.

</doc>
<doc id="30933822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933822" title="Canyon Lullaby">
Canyon Lullaby

Canyon Lullaby is a Grammy nominated album released by Paul Winter in 1997. The album is the first Paul Winter album made up entirely of solo saxophone improvisations. It was also the first surround sound album to be recorded in the wilderness.
In 1985, Paul Winter recorded Canyon in a naturally reverberant side canyon of the Grand Canyon which he nicknamed "Bach's Canyon". The album featured the Paul Winter Consort. In 1996, he returned to the canyon to create an album of solo saxophone improvisations. The album was a musical representation of a period of 24 hours in the canyon. To help create this feeling, Winter played at all different times during the day and night.

</doc>
<doc id="30933842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933842" title="Mazaé Azéma">
Mazaé Azéma

François Jean-Pierre Henri Azéma, called Mazaé Azéma, was a French politician and doctor of Réunionnais birth. Born in Saint-Denis on July 17, 1823, he died on July 28, 1886. He was a surgeon who had studied urology.
From 1862 till 1870, He is a vice-president of the Society of the sciences and the arts of La Réunion. In 1864, he becomes member corresponding of the Society of surgery of Paris and the Society of Anthropology of Paris, and Corresponding member of the Royal Society of the arts and the sciences of the island Mauriceen on 1865. 
He served on the General Council of Réunion from 1867, and received the Légion d'honneur in 1877.

</doc>
<doc id="30933849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933849" title="Wolfgang Bernhard">
Wolfgang Bernhard

Wolfgang Bernhard (born September 3, 1960) is a member of the Board of Management of Daimler AG. He served as the former President and COO of Chrysler from 2000 to 2004.
Early life.
Bernhard was born Wolfgang Ayerle in September 3, 1960 in Böhen, Germany. He grew up as one of nine children and later took his mother's maiden name. He earned a masters degree in electrical engineering and economics from Technical University of Darmstadt in 1986, and MBA from Columbia Business School in 1988, and a doctorate in economics from Johann Wolfgang Goethe University in 1990.
Career.
After obtaining his doctorate degree, Bernhard joined McKinsey & Company in 1990 as a management consultant. In this capacity, he was assigned to Mercedes-Benz. In 1992, he joined Mercedes-Benz AG. Bernhard became CEO of Mercedes-AMG in 1999. Following the merger of Daimler-Benz and Chrysler in 1998, Bernhard was appointed President and COO of the Chrysler division in 2000. He continued in the position until he was slated to become the head of the Mercedes-Benz group in May 2004, but was passed over for the job just a day before his official switch. Bernhard subsequently resigned. Bernhard then served as the CEO of the Volkswagen brand for Volkswagen AG from 2005 to 2007. He was ousted from this position in January 2007 by Ferdinand Piech. Bernhard then rejoined Daimler in April 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="30933853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933853" title="Bombaj Štampa">
Bombaj Štampa

Bombaj štampa is the pop-rock group from Sarajevo dating from 1982, which, together with Zabranjeno Pušenje and Elvis J. Kurtovich & His Meteors, participated in creating a new movement known as New Primitivisam in Ex-Yugoslavia.
The group was founded by guitarist Nedim Babović in 1982, but initially never had a stable lineup and therefore didn't perform much. In May 1983, aspiring actor Branko Đurić who sang with SCH joined the band.
Bombaj Štampa was not active from 1992 till 2008. In December 2008, group members reunited for a concert in Sarajevo featuring original guitarist Nedim Babović and drummer Dragan Bajić along with bassist Ernie Mendillo (The Brandos). More concerts followed and an album of new material was released in the Spring of 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="30933871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933871" title="Slab Grave Culture">
Slab Grave Culture

Slab Grave Culture is a Mongolic archaeological culture of the Late Bronze Age and Early Iron Age. According to various sources, it is dated from 1,100 to 300 BCE. The Slab Grave Culture became an eastern wing of a huge nomadic Eurasian world which in the beginning of the 1st millennium BCE produced a bright civilization known as Scythian-Siberian World. The anthropological type of the population is predominantly Mongoloid, the western newcomers from the area of Tuva and north-western Mongolia were Caucasoids.
Areal.
Slab Grave cultural monuments are found in northern, central and eastern Mongolia,
Inner Mongolia, Northwest China (Xinjiang region, Qilian Mountains etc.), Manchuria, Lesser Khingan, Buryatia, southern Irkutsk Oblast and southern and central Zabaykalsky Krai. The name of the culture is derived from the main typology of the graves, its graves have rectangular fences ("chereksurs") of vertically set slabs of gneiss or granite, with stone kurgans inside the fence. Were found settlements, burial and ritual structures, rock paintings, deer stones, and other remains of that culture. 
The fate of the Slab Grave culture people is a matter of scientific debate. The most recent graves date from the 6th century BCE, and the earliest monuments of the next in time Xiongnu culture belong to the 2nd century BCE. The gap is not less than three centuries, and the monuments that would fill this chronological gap are almost unknown.
Burials.
The slab graves are both individual and collective in groups of 5-8 to large burials with up to 350 fences. Large cemeteries have a clear plan. In Aga Buryat District were found more than three thousand fences. Most of the graves are burials, some are ritual fences - cenotaphs. Graves are oriented along west-east axis. Deceased are laid on the back, with the head to the east.
The fences vary from 1.5 m to 9.6 m, a height of the slabs vary from 0,5 m to 3 m. The grave pits under stome kurgan mounds are covered with slabs that often are of considerable sizes. The depth of the burial pits vary from 0,6 m to 2,5–3 meters, in deep graves the side slabs were stacked and covered with several slab layers. In places within the fence sometimes were installed "deer stones", single slabs with images of deer, less frequently of the horses, accompanied with solar signs and armaments. 
A burial complex on the Lami mountain in the Nerchinsk area consisted of graves about 30 meters in length, divided into 4 sections. Not plundered fence was covered by several slabs each weighing up to 0,5 tons. Under cover slabs was an altar with skulls of horses, cows and sheep. Below were five burial chambers for inhumation. 
Slab grave at Baga-Zarya mountain near village Zarubino, Djida region of Buryatia 
Most of the graves were looted. The buried clothing and footwear is colorful, with various ornaments of bronze, bone and stone: plaques, buttons, necklaces, pendants, mirrors, cowrie shells. The accompanying tools are rare: Needles and needle beds, knives and axes-celts. Even less common are weapons: arrowheads, daggers, bow end caps. In some graves are horse harnesses, whip handles. There are bronze objects, fewer iron and precious metals. 
Jars are round-bottom earthenware, some tripods. Vessel ornament are impressions, rolled bands, indentations. The art of the Slab Grave Culture belongs to the "animal style" art that depicts domesticated and wild animals, daily life and main occupations. The Slab Grave Culture art has many common features with cultures of Southern Siberia: Karasuk, Tagar, and others.
Graves in E.Baikal.
Thousands of graves can now be seen in the southern Baikal area. In some cases they form a cemetery, with a clear plan and a strict order. For example, at lake Balzino about a hundred graves formed circles and rectangles. They are usually located at higher elevation, exposed to sun. Monumental burials mark greatness of the people who once lived there. They became an integral part of the E.Baikal steppes cultural and historical landscape.
Ethnic relations.
The people of Slab Grave culture were Mongols (Xiongnu, Xianbei). According to anthropologists, they are classified as the southern Siberian branch of the greater Mongolian morphology. The genesis of the anthropological type is under discussion. Presumably, its origin comes from the anthropological type of the known Neolithic population of the southern Baikal and eastern Mongolia.
References.
"Translated from http://ru.wikipedia.org/wiki/%D0%9A%D1%83%D0%BB%D1%8C%D1%82%D1%83%D1%80%D0%B0_%D0%BF%D0%BB%D0%B8%D1%82%D0%BE%D1%87%D0%BD%D1%8B%D1%85_%D0%BC%D0%BE%D0%B3%D0%B8%D0%BB"

</doc>
<doc id="30933886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933886" title="Anna Elisabeth Ljunggren">
Anna Elisabeth Ljunggren

Anna Elisabeth Ljunggren (née Storm-Mathisen) (13 September 1943 – 29 April 2010) was a Norwegian physiotherapist.
She took her physiotherapist training in 1964. She took the dr.philos. degree in 1977, as the first physiotherapist in Norway, at the University of Oslo. In 1991 she became the first assisting professor in physiotherapy in Norway, at the University of Bergen, and she was promoted to professor in 1995. She was decorated as a Knight, First Class of the Order of St. Olav in 2009. She died in April 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="30933901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933901" title="Henri Azéma">
Henri Azéma

Joseph Jean Stéphen Henri Azéma (born Saint-Denis, October 18, 1861) was a Réunionnais doctor. He was the son of historian Georges Azéma, and also served as a local councillor on Réunion. His maternal uncle was the journalist Louis Brunet.
He was a doctor of the colonial Hospital of La Réunion, the General Council and deputy mayor of Saint-Denis and was made Chevalier of the Légion d'honneur in 1905.

</doc>
<doc id="30933942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933942" title="British Journal of Medical Hypnotism">
British Journal of Medical Hypnotism

The British Journal of Medical Hypnotism was a peer-reviewed medical journal and an official journal of the British Society of Medical Hypnotists. It was established in 1949 and ceased publication in 1966. It was indexed in PubMed/MEDLINE.

</doc>
<doc id="30933943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933943" title="Aberjhani">
Aberjhani

Aberjhani is an American historian, columnist, novelist, poet, and editor. Although well known for his blog articles on literature and politics, he is perhaps best known as co-author of Encyclopedia of the Harlem Renaissance and author of "The River of Winged Dreams". The encyclopedia won a Choice Academic Title Award in 2004.
Early life and education.
Aberjhani grew up in Savannah, Georgia. Upon graduating from Savannah High School in 1975, he studied journalism, creative writing, and the American community at a variety of colleges: Savannah State College (now University); Eckerd College in St. Petersburg, Florida; Macalester College in St. Paul, Minnesota; Temple University in Philadelphia; and the New College of California in San Francisco. He completed additional studies in journalism at the Fort Benjamin Harrison School of Journalism in Indianapolis, Indiana.
Military service.
He served a two-year tour of duty with the U.S. Air Force in Fairbanks, Alaska; four years in Suffolk, England; and another two years with the USAF Reserves in Charleston, South Carolina. He studied Equal Opportunity and Human Relations Counseling at the DEOMI Institute at Tyndale AFB, Florida.
Literary career.
Aberjhani, the name he assumed for publication as an adult, continued writing while in the Air Force. He later served from 1994 until 2001 as co-editor of the "Savannah Literary Journal". During the same period he held various position with the Poetry Society of Georgia, the oldest such literary organization in the state, and became well known as both a spoken word poet and published author. His national debut came in 1997 with "ESSENCE Magazine's" publication of his cover story/essay “This Mother’s Son.” The magazine at the time commanded a circulation of 7 million readers. From 1999 to 2005 his poems appeared regularly in ESSENCE, making him one of the most well-known poets in the United States.
Fiction and poetry collections.
He has self-published works about childhood experiences in Savannah in both prose and poetry as well as been published by different small and university presses.
Online columnist.
The Digital Clarity Group’s Examiner.com, under the umbrella of the Anschutz Company and AXS Entertainment, has hosted Aberjhani’s "National African-American Art Examiner" column since July 2009. His topics have included fine art and artists’ biographies, as well as reports on contemporary politics, social network trends, and popular culture. He is noted for a series of articles on the life and death of Michael Jackson, the controversial case of Georgia death-row prisoner Troy Anthony Davis, the presidency of Barack Obama, and the United Nation’s 2011 International Year for People of African Descent. His "Notebook on Black History Month 2012" series covered historical and contemporary subjects including included Whitney Houston, Angela Davis, and Harry Belafonte.
Literary Influences.
Aberjhani has said in interviews that he has been influenced more by literary movements than by individual writers. He co-edited an encyclopedia on the Harlem Renaissance, a major 20th-century movement. But others have included Modernism in general, Surrealism, the Beats, the Black Arts Movement, Postmodernism, and Existentialism. He has also gone on record as being influenced at different periods by the following authors: James Baldwin, Albert Camus, W.E.B. Du Bois, Henry Dumas, Ralph Ellison, William Faulkner, Khalil Gibran, Langston Hughes, Zora Neale Hurston, Federico Garcia Lorca, Dambudzo Marechera, Henry Miller, Toni Morrison, Anais Nin, Jalal al-Din Rumi, Jean-Paul Sartre, Alice Walker, and Margaret Walker.
Humanitarian causes.
Aberjhani founded the online Creative Thinkers International community in September 2007 to support creative nonviolent conflict resolutions in the face of escalating warfare and terrorism following 9/11. Composed of more than 500 independent artists from around the globe, the community maintains forums on such issues as Human Liberties Around the World and the potential role of the cultural arts in helping to maintain international peace. In March 2013 he announced his support for the September 2013 Global March for Peace and Unity Event.

</doc>
<doc id="30933946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933946" title="Rejean Stringer">
Rejean Stringer

Rejean Stringer (pronounced Ray-zhawn, Stron-zhay) (born August 21, 1974) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey forward who played most of his career in the ECHL.
Early life and education.
Stringer was raised in Gravelbourg, Saskatchewan where he began playing hockey at a very young age in a backyard rink. Stringer left home in tenth grade to play for a team in a stronger league. He attended Merrimack College from 1995 to 1999. He led the team in goals scored in the 1996–97 season and led the team in overall scoring the next two years. In the 1997–98 season he also led the nation in assists. That year he scored seven points in Merrimack's upset series victory over top seed Boston University in the Hockey East playoffs. In 1999 he was named to the Hockey East All-Star team.
Professional career.
After leaving Merrimack, Stringer played for the Kentucky Thoroughblades of the AHL and the New Orleans Brass of the ECHL in the 1999–2000 season. The next year, he moved to the Fresno Falcons of the now-defunct WCHL. He then played for the Columbia Inferno of the ECHL from 2001 to 2003, making the ECHL all-star team in 2002. He then spent the 2003–04 season in playing for Salzburg in Austria. Stringer returned to ECHL for the 2004–05 season, playing for the Las Vegas Wranglers before being sent to the Peoria Rivermen due to the Wranglers' salary cap issues. The next year he briefly played for the Cardiff Devils of the EIHL before retiring from professional hockey. While in Cardiff, Stringer scored the final goal in the last game that the Devils played at Wales National Ice Rink.
He currently works as an investment advisor for RBC Dominion Securities in his hometown of Gravelbourg.

</doc>
<doc id="30933950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933950" title="Jean-Henri Azéma">
Jean-Henri Azéma

Jean-Henri Azéma, called Jean Azéma (28 December 1913 - 13 October 2000) was a French poet of Réunionnais origin. Born in Saint-Denis, he died in Buenos Aires, where he had fled after collaborating with the Nazis during World War II. His son was the historian Jean-Pierre Azéma.

</doc>
<doc id="30933985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933985" title="Jama Software">
Jama Software

Jama Software is a privately held company that was founded in 2007 and is headquartered in Portland, Oregon. The Jama Product Delivery Platform is a web-based application designed to help companies conceive, build and deliver complex products to market. Companies using Jama include SpaceX, The U.S. Department of Defense, VW, Time Warner, GE, UnitedHealthcare and Amazon.com.
Jama Software was founded in 2007 by Eric Winquist, Sean Tong, and Derwyn Harris, who wanted to help people ensure their projects would be successful. Winquist and his wife, Margo Winquist, had started a custom software development firm, Redside Solutions Inc., in 2001. Winquist got the idea for Jama while running that company. Based on his experience there, one of the critical areas within the world of project management that was a major source of frustration and failure was requirements management.
In 2007, Jama Contour was introduced to provide organizations an easier way to actively manage the thousands of requirements that live within their business-critical projects, at the same time providing the flexibility and collaboration that project teams need to be more successful.
In 2008, Jama Software beat out four other early stage companies and won a $110,000 investment prize at the Bend Venture Conference. A few weeks later Jama closed a $1 million investment from the Oregon Angel Fund.
In December 2010, ReadWriteWeb named Jama as one of the top 5 enterprise startups to watch in 2011.
Listed as #84 in 2012 and #52 in 2011 on Forbes' list of America's Most Promising Companies. 
In April 2013, Jama released the Jama Product Delivery Platform.
In May 2013, Jama was featured along with 10 other Portland based start ups in a collaboration video called "TechTown Portland" in order to attract talent.
In August 2013, Jama Software raised $13 Million in first venture capitalist round lead by investors Trinity Ventures, with participation from Madrona Ventures Group. 
Features.
Jama is build around social product development and requirements management and includes features such as

</doc>
<doc id="30933994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30933994" title="List of Scallywagga episodes">
List of Scallywagga episodes

The following is a list of episodes from the BBC Television show "Scallywagga".

</doc>
<doc id="30934001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934001" title="3 Times Square">
3 Times Square

3 Times Square, also known as the Thomson Reuters Building, is a 32 floor skyscraper in the Times Square district of Midtown Manhattan, New York City, United States. Located on 7th Avenue between 42nd Street and 43rd Street, the building was part of the large 42nd Street redevelopment project. Built in by Tishman Construction, the building serves as the headquarters of Thomson Reuters. The building is also home to the New York City offices for
BMO Capital Markets,
Bain & Company, and FTI Consulting. Large street level retailers include Quiksilver, AT&T, JP Morgan Chase Bank, Skechers, and Cafe Europa. Like most structures in Times Square, the building has numerous large electronic advertising displays across multiple facades.
The facade is composed of a stone and glass curtain walls with metal panels, which promotes natural daylighting. The building was designed to be energy efficient and does not require heating. The building is also equipped with dual gas/electric cooling systems to allow for operation based on electricity or gas rates. 

</doc>
<doc id="30934041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934041" title="List of closed seminaries in the United States">
List of closed seminaries in the United States

The following is a list of Roman Catholic seminaries which have closed in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="30934044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934044" title="Nu-En-Jin">
Nu-En-Jin

Nu-En-Jin is a 2002 album by Christian industrial band Mortal, and was recorded by the band after a six year hiatus.

</doc>
<doc id="30934060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934060" title="Binghu Cave">
Binghu Cave

Binghu Cave () is a karst cave located some from Jinhua City, Zhejiang Province, People's Republic of China.
Description.
Access to the site is via a flight of steps from the adjacent Shuanglong Cave. Together the two caves are known as the "Dragon's Ears" (龙耳/龍耳 "Lóng Ĕr"). Opened in 1991, the cave lies some above Shuanglong Cave and takes its name from its shape – that of an old fashioned jade cold water jug. It lies at an altitude of above sea level is about long. Inside the cave there is a waterfall whilst overhead there hangs a stalactite that is said to resemble Buddha's hand.

</doc>
<doc id="30934062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934062" title="Charles Poynder">
Charles Poynder

Charles Eustace Hadden Poynder (15 July 1910 – 29 August 1994) was an English cricketer. Poynder was a right-handed batsman. He was born in Barnstaple, Devon.
Poynder made his Minor Counties Championship debut for Devon in 1928 against Dorset. From 1928 to 1946, he represented the county in 46 Championship matches, the last of which came against Dorset. In 1937, Poynder made his only first-class appearance when he represented a combined Minor Counties team against the touring New Zealanders at the Rose Brothers Ground, Gainsborough. In the Minor Counties first-innings he scored 3 runs before being dismissed by Bill Carson. in their second innings he was again dismissed for 3 runs by the same bowler.
He died in Peterborough, Cambridgeshire on 29 August 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="30934086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934086" title="Valentin Ursache">
Valentin Ursache

Valentin Niculai Ursache (born Târgu Neamt, 12 August 1985) is a Romanian rugby union player. He plays as a lock.
Ursache played for Dinamo Bucharest, in Romania, currently playing for Aix-en-Provence, in the French Pro D2.
Ursache has 55 caps for Romania, since his debut at 26 June 2004, in the historical 25-24 win over Italy, in Bucharest, in a friendly game. He played twice at the 2007 Rugby World Cup, as a substitute. He was called for the 2011 Rugby World Cup, playing in three games. He has scored for his National Team 3 tries, 15 points in aggregate.

</doc>
<doc id="30934087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934087" title="Miguel Bianconi">
Miguel Bianconi

Miguel Antônio Bianconi Kohl or simply Miguel Bianconi (born May 14, 1992 in Mococa), is a Brazilian striker. He currently plays for Palmeiras.

</doc>
<doc id="30934088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934088" title="Permeable reactive barrier">
Permeable reactive barrier

A permeable reactive barrier (PRB), also referred to as a permeable reactive treatment zone (PRTZ), is a developing technology that has been recognized as being a cost-effective technology for "in situ" (at the site) groundwater remediation. PRBs are barriers which allow some—but not all—materials to pass through. One definition for PRBs is an "in situ" treatment zone that passively captures a plume of contaminants and removes or breaks down the contaminants, releasing uncontaminated water. The primary removal methods include: (1) sorption and precipitation, (2) chemical reaction, and (3) reactions involving biological mechanisms.
History.
First application.
The first field-scale application of PRBs in groundwater remediation was done in Base Borden, Ontario by Robert Gillham and Stephanie O'Hannesin of the University of Waterloo. The design, typical of many PRBs, consisted of a treatment zone formed by excavating an area isolated by sheet piles, refilling the hole with a mixture of granular iron and sand, and removing the sheet pile to leave an "in situ", permeable, iron-bearing treatment zone. The contaminants, chlorinated ethylenes (PCE and TCE), were removed, leaving, for the most part, fully dechlorinated groundwater (little vinyl chloride was observed).
The success of the field test at Base Borden eventually led to commercialization of this technology. Since then, a great deal of interest has developed in the groundwater remediation community over the prospects of new treatment strategies (especially PRBs based on contaminant reduction by granular iron and other zero valent metals (ZVMs)). There have now been many feasibility studies, pilot tests, demonstration projects, and full-scale applications performed by numerous groups.
Reactive processes.
There are a variety of ways that permeable reactive membranes can be used in order to remediate groundwater. The two main processes are immobilization (AKA sequestration) and transformation.
Immobilization.
Immobilization of the contaminant may occur through sorption to the barrier materials or precipitation from the dissolved state. Organic compounds tend to be undergo sorption due to hydrophobic expulsion from the surrounding water. Metals, however, tend to sorb through electrostatic attraction or surface complexation reactions. Sorption and precipitation are potentially reversible and may thus require removal of the reactive medium and gathered products in order to continue with remediation.
Transformation.
Transformation involves taking the contaminant and transforming it to a less harmful or non-toxic form. One of the chief benefits of transformation is that it does not necessarily require removal of the reactive medium (unless the reactive medium must be replaced due to decreased effectiveness or clogging occurs). Transformation most commonly takes the form of an irreversible redox reaction. The medium may directly supply electrons for reduction or stimulate microorganisms to facilitate electron transfer.
Reactive Materials.
In addition, there are several different materials which may be used. Here are the more prominent:
Zerovalent iron.
Zerovalent Iron was the first material to be used in PRBs for groundwater remediation. It continues to be the main material used in the construction of these barriers. In additional to conventional scale iron, nanoscale-iron may also be used.
Biological barriers.
Sometimes material will be put into the ground to stimulate the growth of microbes that facilitate the groundwater remediation. Many environmental pollutants are highly reduced, thus, the oxidation of these pollutants to harmless compounds is thermodynamically viable. Other pollutants, such as chlorinated solvents, are highly oxidized and as such are easily reduced. Microorganisms commonly facilitate such redox reactions, exploiting contaminant degradation as a means to obtain energy and materials for cell synthesis.
Oxidative biodegradation necessitates electron acceptors that microbes use to "respire" the electrons removed from target contaminants. This transfer of electrons releases energy to drive microbial life functions. Under aerobic conditions, molecular oxygen is used for this purpose. When oxygen is not present, a variety of other molecules can serve as electron acceptors. Oxygen is preferentially utilized over the anaerobic electron acceptors because using oxygen gives more energy and, as an added benefit, results in faster contaminants oxidation rates. Unfortunately, the available oxygen is often not sufficient for the contaminants in highly contaminated areas, and as a result the anaerobic electron acceptors must be utilized. Reactive barriers containing oxygen-releasing compounds have been used successfully to stimulate aerobic biodegradation of monoaromatic hydrocarbons.
Surfactant-modified zeolites.
Clays, zeolites, and other natural material have a high capacity for cation exchange. They do this by creating a net negative charge by substituting lower-valent cations (e.g. Al3+) with a higher-valent cation (e.g. Si4+) within the mineral structure. Adding sorbed surfactants can change the affinity for anions and nonpolar organic compounds. Surfactants that have accumulated at the surface will create a hydrophobic organic coating that promotes sorption of non-polar organic compounds. Surfactant Modified Zeolites (SMZs) are promising for treating non-polar organic contaminants. However, clay's low permeability means it cannot be used in flow-through PRBs, but have been proposed for use in slurry walls, landfill liners, and containment barriers. Zeolites; however, have cavities to maintain hydraulic conductivity, allowing their use in PRBs.
Peat moss.
Peat Moss has a large specific surface area (>200 m2/g) and a high porosity. Metals are taken up by peat through an ion exchange reaction where the metal displaces a proton if the pH is low or an existing metal if the pH is high from the anionic function group. Anions, such as and are removed more effectively at pH < 3 because of the positively charged surface created by the addition of protons onto the surface functional groups, whereas cations, such as , , are more effectively removed at higher pH values. Peat moss seems to be an effective ion-exchange material for removing heavy metals and some anions. Removal efficiency of cations approaches 100% at low pH, but the strong dependency on pH and the initial metal ion concentration have to be considered.
Groundwater modeling.
Modeling groundwater flow is important for optimizing the design of a PRB. Most importantly, by modeling the flow, the hydraulic capture zone width (HCZW) and the residence time can be determined. The HCZW is the width of the zone of groundwater that will pass through the reactive cell or gate (for funnel-and-gate configurations). The residence time is the time that the contaminated groundwater will spend in the treatment zone for decontamination. Contamination outside the capture zone or that does not have a long enough residence time will not be properly decontaminated. Groundwater modeling can also be used for the following:
Configuration.
Iron barriers.
The accompanying figure shows two approaches to application of iron particles for groundwater remediation: Fig. A, a conventional PRB made with mm-sized granular iron and Fig. B, a "reactive treatment zone" formed by sequential injection of nano-sized iron to form overlapping zones of particles absorbed by the grains of native aquifer material. In A, groundwater flows through the barrier and is remediated. In B, nanoparticles of iron are represented by black dots; the nanoparticles have little mobility in the porous medium. Note that reaction will only occur when contaminants, either dissolved in the groundwater or as DNAPL, come into contact with the iron surfaces.
Funnel and gate.
Funnel and gate systems are used to channel the contaminant plume into a gate which contains the reactive material. The funnels are non-permeable, and the simplest design consists of a single gate with walls extending from both sides. The main advantage of the funnel and gate system is that a smaller reactive region can be used for treating the plume, resulting in a lower cost. In addition, if the reactive media needs to be replaced, it is much easier to do so because of the small gate.
Implementation.
PRBs are typically installed by digging a long trench in the path of the flow of the contaminated groundwater. The trench is then filled with the reactive materials (typically iron, carbon, or limestone). Sand can be mixed with the reactive material to aid in allowing the water to flow through the materials. Sometimes, there will be a wall that directs the groundwater to the reactive parts of the barrier. After the trench has been filled with reactive material, soil will typically be used to cover the PRB, thus eliminating visibility from the surface.
Sheet pile and excavation.
Sheet pile and excavation were used for the installation of earlier PRBs. This method involves containing the area of excavation using sheet piles before excavating using a trackhoe. This method may be slow (and therefore expensive) and is only viable for plumes less than 35 feet deep.
Continuous trencher.
Continuous trenching involves using a large cutting chain excavator system then using the trench box and hopper to continuously back-fill the trench with reactive media. Continuous trenching can be fast and thus, inexpensive, but can only be used for trenches less than 50 feet deep. In addition, the machinery used for this technique cannot be used effectively for soil with large cobbles.
Mendrel emplacement.
Mendrel technology involves vertically driving a long hollow beam deep into the ground. The beam is covered as it is driven in, and the cover is removed once the beam has been placed. Next, the hollow is filled with iron filings. The Mendrel is then vibrated as it is removed, allowing the iron to flow to the bottom, forming the PRB. The Mendrel is then moved one width over, the process is repeated, and a continuous PRB is made.
Hydraulic fracture.
This methods utilizes injected fine-grained iron into fractures below the surface that were created using controlled applications of high pressure. Jets of water scour out a zone that is then filled with guar gum and iron. The guar gum holds the iron in place before degrading, leaving a permeable zone of iron (the PRB).
Deep soil mixing.
Deep soil mixing adds iron to the native soil and mixing it with large augers. This process creates a series of columnar treatment zones that form a PRB when lined up. This method can treat plumes to a depth of 100 feet, but the treatment zone is relatively low in the proportion of iron.
Performance assessment.
The key component for assessing the success of a PRB is whether it satisfactorily removes the contaminants. This can be done by monitoring the levels in the water immediately downstream of the PRB. If the levels are below maximum contaminant levels, then the PRB has performed its function.
Failure.
In analyzing PRBs, emphasis has been placed on losses of reactivity and permeability in the reactive well; however, flawed hydraulic characterization of the few PRB failures that have been reported. Oxidation-reduction potential, influent and influent concentrations of [alkalinity, , and Cl- are the strongest predictors of possible diminished performance of PRBs. The reactivity of the media, rather than a reduction in permeability is more likely the factor that limits field PRB longevity. Because this technology is relatively new, it is still hard to predict the longevity of sites. Depending on assumptions of controlling factors, longevity estimates can differ by an order of magnitude (e.g. 10–100 years).
Case studies.
Sunnyvale, CA.
The first field-scale implementation of PRB was in Sunnyvale, California, at the site of a previously operating semi-conductor plant. At the time, the best available remediation technology was pump and treat technology. PRBs presented a more cost-effective solution to the problem at hand, being able to passively remediate the groundwater. Granular metal was chosen as the reactive media after laboratory testing using contaminated water from the site. After installation contaminants were reduced to target levels. As a result, the pump and treat machinery was able to be removed and the above ground was free to be used for commercial purposes. The savings from using the PRB as opposed to pump and treat were able to pay for the installation in about three years.
Elizabeth City, NC.
In 1996 a 46 m long, 7.3 m deep, .6 m thick PRB was installed at a Coast Guard Facility near Elizabeth City, NC. The goal of this PRB was to remediate a contaminant plume of trichloroethylene (TCE) and hexavalent chromium (Cr (VI)). The PRB took only 6 hours to install using a continuous trenching technique, which simultaneously removed the pre-existing sediment while installing the reactive medium (granular iron). The PRB was configured as a continuous wall as opposed to a funnel-and-gate setup because 3D computer simulations suggested that the two would have the same effectiveness, but cost analyses showed that the continuous setup would be cheaper to install. The total cost of installation was approximately $1 million, while the U.S. Coast Guard predicts that over 20 years $4 million will be saved compared to a pump-and-treat system.
Moffett Field, CA.
Moffett Field, CA was home to a pilot scale PRB initiated by the U.S. Navy in 1995. The Moffett Field PRB used a funnel and gate design, with the funnel being composed of interlocking steel sheet piles, while the gate consisted of granular zero-valent iron. The primary contaminants were trichloroethene (TCE), cis-1,2 dichloroethene (cDCE), and perchloroethene (PCE). Data from quarterly monitoring, tracer testing, and iron cell coring have been used to determine the effectiveness of the site. Since the first sampling event in June 1996, concentrations of all chlorinated compounds have been reduced to either non-detect levels or below the maximum contaminant levels.
Fry Canyon, UT.
The Fry Canyon site was selected in 1996 as a field demonstration site to assess the removal capabilities of PRBs for uranium. Laboratory experiments were conducted on three potential PRB materials (phosphate, zero-valent iron, and ferric iron) to determine uranium removal efficiencies and hydrologic properties. A PRB material from each class was selected for demonstration. The selected materials had satisfactory hydraulic conductivity, high U removal efficiency, and high compaction strengths. A funnel and gate design was used. The funnels channeled the groundwater into the PRB gates. During the first year, zero-valent iron had lowered U concentration by more than 99.9%, while the amount removed in both the phosphate and the ferric iron exceeded 70% for most of the measurements made. Mechanisms for removing uranium are similar to those for removing other inorganic contaminants, meaning that this study has wide applicability.
Status of the technology.
In 1994, analysts estimated that in the U.S. total cleanup costs of groundwater totaled between $500 billion and $1 trillion. Until about 2000, the majority of groundwater remediation was done using "conventional technologies" (e.g., pump-and-treat systems), which have proven costly to meet applicable cleanup standards. In the last few years, research on PRBs has increased because of the reduced water and energy demands and the potential to be more economical than conventional methods. While the reactivity of common PRB materials with chlorinated compounds has long been recognized, "in situ" applications were not considered until recently.
External links.
Additional information on this topic may be found at the following sites:
There are also a variety of companies available for implementing this technology. Here are just a few of them:

</doc>
<doc id="30934114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934114" title="FC Dustlik">
FC Dustlik

FC Dustlik () was Uzbekistani football club based in Yangibazar, collective farm Dustlik, about 20 km from Tashkent, Tashkent Province. The club is twice champion of Uzbekistan: 1999 and 2000.
History.
The old name of club was "Politotdel" (Yangibazar).

</doc>
<doc id="30934117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934117" title="2011 Skate Canada International">
2011 Skate Canada International

The 2011 Skate Canada International was an ISU Grand Prix of Figure Skating competition in the 2011–2012 season. Organized by Skate Canada, it was the second of six events in the 2011–2012 ISU Grand Prix, a series of senior-level international invitational competitions.
The event was held at the Hershey Centre in Mississauga, Ontario on October 27–30, 2011. Medals were awarded in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies' singles, pair skating, and ice dancing. Skaters also earned points toward qualifying for the Grand Prix Final.
Eligibility.
Skaters who reached the age of 14 by July 1, 2011 were eligible to compete on the senior Grand Prix circuit.
In July 2011, minimum score requirements were added to the Grand Prix series and were set at two-thirds of the top scores at the 2011 World Championships. Prior to competing in a Grand Prix event, skaters were required to earn the following:
Entries.
The entries were as follows. Nathalie Péchalat and Fabian Bourzat withdrew on October 26 due to Bourzat's bronchitis.
Schedule.
All times are Eastern Daylight Time (UTC/GMT -04:00):

</doc>
<doc id="30934119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934119" title="Manuel Personè">
Manuel Personè

Manuel Personè (born May 17, 1992 in Milan) is an Italian forward, currently on the books of Albinoleffe. 
Apps on Italian Series.
Coppa Italia : 2 app
Total : 2 app

</doc>
<doc id="30934144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934144" title="The Voice Project">
The Voice Project

The Voice Project is a 501(c)(3) non-profit advocacy group focused on promoting freedom of artistic expression as an agent of social change. The project was founded in 2009 as a response to the Lord's Resistance Army Insurgency in Northern Uganda, but has since expanded programs into Sudan, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Central African Republic, Russia, China, Afghanistan, and the United States.
Major Campaigns.
Amplify Peace.
Founded in 2009, The Voice Project was inspired by women's groups in Northern Uganda who have used songs passed by word of mouth and on the radio to let children and soldiers who have been abducted and forced to fight in Joseph Kony’s Lord's Resistance Army (LRA) know that they are forgiven for the atrocities they were forced to commit and are welcome home. The project was started by Hunter Heaney who in the fall of 2008 was volunteering at an IDP (Internally Displaced Persons) camp in Agoro, a small village in northern Uganda's war-torn Kitgum District when he first heard the "dwog paco" ("come home") songs. Upon returning to the United States, Heaney and friends Anna Gabriel (daughter of Peter Gabriel) and Chris Holmes (Ashtar Command) co-founded the organization, enlisting friends and musicians from around the world and having them pass participation from one to another by word of mouth and through music by covering another artist’s song in “cover chains.” According to Rolling Stone “To bring awareness to the problems of LRA violence plaguing Northern Uganda, Southern Sudan, Eastern Congo and Central African Republic, the Voice Project has recruited a number of artists to play a game of musical tag.” Each performance is video recorded and shown on The Voice Project’s website as well as distributed through social media platforms such as Facebook and Twitter. Participants have included indie rock acts such as Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros, Andrew Bird, Dawes, and Joe Purdy as well as international recording artists such as Peter Gabriel, Billy Bragg, Mike Mills (R.E.M.), Angélique Kidjo and former child soldier Emmanuel Jal.
In 2012 it was reported that The Voice Project had been working with the United Nations to build FM radio stations, produce music content, and record family members and ex-combatants in their native Luo Language encouraging LRA escapes and defections and encouraging former combatants to return home, and that between 2010 and 2012 more than 100 soldiers had escaped or defected from the LRA with many returnees claiming that the radio broadcasts were the main factor in their decision to do so. 
Participating musicians.
• Akello Miriam
• Andrew Bird
• Angélique Kidjo
• Babaluku (Bataka Squad)
• Bajah + Dry Eye Crew
• Bedouin Soundclash
• Billy Bragg
• Brett Dennen
• Chloe Chaidez (Kitten)
• Dawes
• Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros
• Emmanuel Jal
• Garrison Starr
• Gary Go
• Greg Laswell
• Har Mar Superstar (Sean Na Na)
• Joan Wasser (Joan As Police Woman)
• JBM
• Jesca Hoop
• Joe Purdy
• Joey Ryan
• John McCauley (Deer Tick)
• Joseph Arthur
• Kenneth Pattengale
• Koji
• Maria Taylor (Azure Ray)
• Matt Vasquez (Delta Spirit)
• Mike Mills (R.E.M.)
• Naked Hearts
• O+S
• Parts & Labor
• Peter Gabriel
• Priscilla Ahn
• SoKo
• Steel Train
• The Black Swan Effect
• The Gulu Widows Choir
• The Moor
• The Shivers
• The Submarines
• Tom Freund
Pussy Riot Support Fund.
From 2012 to 2014, The Voice Project managed the International Support Fund for Nadezhda Tolokonnikova and Maria Alyokhina of Pussy Riot during their imprisonment in a Mordovian corrective labor colony, which supported the women's legal expenses, nourishment, and child care, in addition to the repeated monitoring of their prison conditions by Russian lawyers. As of January 1, 2014, The Voice Project reported that the fund had raised over USD$120,000 in support of Tolokonnikova and Alyokhina, the majority of which (USD$94,000) went to support efforts such as hiring local monitoring attorneys, food, clothing and supplies for the women and care for their children via their families, with the rest supporting other Pussy Riot members (USD$16,000) and legal defense efforts ($10,000). 
In 2014, though the support fund itself had closed with the release of Tolokonnikova and Alyokhina, The Voice Project continued in its work with the women in their work promoting human rights, notably through a role in the scheduling of their first visit to the United States in February, 2014, and the arrangement of the New York human rights gala which marked it. 
Solidarity Wisconsin.
Beginning with the 2011 Wisconsin protests over collective bargaining rights, the Solidarity Sing Along has been a continued gathering in the Wisconsin State Capitol building and grounds for three years, with the first . In December 2011, the state government began requiring permits for demonstrations by groups of four or more in the State Capitol, and began arresting, issuing tickets to, and prosecuting protestors, including the Solidarity Singers. In March 2014, Isthmus, through its "Daily Page" website, reported on The Voice Project's "Solidarity Wisonsin" campaign in support of the Solidarity Singers, calling for the dismissal of the charges brought against the singers, raising the topic on social media, and petitioning Attorney General J. B. Van Hollen to stop the continued prosecution of the singers. 
A video produced by The Voice Project in 2014 brought increased attention to the cases outside Wisconsin, much of which resulted from the declaration of solidarity from Pussy Riot members Nadezhda Tolokonnikova and Maria Alyokhina, who had previously worked with The Voice Project, with the demonstrations in the capitol. The Capitol Times newspaper, based in Madison, reported on The Voice Project's activism in advocating for demonstration rights in Wisconsin, framed through the context of more familiar human rights abuses in Russia and elsewhere. As of March 19, 2014, Dane County Judge John Markson has dismissed 29 tickets based on his ruling in "State of Wisconsin v. Michael W. Crute", No. 13FO2108 (1st Cir. Feb. 5, 2014), which found that the permit law was against the State Constitution but the Department of Justice has issued an appeal. The Voice Project has continued to advocate for the free expression and assembly of the protestors who continue in the Solidarity Sing Along.
Cecily McMillan.
In 2014, The Voice Project spearheaded a letter-writing campaign in support of Occupy Wall Street activist Cecily McMillan, who was tried and subsequently convicted of assault on a plainclothes police officer, which she claimed was in self-defense from sexual assault. A majority of the jurors who convicted McMillan argued that she should not receive a prison sentence, as she faced a potential seven-year sentence. In response to McMillan's harsh potential sentence, The Voice Project conducted a campaign, encouraging supporters to write letters petitioning for leniency to Judge Ronald Zweibel, who was overseeing the trial. The campaign collected letters from the general public, as well as numerous artists including Shepard Fairey, Kim Gordon, Spike Jonze, JD Samson, Lauren Mayberry, Justin Vivian Bond, and Nadezhda Tolokonnikova. 
Partnerships.
TEDx Kabul: Ariana Delawari.
In 2012, The Voice Project worked in partnership with Los Angeles-born Afghan-American filmmaker and musician Ariana Delawari in Kabul, sponsoring her appearance at the 2012 TEDx Kabul conference and her appearance at the Sound Central music festival, the first of its kind in post-Communist Afghanistan, as such performances were outlawed under the Taliban and other Afghan regimes. Delawari began working with The Voice Project when she traveled to Uganda in order to aid with documenting and filming the Amplify Peace campaign, and it is in Uganda that The Voice Project began to support her work in Afghanistan. The main goal shared by The Voice Project, Delawari, and the Sound Central and TEDx Kabul programs has been the creation of a safe and flourishing environment for expression and the arts in Central Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="30934151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934151" title="Cornelius C. Smith">
Cornelius C. Smith

Colonel Cornelius Cole Smith (April 7, 1869 – January 10, 1936) was an American officer in the U.S. Army who served with the 6th U.S. Cavalry during the Sioux Wars. On January 1, 1891, he and four other cavalry troopers successfully defended a U.S. Army supply train from a force of 300 Sioux warriors at the White River in South Dakota, for which he received the Medal of Honor. He was the last man to receive the award in battle against the Sioux, and in a major Indian war.
In his later career, Smith served as an officer during the Spanish-American War and the subsequent Philippine Insurrection under Generals Leonard Wood and John J. Pershing. In 1910, he was appointed by Pershing as commander of the Philippine Constabulary and served at Fort Huachuca as commanding officer of Troop G, 5th U.S. Cavalry from 1912 to 1914. It was in this capacity that he accepted the surrender of Colonel Emilio Kosterlitzky, commander of Mexican federal forces at Sonora, on March 13, 1913. In 1918, he was appointed commander of Huachuca and the 10th U.S. Cavalry. Prior to his retirement, he also oversaw the construction of Camp Owen Beirne, adjacent to Fort Bliss, which served as the model for similar camps built following the end of World War I.
Smith's son, Cornelius Cole Smith, Jr., who also served as a colonel in the Philippines during World War II, was a successful author, historian and illustrator who wrote several books on the Southwestern United States including his biography entitled "Don't Settle for Second: Life and Times of Cornelius C. Smith" (1977).
Biography.
Early life.
Cornelius Cole Smith was born on April 7, 1869, in the frontier town of Tucson in the Arizona Territory. A member of a distinguished military family dating back to the Revolutionary War, his father, Gilbert Cole Smith, had served an officer in the Union Army's famed California Column during the American Civil War and later became quartermaster at Fort Lowell in Tucson. He was also related to brothers William and Granville H. Oury. His family lived at several outposts in the Arizona and New Mexico Territories, wherever his father happened to be stationed, until December 1882 when they finally settled at Vancouver Barracks in the Washington Territory. Smith was then sent back east to Louisiana, Missouri, and later to Baltimore, Maryland in 1884. Four years later, Smith moved to Helena, Montana where he joined the Montana National Guard on May 22, 1889. 
At age 21, Smith followed in his father's footsteps by enlisting in the United States Army in Helena, Montana on April 9, 1890, and was immediately sent out with 6th U.S. Cavalry Regiment for frontier duty in the Dakota Territory.
Battle at White River.
Within a year, Smith reached the rank of corporal and saw his first action during the Pine Ridge Campaign. On January 1, 1891, two days after the Battle at Wounded Knee Creek, he accompanied a fifty-three man escort of a U.S. Army supply train to the regiment's camp at the battle site. While preparing to cross the White River, partially ice-covered during the winter, the supply train was suddenly attacked by a group of approximately 300 Sioux braves. In an attempt to save the wagon train, he and Sergeant Frederick Myers chose advanced positions from a knoll 300 yards from the river and held back the initial Sioux assault with four other troopers successfully defended their position against repeated enemy attacks. After they had withdrawn, Smith and the others chased after the war party for a considerable distance before breaking off their pursuit.
Smith's actions at White River prevented the Sioux from capturing the supply wagons and he was cited for distinguished bravery in the face of a numerically superior enemy force. For his actions he received the Medal of Honor on February 4, 1891.
Service in Cuba and the Philippines.
The following year, on November 19, 1892, Smith was made a commissioned officer as a second lieutenant with the 2nd U.S. Cavalry. He later fought in Cuba during the Spanish-American War and in the Philippines during the Filipino and Moro Rebellions under Generals Leonard Wood and John J. Pershing respectively. An captain with the 14th U.S. Cavalry, he served in Mindanao under General Wood from 1903 to 1906, during which time he helped publish "A Grammar of the Maguindanao Tongue According to the Manner of Speaking It in the Interior and on the South Coast of the Island of Mindanao" (1906) with Spanish Jesuit Rev. Father Jacinto Juanmart, before accepting a two-year position as superintendent of California's Sequoia and Grant National Parks in 1908. He returned to the Philippine Islands in 1910 where he was appointed commander of the Philippine Constabulary by General Pershing.
Fort Huachuca and World War I.
After a nine-year tour of duty in the Philippines, Smith was brought back to the U.S. in 1912 and transferred to the 4th U.S. Cavalry Regiment at Fort Huachuca, in his home state of Arizona, that fall. He remained at Huachuca when the 4th U.S. Cavalry was sent for rotation to Hawaii and was reassigned to the 5th U.S. Cavalry serving as commanding officer of the 5th U.S. Cavalry's Troop G from December 1912 to December 1914. It was while with the 5th Cavalry that, on March 13, 1913, he formally accepted the surrender of Colonel Emilio Kosterlitzky, commander of Mexican federal forces of Sonora, and his 209 followers in Nogales, Arizona following his defeat by General Álvaro Obregón days earlier. The surrender was conducted in a formal ceremony, with Kosterlitzky presenting Smith his sword, and the two officers later became lifelong friends.
A military attaché in Bogota and Caracas for a time during 1915, he rose through the ranks from major to colonel of cavalry within the next two years. Smith trained several regiments during World War I but was denied further promotion and a field command in the Europe due to the feud between General Pershing, then commander-in-chief of the American Expeditionary Forces on the Western Front, and Army Chief-of-Staff Peyton March. In 1918, he returned to Fort Huachuca where he assumed command of the post and the 10th U.S. Cavalry Regiment. His last assignment was at Fort Bliss where he had Camp Owen Beirne built, the model for similar bases constructed for servicemen following World War I, before his retirement in 1920 at the rank of colonel.
Retirement and later years.
Smith taught military science and tactics at the University of Arizona after leaving the U.S. Army and was later hired as a technical advisor for war films in Hollywood. In 1928, he became a member of the American Electoral Committee which oversaw the presidential elections in Nicaragua. That same year, he was also a contributing editor for Alice Baldwin's biography on her late husband Major General Frank Baldwin, "Memoirs of the late Frank D. Baldwin, Major General, U.S.A.", in which Smith related his experiences with Baldwin during the Spanish-American War. He went on to become a prolific author of articles relating to the American frontier in the Southwestern United States. Smith died in Riverside, California on January 10, 1936, at the age of 66. He is buried at Evergreen Memorial Park and Mausoleum, along with 1,000 other veterans.
Grave site restoration.
In November 2003, a special ceremony was held at Smith's grave site to display a new 18-foot-tall flagpole and stone bench nearby. Smith's son, Cornelius Cole Smith, Jr., was in attendance. Initially started by 16-year-old Michael Emett for an Eagle Scout project, this was the first of a planned restoration campaign for the graves of Riverside's military veterans and town founders. The story was covered by "The Press-Enterprise" and encouraged community leaders to raise money for an endowment to provide for the upkeep of older rundown areas of the cemetery that are not watered or maintained. A few years before, the California Department of Consumer Affairs ordered that sprinklers in the historic section be shut off because it lacked an endowment to pay for the water.
Medal of Honor citation.
Rank and organization: Corporal, Company K, 6th U.S. Cavalry. Place and date: Near White River, S. Dak., 1 January 1891. Entered service at: Helena, Mont. Birth: Tucson, Ariz. Date of issue: 4 February 1891.
Citation:
With 4 men of his troop drove off a superior force of the enemy and held his position against their repeated efforts to recapture it, and subsequently pursued them a great distance.

</doc>
<doc id="30934165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934165" title="List of Estonian historians">
List of Estonian historians

A list of notable historians from Estonia:
A.
Karin Aasma
- Andres Adamson
- Johannes Adamson
- Toomas Alatalu
- Linda Alekõrs
- Tiit Aleksejev
- Kaur Alttoa
- Andres Andresen
- Sirje Annist
- Amar Annus
- Jüri Ant
- Küllo Arjakas
- Heino Arumäe
B.
Veiko Berendsen
- Boris Bernstein
- Jürgen Beyer
- Evald Blumfeldt
- Karsten Brüggemann
D.
Kaupo Deemant
- Urmas Dresen
E.
Peeter Espak
F.
Otto Freymuth
G.
Mati Graf
- Heino Gustavson
H.
Enn Haabsaar
- Arvi Haak
- Haljand Hallismaa
- Vaike Hang
- Ants Hein
- Vello Helk
- Mart Helme
- Martin Helme
- Peeter Helme
- Rein Helme
- Sirje Helme
- Toomas Hiio
- August Wilhelm Hupel
I.
Voldemar Ilja
- Magnus Ilmjärv
- Richard Indreko
J.
Kaido Jaanson
- Ea Jansen
- Väino-Rahuleid Järv
- Peeter Järvelaid
- Paul Johansen
- Indrek Jürjo
- Merike Jürjo
K.
Juhan Kahk
- Kulno Kala
- Tiina Kala
- Linda Kaljundi
- Mart Kalm
- Aldo Kals
- Eero Kangor
- Toomas Karjahärm
- Sten Karling
- Andres Kasekamp
- Kadi Kass
- Priit Kelder
- Margus Kiis
- Mauri Kiudsoo
- Jüri Kivimäe
- Sirje Kivimäe
- Tor Helge Kjellin
- Urmas Klaas
- Olaf-Mihkel Klaassen
- Richard Kleis
- Krista Kodres
- Kalev Koger
- Jakob Koit
- Mait Kõiv
- Voldemar Kõiv
- Linda Kongo
- Kurmo Konsa
- Johan Kõpp
- Kaarel Kotsar
- Juhan Kreem
- Tiina-Mall Kreem
- Aivar Kriiska
- Hans Kruus
- Tarmo Kulmar
- Enn Küng
- Jüri Kuuskemaa
L.
- Eduard Laaman
- Mart Laar
- Evald Laasi
- Eerik Laid
- Janet Laidla
- Margus Laidre
- Leo Laks
- Valter Lang
- Endel Laul
- Mati Laur
- Georg Leets
- Kalju Leib
- Ivar Leimus
- Juhan Libe
- Herbert Ligi
- Priit Ligi
- Tõnis Liibek
- Allan Liim
- Otto Liiv
- Anu Liivak
- Olev Liivik
- Jüri Linnus
- Aleksander Loit
- Leida Loone
- Nigolas Loone
- Vello Lõugas
- Tõnis Lukas
- Kersti Lust
M.
Viktor Maamägi
- Vahur Made
- Ain Mäesalu
- Marika Mägi
- Juhan Maidlo
- Juhan Maiste
- Linnart Mäll
- Mati Mandel
- Rein Marandi
- Lemmit Mark
- Kersti Markus
- Friedrich Fromhold Martens
- Vello Mäss
- Eero Medijainen
- Olaf Mertelsmann
- Jüri Metssalu
- Voldemar Miller
- Harri Moora
- Hilda Moosberg
- Heinrich von zur Mühlen
- Aadu Must
N.
Gottlieb Ney
- Tiit Noormets
- Mart Nutt
O.
Leo Õispuu
- Hans Oldekop
- Sulev Oll
- Mati Õun
P.
Indrek Paavle
- Ago Pajur
- Hillar Palamets
- Heldur Palli
- Elo-Mirjam Peil
- Üllar Peterson
- Eva Piirimäe
- Helmut Piirimäe
- Kaarel Piirimäe
- Pärtel Piirimäe
- Aivar Põldvee
- Inna Põltsam-Jürjo
- Raimo Pullat
R.
Jaroslav Raid
- Katri Raik
- Carl Rathlef
- Priit Raudkivi
- Toivo Ülo Raun
- Hugo Rebane
- Hain Rebas
- Villem Reiman
- Lydia Roots
- Tiit Rosenberg
- Reigo Rosenthal
- Carl Friedrich Wilhelm Russwurm
- Ants Ruusmann
- Rein Ruutsoo
S.
Riho Saard
- Osvald Saadre
- Joosep Saat
- Marta Schmiedehelm
- Edgar Valter Saks
- Malle Salupere
- Ott Sandrak
- Vladimir Sazonov
- Anti Selart
- Helena Sepp
- Hendrik Sepp
- Marten Seppel
- Vasso Silla
- Väino Sirk
- Arnold Soom
- Sergei Stadnikov
- Leonid Stolovich
T.
Egle Tamm
- Jaan Tamm
- Marek Tamm
- Erki Tammiksaar
- Sirje Tamul
- Märt Tänava
- Hain Tankler
- Tõnu-Andrus Tannberg
- Ülle Tarkiainen
- Enn Tarvel
- Peeter Tarvel
- Inge Teder
- Erik Tender
- Simmu Tiik
- Evald Tõnisson
- Toivo Toomemets
- Juhan Tork
- August Traat
- Armin Tuulse
- Andres Tvauri
U.
Helmi Üprus
- Märt Uustalu
V.
Voldemar Vaga
- Aigar Vahemetsa
- Lauri Vahtre
- Sulev Vahtre
- Heiki Valk
- Marika Valk
- Pille Valk
- Juhan Vasar
- Artur Vassar
- Valdeko Vende
- Ants Viires
- Arthur Võõbus
- David Vseviov
W.
Hannes Walter
- Anton Weiss-Wendt
- Philipp Willigerod
- August Winkelmann
Z.
Rein Zobel

</doc>
<doc id="30934184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934184" title="Enhanced Combat Helmet">
Enhanced Combat Helmet

Enhanced Combat Helmet may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30934191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934191" title="Webber Independent School">
Webber Independent School

The Webber Independent School (formerly Bury Lawn School) is a coeducational independent school in Milton Keynes. The school teaches children from the age of 3 through to 18. 
As an independent school The Webber Independent School charges fees for attendance, ranging between seven and ten thousand pounds per annum (depending on the child's age). Scholarships and bursaries are also offered.
History.
The school opened in Newport Pagnell in 1970 before moving in 1987 to its current purpose built site in Stantonbury in the north of Milton Keynes. In 2010 current and former pupils produced an exhibition chronicling the history of the schooland the former Knoll School (1892-1974). The Knoll School buildings at Aspley Guise were home to the Bury Lawn senior school between 1977-1987. Bury Lawn was renamed the Webber Independent School in September 2011 in honour of the urban designer and 'father of the city' of Milton Keynes Melvin M. Webber.
House System.
The school operates a house system throughout the year groups, with the junior and senior portions of the school competing separately. The houses are as follows: 
Children are variously awarded merit points for good behavior or achievement.

</doc>
<doc id="30934230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934230" title="Lucía Pérez">
Lucía Pérez

Lucía Pérez Vizcaíno (born July 5, 1985, in O Incio, Lugo, Galicia ) is a Spanish singer who represented her country in the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 in Germany with the song "Que me quiten lo bailao".
Career.
In 2002, at 17, Lucía Pérez won the talent show for amateur singers "Canteira de Cantareiros", on the regional Galician television (TVG). A year later she published her first album, "Amores y amores", which was awarded the Galician "Gold Record" certification for its sales.
In 2005, she received the "Galician Soloist Pop Album" award. Later that year, she represented Spain in the Viña del Mar International Song Festival in Chile and she placed second in the international competition with the song "Qué haría contigo". Also in 2005, her song "Amarás Miña Terra" was nominated for "Best Song in Galician" at the Spanish Music Awards.
In 2008, her third album, "Volar por los tejados" was released both in Spain and Chile, where she toured extensively. In 2009, she took part in the Viña del Mar Festival for a second time.
In 2010, she released her fourth album, "Dígocho en galego" which is entirely in Galician language. 
In 2011, Lucía took part in the Spanish selection process for the Eurovision Song Contest 2011, "Destino Eurovisión", and on 18 February, she won the final with the song "Que me quiten lo bailao".
In March 2011, following her election as the Spanish Eurovision entrant, Lucía was signed to Warner Music to release her fifth album, "Cruzo los dedos", in April 2011.
At the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 final that took place in Düsseldorf, Germany on May 14, she placed 23rd. However, she was 16th in the separate televoting result.
On 22 June 2014, she will release her sixth studio album, "Quitapenas".

</doc>
<doc id="30934241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934241" title="Mattia Valoti">
Mattia Valoti

Mattia Valoti (born 6 September 1993) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Prima Divisione club Albinoleffe, on loan from Milan.
Club career.
Early career.
Valoti was born in Vicenza on 6 September 1993, the son of former footballer Aladino Valoti, who played for several Serie A and Serie B teams during the late 1980s and 1990s and is currently the director of football at Albinoleffe.
Mattia started playing football at the age of 5 in the youth team of Lucchese, the club where his father was playing at the time. Over the next eight years, Mattia played for several clubs, namely Cosenza, Palermo, Crotone, Martina Franca and Dalmine Futura, as a result of his father's transfers.
Albinoleffe.
In 2006, Valoti settled at Albinoleffe, spending five seasons in the club's youth system. He went on to make his professional debut, aged 17, coming on as a substitute in a Coppa Italia game against Crotone, on 27 October 2010. Three days later, he also made his Serie B debut, again coming off the bench in a match against Novara.
During the January 2011 transfer window, Serie A club Milan signed Valoti to a co-ownership deal, for €800,000, though they allowed Albinoleffe to keep him on loan for the remainder of the season.
Milan.
At the beginning of the 2011–12 campaign, the co-ownership deal was renewed and Valoti joined Milan, taking part in the pre-season trainings and friendlies with the first team. However, he did not make any official appearance during his first season with the "Rossoneri" and instead he played mainly with the Primavera (under-20) team. For the 2012–13 season, the co-ownership was extended again. However, Valoti still made no appearances for the first team (instead featuring as an overage player for the Primavera team, which is now an under-19 team) and during the January transfer window he was loaned out to his former club Albinoleffe.
Statistics.
"As of 24 January 2013".
1European competitions include the UEFA Champions League.
2Other tournaments include the Supercoppa Italiana and Serie B relegation play–offs.

</doc>
<doc id="30934242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934242" title="El Paseo (film)">
El Paseo (film)

El Paseo is a 2010 Colombian comedy film directed by Harold Trompetero and starring Antonio Sanint and Carolina Gómez. The official Colombian release was on December 25, 2010.
Plot.
The film is about a family on vacation.
After 11 years of continuous work, Alex Peinado decides to spend a well earned holiday with his family. He goes on a road trip towards Cartagena, with his wife, his mother in law, his two teenage children and his dog Kaiser. But the journey is not his only motivation, as Alex hides a plan that requires them to reach their destination on time. On the way the road trip will become the most incredible adventure, which puts at risk their arrival to the Colombian coast. 
Cast.
Antonio Sanint as Alex Peinado
Carolina Gómez as Hortensia de Peinado
María Margarita Giraldo as Carmelita
Adelaida López as Milena Peinado
Miguel Canal as Octavio Peinado
Jack Villalobos as Káiser
Luis Fernando Múnera as Dr. Benítez
Álvaro Rodríguez as a Transit Police
Carlos Serrato as Cabeza Rapada chief
Reception.
Box office.
With 127,460 spectators during the weekend of release, the Colombian film "El Paseo" leads box office in Colombia.
Critical.
The film received positive reviews from critics and received more than 1 million viewers in less than 5 weeks in theaters.

</doc>
<doc id="30934260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934260" title="Huainan Sports Stadium">
Huainan Sports Stadium

Huainan Sports Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Huainan, China. It is currently used mostly for football matches. The stadium holds 52,080 spectators. It opened in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="30934288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934288" title="The Lady in Ermine">
The Lady in Ermine

The Lady in Ermine (1927) is a silent film romance/drama directed by James Flood and produced by and starring Corinne Griffith, and distributed by First National Pictures. The film is now considered a lost film.
Play.
The operetta "The Lady in Ermine", upon which this film and later films are based, opened on Broadway October 2, 1922 and ran for 238 performances closing on April 21, 1923. It originally played at the Ambassador Theatre and then at the Century Theatre. The famous Shubert Brothers produced the operetta/play.
Remakes.
The story was remade as an early talkie musical in Technicolor, "Bride of the Regiment" (1930), also released by First National and also considered a lost film.
It was remade again in 1948 by 20th Century-Fox as "That Lady in Ermine", starring Betty Grable and Douglas Fairbanks, Jr.

</doc>
<doc id="30934299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934299" title="1997 World Championships in Athletics – Women's 800 metres">
1997 World Championships in Athletics – Women's 800 metres

These are the results of the Women's 800 metres event at the 1997 World Championships in Athletics in Athens, Greece.
Results.
Heats.
First 2 of each Heat (Q) and the next 6 fastest (q) qualified for the semifinals.
Semifinals.
First 4 of each Semifinal qualified directly (Q) for the final.

</doc>
<doc id="30934302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934302" title="Jiangxi Olympic Sports Center">
Jiangxi Olympic Sports Center

Jiangxi Olympic Sports Center is a multi-purpose stadium in Nanchang, China. It is currently used mostly for football matches. The stadium holds 61,500 spectators. It opened in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="30934330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934330" title="Huizhou Olympic Stadium">
Huizhou Olympic Stadium

Huizhou Olympic Stadium () is a multi-purpose stadium in Huizhou City, Guangdong Province, China, that opened in 2010.
The stadium holds 40,000 spectators. It is currently used mostly for football matches. It served as the home stadium for Shenzhen Ruby of the Chinese Super League in the 2011 league season. It also served as the home stadium for the Guangdong football team in the 2012, 2013 and 2014 Guangdong–Hong Kong Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="30934351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934351" title="Ordos Stadium">
Ordos Stadium

Ordos Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Ordos, China. It is currently used mostly for football matches. The stadium holds 35,107 spectators. It opened in 2011. It hosted the 2012 Miss World Pageant, on August 18, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="30934356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934356" title="Megan Sneddon">
Megan Sneddon

Megan Sneddon (born 9 September 1985) is a Scottish female footballer who plays for Rangers Ladies in the Scottish Women's Premier League. Sneddon made her senior Scotland debut aged 16 and has since amassed over 100 appearances for the national team.
Club career.
In February 2011, Sneddon was called into Scotland's Cyprus Cup squad, listed as a Liverpool Ladies player. She had decided to leave Glasgow City after growing dissatisfied with the club. Sneddon made her debut for the FA WSL club in a friendly win over Hibernian Ladies.
However, on the eve of the English season Sneddon signed for Celtic Ladies. She cited personal reasons and the advice of Scotland coach Anna Signeul for the decision.
Sneddon signed for Rangers Ladies in January 2013.
International career.
Sneddon was picked for the Scotland U23 women's squad to play at the Nordic Tournament in August 2008. Sneddon captained the team at the tournament.
Sneddon made her senior debut the day before her 17th birthday, in an 8–2 defeat to the United States in Columbus, Ohio.
In December 2011 Sneddon was one of four Celtic women's team players to be approached about playing for Team GB at the 2012 Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30934376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934376" title="Quanzhou Sports Center">
Quanzhou Sports Center

Straits Sports Centre Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Quanzhou, China. It is currently used mostly for football matches. The stadium holds 34,000 spectators. It opened in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="30934382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934382" title="Two Monkeys and a Panda">
Two Monkeys and a Panda

"Two Monkeys and a Panda" is the 17th episode of the second season of the American comedy television series "Modern Family "and the 41st episode overall. It was originally aired on March 2, 2011. The episode was written by Carol Leifer and directed by Beth McCarthy-Miller.
Nolan Gould does not appear in the episode.
Plot.
Claire (Julie Bowen) runs herself ragged trying to fix the relationship between Haley (Sarah Hyland) and Alex (Ariel Winter), after Haley tries to keep Alex from wearing one of her sweaters, and therefore has no time for or interest in Phil's (Ty Burrell) plan to use a gift certificate for a spa before its next-day expiration. Alex accidentally tears the sweater on a loose door-frame nail, so Claire is left to drive to numerous clothing stores and find a replacement.
In the meantime, Phil enjoys facial and pedicure treatments while having a nice chat with the local housewives. However, his ideas for helping Claire annoy both her and his fellow spa-goers, and they tell him that Claire doesn't need even careful, reasonable advice of the brand Phil produces when she's in crisis mode; she needs him to be empathetic towards her. When the matching sweater Claire tracked down turns out to have a stray anti-shoplifting diepack, Haley and Alex renew their row and Claire is devastated. Phil is non-specifically kind to her and Claire looks very relieved and happy by her husband's support.
Meanwhile, Gloria (Sofía Vergara) is horrified by Jay's (Ed O'Neill) morbid plans to purchase two side-by-side crypts in preparation of their death. Amongst other things, it's a reminder that Jay is much older than she, and when they visit the mausoleum neither of them are happy when a creepy older couple who also have co-crypts want to chat up their "future neighbors". When Jay has a talk with Manny (Rico Rodriguez) about how much their lives changed upon meeting him, he changes his mind on the crypts and has a few plan: he'll be cremated and have his ashes put in a can that will sit on the house mantle forever, thus thwarting some "future putz" who would be interested in newly widowed Gloria.
Cameron (Eric Stonestreet) decides he wants to write a book that celebrates the fact that Lily is adopted, but soon learns something new about Lily's last name. Specifically, she has Mitchell's (Jesse Tyler Ferguson) last name as her last name and Cameron's last name as her middle name. Cam is angry about this until Mitchell admits he was worried about them staying together, and apologizes with promises to give their daughter a hyphenated name of co-equals. Mitchell does admit that their house is in his name alone, as well.
Production.
"Two Monkeys and a Panda" was written by a freelance writer, Carol Leifer who had previously written for "Seinfeld". The episode was also directed by Beth McCarthy-Miller, her first credit for the series as well. The episode was filmed on December 13, and December 14, 2010. Miller was originally slated to direct an episode that would be filmed in October, but had to choose a later episode in order to direct the "30 Rock" episode, "Live Show".
Reception.
Ratings.
In its original American broadcast, "Two Monkeys and a Panda" was viewed by an estimated 10.110 million households and received a 4.1 rating/11% share among adults between the ages of 18 and 49. This means that it was seen by 4.1% of all 18- to 49-year-olds, and 11% of all 18- to 49-year-olds watching television at the time of the broadcast. This made it the season's lowest-rated episode, tying with "Regrets Only". "Two Monkeys and a Panda" was the third most-watched scripted show for the week of broadcast among adults aged 18–49, and the twenty-third most-watched show among all viewers.
Reviews.
"Two Monkeys and a Panda" received positive reviews from critics with many comparing it, positively, to the first season.
"TV Squad" writer Joel Keller praised the episode's emotional side comparing it to the first season of the series writing that the second season "had been lacking a little bit" of this. Keller also praised the performance of Jesse Tyler Ferguson and Eric Stonestreet calling their storyline "real, dramatic, and a little raw, especially for this show.".
Rachael Maddux of "New York" said that despite the episode's lack of humor, "we got back in some much-needed fleshing out of important relationships.".
Todd VanDerWerff from "The A.V. Club "gave an A- rate to the episode and he named it "the best episode the show has produced in 2011, so far".
Matt Richenthal from "TV Fanatic" rated the episode with 4.6/5 saying that "Two Monkeys and a Panda" might have been his favorite episode of the season. "Thanks to a focus on serious issues, Modern Family rebounded from a couple subpar episodes with what may have been my favorite of the season."

</doc>
<doc id="30934383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934383" title="Syracuse Rapid Transit Railway">
Syracuse Rapid Transit Railway

The Syracuse Rapid Transit Railway, an interurban rail, was chartered on May 21, 1896. The company was a consolidation of the Syracuse Street Railroad Company, the Syracuse Consolidated Street Railway Company and the People's Railroad Company which was formerly leased to the Syracuse Street Railroad Company. 
The company was consolidated with the New York State Railways, affiliated with New York Central Railroad in 1912.
History.
After the consolidation was complete on September 1, 1896, the work of building the railroad for larger Syracuse was begun. The common center was completed October 4, 1896, and put into use nine days later. On April 1, 1897, the transfer system went into operation, while the fender was adopted on April 15, 1898. William Kimball took control of the road on April 7, 1898. 
Rails weighing from 91 to 140 pounds to the yard replaced lighter rails weighing 30 to 45 pounds. The large double-track cars were replaced with small single-track cars with from 100 to 200 percent greater seating space in each car. Approximately of new tracks were laid bringing the total to .
During 1897, the company leased the Syracuse and East Side Railway for 22 years and guaranteed five percent interest on the bonds and five percent dividends on the preferred stock of the Syracuse and East Side Railway Company. By 1899, the properties had been thoroughly rebuilt and new equipment and apparatus was added. 
Labor problems.
The company ran into many labor problems in 1898. On August 5, 1898, a strike of conductors and motormen was ordered and the cars were "peaceably run to the barn and all the roads tied up." After two days, the strike was settled after the State Board of Arbitration was called to Syracuse and accessions were made to the employees. Once again, on November 19 and December 4 of 1898, there was still dissatisfaction among the men and another strike was ordered; however, only 20 men responded to the call. This prompted the company for the organization of a "mutal benefit association" among the employees and as a result club rooms were built above the company offices in the Gridley Building.
Transfer rules.
New transfer rules went into effect on February 28, 1899, and on March 14 that year, William P. Gannon was named as president of the company. The day following the election of company officers, Syracuse Mayor James Kennedy McGuire demanded the abolition of transfer rules. This led to "exciting discussions" about people's rights and railroad rights. 
On April 21, 1899, North Side citizens "with a grievance," took the law into their own hands and tore up the tracks in Butternut Street. The Rapid Transit Company "enjoined the city and citizens, while citizens in turn enjoined the operation of cars in Butternut Street" and this incident proved "but one of the passing storms of railroad extension."
Expansion.
In 1898, the Grace Street line was extended up Dudley Street to West Onondaga Street and from there to the city line. The route was opened for business on February, 12, 1899.
In 1905, the Crouse Avenue line was rebuilt and extended to the grounds of Syracuse University. The company was able to "make use" of an old terminal once used by a horse car line, which had been abandoned for the Marshall Street addition which extended past the Hospital of the Good Shepherd.
During 1906, the Bellevue Avenue extension was built and connected with the South Avenue and Elmwood line at Bellevue Avenue, turing in Summitt to Stolp and on to the city line. That same year, the company began using Niagara electric power which was implemented on July 2, 1906, to the city line. 
Work was started in August 1907, on extension of Park line from Butternut Street through Park, Pond and Spring Streets on the city's Northside. South Salina Street between the city line and the Seneca Turnpike was doubletracked, and the Park Street line was constructed and opened on December 2, 1907.
Financial.
In 1899, capital stock or common stock authorized and issued totaled $2,750,000 and preferred stock was valued at $1,250,000. Funded debt in the form of a first mortgage with five percent gold bonds, authorized, was valued at $3,250,000 dated on March 1, 1896, and due in 1946 to the Guaranty Trust Company of New York City.
A second mortgage of $750,000 dated on July 1, 1898, was due in 1928 to Merchants National Bank of Syracuse, New York. 
By June 30, 1897, total passengers carried on the line numbered 8,524,996 and a year later, in 1898, the number had risen to 9,220,110. Net income in 1897 was $45,515 and $32,542 in 1898 and earnings from operation increased from $178,076 to $208,298 during that same period. Total debt outstanding at the end of 1898 was $7,588,556.
The company earned $1,260,854 compared to $1,100,000 in 1906. They carried 24,953,406 passengers and 6,380,792 transfers. The rail employed an average of 650 employees and had 179 passenger cars, 12 work cars and 13 snow plows.
People's railroad.
At the time of the consolidation in 1896, the People's Railroad Company had a first mortgage of $750,000 dated January 1, 1891, and due in 1921. The whole of the first mortgage bonds were held in escrow to retire the bond issue. 
Company management.
By 1899, officers of the company were William P. Gannon, president, of Syracuse, New York; E. W. Moore, vice-president, of Cleveland, Ohio; Thomas H. Conderman, secretary and treasurer, of Philadelphia; Gen. Man. C. Loomis Allen, auditor; A. S. Palfray, superintendent of transportation; J. R. Carrier, superintendent; and H. Greer, Jr., engineer.
Directors were W. P. Gannon, H. D. Coffinberry, L. K. McClymonds, E. W. Moore, Theodore H. Conderman, W. R. Kimball, H. R. Newcomb, W. D. Walker and F. W. Gridley. General officers were located in Syracuse, New York.
In 1908, the company headquarters were located at 300 Gridley Building. Horace E. Andrews was president, C. Loomis Allen was vice-president and general manager, T. H. Conderman was secretary treasurer, John E. Duffy was superintendent and Joseph M. Joel was auditor.
Operations.
In 1899, total distance covered by the rail was horse drawn, and was powered by electricity. The company owned a total of 20 horses, two horse cars, 125 motor cars and 20 trail cars. The equipment consisted of Allis and Cleveland engines, General Electric and Walker dynamos and motors, Brill, Gilbert, Barney & Smith cars and Brill trucks.
By 1903, the road had of track, 158 cars and 500 employees. The extension created the need for an additional car barn in Cortland Avenue which was begun in 1904 and completed in February 1905.
In June 1910, the company ordered 25 , semi-convertible cars from the G. C. Kuhlman Car Company. The cars were equipped each with four 50-horsepower General Electric motors.
East Side Traction company.
On June 1, 1899, the company leased the properties of the East Side Traction Company for the term of 99 years at a rental of $12,500 per year. The property had been thoroughly rebuilt and new equipment added. The company also owned the stock of the East Side Traction Company. A controlling interest in the stock of this company had been acquired by the Mohawk Valley Company, which was owned jointly by the New York Central and Hudson Railroad Company and the Andrews-Stanley Syndicate.
Iron pier.
The "Iron Pier" was named by Charles Demong who sold the People's Railroad including land and then went to New York City and took measurements for the original pier while there. The Syracuse "Iron Pier" had no iron in the construction and resembled the New York pier only in dimensions and general appearance. Both piers were built wide. The Syracuse structure was long and the one in New York City was .
The pier was built in the days when pleasure seekers took a boat at the Salina pier to go "across the lake." At that time, Demong was proprietor of the "Franklin House" and ran a line of steamboats. During those years business was thriving.
The People's Railroad Company let the contract to A. J. Hallock of Liverpool and it was "extensively advertised." The first year the railway company conducted it but did not make any money. The next year, "Harlan & Rollins", the theatrical men, leased the place and "broke" in the middle of the year. The third year, Charles Demong ran the place on a percentage and the following year leased it outright. "It is said that the pier never paid, but that the steamboat end of it did."
In 1899, the Syracuse Rapid Transit Railway Company attempted to infuse new life into the pier and band concerts were held every night, "fireworks and other specialties being tried." It was of no avail, "the people would not go there."
An area of land next to the park was designated as Iron Pier Park and was often listed in various publications as an entertainment venue. In 1906, Tom McAvoy was the manager and Doyle Bros. were the proprietors.
Just as things began to look prosperous, the Syracuse, Lakeside and Baldwinsville Railway was built and people began to go "across the lake" by trolley. The Delaware, Lackawanna and Western Railroad also began to run cars to the resorts, and the boat business fell off rapidly. Demong held on to the pier until 1906, when the "place was closed for good."
After 19 years of existence, the "Iron Pier" was torn down in March 1907. Superintendent, J. E. Duffy had advertised for proposals for removing the building. The contractor who performed the job kept the lumber contained in the structure and "was all the company had to show for the building" which was erected at a cost of $45,000 in the late 1880s when labor and materials were much "cheaper than they are today."
The company had not decided what to do with the site. It was thought that the barge canal would some day make the land more valuable than it was in 1907.
New York State railways.
Syracuse Rapid Transit Railway was consolidated with the New York State Railways, affiliated with New York Central Railroad in 1912.

</doc>
<doc id="30934389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934389" title="Nantong Stadium">
Nantong Stadium

Nantong Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Nantong, China. It is currently used mostly for football matches. The stadium holds 32,244 spectators. It opened in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="30934403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934403" title="Chespirito (TV series)">
Chespirito (TV series)

Chespirito, also known as Los Supergenios de la Mesa Cuadrada from 1968–1970 and Chespirito y la Mesa Cuadrada from 1970-1971 is a sketch comedy show that was aired in Mexico in two periods, 1968–1973 and 1980-1995. The program aired various sketches of characters created by Roberto Gómez Bolaños, alongside Bolaños, other famous Mexican actors starred in the sketches. In the two periods, characters like "El Chavo del Ocho", "El Chapulín Colorado", Los Caquitos, Dr. Chapatín, Los Chifladitos, El Ciudadano Gómez, La Chicharra, Chespirito (character), Los Chiripiojos and the parodies of Chaplin and Laurel and Hardy starred in sketches of 2–15 minutes of duration, the 1980-1995 period also featured special episodes of 40 minutes of duration.
The show's first seasons featured a canned laugh track, but Bolaños made the then-controversial decision to drop it. Most presentations of the show include the announcer's warning that, out of respect for the audience's intelligence, there was no laugh track.
History.
First period (1968-1973).
In 1968, Roberto Gómez Bolaños starred in a space (created by himself), named "Los Supergenios de la Mesa Cuadrada", in the program "Sábados de la Fortuna" of the Televisión Independiente de México, the Channel 8 (which later became the Galavisión). In this space, Chespirito starred in sketches about "letters" send by the audience of the show, alongside him, Ramón Valdés, Rubén Aguirre and María Antonieta de las Nieves also starred in the sketches, not only about the "letters", but the sketches were also starred by the characters created by Bolaños. "Los Supergenios" was presented by the Dr. Chespirito Chapatín (Bolaños), El Ingeniebrio Ramón Valdés Tirado Alanis (Valdés), El Profesor Rubén Aguire Jirafales (Aguirre) and La Mococha Pechocha, or, La Marioneta (Ma. Antonieta) in a square table were they read the letters and comment about them, sometimes, the letters were answered by sketches, for example, in a sketch, a viewer of the show asked what to do when a crazed put a giant rock in the door of his house, then, a sketch starred by María Antonieta de las Nieves, Rubén Aguirre and Ramón Valdes show the solution to this problem.
In 1970, Carlos Villagrán and Florinda Meza were introduced to the show, starring as secondary characters in the sketches. In the same year, Bolaños created the successful sketches of El Chapulín Colorado and Los Caquitos. In 1971, the sketches of the show were "El Chapulín Colorado", "Dr. Chapatín", "Los Caquitos", "Chespirito" and "Los Chifladitos".
In 1972, Rubén Aguirre left the show to lead the show "El Club de Shory" in a rival network, "El Shory" is a nickname of Aguirre. Then, Bolaños immediately created his most successful character, El Chavo del Ocho, to cover the space left by the sketch "Los Chifladitos", sketch starred by Bolaños and Aguirre.
In early 1973, the show was almost made of "El Chavo" and "El Chapulín", then, Bolaños decided to end the "Chespirito" show to star the half-hour weekly series of "El Chavo" and "El Chapulín Colorado", Aguirre returned to the show in the last episodes.
Second period (1980-1995).
After the end of the half-hour series of El Chavo del Ocho and El Chapulín Colorado in 1979, as well as the flop of "La Chicharra", Bolaños decided to return the successful sketch comedy format of "Los Supergenios" in 1980 with the second version of the "Chespirito" show. The show featured the famous characters of Chespirito in a 60-minute show, "El Chavo", "El Chapulín", "Chómpiras" (a reboot of Los Caquitos), "Los Chifladitos", "Vicente Chambón" (reboot of La Chicharra), and the late introduction of "Don Calavera" in 1994, alongside the remake of "El Ciudadano Gómez", the parodies of Chaplin and Laurel and Hardy were also introduced in 1980.
Ramón Valdés returned to the show in 1981, playing only Don Ramón in "El Chavo" and Super Sam and the villains in "El Chapulín", Valdés also acted in other sketches with secondary characters (with exception of "Vicente Chambón" and "Laurel and Hardy"), Valdés left the show in early 1982 under unknown reasons (some rumors say that was because of his illness. In 1981, Benny Ibarra starred in some sketches as secondary character.
In 1982, Benny Ibarra returns playing a secondary character in the sketch "Los Piratas" of "El Chapulín" and "Sr. Hurtado" in "El Chavo". Raul "Chato" Padilla returns to the show after to substitute Valdés. The character "Jaimito, el cartero", of "El Chavo", becomes "Señor Jaimito" and starts living in the vecindad, his character gets all the characteristics of Don Ramón, this change was heavily criticized by the fans.
In 1984, Roberto Gómez Fernández, Bolaños' son, becomes another member of the cast.
In 1986, Roberto Gómez Fernández and his uncle, Horacio Gómez Bolaños became directors of the show. Horacio now starred only as Godínez in "El Chavo", as well as secondary characters in other sketches.
In 1987, various invited actors played secondary characters in sketches of the show, also, "El Chavo" and "El Chapulín" become less important to the show, the same happen to the other characters, with Bolaños giving attention to the sketch "Chómpiras", the sketch virtually become a half-hour series inside the show.
On August 9, 1988, Ramón Valdés died of stomach cancer, after a long agony in the hospital. Bolaños was the only friend of Valdés who didn't attend the funeral, Carlos Villagrán, Edgar Vivar, Rubén Aguirre and Angelines Fernández were some of his friends of "El Chavo" that appeared in the funeral. María Antonieta de las Nieves become very worried of not knowing of his condition in his last moments of life.
In 1991, Florinda Meza left the show to star the telenovela Milagro y magia, after the end of the telenovela, she returned to the cast of the show.
In 1992, Bolaños end with the sketches of "El Chavo", since he was too old to play the role of an 8-year old boy. Also, Edgar Vivar left the show temporarily because of his obesity.
In 1993, the sketch of "El Chapulín Colorado" ends.
In 1994, the sketch "El Ciudadano Gómez", parody of the Citizen Kane returns to the show, Raul "Chato" Padilla left the show, passing away in February 3 of that year. In the next month, in March 25, Angelines Fernández also dies of throat cancer, Angelines was an acknowledged tobacco smoker.
In 1995, Televisa transfers the show to the weekends. Because of this change, Bolaños decided to end the 15-year old "Chespirito" show.
After the show.
Roberto Gómez Bolaños and Florinda Meza continued for some years the theater play "11 y 12" (also created and produced by Bolaños), which become very successful in Mexico and the Latin America
In 1997, the show is dubbed in Portuguese, especially to Brazil, renamed "Clube do Chaves".
In November 21, 1999, dies Horacio Gómez Bolaños (younger brother of Roberto) of a heart attack.
In November 19, 2004, Roberto marries with Florinda Meza after a long time of dating.
In 2007, the channel "Clásico TV" returns with "Los Supergenios de la Mesa Cuadrada", the first period of the "Chespirito" show, which was transmitted in the weekends
Cast.
The cast of the show in both periods.
External links.
Unofficial web-sites

</doc>
<doc id="30934409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934409" title="Operation Protect Our Children">
Operation Protect Our Children

Operation Protect Our Children (also called Operation Save Our Children) was a 2011 joint operation by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, and the U.S. Department of Justice's Child Exploitation and Obscenity Section and Asset Forfeiture and Money Laundering Section to execute "seizure warrants against 10 domain names of websites engaged in the advertisement and distribution of child pornography". The enforcement action was spearheaded by ICE’s Cyber Crimes Center (C3).
One of the domains seized, mooo.com, belonged to the DNS provider FreeDNS. FreeDNS stated that on "February 11th at around 9:30 PM PST mooo.com (the most popular shared domain at afraid.org) was suspended at the registrar level." All 84,000 of mooo.com's subdomains were subsequently redirected to a warning which stated:
This domain name has been seized by ICE – Homeland Security Investigations pursuant to a seizure warrant issued by a United States District Court under the authority of Title 18 U.S.C. 2254.
<br>
Advertisement, distribution, transportation, receipt, and possession of child pornography constitute federal crimes that carry penalties for first time offenders of up to 30 years in federal prison, a $250,000 fine, forfeiture and restitution.
Service to mooo.com was restored on February 13 at around 7:15 p.m, although FreeDNS admins noted that it would take up to 3 days for domain propagation. This meant that the affected sites would be unusable and would continue to display the child pornography accusation.
It was initially unclear whether the entire mooo.com domain was shut down due to clerical error or intentionally, ICE later apologized for the seizure stating, "During the course of a joint DHS and DOJ law enforcement operation targeting 10 websites providing explicit child pornographic content, a higher level domain name and linked sites were inadvertently seized for a period of time." The excessive seizure has led to criticism of the DOJ's ex parte warrant process and its possible abuse.

</doc>
<doc id="30934412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934412" title="Timmy 'Djawa' Burarrwanga">
Timmy 'Djawa' Burarrwanga

Timmy 'Djawa' Burarrwanga is an Aboriginal Australian who belongs to the Gumatj clan. He is a well-respected father, business operator, cultural leader and current Chairman of the Yirrkala Dhanbul Aboriginal Corporation, a community development organisation associated with the Bunuwal group of companies. He is also a Director of the Lanyhapuy Homelands Association, a Board member of both the Gumatj Association and Gumatj Corporation, and Chairman of Lirrwi Yolngu Tourism Aboriginal Corporation. In addition he serves on the boards of numerous other Aboriginal organisations and has lent his support to the One Laptop Per Child Australia group.
Bawaka.
With his family he operates Bawaka, a unique Indigenous tourism venture that operates on their ancestral homeland in north eastern Arnhem Land, in the Northern Territory of Australia. Together they move between Yirrkala and Bawaka to welcome small groups of people from across Australia and from around the world to share their culture and history.
Mr Burarrwanga sees tourism as a culturally appropriate way of Aboriginal people earning a living and has welcomed numerous high profile Australians to Bawaka to participate in a number of cultural awareness programs on offer.
In a recent Territory Quarterly magazine article Mr Burarrwanga was quoted saying;
Renowned chef Tony Bilson is one of many people who have spent time at Bawaka.
Garma Festival.
For several years Mr Burarrwanga has been actively involved in the management of cultural programs at the annual Garma Festival of Traditional Cultures held at the Gulkula site in north eastern Arnhem Land.
Constitutional Recognition of Indigenous Australians.
In December 2010 the Australian Government announced that Mr Burarrwanga was to join other prominent members to sit on the 'Expert Panel' on Constitutional Recognition of Indigenous Australians. The role of the panel being to lead a wide-ranging national public consultation and engagement program throughout 2011, before reporting its findings to the Australian Government by December 2011.
In February 2011 Mr Burarrwanga met with the other Expert Panelists for the first time in Canberra. The following is a brief excerpt from the Expert Panel on Constitutional Recognition of Indigenous Australians Communiqué 16–17 February 2011;
Wider Interests.
Mr Burarrwanga's wider interests include Indigenous health, education and social issues, particularly substance abuse, domestic violence and family health.

</doc>
<doc id="30934426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934426" title="Dalian Sports Center">
Dalian Sports Center

Dalian Sports Centre Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Dalian, China. It is used mostly for football matches. The stadium holds 80,000 spectators. It opened in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="30934454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934454" title="Matt Irwin">
Matt Irwin

Matt Irwin (born November 29, 1987) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who is currently playing for the San Jose Sharks in the National Hockey League. 
Playing career.
Amateur.
He was named best defenceman in the British Columbia Hockey League Coastal Conference two years in a row, 2007 and 2008, while playing for the Nanaimo Clippers. 
Professional career.
With the Worcester Sharks, Irwin scored 73 points in his first two seasons, and was signed by San Jose after injuries to Jason Demers and Brent Burns.
Irwin scored his first NHL goal on January 26, 2013 against Semyon Varlamov of the Colorado Avalanche. In 38 games with the Sharks in 2013, Irwin scored six goals and six assists, while averaging 2.1 shots on goal per game, the most by a rookie defenseman.
On April 3, 2013 Irwin signed a two-year contract extension with the Sharks.

</doc>
<doc id="30934461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934461" title="Ole Elias Holck">
Ole Elias Holck

Ole Elias Holck (1774–1842) was a Norwegian military officer and politician. He represented the Bergenhus regiment at the Norwegian Constituent Assembly at Eidsvoll in 1814. He was later also a member of the Parliament of Norway. He was decorated Knight of the Swedish Order of the Sword in 1818.

</doc>
<doc id="30934517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934517" title="Hireheggadahal">
Hireheggadahal


</doc>
<doc id="30934535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934535" title="Ramasagar">
Ramasagar


</doc>
<doc id="30934548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934548" title="Haravanahalli">
Haravanahalli


</doc>
<doc id="30934553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934553" title="Dasmapura">
Dasmapura


</doc>
<doc id="30934564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934564" title="Kenchamallanahalli">
Kenchamallanahalli


</doc>
<doc id="30934567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934567" title="Paramadevanahalli">
Paramadevanahalli


</doc>
<doc id="30934571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934571" title="Nook Colliery">
Nook Colliery

Nook Colliery was a coal mine operating on the Manchester Coalfield after 1866 in Tyldesley, Greater Manchester, then in the historic county of Lancashire, England.
The colliery's first shaft was sunk to the Rams mine at 455 yards in 1866 by Astley and Tyldesley Coal and Salt Company to exploit the Middle Coal Measures of the Manchester Coalfield. The colliery expanded and eventually had five shafts and became one of the largest pits on the coalfield. No.2 upcast shaft was sunk in 1873 and deepened to the Arley mine, a hot mine where temperatures reached 100 Fahrenheit, at 935 yards. No.3 shaft was sunk to 707 yards to the Trencherbone mine through water bearing rock in 1899. No.4 shaft, sunk in 1913, intersected every workable coal seam. The colliery had two horizontal winding engines. 
The colliery became part of Manchester Collieries in 1929 and the National Coal Board in 1947. In 1954, 1000 men were employed producing 440,000 tons of coal per annum. After closure most colliery buildings were demolished and the site landscaped. The pithead bath house built by the Miner's Welfare Committee in the 1930s survived and was converted to other uses. The pit was the subject of a painting by local artist, Roger Hampson.
See also.
List of collieries in Astley and Tyldesley
References.
Notes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="30934582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934582" title="Sandeshkhali II (community development block)">
Sandeshkhali II (community development block)

Sandeshkhali-II (community development block) is an administrative division in Basirhat subdivision of North 24 Parganas district in the Indian state of West Bengal. Sandeshkhali police station serves Sandeshkhali-I & Sandeshkhali-II blocks. Headquarters of this block is at Sandeshkhali.
Geography.
Sandeshkhali is located at .
The area is full of creeks and swamps in the deltaic region of southern Bengal. The wide Dansa, Kalindi and Raimangal rivers flow through the area.
Sandeshkhali-II Community Development Block has an area of 197.27 km2.
Gram panchayats.
Gram panchayats of Sandeshkhali-II Block/Panchayat Samiti are: 
Bermajur-I, Bermajur-II, Sandeshkhali, Jeliakhali, Durgamandop, Korakati, Monipur and Khulna
Hospitals.
Hospitals of Sandeshkhali-II Block are: Sandeshkhali Rural Hospital, Korakati Primary Health Centre
Government offices.
Offices of Sandeshkhali-II Block are: Sandedhkhali-II BDO Office, Sandeshkhali BLRO Office, Sandeshkhali ADA Office
Schools.
Schools of Sandeshkhali-II Block are: Sandeshkhali Radharani High School (HS), Bhagabati Devi Balika Vidyalaya, Khulna P.C. Law Vidyalaya (HS), Sitalia High School (HS), Hatgachha K.C.A. High School (HS), Bouthakurani Uttam Chandra High School, Atapur Kenaram High School (HS), Doutpur H.L. Sikshaniketan (HS), D.D.T. Sahid Smriti Vidyapith,
Demographics.
As per 2001 census, Sandeshkhali-II block has a total population of 136,247 out of which 70,114 were males and 66,133 were females. Sandeshkhali-II block registered a population growth of 14.59 per cent during the 1991-2001 decade. Decadal growth for the district was 22.40 per cent. Decadal growth in West Bengal was 17.84 per cent.
Economy.
Power.
The remote villages and hamlets situated in the area suffer from chronic shortage of energy due to non-availability of grid power. It is extremely difficult to extend high voltage transmission lines because of technical limitations in an area with inhospitable terrain and prohibitive cost. A scheme is being formulated to cover about 750,000 people in the difficult areas of Sundarbans with non-conventional energy power by 2012. The scheme covers Gosaba, Sagar, Pathar Pratima, Namkhana, Kultali, Hingalganj and Sandeshkhali.
Microcredit.
Microcredit is serving as an effective tool of economic emancipation of women, empowering them to fight against many social evils and the age-old atrocities in the villages. JYDC an NGO, in collaboration with National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD) has established 1047 self-help groups with 12,000 members spread over 24 villages (mouza). Self-help group members of Sandeshkhali raised Rs.40,000/-loan from Bank of Baroda to start a poultry farm.(31 March 2008, BDO, SDK-II)
Health.
Although in North 24 Parganas district groundwater is affected by arsenic contamination, tube wells in Sandeshkhali-II block are arsenic safe according to Indian standard (50 µg/L) and in Sandeshkhali-I block only 0.6% of tube wells exceed 50 µg/L.(study conducted by JYDC, an NGO). A lab was set up by JYDC in collaboration with UNICEF and the government of West Bengal to monitor drinking water in the area. The probable reason may be, in Sandeshkhali, most of the tube wells are deep. Shallow tub ewells are saline, so people do not construct shallow tube wells. A study of iodine deficiency disorder amongst children found that prevalence of goitre amongst school children was very high at Sandeshkhali.
There is a rural hospital and a primary health centre and many sub-health centre. The name of the rural hospital is Sandeshkhali Rural Hospital (Add-Khulna, Sandeshkhali), the name of the primary health centre is Korakati Primary Health Centre (Add-Korakati, Sandeshkhali).
Four launches with doctors carrying medicines, sophisticated portable X-ray and echo-cardiograph machines, provided by the French author Dominique Lapierre move along the waterways of the Sundarbans to its furthest corners. Residents of such places as Sandeshkhali, Basanti, Gosaba and Kultali have felicitated him when he came in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="30934585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934585" title="Gin Pit Colliery">
Gin Pit Colliery

Gin Pit was a coal mine operating on the Lancashire Coalfield from the 1840s in Tyldesley, Greater Manchester then in the historic county of Lancashire, England. It exploited the Middle Coal Measures of the Manchester Coalfield and was situated to the south of the Tyldesley Loopline. 
Gin Pit's name suggests it, or a predecessor, had horse driven winding gear and was on the site of even older coal workings. The colliery, owned by John Darlington, was isolated from roads resulting in the building of a narrow gauge tramway worked by horses to transport coal from the pit to the Bridgewater Canal at Marsland Green. In 1851 Darlington attempted to sell his colliery, tramroad, cranes and tipplers on the canal to the Bridgewater Trustees but the operation was sold to Samuel Jackson, a salt merchant and owner of a nearby colliery in Bedford.
The colliery's single shaft was deepened to the Rams mine at 375 yards between 1866 and 1872 by Astley and Tyldesley Coal and Salt Company. It had a pumping engine built by the Haigh Foundry.
In 1896 Gin Pit employed 240 underground and 55 surface workers producing household and steam coal and coal to produce gas. The seams worked were the Crombouke and Six Foot mines. In 1923 the colliery had 237 underground and 57 surface workers. In common with many collieries on the Lancashire Coalfield, women, known as "Pit brow lasses" were employed on the surface to sort coal on the screens at the pit head. 
The colliery was linked to St George's Colliery for ventilation.
The colliery became part of Manchester Collieries in 1929. In 1947 when the collieries were nationalised Gin Pit became part of the No 1 Manchester Area of the National Coal Board's (NCB) North Western Division. It ceased production in 1958.
See also.
List of collieries in Astley and Tyldesley
References.
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="30934591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934591" title="Claus Bendeke">
Claus Bendeke

Claus Bendeke (1763 – 1828) was a Norwegian jurist and politician. He represented Hedemarken amt at the Norwegian Constituent Assembly at Eidsvoll in 1814. He served as County Governor of Hedmark from 1804. He was also an Inspector of Greenland.

</doc>
<doc id="30934593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934593" title="Haribhau Upadhyaya">
Haribhau Upadhyaya

Haribhau Upadhyaya () was an Indian politician and an Indian independence activist. He was the Chief Minister of Ajmer state from 1952-56.
Life.
He was born in 1892 at Bhonrasa village in present day Ujjain district of Madhya Pradesh. In 1952, he was elected to the Ajmer Legislative Assembly from Shrinagar constituency as an Indian National Congress candidate and became the Chief Minister of Ajmer state from 24 March 1952 to 31 October 1956. He was elected to the Rajasthan Legislative Assembly in 1957 from Kekri constituency and served as the Finance minister in Rajasthan government from 1957-62. He was re-elected to the Rajasthan Legislative Assembly from the same constituency and served as the Education Minister in Rajasthan government from 1962-67. He was awarded Padma Bhushan in 1966. He died in 25 August 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="30934595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934595" title="Response Time Compensation">
Response Time Compensation

Response time compensation is also known as "Overdrive". LCDs moderate light flow by rotating liquid crystal molecules to various alignments where they transmit more or less light depending on the electrical setting at each individual pixel. The speed at which these liquid crystal molecules rotate is relatively slow, below the image refresh rate. As a consequence, when a scene is changing fast or there is a fast moving image being displayed (such as a golf ball flying off the head of a club) the object is at best blurry and can disappear from the image entirely. Overdrive attempts to compensate for this by, instead of sending the desired voltage to each pixel, it sends a higher initial voltage and then moderates that voltage in order to drive the rotation of the liquid crystal faster. Electrically it "steps on the gas" in order to get to the right speed quickly, then eases off as it approaches the desired performance level.
Overdrive was patented by an individual inventor (Robert Hotto) whose company "Positive Technologies" owns the rights to it. The technology was copied by many of the large LCD companies and renamed to avoid paying royalties. The ownership issues were eventually settled in a lawsuit with the defendants agreeing to pay royalties to Positive Technologies.

</doc>
<doc id="30934596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934596" title="St George's Colliery">
St George's Colliery

St George's Colliery, Back o't' Church, was a coal mine operating on the Manchester Coalfield after 1866 in Tyldesley, Greater Manchester, then in the historic county of Lancashire, England. The colliery was situated to the south of Tyldesley Station on the Tyldesley Loopline and named after St George's Church.
The colliery's two shafts were sunk to the Rams mine commencing in 1866 by Astley and Tyldesley Coal and Salt Company] to exploit the Middle Coal Measures of the Manchester Coalfield. The colliery was linked to Gin Pit Colliery for ventilation. A third shaft to the Trencherbone mine was sunk in 1884 and was deepened to the Arley mine. The colliery worked the Seven Foot until 1929.
The colliery became part of Manchester Collieries in 1929 ceased coal production in 1941 but retained for ventilation purposes until 1964.
See also.
List of collieries in Astley and Tyldesley
References.
Notes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="30934598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934598" title="2011 UCI Track Cycling World Championships">
2011 UCI Track Cycling World Championships

The 2011 UCI Track Cycling World Championships was the World Championships for track cycling in 2011. The championships took place at the Omnisport Apeldoorn in Apeldoorn, Netherlands from 23 to 27 March 2011. In January 2012 it was announced that Grégory Baugé's results in the Sprint and Team Sprint competitions would be nullified. 
The championships were dominated by the rivalry between Australia and Great Britain, who shared 10 of the 19 gold medals available between them, including in eight of the ten Olympic events.
Participating nations.
41 nations participated.

</doc>
<doc id="30934625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934625" title="K.I.S.S. (Keep It Sexy &amp; Simple)">
K.I.S.S. (Keep It Sexy &amp; Simple)

K.I.S.S. (abbreviation of Keep It Sexy & Simple) is the sixth and seventh studio album by American recording artist Mýa. It is her second studio album to be released by Manhattan Recordings in Japan on April 20, 2011. Originally, scheduled for release April 6, 2011 (physically), however though the album's release was delayed for two weeks due to the unfortunate events surrounding the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami disaster, which triggered the Fukushima I nuclear accidents, and temporarily immobilized packaging of the CD album. Despite these circumstances and minor setback "K.I.S.S." eventually became available at retail and outlets April 20, 2011 and served as Harrison's fourth independently—released project through her own label imprint Planet 9. Although the record is a traditional R&B; pop album, Mýa was heavily—influenced by Japan's culture and experimented with Japan's J-pop sound to embrace a more worldwide appeal to attract the Japanese music market audience.
Production on "K.I.S.S." was primarily handled by local Cleveland native producer Young Yonny with additional contributions from Japanese musicians Jeff Miyahara and Daisuke Imai, Chuck Harmony and longtime collaborators Carvin & Ivan. As always and just as she did before with her last 3 independently—released projects, Mýa took full creative control of the album. Harrison lent a hand in the songwriting process; co-writing several of the album's tracks with many different artists and songwriters and served as executive producer to the project. Guest features included Miami rapper Trina, international recording artist Iyaz, reggae star Sean Paul and ex Immature frontman Marques Houston. The album is a representation of Mýa's life today. "It's about being cool and drama-free. And everything I do reflects that," she said in a recent interview. "The people that I associate with, the circle that I keep is real simple and sometimes we think or we're trained to believe that you always have to have more, more, more to make ourselves feel happy or beautiful, but it's the other way around for me. Simplicity is sexy."
"K.I.S.S." has spawned seven singles thus far; two international singles "Fabulous Life" and "Runnin' Back" featuring international recording artist Iyaz and five U.S. released singles "Earthquake", "Somebody Come Get This Bitch", "Mr. Incredible", "Mess Up My Hair", and "Evolve". Although all singles have been released (digitally) to iTunes; none of the singles were or planned be released to radio in the near future.
In Japan, "K.I.S.S." debuted at number sixty-one on the Japan Billboard Top Albums Chart on May 2, 2011 with first week sales of 1,543 copies. In the United States, Mýa announced via Twitter, that the U.S./Canada Deluxe Edition of "K.I.S.S." was slated to be released December 20, 2011 (digitally) on Apple iTunes Store. "K.I.S.S. U.S./Canada Deluxe Edition" was made available December 20, 2011 (digitally) via iTunes and Amazon and officially marked Mýa return to the United States prior to her last studio album "Moodring" (2003) and departure from her label Interscope Records eight years ago.
In February 2012, "K.I.S.S. U.S./Canada Deluxe Edition" debuted at number seventy-four on "Billboard"'s Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart ending Harrison's nine year gap.
Background.
Prior to Mýa recording and releasing her first independent album (project) overseas. Harrison released three successful studio albums in the United States; 1998’s Mýa, 2000’s "Fear of Flying" and 2003’s "Moodring". Back in 1998, Mýa released her debut, self-titled album, which peaked at No. 13 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart. "Fear of Flying" (2000) fared even better at No. 7, with the single "Case of the Ex" reaching No. 2 on the Hot 100 chart. In 2001, she took home a grammy for "Lady Marmalade," her massive No. 1 single with P!nk, Christina Aguilera, Lil' Kim, and Missy Elliott. A role in the hit film "Chicago" and other acting opportunities followed. After she released "Moodring" in 2003, with the exception of a popular stint on "Dancing with the Stars" in 2009 (she finished second), it seemed as if Mýa had left the entertainment industry.
In 2004, after the "Moodring" album, she ended up in a year long litigation with management. In late 2005, Harrison made a transition within the Universal system from Interscope to Universal Motown. In 2007 her fourth studio album "Liberation" was accidentally released in Japan when the release date changed. At the time she was with Motown/Universal; her lawyer advised that she not waste time and money taking the issue to court, so Harrison decided to go independent instead. Japan loved the "Liberation" album so much, that a company by the named Manhattan Recordings located there approached her about doing business with them. Harrison released her first independent project, titled "Sugar & Spice", in Japan in 2008, a year after her split with Motown.
"K.I.S.S." is Harrison's second studio album to be released in Japan on Manhattan Recordings (a division of Lexington Corp). It is the follow-up album to the moderately successful "Sugar & Spice" (2008). "Sugar & Spice" was preceded by its first and final single "Paradise". During her downtime she competed in the 9th season of "Dancing with the Stars" and started an independent label titled Planet 9. She released her first mixtape (compilation) "Beauty & the Streets Vol. 1" on her own label through J. Prince's Young Empire Music Group.
Planet 9.
In 2008, Harrison created her own label imprint Planet 9. Since parting ways with Universal Motown, Harrison has released four independently self-funded, self-executive produced projects; 2008’s "Sugar & Spice", 2009’s "Sugar & Spice: The Perfect Edition", 2010’s "Beauty & the Streets Vol. 1" and 2011’s "K.I.S.S." In 2009, Harrison spoke with "Rolling Out" magazine;elaborating more on her hiatus from music and decision to go independent:
“I’ve never stopped doing music. I’ve created a label called Planet 9 and I released an album in Japan. I invested in my own studio and it cut the recording cost down 95 percent. I have my own in-house producers and they are not as expensive as an established producer. The return is greater and now I own my masters. I see six dollars per album sold versus 10 cents. You may not sell as many units because you don’t put as much money in promotions, but the returns are better.”
Later in the interview, Harrison voiced her opinion on the major difference between major record labels and independent labels, saying with “Major labels have a system that you have to go through. The people in power dictate how things should sound and where the money is spent. But when you become your own boss, you check every line item and you have to be cautious.”
Album Title & Artwork.
In an interview with "AOL", Mýa said "K.I.S.S." stands for "Keep It Sexy and Simple." She named it that because it's sealed with a kiss as gift from me to my fans. It's about keeping it simple by keeping negative energy and unnecessary things to a minimum. Being simple is sexy to me.
"K.I.S.S." album cover was shot by photographer and director Marc Baptiste and inspired by Janet Jackson's "Control" album cover along with a few other artists; Vanity 6, The Jets, Andy Warhol, and Lisa, Lisa. All singles cover artwork was shot by Reesee at Zigga Zagga studio.
Development.
Just like she did before on her previous albums (projects) "Sugar & Spice" and "Beauty & the Streets Vol. 1", Harrison served as executive producer for "K.I.S.S" which entailed her scouting the producers, songwriters, arranging the album tracklisting, and keeping track of the accounting. Her fifth studio album "Sugar & Spice" was catered more to Japan’s distinct sound & market, but approaching "K.I.S.S.", she wanted to make a classic Mýa album even if it meant digging deeper into her pockets. "K.I.S.S." has a balance of mid-tempos, up-tempos, slow jams and great production. "As fun as this album is, there’s also lots of substance to be discovered lyrically, without getting bored or depressed", she described. In an interview with "4Eight Media", she said, "The creative process was a combination of including songs that I had in my archive for years in addition to travelling across the U.S. & Jamaica to work with different producers & artists. She chose the songs that best worked together sonically & arranged the tracklisting of the album accordingly." Harrison used a few songs on the album that have existed in her archive for a couple of years that finally found the appropriate place to reside. The entire album with the new material took her about 5 months to assemble & complete. Between October 2010 & February 2011.
Conception & Production.
Primary production on "K.I.S.S." was handled by hip-hop producer Young Yonny. With additional contribution from Japanese musicians Jeff Miyahara and Daisuke Imai and longtime collaborators Chuck Harmony and Carvin & Ivan; while Lil' Eddie, Autumn Rowe, and Shawn Stockman, a member of Boyz II Men each wrote or co-wrote track(s). In interview with "AOL", Mýa described the album as a "classic Mýa album" which always includes a variety of sounds and tempos, club bangers, soulful R&B, pop ballads and substance. When asked if she experimented with anything new on the album as far as sounds, she replied there are two j pop-inspired songs on the album, Fabulous Life and Alive which both charted at #1 in Japan already. Further saying, "This is a new fun sound for me ... and I'm ready to have some FUN!".
"Runnin' Back", the album's second single is a flavored beat number with sweet mellow vocals. Another track, titled "Before U Say Goodbye" is described super catchy with a feeling of floating.
Harrison, who recorded many of the songs during her stint on "Dancing with the Stars", combined all different styles on the album. She wanted classic Mýa songs, dance, collaborations, urban, pop, slow jam ballads. Mýa says the album's title track "K.I.S.S." is a useful tune for this album because it explains the album. "Mess Up My Hair" was produced by Young Yonny. Mýa and Young Yonny met in 2007 and began working together on music independently; recording 2009's "Beauty & The Streets Vol.1" and continue to work together on other future projects as well. Marques Houston is featured on "Love Me Some You" a slow jam love ballad. Harrison asked Marques Houston to record the song with her because she liked the tone of his voice; Harrison said the song was perfect for him. "Problem + Solution" was written by Afro-pop artist Tiwa Savage and Boyz II Men member Shawn Stockman.
While the original version of "K.I.S.S." contains J-pop songs, Mýa says the deluxe edition is more of her traditional style. "It's R&B, urban also pop. It's fun, young with perspective and opinion." There are up-tempo tracks, as well as ballads, like "Love Comes Love Goes," that tackle "deeper issues." Harrison singles out "Evolve," a "heartfelt, mid-tempo" song as one of her favorites. "[It's about having determination and will power through it all... and not letting anything stop you," Mýa says. "It represents where I am in my life." "K.I.S.S." overall concept is simplicity.
Release & Promotion.
On July 22, 2011, Mýa put on a special extended performance and held a listening party for the U.S. release of "K.I.S.S." in Atlantic City at the Chelsea Hotel's C5 Night Club. "K.I.S.S. U.S./Canada Deluxe Edition" was released December 20, 2011 via (iTunes) independently through Mýa's label imprint Planet 9. Although "K.I.S.S. U.S./Canada Deluxe Edition" has been released, Mýa doesn't have any plans to shoot videos or do extensive promotion for the album. She explained "K.I.S.S." is just a boutique album that I'm offering fans under the radar. If they want it, it's accessible now," she says. "This is just more of an appetizer. I've already started on what people will be looking forward to."
On February 1, 2012, in a press release Harrison announced she will be releasing the worldwide edition of "K.I.S.S." February 14, 2012 to commemorate the release of her debut single "It's All About Me" (2/14/1998) and 14th Anniversary in the music industry through her own label imprint Planet 9 with distribution from INgrooves, a veteran player in the digital music distribution and marketing space.
In mid-August 2013, Harrison announced on her instagram that there would be a "Limited Mint" edition released for the U.S., available on her official site's store. The tracklisting remained the same as the "International Deluxe" edition, while the album's artwork itself changed to green. This edition was made available on September 3, 2013.
Reception.
Critical.
About.com’s editor Mark Edward Nero gave "K.I.S.S." 2 out of 5 stars and called the album “mediocre, unoriginal and creatively lacking material “; writing “Throughout "K.I.S.S.", Mýa tries out different personas like she's putting on new sets of clothes: she's a confident, independent woman on the title track; she's a sassy street chick on the club banger "Earthquake"; she's a vulnerable, heartbroken girl on "Love Comes, Love Goes;" and she's a strong, powerful woman on "Evolve." Unfortunately, she doesn't come off convincingly in any of the roles. And the lack of consistency and cohesiveness throughout the album ultimately proves to be the second-biggest drawback, right after the multiple weak vocal performances.”
However though, staff writer Stephanie DeBalko of "The Weekender" gave the album 3½ stars out of 5 and called "K.I.S.S." "an unexpectedly vibrant, peppy outing" saying "this album shows Mýa still got a few tricks up her sleeve" while commenting on the album's production and lyrical content stating "A lot of the songs have an ’80s flavor to them, with jingly effects and forthright lyrics."
Associate Arts Editor Taylor Cavallo of "The Heights" gave the album a negative review, calling "K.I.S.S." "one-dimensional girl power music"; commenting on the album's music and lyrical content standpoint, stating "There is certainly a time and place for this type of music, but Mýa doesn't even deliver amidst the lackluster genre populated by the Ke$has and the Katy Perrys"; "Lyricism is not the strong point of this R&B album." Referring to the album as a whole "not only a bit overdone, but also boring."
Commercial performance.
"K.I.S.S." debuted at number sixty-one on Japan's Top Billboard Albums Chart and at number seventy-two on Japan's Oricon Albums Chart with first-week sales of 1,543. In its second week, the album dropped 25 spots to number 97 on the Oricon Albums Chart and 16 spots to number 77 on Japan's Top Billboard Albums Chart, selling 1,422 copies. In its third week, the album dropped 21 spots to number 118 on the Oricon Albums Chart and 17 spots to number 94 on Japan's Top Billboard Albums Chart, selling 1,008 copies. In its fourth week, the album dropped 35 spots to number 153 on the Oricon Albums Chart, selling 625 copies. In its fifth week, the album dropped another 35 spots to number 188 on the Oricon Albums Chart, selling 485 copies. In its sixth week, the album dropped 82 spots to number 270 on the Oricon Album Chart, selling 419 copies.
In the United States, "K.I.S.S. U.S./Canada Deluxe Edition" debuted at number seventy-four on Billboard's "Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums" chart for the week of February 11, 2012. It re-entered Billboard's "Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums" at number one hundred and eighty-three for the week of March 24, 2012, selling 273 copies in its second non-consecutive week. As of March 2012, "K.I.S.S. U.S./Canada Deluxe Edition" has sold 3,035 copies to date.

</doc>
<doc id="30934627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934627" title="Marnix van Rij">
Marnix van Rij

Marnix Leonard Alexander van Rij (born October 25, 1960) is a retired Dutch politician of the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA). He was the Party Chair from 1999 until 2001 and is serving since that time as a partner at the professional services firm Ernst & Young.

</doc>
<doc id="30934655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934655" title="Ange René Armand, baron de Mackau">
Ange René Armand, baron de Mackau

Ange René Armand, Baron de Mackau (17 February 1788 – 13 May 1855) was a French naval officer and politician.
Biography.
Early History.
Descendant of an ancient family of Ireland who followed King James II to France and grandson of the deputy governess of the sisters of Louis XVI, Ange de Mackau was raised in the same institution as Jérôme Bonaparte, Napoleon's youngest brother, and entered the navy as a novice at 17.
During the Napoleonic Era.
On the orders of Prince Jérôme, he embarked on the ship-of-the-line "Vétéran". Upon his return from its campaign in the Atlantic and the Caribbean in 1808, his conduct and excellent exam scores earned him the rank of Aspirant, 1st class. He was then called to command a station of the French coast guard, where he acquitted himself honorably in engagements with a British cruiser.
He subsequently made a long cruise on the frigate "Hortense", commanded by Captain Baudin. When Baudin was promoted to "contre-amiral", he attached Ange de Mackau as his deputy-adjunct in the Mediterranean squadron and kept him nearby until 1810.
At that time, Mackau went as first lieutenant on the brig "Abeille". On 26 May 1811, returning from a mission to Corsica, "Abeille" encountered HMS "Alacrity" off Bastia and attacked the larger brig without hesitation. After having seen all its officers lost in combat, fifteen crewmen killed, and twenty others wounded, "Alacrity" surrendered and was dragged in triumph to Bastia. For this success, Mackau was promoted to ship-of-the-line lieutenant, made a knight of the Legion of Honor, and granted command of the captured ship.
After several other battles and the capture of several merchant vessels, Mackau was named in 1812 as a frigate captain at the age of only twenty-four. He received command of the French squadron charged with protecting the Tuscan coast, where in December he participated in the defense of Livorno. The next year, he returned to Toulon with every ship-of-the-line in his squadron unharmed and a great quantity of supplies drawn from Livorno and Genoa.
During the Restoration.
Under the Restoration, which preserved his rank, he requested and obtained important missions to Île Bourbon and Madagascar, where he obtained and provided useful information. In 1816, he was named second-in-command for the frigate "Eurydice", and in 1818 he received the command of "Golo" and campaigned in almost every sea in the world while participating in important hydrographic work.
Named ship-of-the-line captain on 1 September 1819, he was directed to Senegal where the French government planned to found new settlements. After investigation, he decided to abandon this project and only maintain the existing ones. According to him, Senegal could only be a trading colony and not a farming one. During this mission, he also gathered information on the black slave trade.
On his return to France, he was named a gentleman of the chamber of King Louis XVIII. In June 1821, he then received command of "Clorinde", a 58-gun frigate, which he sailed to the Pacific in order to conduct negotiations with the new states of Chile and Peru.
In command of "Circé", he was next directed to Haiti in order for it to accept the "Ordinance of Emancipation" of 17 April 1825, which partially recognized the independence of the formerly French half of the island (while leaving Haiti's occupation of the formerly Spanish half unrecognized, and in the event withholding full diplomatic recognition for another decade) while ordering, in return, five annual payments of ₣30 million in cash from the impoverished nation, opening of the ports to trade from all nations, and a tariff rate for French goods half that of any other nation. The Haitians particularly objected to the exemption of the Spanish section from any obligation or recognition under the treaty, a stipulation which would lead to the Dominican War of Independence, but being met by the addition squadrons under Admirals Jurien de la Gravière and Grivel and threatening French reconquest of the nation, Mackau obtained confirmation of the order.
Named counter admiral on 1 September 1825, member of the Council of the Admiralty in 1828, and director of naval personnel on 17 September 1829, he participated in the preparation of the Algerian Expedition and displayed there a marked firmness of will and power.
During the July monarchy.
President of the electoral college of Lorient, Admiral Mackau was elected deputy by the 2nd electoral arrondissement of Morbihan on 23 June 1830.
He took the oath to the July monarchy, renounced his position in personnel, and was named in 1831 as commander of the Squadron of the Downs, whose purview at the time included the war between the Netherlands and its rebellious southern provinces, which had declared independence as Belgium. This squadron transported the garrison of Antwerp from Dunkerque to Vlissingen and was charged with blockading the Dutch ports.
Returned to Cherbourg, Admiral Mackau was named commander of the Antilles station. During this time, the French consul, Adolphe Barrot, was brutally jailed. After informing the government of New Granada of the reparations demanded by the French government and being rebuffed, Admiral Mackau prepared his force for action pending instructions from Paris. After nearly a year, he received orders permitting him the widest latitude and left Martinique with five vessels and the consul, arriving unexpected at Cartagena, forcing the Boca Chica, and placing himself in a position to capture the forts guarding the sole entrance to the port. Reopening negotiations, he obtained complete reparations.
After having rendered to the navy other important services, the admiral was charged with the inspection of French fishing establishments at Saint-Pierre-et-Miquelon and the island of Newfoundland. He was barely returned to France when a rupture with the United States became imminent. Admiral Mackau was named commander in chief of the naval forces of the Antilles and governor of Martinique in order to take measures to protect French settlement and commerce in the Antilles and Atlantic, but the war was averted. In these functions, Mackau was preoccupied with the anti-slavery movement which arose and strove to improve the plight of the blacks.
Mackau left Martinique. On the way, the frigate "Terpsichore", on which he travelled with all his family, was assailed by a terrible tempest and remained several days in distress off the coast of Ireland. In these grave circumstances, he assumed command of the frigate and assisted by her captain, officers, and crewmen, he managed to lead "Terpischore" into the port of Cork.
On 30 May 1837, he was named a Vice-Admiral and new member of the Council of the Admiralty.
In 1840, Admiral Mackau went at the head of 43 warships to make vigorous demonstrations in the Río de la Plata in order to conclude an agreement with Rosas, dictator of Argentina, which was completed 29 October.
Created a peer of France on 20 July 1842, he was commanding the Mediterranean squadron when he was called to head the Ministry of the Navy and Colonies on 24 July 1843 as a replacement for Admiral Albin Roussin. During his administration, he reorganized the departments of control and accountability; proposed the laws of 18 and 19 July 1845, called the Mackau Law, which made preparations for the abolishment of slavery throughout the French Empire; and also the law of 3 July 1846 opening a credit of ₣93 million for the improvement of the French Navy. He received the Grand Cross of the Legion of Honor on 29 October 1845.
Several trials called public attention to the abuses and disorder within the naval administration. Mackau tried unsuccessfully to fix them and was forced to accept an inquiry demanded by the Chamber of Deputies. Furthermore, the French Parliament considered the measures against slavery insufficient, and the deputies adopted the proposal of Alexandre Ledru-Rollin on the subject. Faced with a vote of no confidence, Mackau resigned on 8 May 1847. Nevertheless, he was promoted to full admiral on 23 December.
During the Second Republic and Empire.
Avoiding the Second Republic, he became a senator during the Second Empire by right of his admiralty on 26 January 1852. He died three years later after having vainly sought a command in the Crimean War.
He was the father of Armand de Mackau (1832–1918), a deputy of the Third Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="30934656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934656" title="The Show Off">
The Show Off

The Show Off (1926) is a silent film comedy produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures, directed by Mal St. Clair, and starring Ford Sterling, Lois Wilson and Louise Brooks. The film is based on a 1924 Broadway play by George Kelly that starred Louis John Bartels in the leading role, and had Lee Tracy in the cast.
This film is one of two films that costarred popular Broadway actor Gregory Kelly (first husband of Ruth Gordon) who died shortly after "The Show Off" wrapped production. The film was produced in Philadelphia and New York City thus becoming a sort of time capsule record of buildings long gone and neighborhoods changed.
Preservation status.
Preserved at the Library of Congress, the film can be found in near mint condition on a Library of Congress related DVD and MaidMarian's internet site.
Remakes.
The film has been remade a number of times:
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="30934677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934677" title="Brandon Stadium">
Brandon Stadium

Brandon Stadium also known as Coventry Stadium, is located 6 miles east of Coventry in Brandon, Warwickshire, England. It is the home of the Coventry Bees motorcycle speedway team. It also hosts BriSCA F1 Stock Car Racing on the 1st Saturday of the month from April through to November. Since 1978 it has also hosted Greyhound racing, known as Coventry Greyhounds. Brandon Stadium's first speedway meeting took place on 29 September 1928. The track was owned by Midland Sports Stadiums (who also owned Leicester Speedway) and Charles Ochiltree promoted the Speedway and Stock Car Racing up until his death in 1998. His son Martin then carried on promoting duties until the stadium was sold to Avtar Sandhu in 2003. The stadium's capacity is approx. 5,000. The record attendance for Brandon was set during a speedway meeting and stands at 25,000. The shale speedway track, which is inside the dog track is in length, the greyhound track is in length.
Speedway.
Brandon Stadium has been a popular stop for many high profile speedway events in its lifetime. Under the old format of the Speedway World Championship events including the British Speedway Championship, the Commonwealth and Overseas Finals as well as hosting the 1998, 1999 and 2000 Speedway Grand Prix of Great Britain. The 'Brandonapolis' is an annual event at Brandon which features some of the worlds best speedway riders. It was postponed in 2011 due to the BSPA dispute of the 2011 Elite League Season.
Stock car racing.
The speedway track is also used for BriSCA F1 Stock Cars, having raced here continuously since 1954. The first meeting was held on 30 June, the first heat being won by Percy 'Hellcat' Brine, he also won the meeting Final. The BriSCA Formula 1 Stock Cars World Championship has been held here many times since 1960. The track is also used for BriSCA Formula 2 Stock Cars, V8 Hotstox, and various other forms of oval Motorsport including Bangers, Saloon Stock Cars, Ministox and Sprint Cars.
Greyhound racing.
Greyhounds Racing at Brandon originally opened on 19 September 1978, fourteen years after the closure of the Lythalls Lane track in north-east Coventry, due to redevelopment as a housing estate. The owners of the Coventry track at the time also owned Brandon Stadium, and always had plans to bring greyhounds there despite the gap. The greyhound operation lasted until 2009 when it was closed. It re-opened in May 2012 with the race meetings taking place on Thursday, Saturday and Sunday.

</doc>
<doc id="30934688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934688" title="2011 Edmonton Rush season">
2011 Edmonton Rush season

The Edmonton Rush are a lacrosse team based in Edmonton playing in the National Lacrosse League (NLL). The 2011 season was the 6th in franchise history. The Rush finished 5-11, tied with the Colorado Mammoth, but ended up in 5th place due to tiebreakers and finished out of the playoffs for the fifth time in their six seasons.
Regular season.
Game log.
Reference:
Transactions.
Trades.
"*Later traded back to the Edmonton Rush"<br>
"**Later traded to the Minnesota Swarm"
Entry Draft.
The 2010 NLL Entry Draft took place on September 8, 2010. The Rush selected the following players:

</doc>
<doc id="30934693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934693" title="Miroslav Vodehnal">
Miroslav Vodehnal

Miroslav Vodehnal (born 25 April 1976) is a footballer who has played as a forward for clubs in Czech Republic, Greece and Cyprus.
Playing career.
Vodehnal began his career playing for Czech Gambrinus liga side FK Jablonec 97, appearing in 107 league matches for the club. He moved abroad in January 2005, joining Greek second division side Panachaiki for six months. He spent the next two seasons in the Cypriot second division, helping AEP Paphos F.C. and then APOP Kinyras Peyias FC gain promotion, before returning to the Czech Republic to play for FC Hradec Králové.

</doc>
<doc id="30934699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934699" title="Martyn Irvine">
Martyn Irvine

Martyn Irvine (born 6 June 1985) is a professional cyclist, who competes for the team. He is the reigning UCI World Champion in the Scratch discipline, having won the world title representing Ireland at the 2013 UCI World Track Cycling Championships in Minsk, Belarus, only an hour after winning a silver medal in the individual pursuit discipline. Prior to Irvine, no Irish male rider had won a World Championship medal in 116 years.
A 7-time Irish national track and road cycling champion cyclist, who currently represents the Irish National track team in the Omnium event at the World Cup Classics. He was UCI World Ranked 17th at the end of the inaugural 2010/11 Omnium season, with 315 ranking points. He signed with the UCI Asia based Giant Kenda Pro Cycling Team for the 2011 season. After the 2012 London World Cup event, he had 470 ranking points. He qualified for the Omnium event at the London Olympics where he finished 13th. In 2013, Irvine signed a contract to ride with the team.
In February 2013 he won gold at the 2013 UCI Track Cycling World Championships in the Scratch Race and silver in the Individual Pursuit.
In February 2014, Irvine won a silver medal in the scrath race at the 2014 UCI Track Cycling World Championships.
Palmares.
Track.
2012 – Ireland Track Team
2011 – Ireland Track Team
2010 – Ireland Track Team
2009 – Ireland Track Team
Road.
2012 – RTS Racing Team
2011 – Giant Kenda Pro Cycling
2010 – Planet X
2009 –
2007 –

</doc>
<doc id="30934708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934708" title="Iván Velázquez Caballero">
Iván Velázquez Caballero

Iván Velázquez Caballero (alias "El Talibán") is a former Mexican drug lord of the criminal group known as Los Zetas. The government of Mexico listed Velázquez Caballero in 2009 as one of its 37 most-wanted drug lords and was offering up to $30 million pesos, the equivalent of over $2.5 million USD, for information leading to his capture.
Since he was a teenager, Velázquez Caballero began stealing cars in Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas, his hometown. At the age of twenty-two, he was arrested for car theft and was imprisoned at a local jail. Upon his release, Velázquez Caballero met Heriberto Lazcano Lazcano and was appointed as the regional boss of the cartel in Nuevo Laredo. By 2007, Velázquez Caballero was relocated to the state of Zacatecas, where he commanded a group of over 400 men. He later ascended to the top echelons of Los Zetas and became a major financial operator and money launderer for the criminal organization. In 2012, he was served as a top commander in several states across Mexico.
Velázquez Caballero was arrested by the Mexican Navy on 26 September 2012 in the state of San Luis Potosí. Prior to his arrest, Los Zetas had divided and Velázquez Caballero's faction had been fighting against Miguel Treviño Morales, the leader of the organization, causing a series of massacres and shootings in northern Mexico.
Criminal career.
Velázquez Caballero was born on 10 February 1970 in the border city of Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas. During his childhood, he befriended Miguel Treviño Morales, who would later become the leader of Los Zetas and his fierce rival. Since he was 14 years old, Velázquez Caballero initiated his criminal career by stealing cars in Nuevo Laredo; at the age of 22, he was imprisoned at La Loma penitentiary for car theft, and eventually began to work for Heriberto Lazcano.
Upon his release from prison, he then became the regional boss of the cartel in Nuevo Laredo and was eventually sent to the state of Zacatecas in 2007, where he reportedly had around 400 men at his beck and call. Velázquez Caballero was also a top financial operator and money launderer for Los Zetas.
Unlike the original members of Los Zetas who joined the organization in the 1990s, Velázquez Caballero was not a former member of the Mexican Armed Forces. He is one of the few to rise to the leadership of the group that is not a military defector.
As Velázquez Caballero ascended in Los Zetas, he traded his code name "L-50" for the fearsome nickname "El Talibán," a likely reference the decapitation techniques practiced by Los Zetas and to the Islamist militant group based in Afghanistan, the Taliban.
Los Zetas infighting.
The infighting between two factions in the Los Zetas, one led by Heriberto Lazcano Lazcano, alias "El Lazca", and the other led by Miguel Treviño Morales, alias "Z-40", reportedly began in mid 2012. Security analysts, however, believe that Velázquez Caballero was working alongside Lazcano to kill Treviño Morales.
Amid the power struggle between the two Zeta leaders, Velázquez Caballero supposedly separated from Los Zetas and decided to join forces with the Knights Templar Cartel and Gulf Cartel, the Zeta's former allies, to put down Treviño Morales, whom they deemed as a traitor. Since late 2011, Velázquez Caballero had announced his discontent for Treviño Morales through a series of public banners left behind in several parts of northeastern Mexico and by uploading several videos on YouTube, where he accused him of setting up the arrests or deaths of his own men.
San Luis Potosí massacre.
The Mexican police found 14 dead bodies stuffed inside a SUV on 9 August 2012 along a highway in the city of San Luis Potosí. The massacre bore all signs of organized crime, but it was not immediately clear which drug group was responsible for the attack. This massacre was the sixth time in recent months that the cartels had dumped fourteen bodies in Mexico, suggesting that the number 14 is a secret code among the cartels. The number "14" may possibly be a reference to Z-14, a popular deceased commander of Los Zetas named Efraín Teodoro Torres, or to the fourteen original founders.
Initial reports attributed the attack to the Gulf Cartel and other drug gangs united against Los Zetas; nonetheless, the Mexican authorities concluded that the wave of violence San Luis Potosí in August 2012 was due to a feud between rival groups within Los Zetas. Reportedly, the fourteen bodies dumped were members of the Coahuila-based faction led by Velázquez Caballero ("Z-50" or "El Talibán"), one of the leaders of the organization. They had been killed by a hit squad working for Miguel Treviño Morales ("Z-40"), another high-ranking leader in the cartel.
One of the victims managed to survive the attack by faking his death and letting the attackers pile him with the other bodies. He then fled the scene when the assassins were distracted and notified that authorities of the mass killing; reportedly, the man told the authorities that the alliance between "El Talibán" and "Z-40" was over. It was later confirmed that the massacre was triggered after Velázquez Caballero's desire to leave Los Zetas and form an alliance with the Gulf Cartel to backlash Treviño Morales' faction.
Édgar Morales Pérez, the mayor-elect of a small town in San Luis Potosí, was killed during the raging infighting in Los Zetas.
Nuevo Laredo massacre.
Just after the arrest of the Gulf Cartel leader Jorge Eduardo Costilla Sánchez, 9 bodies were found dead in Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas on 15 September 2012, raising the number of homicides by violent acts to 63 in the city in only eight days. A federal source speaking on the condition of anonymity said that a message was left at the scene of the massacre, but the authorities did not disclose its content. Reportedly, Velázquez Caballero had tried to seize the operatives and drug distribution sites of Miguel Treviño Morales in the border city of Nuevo Laredo by attacking his assets.
Bounty.
Along with other drug lords, Velázquez Caballero was placed on the list of Mexico's 37 most-wanted drug lords in 2009, with a $30 million pesos reward ($2.3 million USD) for information that led to his capture. He was wanted by the Mexican government for organized crime, drug trafficking, and money laundering. In addition to these charges, Velázquez Caballero is responsible for ordering assassinations across the border in Laredo, Texas.
Velázquez Caballero has several aliases, including but not limited to: "El Talibán", "L-50", and "Z-50".
Kingpin Act sanction.
On 24 March 2010, the United States Department of the Treasury sanctioned Velázquez Caballero under the Foreign Narcotics Kingpin Designation Act (sometimes referred to simply as the "Kingpin Act"), for his involvement in drug trafficking along with fifty-three other international criminals and ten foreign entities. The act prohibited U.S. citizens and companies from doing any kind of business activity with him, and virtually froze all his assets in the U.S.
Arrest.
The Mexican Navy, with the collaborated intelligence effort of the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA), arrested Velázquez Caballero on 26 September 2012 in the Mexican capital city of San Luis Potosí without firing a single bullet. He was arrested with two other men, and the Mexican marines confiscated a couple of cars, 12 kilograms of marijuana, several guns and grenades, and $20,000 in cash. The following day, he was paraded in front of cameras, handcuffed, wearing a bullet-proof vest, and escorted by masked marines carrying assault rifles. Stacks of cash, weapons, and seized narcotics were displayed on a table in front of him, where reporters took pictures of the drug lord. He stood there with a "stern-faced" as the Navy accused him of several charges.
According to initial reports issued by the Navy, Velázquez Caballero had controlled the operations of the cartel in the city of Monterrey in northern Mexico and worked as leader of Los Zetas in the states of San Luis Potosí, Zacatecas, Aguascalientes, Guanajuato, and Nuevo León.
During his interrogation, he admitted that his income was around $30 million a month, although 70% of it went to "operation expenses" and as payments for policemen, equipment and food, and members of his organization.
Velázquez Caballero was the third major drug trafficker arrested on September 2012 in Mexico; early that month, Mario Cárdenas Guillén and Jorge Eduardo Costilla Sánchez, two leaders of the Gulf Cartel, were arrested in separate incidents after their two factions were fighting for control.
Velázquez Caballero was extradited to the United States and made his initial court appearance in Laredo, Texas on the morning of November 22, 2013.
Theoretical aftermaths.
According to InSight Crime, the timing of Velázquez Caballero's arrest suggests that he was probably set up. One likely informant behind the arrest is Costilla Sánchez, who was arrested two weeks before him and was probably collaborating with the authorities by giving them information. He could have also been betrayed by his own men, who for whatever reason might have decided that they were more willing to line back behind Miguel Treviño Morales.
A clear benefactor for this arrest is Treviño Morales, mainly because Heriberto Lazcano Lazcano does not appear to be taking an active role in the Zeta's struggle for leadership, and has been spending some of his time overseas and in Central America. Nonetheless, Velázquez Caballero's arrest and Lazcano's absence does not signify a clear road for Treviño Morales; so far in 2012, two of his family members − a brother and a nephew − have been arrested. InSight Crime alleges that the arrest will only make Treviño Morales more suspicious of his own commanders and probably herald violence in the future. In addition, Velázquez Caballero's apprehension will probably do very little to stop Los Zetas from breaking apart, and may serve as a foreshadowing for the future of the organization: local and "orphan" Zeta cells will break away from their leaders and start working independently, regardless of their leaders' permission.
Many security experts have theorized that this capture can allow Joaquín "El Chapo" Guzmán of the Sinaloa Cartel to support the Gulf Cartel and gain access to Matamoros, Tamaulipas, a lucrative smuggling route. With the split in Los Zetas, Guzmán Loera may be calculating if his organization is capable of erasing Los Zetas and the Gulf Cartel altogether in order to control larger parts of Tamaulipas. This move may be a "herculean task" for him, but since both the Gulf Cartel and Los Zetas are divided, "he can't complain about the good timing." In addition, if Velázquez Caballero had a number of gunmen under his command, the arrest can mark the beginning of an upsurge in violence, since they arrested the leader and not his subordinates. Nevertheless, it is still unclear how many went with him when he decided to switch alliances and join the Gulf Cartel. It is also unclear how strong and organized the faction is to put up someone to take up the hierarchy. The future for Tamaulipas' criminal underworld is at stake; Velázquez Caballero's arrest may increase the violence in northeastern Mexico, but it can also alleviate if Los Zetas are able to appoint someone to take the lead quickly, or if "El Chapo" decides to move into Tamaulipas.
Extradition.
Velázquez Caballero was extradited to the United States and made his initial court appearance in Laredo, Texas on the morning of November 22, 2013. On 28 November, he pleaded not guilty to the drug trafficking and money laundering charges. The case was transferred to McAllen, Texas and he appeared before U.S. District Court Judge Micaela Alvarez there on 6 March 2014 for a status hearing. He is expected to re-appear in court in McAllen on 7 April 2014 to either plead guilty for drug trafficking charges or go to trial. If convicted, Velázquez Caballero may face life imprisonment. A large contingency of law enforcement officers from the U.S. Marshals and the McAllen Police Department surveillance the area while the hearing took place. He appeared again in court on 7 April 2014 in McAllen where he pleaded guilty to drug trafficking and money laundering offenses.
Family.
Mauricio Ramírez Támez, the brother-in-law of Velázquez Caballero, was a cartel boss of the Gulf Cartel but had previously served as a member of Los Zetas. "El Diamante" ('The Diamond'), as he was known, was arrested on 12 October 2012 by the Mexican Navy in Reynosa, Tamaulipas.

</doc>
<doc id="30934718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934718" title="Charles Berkeley, 2nd Viscount Fitzhardinge">
Charles Berkeley, 2nd Viscount Fitzhardinge

Charles Berkeley, 2nd Viscount Fitzhardinge (14 December 1599 – 12 June 1668) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1621 and 1668. He supported the Royalist cause in the English Civil War. He succeeded by special remainder to the peerage of his son who predeceased him.
Berkeley was the son of Sir Maurice Berkeley of Bruton, Somerset and his wife Elizabeth Killigrew daughter of Sir Henry Killigrew of Hanworth, Middlesex. He was educated at Eton College in 1613 and matriculated at Queen’s College, Oxford on 3 November 1615 aged 15.
In 1621 Berkeley was elected Member of Parliament (MP) for Somerset. He was knighted in 1623. He was elected MP for Bodmin in 1624 and for Heytesbury in 1625, 1626 and 1628. He sat until 1629 when King Charles decided to rule without parliament for eleven years. >
In April 1640, Berkeley was elected MP for Bath in the Short Parliament. He helped to organize the local resistance to ship-money, but was a Royalist during the Civil War executing a Commission of Array in 1642.
Following the Restoration, Berkeley was elected MP for Heytesbury and Bath in 1661 for the Cavalier Parliament. He was involved in a double returns in both seats but was returned at a by-election for Heytesbury after the election had been declared void and sat until his death.
Before his death Berkeley succeeded, by special remainder to the title Viscount Fitzhardinge on the death of his second son Charles who was killed at the Battle of Lowestoft, a naval engagement with the Dutch, on 3 June 1665. Berkeley died of apoplexy at the age of 68 and was buried at Bruton.
Berkeley married Penelope Godolphin daughter of Sir William Godolphin of Godolphin, Cornwall and had four sons. He was succeeded in the viscountcy by his eldest son Maurice. His third son, William, became an admiral in the Royal Navy and was also killed fighting the Dutch, in the Four Days' Battle in 1666. Berkeley's brother John was a Royalist soldier and his brother William served as royal governor of the colony of Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="30934751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934751" title="Time Out 100 best British films">
Time Out 100 best British films

In February 2011 "Time Out" surveyed 150 film industry experts to produce its list of "The 100 best British films." Nicolas Roeg's "Don't Look Now" topped the list.

</doc>
<doc id="30934752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934752" title="Carmarthen Public Rooms">
Carmarthen Public Rooms

The Carmarthen Public Rooms were built in 1854, with the intention to create public rooms were first expressed by Dr David Lloyd in 1839.
Commonly referred to as the "Assembly Rooms" the building was designed by James Wilson (architect) of Bath on the site of the Scurlock family town house, where Sir Richard Steele, founder of The Spectator, died in 1729. The site was occupied by The Ivy Bush inn until c1801, and was then premises of the Timmins family, timber merchants. 
The Assembly Rooms had a 5-bay, 2-storey Italianate stucco facade with balustraded parapet, cornice, arched first floor windows between paired pilasters, and channelled ground floor with recessed sash windows and centre door.
In 1918 an article appeared in the Carmarthen Journal stating that in future the Carmarthen 'Assembly Rooms' were to be called 'The Lyric'.
The Lyric is a theatre and cinema, and was recently refurbished.

</doc>
<doc id="30934888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934888" title="Djordje Despotović">
Djordje Despotović

Đorđe Despotović (Serbian Cyrillic: Ђорђе Деспотовић; born 4 March 1992 in Loznica, FR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian footballer who is currently playing for Serbian Super Liga club Red Star Belgrade as a centre forward.

</doc>
<doc id="30934943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934943" title="Fluorescence (album)">
Fluorescence (album)

Fluorescence is the fourth studio album by New York-based shoegazing band Asobi Seksu. It was released on February 14, 2011. It was released on vinyl through Polyvinyl Record Co., and a limited-edition pink marble vinyl pressing was available for the first 1500 purchases.

</doc>
<doc id="30934964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30934964" title="Boukha">
Boukha

Boukha (بوخة) is a distilled beverage produced from figs. It originated in Tunisia, where most of it is still produced. Its name means 'alcohol vapor' in Judeo-Tunisian Arabic dialect. It is obtained by simple distillation of Mediterranean figs. Its alcohol percentage ranges between 36 and 40 percent.
Boukha can be consumed straight at room temperature or cold, or serve as the basis for many cocktails and for fruit salad.

</doc>
<doc id="30935029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935029" title="Imperial f.f.r.r.">
Imperial f.f.r.r.

Imperial f.f.r.r. is the fourth album released by Washington, D.C. Indie band Unrest

</doc>
<doc id="30935057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935057" title="List of compounds with carbon number 12">
List of compounds with carbon number 12


</doc>
<doc id="30935060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935060" title="Homeless Vulnerability Index">
Homeless Vulnerability Index

"This article is about the Vulnerability Index used in homeless enumeration counts worldwide. For other uses, see" Vulnerability index.
The Vulnerability Index is a survey and analysis methodology for "identifying and prioritizing the street homeless population for housing according to the fragility of their health." It is a pragmatic methodology based on concern and inquiry into the reasons for recurring fatalities of homeless living in the outdoor urban context. It was developed by Dr. Jim O'Connell of Boston’s
Healthcare for the Homeless organization.
According to its proponents, his work succeeded in pinpointing the health problems that led to homeless persons being "most at risk for dying on the street". He lists eight conditions, in medical terminology called "markers". According to Common Ground, a national organization to house the homeless, 40% of the Boston mortality was attributable to those factors.
In its formulation as currently promulgated by Common Ground, the index includes these factors:
hospitalizations/emergency room visits in a year, age, HIV-AIDS, liver disease or kidney disease, history of frostbite, immersion foot, or hypothermia, and tri-morbidity. Tri-morbidity is co-occurring disorder (psychiatric, substance abuse) with a chronic medical condition.
A national drive is underway by Common Ground to piggy back data collection for the VI onto the bi-annual homeless enumeration count mandated for communities participating in the Continuum of Care grant program of the US Department of Housing and Urban Development. Its proponents contend that such demand side data will assist in placements and getting needy individuals off the street, whereas critics argue that it is intrusive and not likely to lead to increased supply of housing.
The Vulnerability Index has been used outside of the north eastern United States. Cities include Charlotte, North Carolina, Albuquerque,New Mexico, Santa Monica, California. Los Angeles, California, Santa Barbara, California and New Orleans, Louisiana. By June 2011, it had also been deployed in various cities in Australia.
Antecedent use of the concept.
A vulnerability index for the environmental concerns was developed by the South Pacific Applied Geoscience Commission (SOPAC) with the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP). They noted that the concept of vulnerability could be applied at to various "levels or issues." They specifically noted that it could be applied to "a single issue... or to assess a complex entity such as a country." In sociological research, a distinction is made between indexes and scales. The former often weights variables equally but in any case does not register patterns of data. A scale on the other hand presents a structure in which certain patterns of the variables tend to aggregate at one end of the scale and go together in ascending order. 
Earliest use.
Papers associated with Small independent developing societies research used the term "vulnerability index" long before its adoption by Dr. O'Connor. United Nations – DPCSD (1997). This took two forms; the term was used in combination with a qualifier. Examples are "environmental vulnerability index" and "Economic Vulnerability Index". However, the raw term "Vulnerability Index" appeared in an epinonymous background paper cited by Professor Lino Briguglio, University of Malta, an expert on "the development of indices for measuring the economic and environmental vulnerability of small island developing states".
Critique of the Index.
There are critics of the index that suggest that it is overly positivistic and reductivist - reducing the experience of homelessness by those persons to counts, numbers and statistics. Instead critics suggest more nuanced information from the disenfranchised and more varied perspectives on the homelessness issue be included in assessment of needs. For example feminists and qualitative input. The suggestion is that the research relies too heavily on "experts" and governmental organizations and think-tanks. The Ontario Coalition Against Poverty was openly critical of the homogenizing effects the survey could lead to as it was employed to shape homelessness services policies, leading to a reductive and overly simplistic approach to meeting this population's needs.
The index is also credited, erroneously perhaps, on reducing homelessness where we see comments like "The launch of the 100,000 Homes Campaign by Common Ground has since given communities across the country innovative new methods and tools to house our homeless neighbors. One such tool is the Vulnerability Index." The tool then is being conflated with an increase in the housing of the most vulnerable and chronically homeless persons. However, it is the use of the tool within the context of a model of Housing First that appears to be the vehicle that shapes the experience and perceptions of homeless persons by the outreach workers administering the VI and it is this change that further motivates those outreach workers to assist these homeless persons into housing proper. Accordingly the index itself it not the tool that moves persons out of homelessness it is their assessment of vulnerability taken into and within the model of housing first, brought to a systematized program of intake that values and makes that VI score a priority over other kinds of evidence that may or may not be included in that assessment. Evidence on how the VI could be contributing to changes in affective experience by outreach workers of homelessness persons risk assessment then needs documentation to verify that experiential profiling isn't leading to self-selection and lack of validity of the tool in its current application framework.

</doc>
<doc id="30935128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935128" title="Don Patterson (defensive back)">
Don Patterson (defensive back)

Don Patterson is a former professional American football player who played defensive back for two seasons for the Detroit Lions and New York Giants
His sons, Eric Patterson and Corey Patterson are both Major League Baseball outfielders. Eric plays in the Milwaukee Brewers organization and Corey plays in the New York Yankees organization.

</doc>
<doc id="30935136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935136" title="Borgoratto">
Borgoratto

Borgoratto may refer to 2 Italian municipalities:

</doc>
<doc id="30935154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935154" title="Corralitos Observatory">
Corralitos Observatory

Corralitos Observatory was an astronomical observatory located in the Rough and Ready Hills approximately west of Las Cruces, New Mexico. It was formally dedicated on October 12, 1965, serving as a remote station of Dearborn Observatory, Northwestern University. In October 1965, a NASA program to detect transient lunar phenomenon (TLP) was begun by the staff. Using two-person observer teams, a total of 6,466 man-hours of lunar observation was recorded. The program was run until 1972 but did not confirm any TLP. Using ninety-eight selected reports of TLPs received from amateurs during this period, 39 were checked from Corralitos Observatory. 
On October 22, 1966, a specialized Schmidt wide-angle camera was set up at the observatory. Sponsored by Chrysler, the telescope employed a aperture correction mirror and a spherical mirror with combined a focal length. It was built as a test model for a far ultraviolet camera intended for the Apollo spacecraft. This may have been the first operational camera of its type. Also in 1966, a optical diameter image orthicon system previously located at Organ Pass Station in the Organ Mountains east of Las Cruces was moved to Corralitos. It was replaced with a system in 1969. The observatory was mainly staffed by students of New Mexico State University.
During the 1970s, the first operational semi-automated supernovae search program was conducted at the observatory, using and Cassegrain telescopes. After the telescope was automatically computer pointed to a galaxy, it would allow visual comparison of a high-resolution monitor to a master picture, though photographed also. For difficult galaxies the high-resolution screen photograph negatives were checked within an hour and compared to a prior master set. Ten supernovae were found at Corralitos. On April 14, 1970, U.T. James and Mickey Gallivan, using the 0.6 m telescope, were believed to have been the only ones to have photographed the explosion of Apollo 13 as it was approaching the Moon. In 1971, a photograph of Apollo 14 separating from the S-IVB rocket was taken by Justus Dunlap from the observatory.
In 1973, the site included and Cassegrain telescopes equipped with storage tubes, remote readouts and image orthicon chains. The 0.6 m telescope had automated operation capability controlled by a computer. A Cassegrain was available for photometry, and the Chrysler Schmidt telescope was still available. By 1977, only the 0.6 m and 0.4 m telescopes were reported as operational.
In 1978 operations at the site were halted due to funding issues, and in 1981 the observatory was transferred to the Corralitos Astronomical Research Association (CARA).
As recently as 1997, the observatory was reported to be engaged in long-term photometric monitoring of faint Be stars. The CARA website had not been updated since 2001 prior to it being shut down in 2012, and there are no references to new observatory activities in the academic literature.

</doc>
<doc id="30935157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935157" title="Foxground, New South Wales">
Foxground, New South Wales

Foxground is a locality in the Municipality of Kiama, in the Illawarra region of New South Wales, Australia. It is located two kilometres from the Princes Highway, 10 kilometres south west of Kiama. Broughton Creek flows through the valley.
The name "Foxground" is derived from the once abundant Grey-headed Flying Foxes. Foxground was originally known as "The Flying Foxes Camping Ground". The indigenous people of this area are from the Wadi Wadi and Yuin tribes. The first white men to explore the valley were likely to be Cedar cutters in the 1820s or possibly earlier. As early as 1814, cedar cutters explored the area around nearby Gerringong. In 1890 explosions were detonated in an attempt to remove the Flying Foxes.
After clearing of the rainforest, the area was used mostly for dairy farms. The first white settler was John Blow. His original house was built from split timber slabs, with a bark roof. However, as his circumstances improved, he built a new home, "Willow Glen" which still stands today.
An attractive rural valley; now without the shops, school, churches, or the combined milk depot/post office of the past. The school closed in 1950. The Church of England structure was built in 1873, and destroyed by fire in 1954. A Wesleyan church was built in 1861, and sold in 1901.
The relatively fertile soils and generous rainfall produced high quality sub-tropical rainforest in the area. Significant species include Australian Red Cedar, Camphorwood, Yellow Ash, Deciduous Fig, and Illawarra Plum. The rare Socketwood occurs here in private property. Average annual rainfall at nearby Kiama is 1,256 mm. However, in 1950 Foxground received 4,263 mm, one of the highest annual rainfalls ever recorded in New South Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="30935165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935165" title="Augustin Petrechei">
Augustin Petrechei

Augustin Simion Petrechei (born Constanța, 4 August 1980) is a Romanian rugby union player. He plays as a lock.
Petrechei has been playing in France for USA Perpignan (2004/05), AS Béziers Hérault (2005/06-2008/09), US Marmande (2009/10) and for CA Périgueux, since 2010/11.
Petrechei had 21 caps for Romania, from 2002 to 2009, scoring 2 tries, 10 points on aggregate. Petrechei first game was at 7 September 2002, in a 39-8 loss to Ireland, in Limerick, in a friendly match. He was called for the 2003 Rugby World Cup, playing in three games and scoring a try. He would be called once again to the 2007 Rugby World Cup, but he never played. His most recent game was at 28 November 2009, in the 28-19 loss to Fiji, in Bucharest, in a tour friendly.

</doc>
<doc id="30935169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935169" title="Paul Baras">
Paul Baras

Paul Baras (May 14, 1870 - November 6, 1941) was a road racing cyclist and racing driver from France. He competed in several early Grand Prix motor races, and held the world land speed record between November 1904 and January 1905.
Born in Orchies, France, Baras originally competed in cycling events including placing third in the 1894 Grand Prix de Paris Sprint. He switched to racing cars, initially in hill-climbs.
Baras set the world land speed record on November 13, 1904. Driving a Darracq 100 hp, he completed the flying kilometer in twenty-one and two-fifths of a second to give an average speed of .
In 1906, he participated in the inaugural French Grand Prix, and led the early stages of the race. He eventually finished seventh, although he also had the fastest lap of the race. The following year, he finished third in the French Grand Prix. In 1908 he retired after three laps of the race.

</doc>
<doc id="30935174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935174" title="Gary Wilkins">
Gary Wilkins

Gary Wilkins is a former professional American football player who played tight end for six seasons for the Buffalo Bills and Atlanta Falcons

</doc>
<doc id="30935192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935192" title="Alligator wrestling">
Alligator wrestling

Alligator wrestling is an attraction, that later evolved into a sport, that began as a hunting expedition for Native Americans. It has been described as "alligator capturing techniques".
Native American historical origins.
Southeastern Native Americans hunted alligators as a food source for thousands of years. At the turn of the 20th century, showing off alligators as roadside attractions helped Native Americans generate revenue. Long before the first Europeans explorers wandered into the Florida Everglades, alligator wrestling existed. For tribes like the Seminole and Miccosukee, learning how to "handle" the reptiles was part of their existence.
Modern Times.
Alligator Wrestling in Florida.
A common symbol of Florida in popular culture is the American alligator (Alligator mississippiensis). Alligators, also known colloquially as "gators,” are part of Florida’s popular culture ranging from tourist attractions and alligator wrestlers to postcards and team mascots such as the University of Florida. The St. Augustine Alligator Farm was one of Florida’s earliest themed tourist attractions that opened for business in 1893. At the St. Augustine Alligator Farm and other tourist attractions such as Gatorland and the Silver Springs Nature Park, “taming” or hypnotizing alligators was a popular trick, along with other performances such as alligator wrestling.

</doc>
<doc id="30935211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935211" title="Jack Rudolph (American football)">
Jack Rudolph (American football)

Jack Rudolph was an American collegiate and Professional Football player who played linebacker for six seasons in the American Football League, first for the Boston Patriots and then for the Miami Dolphins. Rudolph was an original Boston Patriot, and an original Miami Dolphin.
Also See.
Other American Football League players

</doc>
<doc id="30935224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935224" title="Mehmet Akyüz">
Mehmet Akyüz

Mehmet Akyüz (born 2 January 1986) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a forward for Akhisar Belediyespor in the Süper Lig.

</doc>
<doc id="30935231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935231" title="Dave Simmons (linebacker, born 1943)">
Dave Simmons (linebacker, born 1943)

Dave Simmons was a professional American football player who played linebacker for four seasons for the St. Louis Cardinals, New Orleans Saints, and Dallas Cowboys.

</doc>
<doc id="30935243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935243" title="Morocco Tennis Tour – Casablanca">
Morocco Tennis Tour – Casablanca

The Morocco Tennis Tour – Casablanca is a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor red clay courts. It is currently part of the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) Challenger Tour. It is held annually in Casablanca, Morocco, since 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="30935253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935253" title="Martin Doležal (footballer born 1990)">
Martin Doležal (footballer born 1990)

Martin Doležal (born 3 May 1990) is a Czech football forward who currently plays for the Gambrinus liga club Sigma Olomouc.

</doc>
<doc id="30935284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935284" title="Jurien de la Gravière">
Jurien de la Gravière

The Juriens de la Gravière were a French family of magistrates originating in Riom, Auvergne.
Ship class:

</doc>
<doc id="30935306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935306" title="Ed Nutting">
Ed Nutting

Ed Nutting was a professional National Football League player who played offensive lineman for two seasons for the Cleveland Browns and Dallas Cowboys.

</doc>
<doc id="30935329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935329" title="Family Portrait (MESSENGER)">
Family Portrait (MESSENGER)

The Solar System Family Portrait is an image of the Solar System acquired by MESSENGER during November 2010 from approximately the orbit of Mercury. The mosaic is intended to be complementary to the "Voyager Family Portrait" acquired from the outer edge of the solar system on February 14, 1990.
The portrait was constructed using 34 individual frames acquired using the Mercury Dual Imaging System, targeting areas surrounding each planet. The first series of images were acquired on November 3, 2010, and the second on November 16.
Six planets are visible in the mosaic. From left to right: Venus, Earth, Jupiter, Mars, Mercury, and Saturn. Uranus and Neptune were too small to resolve at this distance (3.0-billion and 4.4-billion kilometers respectively). Careful effort was taken to avoid facing the camera toward the Sun due to the intense heat at close distance.
Several moons are visible in the photo, including the Earth's Moon, and all four Galilean moons: Callisto, Ganymede, Europa, and Io. Additionally, part of the Milky Way is visible between Neptune and Mars.
Because MESSENGER does not follow the same orbital plane as the Earth, the cameras on the spacecraft had to point up and down from the ecliptic to capture all of the planets. This resulted in a curved mosaic.

</doc>
<doc id="30935344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935344" title="Dave Watson (American football)">
Dave Watson (American football)

Carl David Watson (born September 8, 1941) is a former a professional American football player who played offensive lineman for two seasons for the Boston Patriots.
Watson is considered one of the best athletes in the history of Eufaula High School where he starred for the Tigers in football and basketball (1954-1958). He played under legendary Eufaula High coaches A. W. "Bill" Buchanan in football (the Tigers record was 27-9 during Watson's playing career at Eufaula) and basketball under Jack Powell where he played on a district championship team during his senior year. Watson was a two time All-State selection in high school, as a two-way lineman, and was a three time All-SEC performer at Georgia Tech (1960-1963). He was chosen AP lineman of the week in 1961 for his outstanding play against Duke University. In the game he recorded 12 individual tackles, numerous assists, and a fumble recovery while playing on both sides of the ball. Watson was chosen Most Valuable Lineman in the 1962-1963 Hula Bowl college all-star game and is a member of the All Time Gator Bowl team.
In 1962, Watson played in one of Georgia Tech's biggest wins in their storied football history. The Bobby Dodd coached Jackets upset Bear Bryant's Alabama Crimson Tide, in Atlanta, on November 14 of that year. The Tide was ranked #1 in the country and led by All-America quarterback Joe Namath. The 7-6 Jackets' victory gave Alabama its only loss of the year and ended the Tide's quest for a second straight national championship in what many Tech fans consider the greatest game ever played at Historic Grant Field.
He went on to play professional football with the Boston Patriots in the old American Football League (1963-1964) and the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League (1965). He is a member of the Wiregrass Sports Hall of Fame (the Wiregrass is a region in southeast Alabama, southwest Georgia, and northwest Florida that is known as the peanut growing capital of the world).
After his playing career ended he returned to Georgia Tech and earned a Master's Degree in Electrical Engineering. He is currently retired and living near Pine Mountain, Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="30935359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935359" title="Ray Weinberg">
Ray Weinberg

Raymond ("Ray") Henry Weinberg AM (born 1926 in the country town of Alexandra, Victoria) is a former Australian athlete and coach. He was one of Australia's finest hurdlers, being ranked in the Top 8 in the world for 4 years; an Olympic finalist; in 1952 having the fastest time in the world for 220 yards hurdles; and holding the national 110 metres hurdles record for 20 years. He also held the Victorian record in the decathlon. In addition, he created, designed and had manufactured, the first Australian Olympic lapel pin.
Early life and family.
He attended Trinity Grammar School, where he was Captain of the School in 1944, as well as Captain of Football, Captain of Athletics, Captain of Swimming, Captain of Shooting and Captain of Lacrosse. He tried out with Victorian Football League club, Carlton but was convinced by his father to concentrate on athletics.
He married Shirley Ogle, Victorian state sprint champion and record holder. After they were married, they moved to Victorian country town Kerang, 200 kilometres north-west of Melbourne where he ran his parents' hotel, The Commercial Hotel, for over 20 years. This move necessitated training by himself, usually at the local Kerang airport (KRA) after closing the bar at his hotel. Weekend competition meant a 400+ kilometre round trip to Olympic Park in Melbourne.
He and Shirley have three children.
Athletic career.
From the 1947-48 season to 1952-53 season, Weinberg won 5 National 120 yards hurdles championships, and in both 1946-47 and 1948-49 was second. In February 1952 he set the Australian Record for the 120 yards hurdles of 14.0 seconds, which stood until March 1972 when Mal Baird broke it, running 13.8 seconds. He held the Australian 120 yards and 110 metres Hurdles records on four separate occasions.
From the 1948-49 season to 1952-53, he won the National 220 yards hurdles championships twice ( 1950-51 24.0 seconds and 1951-52 23.8 seconds ) and was second in two other years. In 1952, he held the fastest time in the world that year for the 220 yards hurdles. And was ranked in the Top 10 in the World over 110 metres hurdles in 1950 (6th), 1951 (8th), 1952 (6th) and 1953 (7th).
Weinberg was chosen to compete in the Australian Olympic Team for the 1948 Summer Olympic Games in London. He was ranked 23rd choice overall of athletes chosen by all sports, and sixth in the athletic team. The trip from Sydney to London was a five day flight with each evening spent on the ground. 
He made the semi final finishing 5th, just out of a qualifying place for the final, the winners running an Olympic Record time.
His trip home was on the "S.S. Orantes", and shared the voyage with the returning Bradman's Invincibles.
He was chosen in the Australian team to compete at the 1950 Commonwealth Games in Auckland where he finished second in 14.4 seconds to Australian Peter Gardner who ran a Games Record 14.3 seconds.
Weinberg was again chosen to represent Australia, this time at the 1952 Summer Olympic Games in Helsinki, in his specialty, the 110 metres Hurdles, and also the 4 x 100 metre relay, the 4 x 400 metre relay and the decathlon. He limited his efforts to the hurdles and relay duties, deciding that also competing in the decathlon, where he was the Victorian Recordholder, was too big a programme.
In the semi-finals of the 110 metres hurdles, he drew Lane 6 which was where the rain water from the grandstand's cantilever roof emptied, making the lane soggy and treacherous. He made the final and unfortunately drew Lane 6 again. He started well with the fancied Americans, but "murdered" the first hurdle and finished 6th. The next Australian male to make an Olympic 110 metres Hurdles Final was Kyle Vander Kuyp at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, 44 years later.
As part of the lead-up to the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki, he competed in the British A.A.A. Championships and won the 120 yards hurdles in British All-comers Record of 14.4 seconds. This stood as the best time for the Championships for 6 years. He was presented with his trophy by Queen Elizabeth.
Competing in his third Olympic Games was not to be. In 1956 his home base of Melbourne was to host the XVI Summer Olympics, however he was suffering from a debilitating eye complaint which required both his eyes to be bandaged - not ideal for a 110m. hurdler.
Olympic Games results.
Selection of Australian Olympic Games teams for the 1948 and 1952 Summer Olympics was, initially, based on a ranking per Olympic sport of its potentially most successful athletes. From there the Australian Olympic Federation ( AOF ) collated the sports' rankings and then made an overall ranking, rather than by sport, of the potentially most successful athletes. For instance, in 1948, Joyce King and Shirley Strickland ( both from athletics) were ranked 1st. and 2nd. of all athletes from all the sports that were presented to the AOF. Unlike selection for current Australian Olympic teams, the AOF announced that it could fund a specific number of athletes per its ranking assessment and, those ranked lower than this cut-off, would have to raise the funds to send the next ranked athlete and so on. . Of the 29 swimmers and 10 water polo players nominated by Australian Swimming Union, just four would have their fares paid, unless they could raise the necessary funds themselves. The financially strapped AOF decided that the 1948 Olympic team would return steerage class by steamer rather than by airplane - a fare of £69 compared to £375 by air.
Coaching career.
Work commitments limited his coaching to more of a sought-after "technique consultant" to many of Australia's top hurdlers during the 1960s and 1970s. When time allowed he would also giving technique coaching to young athletes and at schools, all for free.
He was appointed Coach of the Australian Athletics Team for the 1968 Summer Olympics at Mexico City, a 25 person team who won 7 medals between them. On the death of the Athletics Team manager, Jim Howlin, Weinberg also took over management of the team, which was in Mexico City for 6 weeks to acclimatise to the high altitude.
Weinberg's team included Gold Medalists Ralph Doubell and Maureen Caird. He was also involved in the aftermath of Black Power salute during the medal ceremony for the Men's 200 metres where Australian, Peter Norman had run second.
From his performance as Coach, and also taking on the Team Manager's role, at the 1968 Summer Olympics it seemed that Weinberg would definitely be named as Coach for the 1972 Summer Olympics. As Australian Coach of the 1970 Pacific Conference Games team, his qualifications were even strengthened, and it was a major shock when interstate politics between the various state athletic associations stymied his selection.
Media career.
His media career began with ATV-0, now ATV-10 part of The TEN Network Australia where he was a commentator on the TV station's coverage of the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo. This led to being part of ATV-10's live-to-air sports show and then a position in advertising sales.
He moved from advertising sales to media planning and buying and joined multinational advertising agency Masius and from there successfully had other agency and media roles.
In 1980, he joined The Seven Network's commentary team to cover the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow. These games were very controversial, as the U.S. and some other countries had joined in an Olympic boycott in protest at the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan. There was public and political pressure for Australia to join the Olympic boycott and so Seven's coverage was more limited than it may have been otherwise. This meant commentators doubling-up on events and sports that may not have been their areas of expertise, so he commentated on weightlifting as well as athletics.
Awards and recognition.
On 12 June 2005, in the Queen's Birthday Honours List, he was made a Member (AM) of the Order of Australia, for "services to athletics through administrative roles, and as a competitor". The Honour was presented by his former team mate and lifelong friend, John Landy, the then Governor of Victoria.
He was also honoured by Athletics Australia as a Life Member.
First Australian Olympic lapel pin.
When Weinberg was a competitor in the 1948 Summer Olympics it was very apparent that the Australian team was "under-outfitted" in many ways, compared to other countries' teams. Many other teams had special national Olympic team lapel pins, which were all the rage and became almost "currency" during the Games, and with collectors thereafter.
Fortunate enough to be chosen to represent his country at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki, he used the experience he had gained, and created, designed and had manufactured, the first Australian Olympic lapel pin. His design of kangaroo, above the word "Australia", and the Olympic rings, has been copied by numerous Australian Olympic teams that have followed.

</doc>
<doc id="30935364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935364" title="Meana">
Meana

Meana may refer to 2 Italian municipalities:

</doc>
<doc id="30935370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935370" title="León Arslanián">
León Arslanián

León Arslanián (born November 30, 1941) is an Argentine lawyer, jurist and public official who notably served as Chief Justice in the tribunal that presided over the 1985 Trial of the Juntas.
Life and times.
León Carlos Arslanián was born in Buenos Aires. His father was an Armenian Argentine tailor who emigrated from Aintab (today Gaziantep), in 1917. He enrolled at the Colegio Nacional de Buenos Aires and later at the University of Buenos Aires, where he earned a Law Degree. 
Arslanián was appointed to the National Criminal Court of Appeals in 1984 by the newly inaugurated government of President Raúl Alfonsín, and in this capacity, he served in the panel of judges overseeing the historic 1985 Trial of the Juntas, presiding over the sentencing phase that concluded on December 9.
He resigned his post in the National Criminal Court of Appeals in 1988, and joined fellow tribunal judge Jorge Torlasco in a private law practice. President Carlos Menem appointed Arslanián Minister of Justice on January 30, 1991. Arslanián succeeded in having the nation's penal code reformed to mandate oral testimony in all criminal trials, and enacted the creation of a Court of Cassation for the purpose. President Menem's appointment of two conservative figures to the new tribunal raised objections by Arslanián, however, and the Justice Minister resigned on September 6, 1992. 
He was designated President of the Province of Buenos Aires Crime Prevention Institute on February 11, 1998, and on April 13, accepted the post as provincial Minister of Justice and Security from Governor Eduardo Duhalde. 
Arslanián proposed gun control measures, enacted stricter guidelines against police misconduct and streamlined criminal court proceedings, to which he attributed speedier rulings and a decline in crime rates in the province's coastal tourism hub, for example. His advocacy of secondary crime prevention policies centered around a more robust social policy. This stance, however, coincided with increased voter anxiety surrounding rising crime rates, as well as higher poll numbers for right-wing Unidád Bonaerense candidate Luis Patti. Governor Duhalde supported the Justice Minister and his policy; but following repeated criticism by the frontrunner, Justicialist Party gubernatorial candidate Carlos Ruckauf, Arslanián resigned on August 5. Ruckauf was elected governor and appointed far-right former "Carapintadas" mutineer Aldo Rico as Arslanián's successor.
He returned to public service in April 2004, when Buenos Aires Governor Felipe Solá named him Minister of Security. He established a 9-1-1 emergency dialing system, and moved to delegate Provincial Police powers to a number of auxiliary departments. Ongoing reports of police corruption prompted the Minister's dismissal of up to 5,000 officers; but budgeting restrictions limited the formation of the new auxiliary forces. Arrests rose by 91% during Arslanián's tenure despite these problems; but opposition figures reiterated claims that he was "soft on crime" as elections approached in 2007, deriding Arslanián as the "Minister of Insecurity." He stepped down from the post in December and returned to private practice.
He joined the Democratic Security Agreement (ASD), an progressive advocacy group dealing with crime prevention, and in 2010 presented a proposal to the Argentine Chamber of Deputies for the creation of a Crime Observation Office to better quantify and examine crime trends and causes in Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="30935373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935373" title="Syracuse and East Side Street Railway">
Syracuse and East Side Street Railway

The Syracuse and East Side Street Railway, an interurban rail in Syracuse, New York, was chartered on August 25, 1894, and was a successor to the Syracuse, Eastwood Heights and DeWitt Railroad Company. The company was also known as the Syracuse and East Side Railroad. 
The company went bankrupt and was placed in receivership on May 11, 1898, and on December 29, 1898, the property was purchased by the bondholders. The East Side Traction Company was chartered on January 14, 1899 after a reorganization. 
History.
Franchises were granted for the Eastwood Height's Company on August 27, 1894, and the East Side Railway Company was incorporated three days later after articles of incorporation were filed with the City Clerk in Syracuse for organization of the street railroad. On February 16, 1895, the Syracuse and East Side Railway was opened. The capital of the new company was $200,000, divided into 2,000 shares of $100 each.
This was a "revival" of the old project for a railway connection between the center of Syracuse and East Syracuse. 
In July 1895, the railway was purchased by the Syracuse Street Railroad Company but was not operated until 1897. In that year, the Syracuse Rapid Transit Railway Company leased this road for 22 years, with guaranteed five percent interest on bonds and five percent interest on the preferred stock.
Routes.
In August 1894, the route began at the corner of Burnet Avenue and Pear Street where the DeWitt line proper began. From there it traveled to Vann Street, Teall Avenue, Robinson Street, Sherwood Avenue, Pattison Street, Walnut Street, Sedgwick Street and a piece of private property, Elm Street, Henderson Street, Oak Street, Burnet Avenue, Townsend Street, Grape Street, East Water Street and Warren Street.
The next portion of the line was planned from the intersection of Pear Street and Burnet Avenue on the line from the city to East Syracuse along Burnet Avenue to Massachusetts Street, Jay Avenue, Boston, Thompson, to the Messina plank road and on to Manlius Street to East Syracuse.
The Elm Street, rail contract was held by the company.
Financial.
Most of the stockholders and officers of the new company in 1894 were creditors of the old Syracuse, Eastwood Heights and DeWitt Railroad Company.
At the end of June 1897, total earnings were $6,674 and had decreased to $882 by 1898. The company had a total deficit of $35,765 that same year. The first mortgage for $250,000 was dated on November 1, 1864, and was due in 1919. Municipal franchises granted in 1890 and in 1891 were renewed in 1895 for 50 years. Capital stock outstanding was $250,000 and total assets was $561,205.
In June 1897, passengers carried totaled 653,624 and by June 1898, the number had declined to 68,627.
Operations.
The railway had of electric track. Rolling stock consisted of 12 motor cars and 2 rail cars, 400 H. P. engines and 300 H. P. dynamos. The company also owned Allis engines and General Electric dynamos and motors, American cars and Peckham trucks.
Company management.
When the company was established in August 1894, officers were George B. Leonard, Frederick R. Hazard, Clifford D. Beebe, Hendrick G. Holden, William Nottingham, John L. Kyne, Willis A. Holden, Jay B. Kline, all of Syracuse and David Botherson of Dansville, New York.
Directors of the company at the end of 1898 were Paul T. Brady, T. H. Conderman, Robert E. Drake, Edwin H. Lozier, G. E. Herrick, H. S. Newton, William Nottingham, W. W. Hazzard and G. B. Leonard.
Company officers were president, Paul T. Brady; vice-president, T. H. Conderman; secretary, Robert E. Drake; and treasurer and secretary and general manager, E. B. Lozier. The receivers were George D. Chapman and Matthew J. Myers and the receiver's office was located at 105 South Warren Street in Syracuse, New York.
Bankruptcy.
The company passed into the hands of George D. Chapman and Mathew J. Myers, as receivers for creditors, on May 7, 1898. When the sale came it was to a reorganization committee for $30,000. The committee in turn, sold out to Clifford D. Beebe. The sale marked his entrance into "railroad life and the beginning of that power which was later known in suburban trolley extension as the Beebe Syndicate."
East Side Traction company.
The East Side Traction Company was chartered on January 14, 1899, as a reorganization of the Syracuse and East Side Street Railway Company. On March 8, 1898, the company was organized with capital stock of $200,000. The Beebe people agreed to part with their holdings in Syracuse Rapid Transit Railway which closed the deal to buy the East Side on July 22, 1899.
The Syracuse Rapid Transit Railway Company owned the capital stock and operated the property of the company.

</doc>
<doc id="30935385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935385" title="Kevin Rogers (American football)">
Kevin Rogers (American football)

Kevin Sean Rogers (born September 7, 1951) is an American football coach and former player. In his 38-year career, Rogers has coached in 13 postseason bowl games and multiple NFL playoff games as an assistant coach.
High school and college career.
Rogers attended Sparta High School (New Jersey) then attended Massanutten Military Academy before going to The College of William & Mary. At William & Mary, Rogers played for Lou Holtz.
Coaching career.
During his time at Syracuse University under head coach Paul Pasqualoni, Rogers coached Donovan McNabb and Marvin Graves. Both of whom set team passing records. McNabb was the 1994 Big East Rookie of the Year, 1997 Big East Player of the Year and a four time All Big East player. In 1998, McNabb was the #2 overall pick in the NFL draft. Rogers also coached Kevin Mason when he made All Big East in 1993. In 1995, 96 and 97, Syracuse won the Big East Championship.
Prior to his time at Syracuse Rogers coached a variety of positions for the Naval Academy. Rogers also coached at William & Mary and Ohio State University under Woody Hayes.
While offensive coordinator for Notre Dame Fighting Irish football, Rogers coached a Notre Dame offense that broke the school single-season record for total passing yards, completions and attempts. In 2000, Rogers' offense set a NCAA record for fewest turnovers in a season.
At Virginia Tech under Frank Beamer, Rogers coached Bryan Randall when he became the Hokies all-time passing leader. In 2004, Randall was named the Player of the Year in the ACC and the league's top offensive player. Rogers also coached Marcus Vick in 2004, when Vick made All ACC. In 2003, Virginia Tech won the ACC championship.
With the Minnesota Vikings, Rogers coached Tavaris Jackson and Brett Favre. During this time, Favre posted one of his best statistical seasons. While there, the Vikings won the NFC North Division title twice and made it to the NFC Championship Game once.

</doc>
<doc id="30935390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935390" title="Deer Park Junior and Senior Public School">
Deer Park Junior and Senior Public School

Deer Park Junior and Senior Public School is a school located in the neighbourhood of
Deer Park in Toronto, Canada. The school serves students from kindergarten to grade eight, acting as an elementary and junior high school. It is located at 23 Ferndale Avenue, two blocks east of Yonge Street, just off St. Clair Avenue. A great school, small enough that every student knows one another but big enough to house many grades, making an amazing learning environment.
Programs.
Deer Park offered the gifted program until 2010, when it was transferred to Forest Hill Junior and Senior Public School.

</doc>
<doc id="30935396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935396" title="Gordon Watkins">
Gordon Watkins

Gordon Watkins was a professional American football player who played offensive lineman for two seasons for the Minneapolis Red Jackets, Frankford Yellow Jackets, and Brooklyn Dodgers.

</doc>
<doc id="30935430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935430" title="Clive Wilkinson">
Clive Wilkinson

Clive Wilkinson 
(born 1954, Cape Town, South Africa) is an architect and interior designer. Acknowledged as a pioneer in workplace design, Wilkinson is best known for designing the Googleplex, the headquarters of Google in Silicon Valley. He has also designed several top global advertising agencies, including JWT in New York City, and Mother Advertising in London. Wilkinson's introduction of urban planning concepts to organize and animate large office projects began with the design of TBWA\Chiat\Day's Los Angeles headquarters in 1998.
Education and early career.
Completing his first architectural degree at the University of Cape Town in South Africa, Wilkinson finished his professional schooling in 1980 at the Architectural Association School of Architecture (AA) in London, studying under Rem Koolhaas and Zaha Hadid. He went on to work for Arup and then Terry Farrell, where he became a Design Director and collaborated on such urban renewal projects as TVAM Studios and Alban Gate.
In 1990, after working in Sydney, Australia for six months, Wilkinson relocated from London to Los Angeles to work for Frank Gehry as a Project Manager on the Disney Concert Hall and Chiat/Day’s Venice, Los Angeles offices. By 1991, Wilkinson had established his own firm in Los Angeles. His first project to win international acclaim was the headquarters for the world-renowned advertising agency TBWA\Chiat\Day. Wilkinson transformed an empty warehouse in Los Angeles into an "Advertising City" where open offices co-exist with a basketball court and "Main Street". The outwardly plain-looking structure was made visually dynamic by an addition of a yellow gatehouse entrance with tubular bridge structures.
Clive Wilkinson Architects.
With a practice in Los Angeles, California, Clive Wilkinson's eponymous firm, Clive Wilkinson Architects (CWa), completed a 330,000 Square Foot office in Sydney, Australia for Macquarie Group, One Shelley Street, the recipient of multiple architectural awards. After being named a Finalist in both 2010 and 2011, Clive Wilkinson Architects was awarded the 2012 Cooper–Hewitt, National Design Museum's National Design Award for "Excellence in Interior Design".
Current projects include the design of new offices for radio station and NPR affiliate, KCRW in Santa Monica, including a new facility for Santa Monica College's Academy of Entertainment Technology campus and designing new buildings for the UCLA School of Theater, Film and Television.
Accolades.
In 2005, Wilkinson was inducted into "Interior Design" Magazine's Hall of Fame, and selected as a "Master of Design" by Fast Company (magazine) in 2006. In 2008 "The New York Times" featured an article about Wilkinson and the Norwich Drive Residence, a home he built for himself in West Hollywood.

</doc>
<doc id="30935463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935463" title="Manila All-Japan F.C.">
Manila All-Japan F.C.

Manila All-Japan Football Club is an association football club based in the Philippines. It consists mainly of Japanese players. It is one of the founding members of the United Football League where the team played in UFL Division 2 from Season 1 (2009–2010) to present.

</doc>
<doc id="30935473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935473" title="Sorin Colceag">
Sorin Colceag

Sorin Dorel Colceag (born 11 March 1972 in Buzău) is a former Romanian football goalkeeper.
During his career Colceag played with Unirea Focșani, FC Dinamo Bucureşti, FC Universitatea Craiova, FC Naţional Bucureşti, AFC Rocar București, Croatian NK Zagreb, Politehnica Iaşi, Belgian K.S.C. Lokeren Oost-Vlaanderen, Mexican Tigres Ciudad de Juarez, FC Argeş Piteşti, Czech FC Viktoria Plzeň, Greek clubs Panionios B.C. and Panserraikos F.C. and finished his career back in Romania with FC Braşov in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="30935510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935510" title="Charlene Leonora Smith">
Charlene Leonora Smith

Charlene Leonora Smith is a journalist, published author of 14 books, and is an authorized biographer of Nobel Peace Prize winner, and former South African President, Nelson Mandela.
She is also a communications and marketing consultant who lives and works in the United States.
She began her career at the Johannesburg "Star", and specialized in anti-apartheid resistance politics. She later reported on South African politics for "Sunday Tribune" (where she was also deputy bureau chief), "Business Day" (where she was also deputy news editor), "Financial Mail" (where she was associate editor) and "Finance Week" (where she was assistant editor). Smith has worked as a producer for ABC’s "Nightline" (US) with Ted Koppel and for CBS "60 Minutes". She has helped produce television documentaries for Canadian Broadcasting Corporation for many years, including two award winning documentaries on Nelson Mandela. A documentary on AIDS for the United Nations won the Prix Italia in 2006.
She had a long career as a feature writer for the Los Angeles Times. She has written for "Washington Post", "The Observer", "Guardian", "Le Monde", "Brain World", "Microbicide Quarterly", "Boston Globe" and other publications. She has lived and worked in Japan, Argentina, South Africa, and the United States where she reported on the White House.
In 1999, she was raped and stabbed in her home and a week later published an account of the event and her quest to obtain antiretroviral drugs. Smith also feared that the rapist may have HIV or AIDs. Smith began campaigning for rape survivors, as she called them, rejecting the term victim, to receive post exposure prophylaxis after rape. She was the first rape survivor in the world to do this. In 2000 she was invited by the Centers for Disease Control to address scientists, as a result of which CDC began research on a protocol for PEP for survivors of sexual assault with her assistance. It was first published in 2004.
In 2004, Smith published an article about the prevalence of rape in South Africa, earning criticism from President Thabo Mbeki, a former friend and ally, and touching off a confrontation in Parliament in which "legislators accused Mr. Mbeki of dodging the issues of sexual violence and AIDS, and the president accused them of pretending that racism died with apartheid." Mbeki's criticisms of her first began in December, 1999 when he objected to her reporting about rape and HIV in an address to parliament.
Smith is considered an expert on sexual violence, post traumatic stress syndrome, and HIV. She is regularly invited to present papers and chair sessions at conferences and seminars globally, including the World AIDS Congress. She has twice been an invited guest of the Swedish government and once of the Australian government.
A communications and marketing consultant with considerable expertise in digital media she has consulted to the World Economic Forum, the Summit on Sustainable Development, 2010 FIFA World Cup, Ogilvy PR, South African Airways, HealthBridge, AstroTech Training, Eskom, and others. She has lectured at numerous colleges and universities including the University of the Witwatersrand Graduate School of Journalism; the Antioch Institute at the University of Georgia, Athens; Boston College, Goddard College in Vermont, etc.
She lives and works in Cambridge, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="30935513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935513" title="Ufukhan Bayraktar">
Ufukhan Bayraktar

Ufukhan Bayraktar (born 9 January 1986) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a right wingback for Adana Demirspor in the TFF First League. Bayraktar is a former member of the Trabzonspor youth academy and has been capped at youth international levels.

</doc>
<doc id="30935566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935566" title="Right or Wrong">
Right or Wrong

Right or Wrong may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30935611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935611" title="The Paraná Association of Electrical Engineers">
The Paraná Association of Electrical Engineers

The Paraná Association of Electrical Engineers (in Portuguese: "Associação Paranaense de Engenheiros Eletricistas") exists to promote scientific and technological development and to protect the interests of professional electrical engineering, such as: electrical, electronics, telecommunications, computer, automation of the state of Paraná. It is a nonprofit organization
It was founded on August 2, 1984 in Curitiba, capital of the Brazilian state of Paraná.

</doc>
<doc id="30935615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935615" title="HauteLook">
HauteLook

HauteLook is a Los Angeles-based online retailer, offering members limited-time sales on clothing, accessories, kids' items, home decor, and beauty products. HauteLook was launched in 2007 and was purchased by Nordstrom in March 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="30935651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935651" title="Edward Radtke">
Edward Radtke

Edward Radtke (born 1962) is an American film director, screenwriter, and film producer. 
Ed Radtke is the writer, producer and director of three independent feature films, including the award-winning BOTTOM LAND and THE DREAM CATCHER. THE DREAM CATCHER garnered 11 awards at international film festivals and was released worldwide. His most recent feature THE SPEED OF LIFE premiered at the 2007 Venice Film Festival, where it received a special jury prize.
He has served as a freelance writer, producer, assistant director and editor on numerous projects including: features, documentaries, shorts, commercials and music videos. He is also the founder and facilitator of countless media making workshops nationwide for underserved groups including: at-risk youth, Native Americans, incarcerated men and women, Vietnam Veterans, victims of domestic violence, developmentally challenged adults, and elementary schoolchildren. He has guest lectured at Columbia and NYU, is the recipient of two NEA production grants, a Guggenheim Fellowship and a Rockefeller Foundation Fellowship.
Ed Radtke co-wrote the feature script AIME TON PERE, produced by Gérard Depardieu and starring Depardieu and his late son, Guillame. The film was the official Swiss entry for Best Foreign Film consideration at the 2002 Academy Awards®. Ed Radtke currently teaches filmmaking at the University of Texas in Austin. 

</doc>
<doc id="30935674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935674" title="Battle of Dromore">
Battle of Dromore

Battle of Battle of Dromore may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30935691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935691" title="Kedron, Illinois">
Kedron, Illinois

Kedron is an unincorporated community in Eagle Creek Township, Gallatin County, Illinois, United States. Kedron is south of Equality.

</doc>
<doc id="30935732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935732" title="Euro, Western Australia">
Euro, Western Australia

Euro is an abandoned town in the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia, located between Laverton and Mount Margaret.
The town is named after a species of kangaroo, the Eastern Wallaroo. The town was gazetted in 1902 and took the name of a nearby gold mine. The mine had been established by North Star Gold mines prior to 1900 with lots being surveyed in the townsite in 1900.

</doc>
<doc id="30935787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935787" title="2011 USARL season">
2011 USARL season

The 2011 USARL season was the inaugural season of the USA Rugby League (USARL). The league was formed in January 2011 as a breakaway competition from the American National Rugby League (AMNRL). The regular season kicked off on June 4 and ended on July 30; the Jacksonville Axemen won the minor premiership with the best regular season record. The first round of playoffs were played on August 13, 2011, with the New Haven Warriors and Philadelphia Fight winning the round. The league's Grand Final took place on August 27 between the Philadelphia Fight and the New Haven Warriors. Philadelphia won 28–26, receiving their first national championship.
Regular season.
The inaugural USARL season opened with a pre-season rugby league nines tournament. Seven of the top tier teams participated, with the Philadelphia Fight fielding two teams. Additionally, two developmental teams (the Orange County Outlaws and the Utah Avalanche) participated, along with a West Chester University student team and the visiting New Zealand Police invitational side. The New Zealand Police won the tournament over the New Haven Warriors.
For the regular season, each team played home and away against six teams once, and one team twice, in an eight-round home and away season. Teams qualified for the playoffs based on point differential, with a win counting for 2 points, a draw for 1, a loss for 0, and a forfeit for −2. The Jacksonville Axemen won the minor premiers with the best season record.
Playoffs.
The playoffs consist of a two-round single-elimination tournament in August. The season's top four teams competed in a semi-final round, with the two winners going on to the Championship Final. In the first round on August 13, the first-place Jacksonville Axemen hosted fourth-place New Haven Warriors at Hodges Stadium, and the second-place Washington D.C. Slayers hosted the third-place Philadelphia Fight at Duke Ellington Field. The games were won by New Haven and Philadelphia, who went on to the inaugural Grand Final on August 27. Philadelphia defeated New Haven 28–26, winning their first ever national championship.

</doc>
<doc id="30935823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935823" title="Bring a Little Lovin'">
Bring a Little Lovin'

"Bring a Little Lovin'" was originally a demo written and recorded by Australian rock band The Easybeats, around the same time as their 1968 album Vigil. The same year, it was covered by Spanish band Los Bravos for their album of the same name.
The song reached number fifty-one on the Billboard Hot 100 in the United States.
Formats and track listings.
7" single
Ricky Martin version.
Ricky Martin recorded a Spanish-language version of "Bring a Little Lovin'", called "Dime Que Me Quieres" (English: "Say That You Love Me"). He included it on his debut solo album "Ricky Martin", and released it as a single in 1992.
A music video was also released.
Formats and track listings.
Latin America promotional 12" maxi-single

</doc>
<doc id="30935830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935830" title="Quackademic medicine">
Quackademic medicine

Quackademic medicine is a pejorative term used in the science based medicine community for the infiltration of alternative medicine (quackery) into academic medicine, or attempts at “diverting research time, money, and other resources from more fruitful lines of investigation in order to pursue a theory that has no basis in biology”. The term was coined by blogger R.W. Donnell. 
For example, David Gorski critiqued Brian M. Berman, M.D., founder of the Center for Integrative Medicine, University of Maryland School of Medicine and the holder of multiple NCCAM center grants, and other institutions, for having written ""There was nevertheless evidence that both real acupuncture and sham acupuncture were more effective than no treatment and that acupuncture can be a useful supplement to other forms of conventional therapy for low back pain"", and castigated editors and peer reviewers at the "New England Journal of Medicine" for having allowed it to be published, since it effectively recommended deliberately misleading patients in order to achieve a known placebo effect.

</doc>
<doc id="30935834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935834" title="Nick Jr. (Germany)">
Nick Jr. (Germany)

Nick Jr. Germany is a German TV television channel broadcasting to children in Germany, Switzerland, Liechtenstein, Austria, Belgium and Luxembourg. The channel was launched on September 12, 2005 as a programming block on the relaunched version of Nickelodeon (Germany). The channel now broadcasts 24/7 from March 31, 2009 until 2010. Before the channel launched, some programs were shown Super RTL and Disney Channel (Germany).
Opening and closing times.
Startup.
Nick Jr. signs-on at 4:00 AM with national anthem with national flag, promo, channel ident and programmes.
Closedown.
Nick Jr. signs-off at 5:00 PM with the last programme, promo, channel ident, national anthem, handover to ARD or ZDF from 5:00 PM until 4:00 AM in daily.

</doc>
<doc id="30935844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935844" title="Millennium 3D Chess">
Millennium 3D Chess

Millennium 3D Chess is a chess variant created by William L. D'Agostino in 2001 that employs three vertically stacked 8×8 boards, with each player controlling a standard set of chess pieces. The inventor describes his objective as "extending the traditional chess game into a multilevel environment without distorting the basic game."
The 8×8×3 geometry is a popular one with 3D chess inventors, and several proprietary versions exist. D'Agostino has made available a free, downloadable set of rules as well as a small but growing online library of recorded games.
Move notation.
The three board levels are denoted "1" (White's board), "2" (the middle board), and "3" (Black's board). Moves are recorded in the same manner as chess, using algebraic notation, with the only difference that each square is prefaced by its level number.
For example, in standard chess, White's king starts on square e1 and Black's king starts on square e8. In Millennium 3D Chess, White's king starts on "1e1" and Black's king starts on "3e8". (And so on.)
Sample game.
George Davis vs. William D'Agostino, corr. 2006 
1. N2g3 B2b7 2. B3e3 N3c6 3. N2b3 B2g7 4. N2a5 Q1b6 5. N3c5 Qx1b2 6. Nx3b7 Q3b4 7. N3c5 Q3e1+ 8. Q2e1 Q3c3+ 9. K2f1 Qx1a1 10. Q2c1 B2a6+ 11. 2e2 Qx1a2 12. N2c7 R2h7 13. N1e7+ K2e8 14. N1c6 R1c8 15. Nx3c7 Rx1c2 16. Q2c7 Q2b1+ 17. K1g1 N3e5 18. Q1d7+ K2f8 19. B2f4 Q2d1 20. Bx3e5 Q3e1+ 21. K2g1 Qx3e5 22. Q2e7+ K1g7 23. Qx3d7 B2d4+ 24. 2e3 R2c1+ 25. K1g1 Q3g3+ 26. 2g2 R2f1+ 27. Nx2f1 B3e3+ 28. 2f2 Qx2f2# 0–1
References.
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="30935847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935847" title="Socialism in Pakistan">
Socialism in Pakistan

The influences of socialism and socialist movements in Pakistan have taken many different forms as a counterpart to political conservatism in Pakistan, from the hard-liners of the Communist Party through to the reformist electoral project enshrined in the birth of the Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP).
While capitalism has always held its sway, the prevalence of the socialist ideology has nevertheless continued to be found in a number of instances in Pakistan's political past and prominent personalities. Much of the remaining socialism in Pakistan today accedes to the idea of Islamic left (socialism and communism), where the state would be run in a socialist set-up consistent with Islamic political principles, while other proponents demand pure socialism.
History.
Political background.
The socialist movements in British Indian Empire began with the Russian Revolution, and the subsequent Soviet people's immigration to North-Western areas into territory (now Pakistan) hold by British Empire, in 1922-27. The British authorities were terrified after revealing the attempted series of revolts against the British Empire, known as Peshawar Conspiracy Cases.
1947–50s: Early Marxism.
Independence and class struggle.
Immediately after the establishment of Pakistan on 14 August 1947 which was achieved by a political party, Muslim League led by Muhammad Ali Jinnah, the struggle for left-wing orientation began as a failure of the military campaign with India. After Jinnah's death in 1948, the clash ideologies and political disagreements began when Prime Minister Liaquat Ali Khan consolidated his position more densely. The Pakistan Socialist Party (PSP) was the only socialist party of her time, active in both East Pakistan and West Pakistan. The Socialist Party was generally a secular party which had first opposed the idea of Pakistan. The Socialist Party founded very difficult to compete with leniently conservative and right-wing, the PML led by Prime Minister Liaquat Ali Khan, who professed the Islamic socialism; the Socialist Party was politically isolated with little mass to appeal despite its strong base in rural areas in 1949. It had around 1200 members and was a member of the Asian Socialist Conference. The Socialist Party's liberal programs were met with harsh opposition which the conservatives labeled as "Kafirs". Dismayed with the results of the war, Prime Minister Liaquat Ali Khan survived a coup conspiracy hatched by the left-wing personalities and including the armed forces personnel. In response to activist left-wing sphere, Prime Minister Ali Khan succeeded in authoring and drafting the Objectives Resolution, in 1950. The house passed it on 12 March 1949, but met with harsh critic even from his Law Minister Jogendra Nath Mandal who argued against it.
In contrast, the Communist Party was more active, populist, and had support from the rural class due to its tough position taken on economic and social issues. The Communist Party quickly grasped its popularity as it espoused the causes of Pakistan's farmers and labourers against the nexus of "zamindars", princely class, and landed gentry. During the 1954 general elections, the Communist Party swiftly gained the exclusive mandate in East-Pakistan and representation in West-Pakistan; earlier in 1950, the Communist Party played a major role in labour strikes for the support of language movement. The Communist Party, with the support from Awami League, formed a democratic government in East-Pakistan. The class struggle reached to its limit when members of PML and Communist Party culminated in a violent scuffle with East-Pakistani police in 1958. The government responded with the dismissing the government of Communist Party in East and then arresting ~1,000 members of Communist Party in West, eventually banning the Communist Party in West as well.
Uncomfortable with the workings of democratic system, unruliness in the East Pakistan parliamentary elections and the threat of Baloch separatism in West-Pakistan, Bengali President Iskandar Ali Mirza issued a proclamation that abolished all political parties in both West and East Pakistan, abrogated the two-year old constitution, and imposed the first martial law in the country on 7 October 1958. The Communist leader, Hassan Nasir, was repeatedly arrested by the police and died in prison in November 1960.
1960s–70s: Nation building.
Power struggle and corporate industrialization.
After the martial law in 1958, President Ayub Khan abandoned the parliamentary form in favour of presidential system– a system called "Basic Democracy." The presidential regime of Ayub Khan is regarded as "Great Decade", in which, his presidential programs moved the country from agrarian into the roads of rapid industrialization in 1960s. The left in Pakistan further faced complications after the Sino-Soviet split in 1960s, and the Communist Party had its own factions; one being the Pro-Beijing and other being Pro-Moscow.
Despite the positive impact of rapid industrialization, the labour trade unions, labour-working class, peasants, and farmers were socially and economically subdued by the powerful industrial oligarch society who had strong ties with President Ayub Khan. In fact, the industrial groups completely neglected the work conditions and failed to provide healthy environment to the workers class in the industries. Situation became economically tense in 1965 when chief economist, dr. Mahbub-ul-Haq, published a statistics and tax report that pointed out that the "22 industrial family groups had come to dominate the economic and financial life-cycle of Pakistan and that they controlled about two-thirds of industrial assets, 80% of banking and 79% of insurance assets in the industrial domain." The same year, President Ayub Khan's peaceful compromise with India to end the hostilities ended up with a large scale disapproval from the civil society. The demonstration sparked all over the country against President Ayub Khan after dismissing his Foreign minister Zulfikar Ali Bhutto in 1966.
After a successful socialist conference in Lahore, Punjab, the Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) was founded by the attended socialists, communists, and left-wing philosophers of the country. The PPP's manifesto called, titled "Islam is our Religion; Democracy is our Politics; Socialism is our Economy; Power Lies with the People", was written by Bengali communist J. A. Rahim, and first issued on 9 December 1967. The manifesto identified the party's ultimate goal, main objective and "raison d'etre" as being the achievement of an egalitarian and "classless society", which was believed to be attainable only through socialism. It called for "true equality of citizen's fraternity under the rule of democracy", within "an order of social and economic justice. Unlike the Socialist Party, the Peoples Party quickly gained the popularity all over the country with its electrified left-wing oriented slogan, "Land to the Landless", proved irresistible to the peasants and labour-force, as the party promised not only to abolish the fundamental feudalism that had plagued the country, but also to redistribute lands amongst the landless and the peasants. The working class and labour movement quickly flocked to the party, believing it to be a party dedicated to the destruction of capitalism in the country.
Eventually, the socialist-oriented catchphrase "Roti, Kapra aur Makan" (lit. "bread, clothes, and housing"), became a nation-wide rallying-call for the party. By the 1970s, the Pakistan Peoples Party had become the largest and most influential leading socialist and democratic entity in the country. The party published its ideas in its newspapers, such as ""Nusrat"", ""Fatah"", and ""Mussawat"".
1970s–80s: Reconstruction and Restoration.
Ethical and left nationalism.
The PPP was in a direct competition with Awami League and Pakistan Muslim League (PML) during the 1970 general elections. A power struggle between two parties and subsequent military action in East-Pakistan led to a bitter war with India which led the separation of East Pakistan in 1971.
After the war, the PPP espouses a great appeal for left-wing nationalism, called for national unity and economic prosperity was promised by the Peoples Party. Immediately, a nationalization process was initiated by the Peoples Party following a 1972 labour unrest. The PPP'e left-wing policies eradicated the feudal system to a great extent; massive land reforms took place in limiting the amount of land that could be owned, with remaining land divisions being allotted to a large number of poor peasants, farmers, landless tenants who also find increased support in the new programme. Labour rights were upgraded more than ever before; poverty experienced a sharp reduction.
Fundamental rights of the citizen, such as access to adequate health and free education, were brought under a renewed focus. Schools, colleges and universities were immediately nationalized. A large segment of the banking sector, industrial sector (including iron and steel mills), engineering firms, vehicle, food and chemical production industries were also nationalized. The number and strength of trade unions experienced a rise. Rural residents, urban wage earners and landless peasants were to be given ‘material support’ as people of the state. In responding to strong defence program, the PPP launched the clandestine atomic bomb project, promoting literary activism, industrial developments and scientific awareness in all over the country.
Left-wings split off and decline.
Despite PPP's populism and support, the internal strife would cause a schism and split the left-wing sphere. Though, the PPP had won the support from people on the issues of social justice, but its economic policies stagflated the country's economy. A number of critics, notably the conservatives and hard-line religious leaders, have however blamed Bhutto's socialist policies for slowing down Pakistan's economic progress, owing to poor productivity and high costs.
The left-wing party, ANP, was in a direct competition with the PPP despite similar ideologies. The debate over the align with Afghanistan's communist party caused a major rift and problems with Afghanistan escalated over the Durand line. The Communist Party was also opposing the PPP over its economic programs and its influence limited to Karachi. Events led to left-wing parties joining the PNA alliance led by country's right-wing conservative parties and compete against PPP in general elections in 1977.
The 1977 general elections resulted in first parliamentary victory of Peoples Party. Opposition parties claimed that the election was heavily rigged by the PPP. Tensions mounted and despite an agreement reached between the opposition and PPP, martial law was imposed in the country by Chief of Army Staff General Zia-ul-Haq in 1977. In April 1979, Bhutto was hanged in 1977 after a controversial trial, in which he was found guilty of murdering a political opponent. In 1982, his daughter Benazir Bhutto was elected as Peoples Party's chairwomanship. The Peoples Party struggled hard against the ruthless dictatorship of General Zia-ul-Haq, which was sponsored by the United States.
The left-wing parties and socialism in the country met with harsh political opposition from the conservative Pakistan Muslim League and the hard-line religious bloc Clergy Coalition. The Soviet Union's intervention in Afghanistan further declined the popular support of socialism in the country. The ultra-conservative President Zia-ul-Haq dealt with socialists, communists and the Marxist mass with harsh political oppression.
1980s–90s: Moderation and Competition.
Consolidation and populism.
A huge number of left-wing politicians and intellectuals were thrown in jail to face a trial, Jam Saqi Trial, in 1980s. Under Zia regime, the socialism itself began to struggle to survive in the country in an intense anti-Soviet atmosphere. In responding the Zia's oppression, the left-wing parties united in a massive platform known as, Movement for the Restoration of Democracy (MRD) which was led by the PPP. The ANP had found support from the Soviet Union as early as in 1983. During the period of 1977-91, the Communist Party of the Soviet Union (CPSU) started its covert political activities through the Awami National Party, many of its senior leadership served Soviets intermediary and advisers. President Zia's interior secretary, Roedad Khan, later wrote that the MRD regime was able to manipulate this perception to their advantage and prevent the MRD from gaining greater appeal on a nationwide level.
Despite its consolidation, the MRD suffered many set backs because of its Pro-Leninist stance which was not the "line" of Kremlin at that time.
The events that led the collapse of the Soviet Union shattered Pakistan's left. It almost disappeared, until Benazir Bhutto succeeded to unite the scattered leftists mass, which integrated into the PPP, and turned the radical and pro-Soviet leftists into more Social democracy with the principles of democratic socialism.
The New Left and social democracy.
The MRD alliance could not sustained itself in late 1988 and quickly collapse after the death of President Zia-ul-Haq in 1988 which marked its way for peaceful general elections, outlined the return of Pakistan Peoples Party in national power.
Furthermore, the events led to a dissolution of USSR in 1991 also shattered the left in Pakistan. The break-up of the USSR in 1991 also generated hopelessness and desperation in among the communist parties. The left-wing parties almost disappeared until, when Benazir Bhutto came to its protection. In opposition against the conservatives, Benazir Bhutto succeeded to unite the scattered leftists mass, which integrated into the PPP, and turned the radical and pro-Soviet leftists into more Social democracy with the principles of democratic socialism.
In 1990s, the left-wing groups, now united under PPP, found their self in a fierce competition with Pakistan Muslim League (PML(N)), a centre-right conservative party led by Nawaz Sharif. The PPP and left was in period of counter-revolutionary consciousness in Pakistan, giving birth to the rise of fundamentalism. The political competition with the conservatives, aligning with the PML(N), gave a new life to the left-wing parties to gather around their movement in support for the PPP in 1992. The controversial privatization of the Pakistan Muslim League (N) government in 1992 had collapsed the support for the conservatives.
As a result of general elections held in 1993, the PPP and the Left came in power again, but only to re-engage in competition with the like-minds and the Pakistan Muslim League (N). The power struggle between left and right wing parties damages the economy but, on the other hand, consolidated its position in the country. The left-wing sphere almost split in 1990s after a paramilitary military took place in Karachi to remove another leftist party, MQM; the operation was halt in 1995. The PPP and the leftists put forwarded a program of vintage industrial nationalization, computer literacy, strong emphasis on the scientific education, awareness women suffrage and rights, and promotion of the principles of social democracy and left-wing nationalism. In response, the Pakistan Muslim League and conservatives introduced the privatization, with liberalization, right-wing nationalism, and a strong emphasis on religion and scientific education. By the end of 1996, the he controversial death of populist left-wing leader, Murtaza Bhutto, turned out to be a final event that led the dismissal of the left-oriented government of PPP by its own leftist president Farooq Leghari (he was soon ousted from the presidency by the conservatives of PML(N) in 1997).
In 1997, the Left, sitting in parliamentary opposition, further gained power in effectively paralysed the right-wing parties attempts to pass the more conservative bills to be part of the Constitution. The left successfully pressured the PML(N) to move with a proposal of conducting the country's first nuclear tests in response to India's nuclear tests in 1998. Disturbance in civil-military relations in 1999 led to the dismissal of centre-right conservative, PML government. Interestingly, the popular support for the PML(N) and PPP declined, with the fall of socialism and conservatism at once in 2000. President Pervez Musharraf called for a Third Way which led to an establishment of centrist PML(Q) in 2002.
2000s–2010s:Contemporary history.
Re-defining position of the New Left.
As an aftermath of 9/11 attacks in the United States and the followup of US invasion of Afghanistan in 2001, the roots of conservatism and socialism began to takes its place in the country. The general elections in 2002 saw the liberals coming in national power for the first time in the history of the country. Despite Musharraf's attempts to provide the better civil administration, the support for President Musharraf lessened and the idea of Third Way, with the Enlightened Moderation, began to see resistance from the conservative and leftist parties.
In 2002, the Pakistan Social Democratic Party was found but it was short lived. After few months, the party was disbanded in favour of PPP. In 2003, the PPP staged a large opposition rally against the Iraq war and the United States.
In 2004, the Left projected its power in Peshawar after a communist party staged a massive demonstration against Pervez Musharraf and the United States. The PPP effectively paralysed Pervez Musharraf over the issue of LFO and the Left subsequently maligned Musharraf's image over the nuclear proliferation issue in the country. Historians of leftist activism noted the fact that the atomic proliferation debriefings had enraged and outraged the leftists and conservatives alike of their "national hero", dr. Qadeer Khan. After this scandal in 2005–07, the U.S. opposition from the leftist-liberal parties was extremely fierce much more than the conservative parties, effectively sabotaging any U.S. efforts for their economic involvement and maligning the image in the country which contributed in the sharp and recorded rise of the anti-American emotions in the hearts of the Pakistanis.
The Left in Pakistan lost its steer after the assassination of Benazir Bhutto in 2007, and the armed right-wing insurgency in the country further limited the Left. The populist, Lawyer's movement, was also influenced by the leftist ideas and prominent leftist leaders, such as Aitzaz Ahsan, Ali Ahmad Kurd, and Raza Rabbani, were the front personalities to lead the movement to restore the Judiciary and to ouster Pervez Musharraf from the government. In spite of right-wing pressure and accusations of corruption, the Left demonstrated its united stand during the general elections held in 2013 under new left-wing leaders Raza Rabbani and Aitzaz Ahsan
As of current, the Left and the PPP is currently sitting in opposition in the parliament against the PML(N) and right-wing parties' government.
Influence in popular culture, literary, arts and science.
The left orientation has greatly influence the literature, scientific activities, arts, and popular culture. The literary work of Faiz Ahmad Faiz, Anwar Maqsood, Habib Jalib, Aitzaz Ahsan, and Tina Sani, has been instrumental in projecting the left-wing ideas in the country. The "Laal" (lit. "Red") gained much appraisal and popularity for singing socialist political song, which played a crucial role in mobilizing the people in support to the reinstatement of the Chief Justice Iftikhar Chaudhry in 2007.
In 2012, the scientific work of theorist, Munir Ahmad Khan, was publicly recognized by the Government after posthumously awarding Munir Khan the "Nishan-e-Imtiaz" for his contribution to science as a gesture of political rehabilitation. The literary work of Tariq Ali has been adopted in playwrights and theatre and films. His playwright, "The Leopard and The Fox", was premiered in New York in October 2007 and later on Karachi Arts Council in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="30935853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935853" title="Eric Rideal">
Eric Rideal

Sir Eric Keightley Rideal, FRS, MBE (11 April 1890 – 25 September 1974) was an English physical chemist. He worked on a wide range of subjects, including electrochemistry, chemical kinetics, catalysis, electrophoresis, colloids and surface chemistry. He is best known for the Eley–Rideal mechanism, which he proposed in 1938 with Daniel D. Eley. He is also known for the textbook that he authored, "An Introduction to Surface Chemistry" (1926), and was awarded honours for the research he carried out during both World Wars and for his services to chemistry.
Early years.
Eric Keightley Rideal was born on 11 April 1890 in Sydenham, which at that time was part of the county of Kent. His father was the chemist Samuel Rideal, whose work on water purification and disinfection included the Rideal–Walker test. His mother was Elizabeth Keightley, daughter of Samuel Keightley. Rideal was educated at Farnham Grammar School, Surrey, and then at Oundle School, Northamptonshire. In 1907 he won a scholarship in Natural Sciences to Trinity Hall, Cambridge. After he graduated in 1910 he continued his studies in Germany, obtaining his Ph.D. in chemistry in 1912 at the University of Bonn under Richard Anschütz.
When World War I broke out, Rideal was working on water supplies in Ecuador, an assignment that had come to him through his father. He returned home and enlisted with the Artists Rifles, eventually serving on the Western Front at the Somme in 1916 with the Royal Engineers. He was invalided home the same year after an outbreak of dysentery, and spent the rest of the war carrying out research in catalysis at University College London under Frederick G. Donnan. During this period he also worked with Hugh Stott Taylor, co-authoring "Catalysis in Theory and Practice" (1919), described as a "seminal" work in the field. Rideal was made MBE in 1918 for his war work.
Career and research.
Following the war, Rideal went to the USA in 1919 to take a position for a year as visiting professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana, a position for which he had been recommended by James Kendall. He then returned to the UK to take up a fellowship at his old college (Trinity Hall), and the Humphrey Owen Jones lectureship in physical chemistry at Cambridge. It was on the return voyage from the USA by ship in 1920 that he met his future wife Peggy (Margaret Atlee Jackson), whom he married the following year.
Rideal remained at Cambridge for the next 26 years, becoming Professor of Colloid Science in 1930, the same year he was made a Fellow of the Royal Society. During this time, he founded the Colloid Science Laboratory which became a world centre for surface science, and was used for war work during World War II. Rideal's students at Cambridge included the physicist and future novelist C. P. Snow, and the future Nobel laureate Ronald G. W. Norrish. Snow later depicted Rideal in two of his novels: "The Search" (1934) and "Strangers and Brothers" (1940). Rideal's career at Cambridge was disrupted by an operation in 1936 for an intestinal tumour, an operation that left him with a colectomy and dissuaded him from applying for the vacant chair of physical chemistry in 1937.
Following World War II, Rideal left Cambridge to take up the position of Fullerian Professor of Chemistry at the Royal Institution in London (1946 to 1949). This was followed by a period at King's College London (1950 to 1955). After his retirement in 1955, Rideal took up a position as senior research fellow at Imperial College, enabling him to write the book "Concepts in Catalysis" (1968). It is estimated that over a period of some 60 years, Rideal authored or co-authored nearly 300 papers and a dozen books.
During his career, Rideal also gave a number of public lectures. These included the Cantor Lecture of the Royal Society of Arts (1921, 1924 and 1948). He also delivered the 1932 Robert Boyle Lecture, titled 'On some aspects of adsorption'. In 1947, Rideal gave the Royal Institution Christmas Lectures, entitled 'Chemical Reactions: How They Work'.
In 1949, Rideal was one of the founding editors of the journal "Advances in Catalysis".
Awards and honours.
Rideal was awarded the Davy Medal of the Royal Society in 1951 "For his distinguished contributions to the subject of surface chemistry". He was knighted in 1951 for his services to the Ministry of Supply during World War II. Also in 1951, he delivered the Bakerian Lecture with the title 'On Reactions in Monolayers'. Between 1951 and 1967 Rideal received honorary degrees from the universities of Dublin, Birmingham, Brunel, Belfast, Turin, and Bonn. He was also President of the Faraday Society (1938 to 1945), the Society of Chemical Industry (1945 to 1946), and the Chemical Society (1950 to 1952). He was elected a Fellow of King's College London in 1963.
Later years.
Rideal died on 25 September 1974 in West Kensington, London. His obituary was published in "The Times".
Legacy.
Rideal's name is still honoured today, with bursaries, grants, lectures and conferences named for him. The travel bursaries are administered jointly in the form of the Rideal Trust by the Royal Society of Chemistry and the Society of Chemical Industry. The Tadion–Rideal Prize for Molecular Science is an annual grant awarded by King's College London since 1983. The Sir Eric Rideal Lecture is a lectureship awarded every year since 1970 by the Society of Chemical Industry. The Rideal Conference is a triennial UK research conference on surface science and catalysis. It started in 1962 as the Chemisorption and Catalysis Conference and was renamed in his honour in 1971, with the 17th conference scheduled to take place in April 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="30935863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935863" title="Jonathan M. Hall">
Jonathan M. Hall

Jonathan M. Hall is Professor of Greek History at the University of Chicago. He is the author of many books, including "Ethnic Identity in Greek Antiquity", "Hellenicity: Between Ethnicity and Culture", and "A History of the Archaic Greek World, ca. 1200-479 BCE", and of various articles and reviews on Archaic and Classical Greece. His focus of research is on Greek history, historiography, and archaeology. He has received Quantrell Teaching Award in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="30935876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935876" title="Indianapolis Union Railway">
Indianapolis Union Railway

The Indianapolis Union Railway Company , is a terminal railroad operating in Indianapolis, Indiana. It was organized on May 31, 1850, as the Union Track Railway Company by the presidents of the Madison and Indianapolis Railroad Company (M&I), the Terre Haute and Richmond Railroad Company (TH&R), and the Indianapolis and Bellefontaine Railroad Company (I&B) for the purposes of establishing and operating joint terminal facilities in Indiana's capital city. The name of the company was changed to its present one on August 12, 1853. The next month, on September 20, Indianapolis Union Station opened its doors, becoming the very first union railroad station in the world. Since 1999, the company has been owned and operated by CSX.
History.
Early history (1850-1900).
The Union Track Railway Company was organized on May 31, 1850. Later that year, of main line track were turned over to the company; from the Peru and Indianapolis Railroad Company (P&I) and that had been jointly constructed by the three founding lines (the M&I, the TH&R, and the I&B). On November 25, 1852, the company's directors adopted a resolution by which other railroads might be admitted into the group. The Indiana Central Railway Company (IndC) and the Lawrenceburg and Upper Mississippi Railroad Company (L&UM) were so included shortly thereafter.
On August 12, 1853, the company renamed itself the Indianapolis Union Railway Company, a name it has kept ever since in spite of the ever-changing names of its various owning lines.
On September 20, 1883, a new joint ownership, lease, and operations agreement was reached and entered into by the participating railroads. This date also marked the 30th anniversary of the opening of Indianapolis' original Union Station.
On March 14, 1884, the property of Union Station and of main line track were conveyed to the Indianapolis Union Railway by deed. This included that had been jointly constructed by the three founding lines, and an additional from the P&I. That same day, all properties that had been used but not deeded under a November 19, 1872 agreement were ceded by joint deed to the IU by the following companies: the Jeffersonville, Madison and Indianapolis Railroad Company (successor to the M&I), the Terre Haute and Indianapolis Rail Road Company (successor to the TH&R), the Chicago and St. Louis Railway Company (C&StL), and the Cincinnati, Indianapolis, St. Louis and Chicago Railway Company (CIStL&C).
On March 2, 1885, the Indiana General Assembly passed legislation allowing for the incorporation of union railroad companies. The Indianapolis Union Railway was so accepted as such under that act a few days later, on March 25.
By late 1886, the IU had outgrown its facilities. In November of that year, work began on additional facilities that would be completed by 1888. These included a rearranged and enlarged track system, renewed and additional retaining walls, new bridges, a new head house, office building and train shed, and a below-grade crossing for street railway and pedestrian use at Illinois Street. The head house of Indianapolis Union Station which resulted form this project is the same one still standing today in the 21st Century.
Into the 20th century (1900-1950).
From July 1, 1915 through the end of 1922, another large construction project was undertaken to elevate the tracks over via earthen embankments, retaining walls, and bridges. The 1888 tunnel at Illinois Street was replaced with a level undercrossing, as were 11 former at-grade street crossings. The 1888 head house and office buildings were retained and remodeled. The train shed was replaced with a new one along the now-elevated tracks, while baggage, mail, and express buildings were all replaced. Station facilities at street level, including a new baggage tunnel under one street, were built under the new train shed.
As of December 31, 1927, the following companies were part of the 1883 joint agreement (as amended) that made up the Indianapolis Union Railway:
By 1935, the corporate structure of the Indianapolis Union Railroad Company had changed. It was still an Indiana corporation, but ownership of its stock was divided between just two railroads, with the PCC&StL (PRR) holding 60% of the stock and the CCC&StL (NYC) holding the remaining 40%. The other railroads operating in Indianapolis at the time no longer had any equity stake, but continued to pay rent to the IU for their joint use of the company's facilities. At this time, the IU owned Indianapolis' Union Station (and its appurtenances) along with of main line trackage.
Late 20th century(1950-2000) to present day.
When the Pennsylvania Railroad merged with the New York Central to form Penn Central Railroad (PC) in 1968, 100% control of the Indianapolis Union Railway passed to the new entity. Upon Penn Central's bankruptcy in 1970, and subsequent reorganization into Conrail (CR) by 1976, control of the IU had passed once again. Finally, when Conrail was broken up and sold in 1998, the Indianapolis Union Railway became a part of CSX Transportation, which began operating it the next year. This is somewhat ironic, in that CSX is the successor to the B&O, one of the lines that gave up partial interest in the IU during the Great Depression of the 1930s.

</doc>
<doc id="30935878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935878" title="Tveir á báti">
Tveir á báti

Tveir á báti (English: lit. "Two on a Boat", play of words lost in translation) is an Icelandic television series that first aired on Icelandic public television channel Sjónvarpið in December 1992. The series is a part of Jóladagatal Sjónvarpsins, an ongoing series of televised Advent calendars. It was written by Kristín Atladóttir, an assistant producer at Sjónvarpið at the time.
The show follows Séra Jón, played by Gísli Halldórsson, who gets stranded in the middle of the ocean in early December after his boat runs out of fuel, and his encounters with an anthropomorphic polar bear, played by Kjartan Bjargmundsson. Among other players is Steinn Ármann Magnússon.
"Tveir á báti" was rerun on Sjónvarpið in December 2000.
A physical advent calendar containing leads to each episode's plot was published in conjunction with the initial airing of the series.
Premise.
Séra Jón is a composer, bell-ringer and seaman from the small village of Stóra-litlu-Bugðuvík. Every Sunday and every major holiday, Séra Jón rings the church bell to call the villagers to church. He also goes to sea every morning on his small fishing boat. One day in early December, Séra Jón is very sleep-deprived from composing a new Christmas carol which he plans to play on the church bells on Christmas Eve. Séra Jón takes a nap as the boat sails out to sea, but oversleeps. When he wakes up, the boat is out of fuel in the middle of the ocean, with no land in sight. Séra Jón needs to find a way to get back home before Christmas so that he can ring the bell on Christmas.

</doc>
<doc id="30935886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935886" title="Albert Herren">
Albert Herren

Albert Herren (born June 8, 1952 in Fall River, Massachusetts) is an American politician who represented the 6th Bristol District in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1985–1997.

</doc>
<doc id="30935892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935892" title="Aarón Fernández Sorroche">
Aarón Fernández Sorroche

Aarón Fernández Sorroche (born May 8, 1985 in Tarragona, Catalonia), is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for CP Cacereño, as a midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="30935902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935902" title="William Wilkinson (diplomat)">
William Wilkinson (diplomat)

William Wilkinson was British Consul to the principalities of Wallachia and Moldavia
He wrote a book "An Account of the Principalities of Wallachia and Moldavia: With Various Political Observations Relating to Them" (1820).

</doc>
<doc id="30935905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935905" title="Estadio Las Gaunas (1923)">
Estadio Las Gaunas (1923)

Estadio Las Gaunas was a multi-use stadium in Logroño, Spain. It was initially used as the stadium of CD Logroñés matches. It was replaced by the current Estadio Las Gaunas in 2002. The capacity of the stadium was 14,895 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="30935908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935908" title="2011 Abierto Mexicano Telcel – Women's Singles Qualifying">
2011 Abierto Mexicano Telcel – Women's Singles Qualifying

This article displays the qualifying draw of the 2011 Abierto Mexicano Telcel.

</doc>
<doc id="30935916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935916" title="Sergio Enrique Ruiz-Tlapanco">
Sergio Enrique Ruiz-Tlapanco

Sergio Enrique Ruiz Tlapanco (alias "Z-44") is a Mexican drug lord of Los Zetas and one of the original founders. 
Arrest.
He was captured on September 9, 2009. The government of Mexico had listed Ruiz Tlapanco as one of its 37 most-wanted drug lords and offered the equivalent of over $1 million USD for information leading to his capture. 
Kingpin Act sanction.
On 24 March 2010, the United States Department of the Treasury sanctioned Ruiz-Tlapanco under the Foreign Narcotics Kingpin Designation Act (sometimes referred to simply as the "Kingpin Act"), for his involvement in drug trafficking along with fifty-three other international criminals and ten foreign entities. The act prohibited U.S. citizens and companies from doing any king of business activity with him, and virtually froze all his assets in the U.S.

</doc>
<doc id="30935941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935941" title="Kōsuke Meguro">
Kōsuke Meguro

, better known by his stage name (born January 31, 1954) is a Japanese actor and voice actor from Tokyo. He is currently affiliated with Sigma Seven. He has also worked under the names of and .

</doc>
<doc id="30935947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935947" title="Emscher-Lippe-Halle">
Emscher-Lippe-Halle

Emscher-Lippe-Halle is an indoor sporting arena located in Gelsenkirchen, Germany. It is used for various indoor events and is the home arena of the ice hockey team EHC Gelsenkirchen. It also hosted the annual Bofrost Cup on Ice figure skating event. The capacity of the arena is 2,600 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="30935973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935973" title="Tom Calder">
Tom Calder

Thomas Charles "Tom" Calder (17 December 1917 – 23 June 1997) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL). He is a member of the Queensland Football Hall of Fame.
Although born in Victoria, Calder played his early football in Tasmania and started his senior career at North Hobart in 1935. While with North Hobart, Calder suffered a serious on-field injury and had a have a kidney removed. 
A centre-half back, he made his way to Queensland Australian National Football League club Ascot in 1940 and joined the Royal Australian Air Force in the same year, serving as a pilot during the war. 
Calder was posted at Melbourne in 1945 and was joined VFL club South Melbourne, with whom he would make five successive appearances from round 14. Although the club went on to make the grand final, Calder wasn't selected in any finals fixtures. 
When Calder returned to the QANFL in 1946, it was with Mayne, but after just one season he crossed to Coorparoo as captain-coach. He represented Queensland at interstate football regularly post war, until 1953, including matches in the 1947 Hobart and 1950 Brisbane Carnivals. In 1948 he was captain-coach of Queensland and had his most successful season with Coorparoo, winning the league's Grogan Medal. Calder won the award once more in 1950 and after retiring continued his involvement in Queensland football as an administrator.

</doc>
<doc id="30935980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935980" title="Fortified Sector of Boulay">
Fortified Sector of Boulay

The Fortified Sector of Boulay ("Secteur Fortifiée de Boulay") was the French military organization that in 1940 controlled the section of the Maginot Line to the north and east of Metz in northeastern France. The left (western) wing of the Boulay sector was among the earliest and strongest portions of the Maginot Line. The right wing, started after 1931, was progressively scaled back in order to save money during the Great Depression. It was attacked in 1940 by German forces in the Battle of France. Despite the withdrawal of the mobile forces that supported the fixed fortifications, the sector successfully fended off German assaults before the Second Armistice at Compiègne. The positions and their garrisons finally surrendered on 27 June 1940. Following the war many positions were reactivated for use during the Cold War. Three locations are now preserved and open to the public.
Concept and organization.
The Boulay sector was part of the larger Fortified Region of Metz, a strongly defended area between the Ardennes to the west and the Sarre valley to the east. The Metz region was more important during the planning and construction phase of the Maginot Line than it was in the operational phase of the Line, when the sectors assumed prominence. The Fortified Region of Metz was dissolved as a military organization on 18 March 1940.
The Boulay sector was of two natures. The left, or western wing, was as strong as any place in the Line, with Hackenberg, one of the two largest Maginot "ouvrages". The right, eastern wing received a lower priority and less funding. Many of the "petit ouvrages" that were built were to be augmented in the second cycle of construction that was to start in 1940, receiving remote entrances, underground barracks, or links between isolated positions in addition to additional combat blocks.
Command.
The Boulay sector was under the overall command of the French 3rd Army, headquartered at Fort Jeanne d'Arc at Metz, under the command of General Charles Condé, which was in turn part of Army Group 2 under General André-Gaston Prételat. The SF Boulay was commanded by General Besse until late June 1940, then Colonel Cochinard. The command post moved several times. In May 1940 it was located at the Château Marivaux at Hayes. The interval troops, the army formations that were to provide the mobile defense for the sector, to support and be supported by the fixed defenses, were under the command of the 6th Corps ("6e Corps d'Armee"), General Loizeau, commander. The 6th Corps was in turn made up of the 42nd and 26th Infantry Divisions, as well as the British 51st (Highland) Infantry Division, a detached part of the British Expeditionary Force. Artillery support for the sector was provided by the 153rd Position Artillery Regiment ("Régiment d'Artillerie de Position (RAP)"), which controlled both fixed and mobile artillery, commanded by Chef d'Escadron Charly. The 42nd ID was made up of active-service troops, while the 26th ID was a Class A reserve formation.
At the midpoint of the Battle of France on 1 June 1940, the fortress troops of the SF Boulay amounted to three fortress infantry regiments in eight battalions, comprising 565 officers and 16,800 men. During the general retreat from the French frontier in mid-June the sector's mobile forces were designated the "division de marche Besse" These units were attached to the 6th Army Corps.
Description.
The sector includes, in order from west to east, the following major fortified positions, together with the most significant casemates and infantry shelters in each sub-sector: In addition to the unconstructed "ouvrage" at Hill 237, a similar position was proposed but not built at Hill 224/Guirlange.
Sub-sector of Hombourg-Budange.
164th Fortress Infantry Regiment ("164e Régiment d'Infanterie de Forteresse (RIF)"), Lt. Colonel Priquet, followed by Commandant Orgebin in June 1940, command post at the Château de Hombourg-Budange
Peacetime barracks and support:
Sub-sector of Burtoncourt.
132nd Fortress Infantry Regiment ("162e Régiment d'Infanterie de Forteresse (RIF)"), Lt. Colonel Sohier, command post at Huhnerbusch in the Bois de Villers
Peacetime barracks and support:
Sub-sector of Tromborn.
161st Fortress Infantry Regiment ("161e Régiment d'Infanterie de Forteresse (RIF)"), Lt. Colonel Viret, command post at Boulay
X1
Peacetime barracks and support:
Sub-sector of Narbéfontaine.
160th Fortress Infantry Regiment ("160e Régiment d'Infanterie de Forteresse (RIF)"), Lt. Colonel Bouet, command post at Gros-Bois, Narbéfontaine. The sector was transferred from the SF Faulquemont on 25 September 1939.
Peacetime barracks and support:
History.
The construction of the left wing of the SF Boulay took place between 1929 and 1935. During the Phoney War, the sector was used for public relations visits by celebrities and heads of state. Hackenberg, for instance, was visited by King George VI on 9 December 1939.
Battle of France.
During the early part of the Battle of France in May, 1940, the SF Boulay was relatively quiet, with no serious engagement between French and German forces. However, by late May, the entire French army contemplated extreme measures to avoid being surrounded and defeated by the rapid German advance. In early June in the face of the German assault, and with the collapse of the left wing of the French armies in Flanders, all fortress units attached to the Third Army were ordered to prepare for withdrawal to the south and west between 14 and 17 June The interval personnel of the SF Boulay were to be consolidated into a "division de marche" entitled the DM "Besse", consisting of the 160th, 161st, 162nd and 164th RIFs, together with the 153rd RAP and miscellaneous artillery units. On 13 June the troops of the field army in the intervals between fortifications began to withdraw towards the south, followed the next day by the fortress units designated for withdrawal. The withdrawal left the "ouvrage" garrisons in their positions to cover the withdrawal of the interval troops and the fortress infantry assigned to the "divisions de marche". The DM "Besse" was assigned to the 6th Corps.
Amongst the units left behind to cover the retreat and to continue to man the fortifications, the garrisons had orders to sabotage their positions and to retreat in turn on the 17th. The garrisons in the Boulay and Falquemont sectors were ordered to prepare for withdrawal to avoid their isolation by German units operating behind the lines. As it became clear that retreat was impractical, the orders were countermanded. A poorly understood telephone call from Ouvrage Anzeling on the 15th caused the reservists manning Bousse to evacuate the position between 1600 and 2100 hours. Before departing they sabotaged their equipment, including their telephone switchboard, preventing them from receiving the counter-order to remain in place. After three days' march, the garrison was captured at Pange near Metz on the 18th.
Little attempt was made by the Germans to directly attack the central portion of the Maginot Line, the Germans preferring to go around the west end of the Line and take the Line from the rear. Hackenberg provided covering fire to other "ouvrages" in the area through June as the Germans advanced eastwards behind French lines. On 15 June the German 1st Army broke through the Line at the Saar and pushed west and east along the Line, enveloping the French armies in the northeast, meeting forces of the German 16th Army that had gone around the Line in the west in May.
From the night of 15 June there was heavy German patrol activity in the area. Positions in the Boulay sector received notice that they may be required to evacuate their positions, and began to sabotage equipment. The following day remained quiet, while the evacuation notice was reversed. German patrols increased on the 17th. Anzeling fired on German forces on the surface of "ouvrage" Bousse, causing some damage to the installation. During the night of 17–18 June, German troops appeared on the surface of Anzeling blocks 1 and 3 and to the rear of the "ouvrage". The next day infiltrators were spotted between Anzeling and Berenbach. On 19–20 June Anzeling came under 105 mm and 155 mm artillery fire. Anzeling provided covering fire to Denting and Bovenberg. Anzeling provided covering fire for Mont des Welches. Intermittent firing continued on the 23rd from both sides.
Mont des Welches and Michelsberg suffered the only significant German assaults during the campaign. The German 95th Infantry Division under von Amim advanced on Michelsberg and Mont des Welches on 21 June, with advance patrols taking fire the same day. An assault using 8.8cm guns was mounted against Blocks 2 and 3, but was disrupted by fire from the entry block's cloches. Artillery fire from blocks 4 and 6 and fire from the personnel entry destroyed a German battery. Hackenberg joined to provide further support. Michelsberg repelled a full German attack on 22 June 1940, with help from Mont des Welches and Hackenberg. German artillery hit Block 3's cloches and the façade of Block 2. Block 6 destroyed a German battery with artillery fire. The German 8.8 cm guns were too far from their targets to be effective, and the "gros ouvrages" were able to give mutual fire support as intended. On the 22nd a German party came to Anzeling for a parley, asking for the surrender of the "ouvrage", which was refused. Von Arnim's 8.8 cm guns were sent to other sectors, and he contented himself with waiting for further developments. Intermittent firing continued on the 23rd from both sides. The 24th was quiet, with supporting fire for Mont des Welches. As a result of the armistice of 25 June 1940, a cease-fire went into effect of 25 June. During the following days the minefields surrounding the "ouvrages" were removed and the French commanders negotiated terms for a surrender. On 3 July Anzeling surrendered to German forces.
Berenbach and the positions to its east played no significant role in either the Battle of France in 1940 or the Lorraine Campaign of 1944, although on 21 June Mottenberg fired in support of Ouvrage Kerfent, its neighbor in the SF Faulquemont. With the exception of the mistakenly-evacuated Bousse, all of the "ouvrages" remained under French control for a time after the armistice of 25 June 1940. Hackenberg's garrison evacuated on 4 July 1940.
In the following years under German occupation, Hackenberg, Anzeling and Michelsberg were used as bombproof factories. Mont des Welches was partially appropriated by the "Reichspost", serving as a depot for post office equipment.
Units.
The 160th Fortress Infantry Regiment held the Narbéfontaine sub-sector and its three "petit ouvrages". The regiment's interval troops retreated beginning 13 June toward Metz and Nancy with the DM "Besse", acting as a rear-guard. The regimet's first and second battalions were captured at the crossings of the Meurthe north of Nancy between 17 and 19 June. The third battalion was captured on 18 June near Laneuveville. The fortress garrisons that had stayed in place surrendered on 2 July.
The 161st Fortress Infantry Regiment controlled the Tromborn sub-sector, with four "petit ouvrages". Its interval troops retreated toward Metz on 13 June, part of the DM "Besse". The second battalion was captured at Saint-Nicolas-de-Port on the 19th, the first ballaion the next day in the area of Meréville and Flagny. The regimental command was captured the 21st near Bois-du-Mont. The garrison units were attached to the "groupement Cochinard" and surrendered in place on 4 July.
The 162nd Fortress Infantry Regiment, or Nied Regiment, occupied the Burtoncourt sub-sector. From 13 June the regiment's interval troops were attached to the DM "Besse".
The 164th Fortress Infantry Regiment was in charge of the Hombourg-Budange sub-sector, with three "gros ouvrages" including Hackenberg. From 13 June the 164th's interval battalions were attached to the "division de marche Poissot". They retreated in the direction of Metz, becoming part of the DM "Besse" on 15 June. The first and second battalions were captured near Épinal on 20–21 June, while the third battalion was captured 21 June while defending the crossings of the Moselle at Vitrimont. The garrisons left behind were assigned to the "Cochinard" group, surrendering in place on 4 July. A remnant force under Captain Berthomieu retreated southwards and finally stood down at Avignon on 4 August.
Lorraine Campaign.
During the Occupation, the Germans occupied Hackenberg and posed a considerable obstacle to American advances in 1944 during the Lorraine Campaign. Although much of Hackenberg's armament had been removed for use in the Atlantic Wall, some of the heavier guns remained. On 15 November, the U.S. 90th Infantry Division encountered Hackenberg as it advanced along the length of the Maginot Line. Block 8, with its battery of 75mm guns, proved particularly troublesome, with 99 rounds falling on the American position in 90 seconds. After an attack using tank destroyers failed, the Americans used a 155mm self-propelled gun against the rear of Block 8 in the morning of 16 November. The success of this attack allowed the Americans to take the west wing on the 17th. Hackenberg was entirely occupied by American forces on the 19th, only after the retreating Germans had destroyed the M1 magazine.
No other Boulay positions played a role in the Lorraine Campaign.
"Môle de Boulay".
Following World War II, the French military reclaimed the Maginot Line with the aim of renovating and improving it against a possible attack by Warsaw Pact forces through southern Germany. The strongest positions, Hackenberg, Mont des Welches, Michelsberg, and Anzeling were designated the "môle de Boulay" ("breakwater") in 1951 and were placed back into service after a period of rehabilitation. The "petits ouvrages" from Coucou to Denting were repaired and incorporated into the breakwater as well. After the establishment of the French nuclear strike force, the importance of the Line declined, and maintenance ceased in the 1970s, with most of the casemates and "petit ouvrages" sold to the public.
Mottenberg was in poor condition and was not chosen for renovation.
Present status.
Hackenberg, Michelsberg and Bousse are operated as museums and are open to the public. The remainder are either privately owned or are military property, abandoned and sealed.
In 1975, residents from nearby villages started to organize sightseeing tours, which led to the founding of a volunteer association for the preservation of Hackenberg. After being abandoned, Michelsberg was used between 1978 and 1988 for the cultivation of mushrooms. Since 1993 it has been protected by a charitable organization that allows visits. The Abri de Bilmette is also being restored by the Michelsberg volunteers. Ouvrage Bousse is under the care of a preservation society, the "Association Fort aux Fresques", which organizes tours for the public. The association is named for the well-preserved frescos or wall paintings found within the "ouvrage".
Coucou, Coume Annexe Nord and Denting are privately owned, Denting and Coume Annexe Nord are stated to be in relatively good condition.
Much of Mont des Welches' equipment has been removed for use in other Maginot museums. The lands remain military property. The entrances have been buried.
Most of the other "ouvrages" have been stripped for salvage. Hobling, Berenbach, Village Coume, and the above-ground portions of Mottenberg have all been salvaged.
The Abri du Sud-du-Bichel is being restored by the "Association mémoire des intervalles de la Ligne Maginot.
In the 1980s Anzeling was used for the cultivation of mushrooms. Anzeling's M1 magazine is reportedly used as a shooting range by the "gendarmerie" and by local sports clubs. Some of its equipment has been removed for display in other Maginot "ouvrages" that are open to the public.

</doc>
<doc id="30935986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935986" title="Emmenosperma">
Emmenosperma

Emmenosperma is a small genus of mostly tropical trees in the Buckthorn family, Rhamnaceae.
The name comes from the Greek "emmeno" meaning (I cleave) and "sperma", (seed). It refers to the seeds remaining after the fruit valves have fallen away.
The following species are recognised:

</doc>
<doc id="30935993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30935993" title="Kevin Aguiar">
Kevin Aguiar

Kevin Aguiar is an American politician who represented the 7th Bristol district in the Massachusetts House of Representatives. He was first elected in a 2008 special election following Robert Correia's resignation to become Mayor of Fall River, Massachusetts. From 2000-2009, Aguiar served as a member of the Fall School Committee.
References.
On September 6, 2012, Kevin Aguiar was defeated by Alan Silvia in the Primary election. Alan Silvia will become the new elected representative of the 7th Bristol District of Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="30936003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936003" title="Rennie Memorial Presbyterian Church">
Rennie Memorial Presbyterian Church

The Rennie Memorial Presbyterian Church was established on April 23, 1950 in Amelia, Virginia. The church sits on grounds that were previously occupied by the Amelia Presbyterian Church.
Rennie congregation.
During the late 1880s, Mr. Thomas Major, father of Mr. S. T. Major, organized a Sunday School in a little school house about four miles southwest of Amelia Courthouse, Virginia. For a short period of time the Rev. George Denny preached for this small group.
After about ten years, the Sunday School moved to the crossroads known as Dutch Store. Here the group met in a very small room used by Mr. and Mrs. William Harver as a school room for their children. Mr. S. T. Major was the superintendent during this period, and the moving force who kept the Sunday School going. Regardless of the weather, bad roads, sickness, or other things which kept many members away, Mr. Major was always on hand to hold Sunday School even when only a few were present. The Rev. J. R. Rennie began preaching for the congregation in the school house.
Building and land donation.
On October 1, 1912, the Rev. D.P. Rogers became pastor of the Amelia group of churches. After his arrival, the Amelia Presbyterian Church erected the building which they are now using. In 1914, the Amelia Church offered to give the old building to the Rennie congregation. A few days after the gift, the building was torn down and was swiftly erected again by the men of the Rennie community on its present site. The current building was the old Grub Hill Episcopal Church before having been moved to the Amelia Church. It dates from 1732, making it the oldest church building in the county.
The lot on which the church was erected and the land for the adjoining cemetery were donated by Mr. S. T. Major. No greater tribute could be paid to the memory of Mr. Major than the organization of 80 charter members into a rapidly growing church with a full, well-rounded program.
Rennie Memorial Presbyterian Church.
On April 23, 1950, the congregation established itself as a separate and independent church becoming Rennie Memorial Presbyterian Church. The ruling elders for this newly organized church were W. L. Reames, James Campbell, L. I. Major, and C. C. Bishop. The deacons were Woodrow Arrington, O. R. Tomlinson, Clyde Bishop, Lester Curtis, and James Lee Hall. The Rev. Douglas Wilkinson was the minister at the time. The church continued to grow and its need to expand became evident. In the early 1960s, the church building grew to accommodate four Sunday School rooms, a basement Fellowship Hall, kitchen, and storage area. Members were able to contribute to the building fund by use of the “Joash Chest,” into which the Sunday School also contributed with its collections from the first Sunday of each month.
Cluster system.
By the late-1960’s, a plan was proposed by the Presbytery for a cluster system to be formed among the Rennie Memorial, the Amelia, the Pine Grove, and the Mattoax churches. These four churches called their first pastor to begin serving them in January, 1974. During this time, ACTS (Amelia Cluster Teens) group became very active in the community.
In 1987, Amelia Presbyterian Church requested to withdraw from the cluster system. The remaining three congregations arranged a system where one minister could serve them. Rennie Memorial opted to have services early on Sunday mornings to accommodate such a necessity, while the Mattoax and the Pine Grove congregations worshiped together with the same minister. 
In 1999, the cluster system ended, with the Mattoax and the Pine Grove congregations withdrawing from the Amelia Presbyterian Cluster. They continued to worship together with their pastor, the Rev. Patrice Bittner-Humphreys.
Modern ministry.
In the 2000s, Rennie Memorial has continued to serve God through education and Biblical learning—in the same way it began in the 1880s. The congregation has shifted its approach in ministry from having full-time pastors to having student interns who stay for various durations in order to learn ministry in a congregational setting. Rennie Memorial is a church that is proud of its heritage and history, and it continues looking toward the future in service to God’s kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="30936007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936007" title="Raúl Lucio Hernández Lechuga">
Raúl Lucio Hernández Lechuga

Raúl Lucio Hernández Lechuga, alias "El Lucky" and "Z-16", is a former Mexican drug lord and one of the original founders of the criminal group Los Zetas. The government of Mexico had listed Hernández Lechuga as one of its 37 most wanted drug lords and offered the equivalent of over $2 million USD for information leading to his capture. 
Kingpin Act sanction.
On 24 March 2010, the United States Department of the Treasury sanctioned Hernánez Lechuga under the Foreign Narcotics Kingpin Designation Act (sometimes referred to simply as the "Kingpin Act"), for his involvement in drug trafficking along with fifty-three other international criminals and ten foreign entities. The act prohibited U.S. citizens and companies from doing any king of business activity with him, and virtually froze all his assets in the U.S.
Arrest.
He was apprehended in Córdoba, Veracruz on 12 December 2011, and was believed to have controlled operations for Los Zetas in over 10 states in Mexico. In addition, one of his bodyguards was killed; authorities also found 133 rifles, five grenade launchers, 29 grenades and 36 pistols at the scene of the raid. SEMAR also found bulletproof vests with the letter "Z", the Zetas symbol, on the front. After his arrest, Zetas leader Fernando Martínez Magaña (alias "Z-17") took his place in the organization. He was arrested by Mexican law enforcement, however, on 15 May 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="30936016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936016" title="2100 series">
2100 series

2100 series may refer to the following Japanese train types.

</doc>
<doc id="30936018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936018" title="Chairman of Committees (New Zealand House of Representatives)">
Chairman of Committees (New Zealand House of Representatives)

The Chairman of Committees was an elected position of the New Zealand House of Representatives. The role existed between 1854 and 1992. The roles of the Chairman of Committees were to deputise for the Speaker, and to chair the House when it was in committee. The role is now carried out by the Deputy Speaker. The role of Chairman of Committees also existed for the Legislative Council.
Establishment.
The position was established during the first session of the 1st New Zealand Parliament. Parliament first convened on 24 May 1854, and on 21 June of that year, Auckland lawyer Frederick Merriman was elected as its first Chairman of Committees. The role also existed for the Legislative Council, was established in 1865 and first held by Mathew Richmond.
Role.
The chief role of the Chairman of Committees was to chair the House when it was in committee (i.e., considering a bill at committee stage) or preside in the absence of the Speaker or when the Speaker so requested. These arrangements were based on those of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom.
The Chairman of Committees ceased to hold office on the dissolution of Parliament, but was remunerated until the next Parliament first met, when it then had a chance to elect a new Chairman.
Until 1992, the Chairman of Committees was known as the Deputy Speaker only when presiding over the House. That year, the position of Deputy Speaker was made official under the Standing Orders, and the role of Chairman of Committees was discontinued. The first Deputy Speaker was appointed on 10 November 1992.
Office holders.
The following is a list of Chairmen of Committees of the House of Representatives:
Key
1 Also served as Speaker

</doc>
<doc id="30936030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936030" title="Peter K. Wood">
Peter K. Wood

Peter Kenneth Wood is a Baltimore-based corporate magician who has appeared at the Maryland Zoo, FBI Headquarters, and for companies like Toys R Us and Frito-Lay. Peter stars with his brother Matthew Wood in the Do Some Magic instructional DVD series, available in libraries nationwide.
In 2003, his work with Immersion Active (an interactive design and marketing company in Frederick, Maryland) gained the attention of local media, and won him a Silver Addy Award from the Greater Frederick American Advertising Federation.
Peter and his brother were profiled in a 2009 Frederick News-Post article, where Peter discusses his interest in magic as well as special effects. "'When I would play as a kid, it would usually involve setting up special effects in the backyard with a sprinkler and strobe light, or putting on a show in the basement with sound effects and lighting.'" Peter's childhood interest in special effects has led to his involvement behind the scenes of several films.
Peter resides in Towson, Maryland with his wife Christie.

</doc>
<doc id="30936049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936049" title="Photography in Korea">
Photography in Korea

The practice of photography in Korea was delayed until the late 19th century, because of the Yi Dynasty's (李朝) policy forbidding contact with foreigners.
First some, but few, foreign photographers, such as Felix Beato, took photographs in Korea or of Korean people outside of Korea in the 1860s and 1870s.
In the late 19th century, some Korean photographers appeared. Kim Yong-Won, who was the first professional photographer in Korea, opened a photo studio in 1883. In 1884, Ji Un-Young and Hwang Chul respectively opened studios. But activities of these studios did not lead to the prosperity of photography in Korea.
In 1910, Japan colonised Korea and after that, Japanese photographers became very active in Korea. On the other hand, Kyong-sung Photographers' Association (京城写真師会) was founded in 1926. Further, during the 1930s many Korean amateur photographers appeared, such as "70 amateur photography clubs with up to 1000 members." But the Japanese Government restricted Korean photographers' activities during World War II.
After World War II, amateur photographers' group, Chosun Photo Art Study Group (Choson Sajin Yesul Yonguhui) was formed in 1945. Art photography was dominant tendency among amateur photographers during this period.
South Korea.
In the 1960s after the Korean War, photojournalism and commercial photography were emerging.
After the 1970s, photography became very popular in South Korea and now is still very popular among Koreans.

</doc>
<doc id="30936063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936063" title="2001–02 United States network television schedule (Saturday morning)">
2001–02 United States network television schedule (Saturday morning)

This was the United States broadcast television schedule on the four commercial television networks airing entertainment programming on Saturday mornings for the season beginning in the fall of 2001 and ending in the spring of 2002. All times are Eastern and Pacific. 
New series in bold.

</doc>
<doc id="30936070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936070" title="Love Tester">
Love Tester

The Love Tester is a novelty toy made by Nintendo in 1969. Designed "for young ladies and men", the device tries to determine how much two people love each other. To operate the device, both users grab one of the connected spherical metal sensors with one hand and hold each other's hands with the other; then, the meter on the device displays, on a scale between 1 and 100, their "love score".
The Love Tester was featured as a "DooDad" in for the Nintendo Game Boy Advance and as the "Prototype Detector" in Pikmin 2 for Nintendo GameCube and Nintendo Wii. It also appears as a collectible item in .
The Love Tester was designed by Gunpei Yokoi (eventual creator of the Game & Watch series and the original Game Boy), who said that he "loved explaining that the meter gave better results when people kissed the girl..." It was the first product by Nintendo to use real electronic components. It was also one of the few products by Nintendo during the 1960s that was sold outside of Japan. The device was marketed in Western markets as a "Love/Lie Detector". It was also released as part of a "Mini Game Series", and other versions of the device were packaged differently and contained English instructions. It was advertised heavily on Japanese television, in which its commercial has gained a cult following. It originally sold for .
In July 2010, the Love Tester was re-released in Japan by Tenyo, which features the original packaging. This version is officially endorsed by Nintendo. Website Destructoid reported that the device currently sells for US$55. The Love Tester is considered one of the most sought-after products from Nintendo's earlier years and is considered one of the more unusual products created by Nintendo.

</doc>
<doc id="30936079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936079" title="Ostrauer Volksblatt">
Ostrauer Volksblatt

Ostrauer Volksblatt ('Ostrava People's Paper'), later renamed Der Kampf ('The Struggle'), was a German-language socialist newspaper published in Austria, later Czechoslovakia. It was founded as a weekly newspaper by the social democratic association in Moravská Ostrava (today a district of Ostrava).
It was printed by Verlag Wilhelm Niessner in Brünn, from 1917 it was printed by Verlag Josef Herrman in Moravian Ostrava.
In 1919 it became a regional organ of the German Social Democratic Workers Party in the Czechoslovak Republic.
In March 1921 it was converted into a daily newspaper, renamed 'Der Kampf'. It was now a regional organ of the Communist Party of Czechoslovakia for Moravia and Silesia. It was now printed from Brünn/Brno. After a year, the newspaper moved to Liberec. The publication was discontinued in 1922.

</doc>
<doc id="30936098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936098" title="S. K. Sahni">
S. K. Sahni

S K Sahni is a retired lieutenant general in the Indian Army. On February 19, 2011, he was sentenced to jail by a general court martial in Jalandhar on six charges of "intent to defraud" relating to food past its expiry date which was supplied to Indian Army troops in Jammu and Kashmir. This was the first instance when a retired Indian Army lieutenant general was jailed by a court martial. 

</doc>
<doc id="30936121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936121" title="Michael J. Wytrwal">
Michael J. Wytrwal

Michael J. Wytrwal (12 September 1882, Kraków, Poland – 21 January 1970) was one of the successful businessmen and entrepreneurs of the early 1900s in Amsterdam, New York. He was actively engaged in managing a diversified portfolio of business interests that serve as the precursor to today's conglomerate. These interests include real estate, pharmaceuticals, furniture, timber holdings, insurance, contracting, consumer goods, banking and financial services, textiles, and energy via the M. J. Wytrwal Coal & Oil Company in upstate New York.
At the age of 14, Wytrwal immigrated to the United States through Ellis Island, and moved to Amsterdam, a city located in Montgomery County, New York, just in time for the initial stellar growth of the booming textile, carpet and rug-making industries, powered by the rushing waters of the Chuctenunda Creek into the Mohawk River. These textile mills, run by the Sanfords, Bigelows, Shuttleworths and others, employed thousands of new immigrants, made superior floor covering products, and generated tremendous wealth for their shareholders. They were the building blocks of what is now known as Mohawk Industries of Calhoun, Georgia. This wealth generation and concentration in a small city of upstate New York resulted in the Fulton-Montgomery County region having the largest number of millionaires on a per capita basis in the U.S. during the early 1900s.
Wytrwal was one of the founding members and initial investors in forming the Amsterdam Federal Savings and Loan Association, a privately owned bank also known as the “Polish Bank” on Church Street. Many years later, the bank conducted an initial public offering and went public under the ticker symbol AFED, (Amsterdam Federal Savings) on October 1, 1996. AFED later merged with Amsterdam Savings Bank to form Mohawk Community Bank, which was later acquired by Hudson River Bank & Trust, and is now part of First Niagara Financial Group, a US$21 billion bank based in Buffalo, New York.
He was widely recognized as one of the leading and prosperous merchants of Amsterdam and enjoyed and “unassailable reputation for integrity and reliability”.
Wytrwal was actively in engaged in federal, state and local politics and assisted President Franklin D. Roosevelt in implementing various economic relief programs during the Great Depression of the 1930s and was known as the “Polish Mayor” of Amsterdam.
Early life.
Wytrwal was born on September 12, 1882 in Kraków, Poland, and attended public schools there through the age of 14. In 1896, he sought out adventure and opportunity, immigrated to the US through Liberty Island, initially settling in Scranton, Pennsylvania. He stayed there for six months and then moved north to Amsterdam, New York.
Family and personal life.
Wytrwal was married twice — first to Ms. Mamie Brudzdowski on October 26, 1904, who died on February 26, 1906. He was re-married on May 24, 1907 to Ms. Josephine Bruzdowski. He had a total of 7 children — one son from his first marriage, and another son and five daughters in his second marriage.
Wytrwal died on January 21, 1970 at the age of 81. He is survived by numerous children, grandchildren, great-grandchildren, and great, great-grandchildren.
Notable descendents of Michael Wytrwal include Ms. Mary Anne Krupsak, an attorney, entrepreneur, and the former Lieutenant Governor of New York during the 1970s who was one of the leading pioneers of women’s rights, and Colonel Edmund Luzine, Afghan and Iraq veteran, professor and pioneer global emerging markets investor.
Wytrwal International, LLC — is a consulting and advisory firm with offices in New York and Virginia, focused on natural resources, energy, commodities, defense, and information technology that is managed by Ed Luzine - Michael Wytrwal's great-grandson.

</doc>
<doc id="30936145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936145" title="Robert Correia">
Robert Correia

Robert Correia (born January 3, 1939 in Fall River, Massachusetts) is an American politician who represented the 7th Bristol District in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1977–2008 and served as Mayor of Fall River, Massachusetts from 2008–2010.

</doc>
<doc id="30936166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936166" title="Suez Canal Bridge (disambiguation)">
Suez Canal Bridge (disambiguation)

Suez Canal Bridge may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30936169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936169" title="Criollas de Caguas squads">
Criollas de Caguas squads

This article shows past squads from the Puerto Rican women's professional volleyball team Criollas de Caguas from the Liga de Voleibol Superior Femenino.
2009.
"As of February 2009"
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="30936178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936178" title="Diving at the 1951 Asian Games">
Diving at the 1951 Asian Games

Diving was contested from March 10 to March 11 at the 1951 Asian Games in New Delhi, India.
Participating nations.
A total of 5 athletes from 2 nations competed in diving at the 1951 Asian Games:
Results.
3 m springboard.
10 March
10 m platform.
11 March

</doc>
<doc id="30936179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936179" title="Laurin">
Laurin

Laurin is both a surname and a given name. Notable people with the name include:
Surname:
Given name:

</doc>
<doc id="30936199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936199" title="Merrill Leroy Ellis">
Merrill Leroy Ellis

Merrill Leroy Ellis (9 December 1916, Cleburne, Texas – 12 July 1981, Denton, Texas) was an American composer, performer, and experimental music researcher. He is most known for his work with electronic (analog) and intermedia compositions, new compositional techniques, development of new instruments, and exploration of new notation techniques for scoring and performance.
Education.
Ellis studied privately with Roy Harris, Spencer Norton (b. 1909; d. 1978), and Charles Garland (University of Missouri).
Career.
Merrill Ellis taught music theory and composition during the 1950s at the Joplin Junior College (now Missouri Southern State University) in Joplin Missouri. 
Ellis founded the electronic music program at the University of North Texas College of Music shortly after he began teaching there in 1962. North Texas acquired its first Moog Machine for use in Merrill Ellis' studio, late 1965. Ellis was a pioneer in composing and performing live multimedia music on Moogs from the mid to late 1960s. He worked with Robert Moog to design the second Moog synthesizer ever made to be portable for him and his doctoral students to use during performances. Robert Moog gave a nod to Ellis by naming this second model the E-II. It was Moog's second synthesizer and Ellis' second Moog. In March 1970, a Tucson newspaper (Tucson Daily Citizen) mentioned that he had brought a Moog (smaller than the North Texas studio model) for a live performance of "Kaleidoscope." 
The electronic music center at North Texas was one of the few in the southwest in the early 1960s. According to Ellis in a 1970 interview, Columbia-Princeton Electronic Music Center (in New York City) was the largest and oldest. Yale University, University of Toronto, and University of Illinois had prolific computer music labs, too.
The Center for Experimental Music and Intermedia (CEMI) at North Texas is an outgrowth of his accomplishments. When the College of Music designed and erected a new music complex in the late 1970s, a "new music" theater was designed and named "The Merrill Ellis Intermedia Theater" or "MEIT."
Selected compositions.
Instrumental works
Awards & honors.
Ellis became a member of ASCAP in 1966.
References.
General references
Inline citations

</doc>
<doc id="30936234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936234" title="Kyle Waldrop">
Kyle Waldrop

Steven Kyle Waldrop (born October 27, 1985) is a professional baseball pitcher who has played in Major League Baseball with the Minnesota Twins.
Kyle Waldrop was the Twins' third pick in the first round of the 2004 Major League Baseball draft, when the Twins had five first-round picks. He was the 25th player drafted that year.
A native of Knoxville, Tennessee and a 2004 graduate of Farragut High School in Farragut, Tennessee, Waldrop has played for Twins minor-league teams in Elizabethton, Tennessee, Beloit, Wisconsin, Fort Myers, Florida, New Britain, Connecticut, and Rochester, New York.
Waldrop missed the entire 2008 season due to a shoulder injury.
In 2011, he was one of six pitchers not on the Twins' major league roster to be invited to the team's spring training camp in Fort Myers.
On September 5, 2011, Waldrop was called up from Rochester with Brian Dinkelman.
In January 2013, Waldrop signed with the Pittsburgh Pirates.

</doc>
<doc id="30936235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936235" title="Chap (instrument)">
Chap (instrument)

A chap or chhap (, ) is a percussion instrument. It is made from metal, as is a ching, but is thinner. There are two kinds of chap: chap lek and chap yai. A chap lek's diameter is 12-14 cm. A chap yai's diameter is 24-26 cm.

</doc>
<doc id="30936238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936238" title="List of nuclear and radiation accidents by death toll">
List of nuclear and radiation accidents by death toll

There have been more than 20 nuclear and radiation accidents involving fatalities. These involved nuclear power plant accidents, nuclear submarine accidents, radiotherapy accidents and other mishaps.
Chernobyl disaster.
4,000 fatalities – Chernobyl disaster, Ukraine, April 26, 1986. 56 direct deaths (47 accident workers and nine children with thyroid cancer) and it is estimated that there were 4,000 extra cancer deaths among the approximately 600,000 most highly exposed people.
Estimates of the total number of deaths potentially resulting from the Chernobyl disaster vary enormously: Thirty one deaths are directly attributed to the accident, all among the reactor staff and emergency workers. A UNSCEAR report places the total confirmed deaths from radiation at 64 as of 2008. The World Health Organization (WHO) suggests it could reach 4,000 civilian deaths, a figure which does not include military clean-up worker casualties. A 2006 report predicted 30,000 to 60,000 cancer deaths as a result of Chernobyl fallout. A Greenpeace report puts this figure at 200,000 or more. A disputed Russian publication, , concludes that 985,000 premature cancer deaths occurred worldwide between 1986 and 2004 as a result of radioactive contamination from Chernobyl.
Fukushima disaster.
The Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster has no confirmed casualties from radiation exposure.
The United Nations Scientific Committee on the Effects of Atomic Radiation (UNSCEAR), released a report on the Fukushima accident April 2nd, 2014. It stated that the scientists have found no evidence to support the idea that the nuclear meltdown in Japan in 2011 will lead to an increase in cancer rates or birth defects.
http://www.unscear.org/unscear/en/fukushima.html
None of the workers at the plant have died from acute radiation poisoning.
http://www.japantimes.co.jp/news/2012/05/25/news/radiation-didnt-cause-fukushima-no-1-deaths-u-n/#.U2--DyiJvM0
Kyshtym disaster.
The Kyshtym disaster, which occurred at Mayak in the Soviet Union, was rated as a level 6 on the International Nuclear Event Scale, the third most severe incident after Chernobyl and Fukushima. Because of the intense secrecy surrounding Mayak, it is difficult to estimate the death toll of Kyshtym. One book claims that "in 1992, a study conducted by the Institute of Biophysics at the former Soviet Health Ministry in Chelyabinsk found that 8,015 people had died within the preceding 32 years as a result of the accident." By contrast, only 6,000 death certificates have been found for residents of the Tech riverside between 1950 and 1982 from all causes of death, though perhaps the Soviet study considered a larger geographic area affected by the airborne plume. The most commonly quoted estimate is 200 deaths due to cancer, but the origin of this number is not clear. More recent epidemiological studies suggest that around 49 to 55 cancer deaths among riverside residents can be associated to radiation exposure. This would include the effects of all radioactive releases into the river, 98% of which happened long before the 1957 accident, but it would not include the effects of the airborne plume that was carried north-east. The area closest to the accident produced 66 diagnosed cases of chronic radiation syndrome, providing the bulk of the data about this condition.
Windscale fire.
33+ cancer fatalities (estimated by UK government) – Windscale, United Kingdom, October 8, 1957. Fire ignites plutonium piles and contaminates surrounding dairy farms. Windscale was an air-cooled graphite-moderated reactor with no containment structure. A significant contributing factor was that the graphite caught fire.

</doc>
<doc id="30936241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936241" title="Charles E. Chubb">
Charles E. Chubb

Charles Edward Chubb (1845–1930) was a judge in the Supreme Court of Queensland, Australia. He was also a Member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly and an Attorney-General of Queensland.
Early life.
Charles Chubb was born on 17 May 1845 in London, England. His father was Charles Frederick Chubb, a solicitor, and his mother was Sarah, née Bennett. He had four siblings. When he was 16 he moved to Ipswich, Queensland, and became a solicitor in 1867.
In 1870 Chubb married Christian Westgarth, with whom he had five children. Three survived to adulthood.
Politics.
On 5 January 1883, Pope Alexander Cooper, the Attorney-General of Queensland and member for Bowen in the Queensland Legislative Assembly, resigned. Charles E. Chubb, who had been appointed Attorney-General on 6 January 1883, won the resulting by-election on 18 January 1883. He held the seat until 19 May 1888 (the 1888 Queensland state election).
Justice.
He became a member of the Supreme Court of Queensland on 2 December 1889, serving first at Townsville until 1908, and then at Brisbane. He retired from the court in 1922.
Later life.
Chubb died in Brisbane on 27 February 1930 and was buried in South Brisbane Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="30936247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936247" title="Quincy Smelter">
Quincy Smelter

The Quincy Smelter is the only remaining copper smelter in the Lake Superior region. It is located north of the Portage Lake Lift Bridge in Ripley, Michigan. It was operated by the Quincy Mine until 1972 and processed ore from 13 local mines. 
There is currently controversy over what should be done with the land which is currently owned by Franklin Township. The EPA and National Park Service want to turn the site into a historical self-tour or fishing and picnicking area. Other ideas include creating a restaurant, shops, or condos on the site and moving the Houghton headquarters for Isle Royal National Park to the site.
A fire destroyed the carpentry shop and damaged a wood storage lean-to on the site in September 2010. In early 2011, parts of the site were inventoried and made more secure. In the summer of 2011, $1 million in federal Interior Department funding will allow additional site to be inventoried, stabilized, and secured.
Some of the historic buildings at the Quincy Smelter appear in the racing games Dirt 3 and .

</doc>
<doc id="30936261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936261" title="Pro Basketball Writers Association">
Pro Basketball Writers Association

The Pro Basketball Writers Association (PBWA) is a professional organization for sportswriters who write about professional basketball, including the National Basketball Association (NBA).
History.
The idea of a professional organization like the PBWA began to be discussed in the early 1970s. One of the rationales was to improve working conditions. For NBA beat writers, the league did not have a specific policy regarding access to locker rooms, team practices, players, coaches, general managers, and other executives.
On January 18, 1972, interested sportswriters gathered formally for the first time, to begin organizing what was to become the Pro Basketball Writers Association of America (PBWAA). The meeting occurred at the Century Plaza Hotel, in Los Angeles, California, during the NBA All-Star Game weekend. The PBWAA organized formally one year later, on January 23, 1973, at a meeting in the O'Hare Hyatt Regency Hotel, in Chicago, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="30936297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936297" title="Stratton Mountain Resort">
Stratton Mountain Resort

Stratton Mountain Resort is a ski area located on Stratton Mountain in Stratton, Vermont.
History.
Stratton was established in December 1961 with three double chairlifts and a three-story base lodge. Although the mountain was top notch, the access road was a disaster. It was paved in time for the 1962-1963 season. Stratton added two T-bar lifts in time for the third season. A big expansion took place for the 1964-1965 season when the Snow Bowl was opened, bringing a double chairlift and over 30 acres of terrain. Another double chairlift was opened and the base lodge was expanded for the 1966-1967 season. In the early 1970s, following development of the initial terrain, Stratton began to develop a new beginner area; this opened in 1972 with additional trails, though plans for a new lift were not realized. In the late 1980s, Stratton constructed new terrain to the south of the main mountain, and dubbed it "Kidderbrook." The expansion included a new quad chairlift, and was planned to be a starting point for potential additional terrain and housing in the area, though this never occurred. In the late 1990s and early 2000s, the ski area constructed several new high-speed six-person lifts, and in 2007, the Kidderbrook Quad was removed and sold, as it was underused and Stratton's parent companies were in financial trouble at the time. From 1985 to 2012, Stratton hosted the Burton U.S. Open Snowboarding Championships; the premier open snowboarding event in the country. In 2013, after a 27 year run at Stratton; the event moved to Vail, CO.
Mountain statistics.
Stratton has 97 trails over of skiable terrain, 93% of which has snowmaking. 42% of the trails are rated as easy, 31% are intermediate, and 27% are advanced. There are eleven lifts, which can transport 33,528 people an hour. The mountain's base is at and the summit is at for a vertical drop of . Stratton has an average annual snowfall of . Stratton also ranks in the top 10 (SKI Magazine) for snow, grooming, lifts, terrain parks, service, lodging, dining, on-mountain food, apres and nightlife.
Trails.
Stratton has 97 trails covering over of skiable terrain.
Future Projects.
Before the 2013/2014 season, Stratton announced that it was planning to replace the Summit Gondola cabins and cable for the 2014/2015. The new cabins will fit twelve people, an upgrade from the current eight, and travel faster due to improved aerodynamics of the cabins. The cabins will also sit farther away from the towers, making the gondola able run at wind speeds above the current 25 m.p.h. limit. Stratton also plans to replace the Snow Bowl lift with a High Speed Quad Lift for either the 2014/2015 season or the 2015/2016 season. The base lodge will also be renovated in the near future.

</doc>
<doc id="30936303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936303" title="Miss Universe Thailand special awards">
Miss Universe Thailand special awards

The following tables list the winners of the special awards given to candidates at Miss Universe Thailand or "Miss Thailand Universe" pageant. 
Current awards.
Best Skin.
"Awarded since 2000 except in 2003-2006 and 2014."
Former awards.
Thai Style Beauty.
"Awarded since 2000 except in 2012."
Miss Thai Conservative.
"Awarded since 2006 except in 2009 & 2012."
Miss Healthy.
This award is also known as Miss Bing Healthy.
"Awarded since 2007 except in 2009 & 2013."

</doc>
<doc id="30936314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936314" title="Black New Japan">
Black New Japan

Black New Japan was a professional wrestling stable that competed in New Japan Pro Wrestling. Black New Japan was led by Masahiro Chono and was one of many of Chono's anti-New Japan stables.
History.
Black New Japan began around October 2004 following the 2004 G1 Climax when Masahiro Chono broke away from the New Japan army and turned heel creating a new anti-New Japan army. For his new army, Chono reunited with fellow nWo Japan and Team 2000 alumni: Scott Norton, New Japan wrestler: Manabu Nakanishi, & Makai Club alumni: Makai #1 (later becoming Black Strong Machine), Katsuyori Shibata, Kazunari Murakami, Mitsuya Nagai, & Ryushi Yanagisawa. In their first tour, Black New Japan competed in two tournaments. The first was on October 17, 2004 where Nagai & Shibata teamed with former Makai Club member: Ryota Chikuzen in the Yuko 6 man tag team tournament where they defeated Hiro Saito, Tatsutoshi Goto, and Toru Yano in the semi finals but lost to Shinsuke Nakamura, Blue Wolf, Katsuhiko Nakajima. On October 24, Chono and Shibata entered President Hoshino's 10,000,000 Yen Tag Tournament defeating Genichiro Tenryu and Kensuke Sasaki in the semifinals but lost to Hiroyoshi Tenzan and Shinsuke Nakamura in the finals. At Chrono Stream: Masahiro Chono 20th Anniversary on November 3, 2004. Nagai (teaming with Masayuki Naruse) to defeat Tenryu and Masanobu Fuchi to win the All Asia Tag Team Championship, later in the night Nakanishi, Norton, and Don Frye (one night member) defeated Yutaka Yoshie, Blue Wolf, and Shinsuke Nakamura, Shibata lost to Toshiaki Kawada, and in the main event, Chono teaming with Riki Choshu defeated Tenzan and Yuji Nagata. For the Battle Final 2004 tour, Black New Japan formed an alliance with Jushin Thunder Liger's stable: C.T.U. On December 9, Black New Japan took part in a best of 7 series against New Japan but lost it 3–4.
In January 2005, Shibata and Murakami left New Japan & Black New Japan to join Big Mouth LOUD. At Toukon Festival: Wrestling World 2005 on January 4, 2005, Nakanishi and Nagai entered the 8 Ultimate Royal Tournament with Nagai lost to Dolgorsuren Sumiyabazar while Nakanishi defeated Toru Yano in the first round but lost to Ron Waterman in the semifinals. Later in the night, Chono won a dogfight against Choshu and Tenzan. In February 2005, Harry Smith and Minoru Suzuki joined Black New Japan and the group would take part in several matches against the New Japan Army. On the first show on January 23, Smith defeated Hiro Saito, Nagai made a successful All Asia Tag Title defense, and Nakanishi & C.T.U.'s Minoru Tanaka defeated Tenzan and Koji Kanemoto. On January 26, Black New Japan and the New Japan Army went to battle. C.T.U. leader Jushin Thunder Liger defeated Katsushi Takemura while Koji Kanemoto and Wataru Inoue defeated Jado and Gedo to even things and the New Japan Army won a single elimination match. On February 2, Nagai lost the All Asia Tag Titles in All Japan to Bull Buchanon and Rico. On February 20, Black New Japan would win a single elimination match against New Japan Army. On March 13, Nakanishi and Norton challenged Hiroshi Tanahashi and Shinsuke Nakamura for the IWGP Tag Team Championship but lost. Following the tag title match, Nakanishi left Black New Japan to join Yujia Nagata's Team JAPAN, around the same time, Togi Makabe and Toru Yano joined the group. On June 4, 2005, Scott Norton challenged Hiroyoshi Tenzan for the IWGP Heavyweight Championship but cam up short. In June 2005, Yano and Smith entered a tournament for the IWGP U-30 Openweight Championship. Smith would finish with 4 points while Yano became a runner-up losing to Hiroshi Tanahashi in the finals.
In July 2005, Black New Japan (along with Team JAPAN and C.T.U.) would engage in several matches with New Japan Army members. On July 1, the first series would go to a tie with Black and New Japan rach getting 3 wins. Another series took place on July 17 with Black New Japan winning 4–1. In August 2005, Chono, Suzuki, Yano, and Makabe would enter the 2005 G1 Climax. Makabe would finish last in Block B with 0 Points due to injury while Yano finished in 7th place with 4 points in Block B. Suzuki would finish in 5th place with 6 points while Chono won Block A with 10 points. After defeating Shinsuke Nakamura in the semifinals, he would defeat Kazuyuki Fujita to win his 5th G1 Climax. Two months after the G1, Chono challenged Fujita for the IWGP Heavyweight Championship in a three way (also involving Brock Lesnar) at Toukon Souzou New Chapter on October 8, but lost to the match after he was pinned by Lesnar. Following Toukon Souzou, Riki Choshu returned to power in New Japan and disbanded several stables including Black New Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="30936341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936341" title="Spanish Cobras">
Spanish Cobras

The Spanish Cobras are a primarily, but not exclusively, Latino gang started in Humboldt Park in Chicago during the early 1960s. The Cobras are considered the second-largest Latino gang on the north and northwest side, with the Maniac Latin Disciples being the first. The Cobras are part of the Folk Nation; symbols include the cobra, raised pitchforks, and the initials "SC".
Within Chicago, the neighborhoods with the strongest Cobra presence are Humboldt Park, Hermosa, Logan Square and Kelvyn Park. They are also found in Cicero, and have a small presence in the McKinley Park area on the south side. They are also known to operate in other parts of Illinois, as well as Milwaukee, Racine and Kenosha in Wisconsin, and Detroit and are quite large in Flint in Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="30936363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936363" title="Azteca Theater (California)">
Azteca Theater (California)

The Azteca Theater (Teatro Azteca) is an historic Art Deco theater in the Chinatown district of Fresno, California, built by Gustavo Acosta in 1948. The theater was the first Spanish language cinema in the San Joaquin Valley, serving a growing population of Mexican-Americans in California's Central Valley.
The theater was designed by Fresno firm, Johnson & Moore Consulting Engineers who designed the Biola Theater and Johnson was involved earlier in some of the facade work on the Warnors Theater in Fresno.
In 1956 Acosta leased the Azteca Theater to Arturo Tirado who is closely associated with the theater and entertainment in the Hispanic community into the 1980s when he retired. In 1961 Tirado was President of the Spanish Pictures Exhibitors Association representing 300 movie theaters in the United States. His father Romualdo Tirado was well known in California theater and a Cantinflas.
Known as the Golden Age of Mexican Cinema, Cantinflas, Pedro Infante, María Félix, Agustín Lara, Pedro Vargas, Miguel Aceves Mejía, Pedro Armendáriz, Antonio Aguilar and José Alfredo Jiménez were among the luminaries seen at the Azteca Theater.
Besides popular films from the Mexican Cinema, singers and theatrical acts frequented the stage. The theater was a rallying point for César Chávez when he made his march from Delano to Sacramento. 
The Azteca closed in the late 1980s and was partially reopening in 1999 with an art gallery and events.

</doc>
<doc id="30936371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936371" title="Murrieta Mesa High School">
Murrieta Mesa High School

Murrieta Mesa High School (MMHS) is a comprehensive, four-year high school located in Murrieta, California. It is operated by the Murrieta Valley Unified School District. The school opened in 2009 to keep up with population growth in Murrieta. The first graduating class was the class of 2012. The school derives its name from the mesa it sits on, identified in an 1884 surveyor's map of the valley.

</doc>
<doc id="30936382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936382" title="Audio typist">
Audio typist

An audio typist is someone who specialises in typing text from an audio source which they listen to. The source, or original document is usually recorded onto microcassettes created by someone dictating into a Dictaphone. The audio typist will have learnt to touch type at a high speed which means they can look at the monitor or keep an eye on a waiting area as they are typing because they do not need to look at the keyboard. A specialist player called a micro cassette transcriber (below) is used for playback of the cassettes to maximise the typing speed.
An audio typist or a secretary with this skill will quote their speed in words per minute (abbreviated to wpm) on their CV and may be asked to demonstrate their speed and accuracy of this skill as part of the interview or application process.
Micro Cassette Transcriber.
Typical features include; headphones, foot pedals, adjustable speed control, tape counter, backspace feature, pause, search.
The headphones allow several typists to work in close proximity to each other. The foot pedals ensure hand free operation of the player freeing up the hands to type almost non stop. The pedals can be used to rewind the tape by 5 to 10 seconds (backspace feature) or pause the tape.
Stenographer.
A stenographer usually uses a special machine to type a kind of shorthand of what was said in court and they are not considered to be an audio typist. See Court Reporter for further information.
Transcriptionist.
A transcriptionist is similar to an audio typist, but the audio source is more likely to be a recording of someone speaking naturally instead of a dictation. They are more likely to work at home because they usually have no secretarial or administrative duties. Work was traditionally delivered to their desk (or home) by micro cassette but nowadays they might be given video tapes, CDs, DVDs, electronic files, etc. The work will be varied and they may be asked to type up transcripts from TV shows, interviews, talks, lectures and meetings, etc.
Medical Audio Typists and Medical Secretaries/Personal Assistants.
A medical audio typist usually types up clinical letters and notes from dictation of patients' appointments, tests, operations and procedures and may work in a hospital or health centre for one or more clinician. They may also type non-medical letters and perform other office duties such as sort mail and patient test results, answer phonecalls and provide cover for medical secretaries/personal assistants in their absence. 
A medical secretary is a secretary/personal assistant who manages the office and administrative matters of doctors, consultants and surgeons in a hospital or clinical setting. They may work for one or more clinician. Medical secretaries/PAs manage diaries, arrange and attend both general and clinical meetings to take notes and minutes, manage waiting lists - adding patients onto lists for different procedures, co-ordinating the admission and ensuring the patient has the necessary information and instruction, type up clinical and general letters from dictation, deal with phonecalls and receive and sort mail and patient test results. A medical secretary/PA may supervise, train and manage clerical staff and audio typists and perform their appraisals and annual review. As well as a general secretarial qualifications a Medical Secretary/PA usually holds a medical secretarial diploma or other specialised qualifications.
Copy Typist.
See copy typist for someone who uses a written or printed source for the documents they are typing.
External links.
http://Paid2Refer.com/ref.php?refId=163975

</doc>
<doc id="30936392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936392" title="Alfred Karram">
Alfred Karram

Alfred Karram is a United States based artist and jewelry designer.
History.
Based in New York City, formerly with a jewelry store and studio at 57th Street and Madison Avenue, Alfred Karram has designed jewelry for 40 years.
After selling his Manhattan store, he moved to South Florida and started an architecture and design business based in Boca Raton named Alfred Karram II. He developed turnkey residences in the area, including a $14M condo in Boca Raton, FL. He was joined by his wife Emilia and son Alfred Karram, Jr. in that company designing and building multi-million dollar residences throughout South Florida.
Museum Acquisitions.
In 2007, the Museum of Fine Arts in Boston, MA USA acquired an 18K Cubic bracelet for their permanent collection.
In 2008, in advance of their grand re-opening, the Museum of Arts and Design, NY, NY, USA acquired his "Cleopatra" necklace from Alfred Karram's 'Organic' collection and placed it in their permanent collection.
Family.
Alfred's children have each become artists or designers. His oldest daughter, Michelle Karram Murray, is an artist based in North Carolina. Alfred Karram, Jr. has his own architectural and design company in Miami, FL. His daughter Alexandra Karram-Feurring has an interior design business in Boca Raton, FL. His son David Karram has a website and 3D company named Tek Visual, also in Boca Raton, FL.

</doc>
<doc id="30936419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936419" title="Krap">
Krap

The krap () is Thai percussion instrument, which comes in three varieties.
The krap koo is made from two pieces of split bamboo, approximately 40 cm in length.
The krap puang is made from thin wood or brass, often consisting of a number of pieces tied with string. It is used in royal ceremonies.
The krap saepa is made from wood, like the ranat ek. It has a length of about 20 cm and a thickness of about 5 cm. The krap saepa is rectangular in shape, and is used in pairs.

</doc>
<doc id="30936420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936420" title="2011 Calgary Roughnecks season">
2011 Calgary Roughnecks season

The Calgary Roughnecks are a lacrosse team based in Calgary playing in the National Lacrosse League (NLL). The 2011 season was the 10th in franchise history. 
Despite a fairly successful 10-6 2010 season, the Roughnecks made a number of major roster changes before the 2011 season. In August 2010, the Roughnecks traded superstar forward Josh Sanderson and a draft pick to the Boston Blazers for Darryl Veltman, Jon Harnett, Kyle Ross, and a draft pick. They also traded defender Jeff Moleski to the Washington Stealth. In October, longtime captain Tracey Kelusky was traded to the Buffalo Bandits for a first-round draft pick.
Because of these changes, the Roughnecks were picked by some experts to finish out of the playoffs. But after a 5-3 start to the season, the Roughnecks won six straight, including wins over the defending champion Stealth as well as the Toronto Rock, who were first in the east at the time. The Roughnecks finished the season with the best record in the league at 11-5.
Regular season.
Game log.
Reference:
Playoffs.
Game log.
Reference:

</doc>
<doc id="30936429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936429" title="John Blair (Australian footballer)">
John Blair (Australian footballer)

John Blair (born 17 March 1955) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne, Fitzroy and St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL). He has since become a successful coach in Queensland and is currently senior coach of Morningside.
A utility, Blair spent a lot of his career as a centre-half back but was also used up forward. He had begun his career at Springvale and it was from there was he was recruited to South Melbourne. He made his VFL debut in 1975, against Footscray at Waverley Park, but it was the only game he played that season. Over the next two years he put together 23 senior appearances, only to be traded to Fitzroy during the 1978 season. He didn't play a VFL match in 1979 and in 1980 was playing for his third club, St Kilda. He appeared just twice for St Kilda and left at the end of the year, to captain-coach Queensland club Morningside.
Blair, who won the Grogan Medal in 1982, steered Morningside to the QAFL grand final ever year from 1982 to 1984. Each time they lost, but Blair would later captain-coach Windsor-Zillmere to a premiership in 1988, before retiring. He had been their best forward that season, with 96 goals. It was the second time he had been the league's leading goal-kicker, having kicked 86 goals with Morningside in 1985. Before coming to Windsor-Zillmere, he had a brief stint with Sandgate. During the 1980s he had been a regular interstate football representative, playing for Queensland 19 times.
In the early 1990s, Blair was involved in coaching with the Brisbane Bears and after some time away returned to the QAFL in 2002 to again coach Morningside. He twice coached them to back to back premierships, first in 2003 and 2004, then again in 2009 and 2010. In total he has coached 11 QAFL grand finals, for a return of five premierships.
He is the father of television actress, Natalie Blair, and the uncle of Collingwood premiership player Jarryd Blair.

</doc>
<doc id="30936430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936430" title="James Larcombe">
James Larcombe

James Larcombe (1884–1957) was a labor politician from Queensland, Australia. He was a Member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly.
Early life.
James Larcombe was born in Rockhampton, Queensland on 25 April 1884. His father, also named James Larcombe, was a butcher, and his mother was Mary (nee Lee). He was educated at the Jenkins private school in Rockhampton. As a young man, he worked as a butcher with his father and was active in the local labor movement.
Politics.
On 27 April 1912 (the 1912 Queensland state election), he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Queensland to represent the newly created electoral district of Keppel. While the MLA for Keppel, he was a minister without portfolio from 9 September 1919 to 22 October 1919. Then he was appointed as Secretary for Public Works from 22 October 1919 to 7 April 1920. Then he was Secretary for Railways (7 April 1920 to 21 May 1929). On 11 May 1929 (the 1929 Queensland state election), he was defeated by Daniel Owen of the Country and Progressive National Party.
On 11 June 1932 (the 1932 Queensland state election), he was elected again to the legislative assembly in the electoral district of Rockhampton. Again he served in a number of ministries: 
He held the seat of Rockhampton until his retirement on 19 May 1956 (the 1956 Queensland state election). 
Combining his service in Keppel and Rockhampton makes him the assembly's longest serving member with 40 years 11 months 22 days; however, Joh Bjelke-Petersen has the longest period of continuous service (40 years 6 months 28 days).
Later life.
Larcombe died in Brisbane on 21 June 1957. He never married.

</doc>
<doc id="30936446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936446" title="Aize Obayan">
Aize Obayan

Aize Imouokhome Obayan (PhD) was Vice-Chancellor of Covenant University, Canaanland, Ota, Nigeria until December 2012 when she was replaced by Professor C.K Ayo. She is also a Professor of Counselling with specialization in Multicultural aspects of Human Behavioural Disposition. 
She is married to Eng Adetokunbo Obayan Ceo/Principle partner of the leadership consultancy firm Adetokunbo obayan and associates, they have two children Toluwani and Joshua .

</doc>
<doc id="30936448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936448" title="Allen Gellman">
Allen Gellman

Allen B. Gellman (born April 19, 1906, Fegyvernek, Hungary – died September 13, 1967, Los Angeles, California) was a jewelry manufacturer and first sponsor of "You Bet Your Life", the radio (and later TV) program hosted by Groucho Marx. Gellman was elected to the Horatio Alger Association of Distinguished Americans in 1956.
Early years and career.
Allen Gellman was born as Adalbert Béla Gellman. He emigrated from Hungary to the United States in 1930, aged 24 and became a naturalized citizen on January 11, 1939. He worked as a machinist, attended night school, and began manufacturing costume jewelry.
Gellman and a partner, Joseph Weiss, owned and operated the Illinois Watch Case Company in Elgin, manufacturing compacts and cigarette lighters, and the U.S. Wind Engine and Pump Company in Batavia, making farm equipment. In 1941, with the government restricting commercial production in order to allocate material and manpower to war production, Gellman and Weiss needed a government contract. Gellman met Henry Garsson in Washington outside a congressman's office. When Garsson described his requirements for the manufacture of shells, Gellman agreed to provide the means to fill them.
Garsson and his older brother, Murray Garsson, had started a munitions contracting business in 1941. A Kentucky Congressman, Andrew J. May, chairman of the House Military Affairs Committee during World War II, facilitated the Garssons’ enterprise.
After the war, a Senate investigating committee reviewing the Garsson's munitions business discovered evidence that May had received substantial cash payments and other inducements from the Garssons.
Inventor.
Gellman held patents for lighters, compacts, filler valves, and a container for personal items. Gellman's inventiveness extended to his office desk, which he designed with hidden elevators and pivoting drawers, giving him fingertip control over everything inside.
Groucho Marx.
Gellman, president of the Elgin American Company, maker of watch cases, cigarette lighters, and compacts, was the first sponsor of "You Bet Your Life", Groucho Marx’s radio program, on ABC Radio and CBS Radio from October 1947 to January 1950. This company is unrelated to the Elgin National Watch Company.
Later life and death.
Gellman was elected to the Horatio Alger Association of Distinguished Americans, 1956. He died from cardiovascular disease, aged 61.

</doc>
<doc id="30936454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936454" title="Samuel D. Roberts">
Samuel D. Roberts

Samuel D. "Sam" Roberts (born April 3, 1956) is a Democratic member of the New York State Assembly representing the 119th Assembly District, which includes a portion of Syracuse and the towns of DeWitt, Onondaga and Salina. 
Roberts is retired from General Motors where he worked for 30 years and was a member of the United Auto Workers union. He was elected as Recording Secretary of UAW Local 465 and Chair of Local 854's Education and Civil Rights Committees.
During his employment with General Motors, Roberts also served five terms (1990–2000) as an Onondaga County Legislator, representing the county's 19th Legislative District.
He earned an associate's degree from Onondaga Community College, holds certificates in labor studies from Cornell University, and has studied at Empire State College.
Roberts is also a practitioner of martial arts, holding a sixth degree black belt in American Shotokan Karate. According to his biography, he ranked No. 1 in New York and New Jersey, top 10 in the United States and Canada, and was the winner of the World Championships prior to retirement from competition.

</doc>
<doc id="30936479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936479" title="Birdal">
Birdal

Birdal is a Turkish surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="30936503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936503" title="Marko Simonovski">
Marko Simonovski

Marko Simonovski (born 2 January 1992) is a Macedonian footballer currently playing for FK Metalurg Skopje as a striker.

</doc>
<doc id="30936511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936511" title="Red Munson">
Red Munson

Clarence Hanford "Red" Munson (July 31, 1883 – February 19, 1957) was a catcher in Major League Baseball. He played for the Philadelphia Phillies in 1905.

</doc>
<doc id="30936513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936513" title="Sigifredo Nájera-Talamantes">
Sigifredo Nájera-Talamantes

Sigifredo Nájera Talamantes (alias "El Canicón") is a Mexican drug lord of Los Zetas. 
Kingpin Act sanction.
On 24 March 2010, the United States Department of the Treasury sanctioned Nájera-Talamantes under the Foreign Narcotics Kingpin Designation Act (sometimes referred to simply as the "Kingpin Act"), for his involvement in drug trafficking along with fifty-three other international criminals and ten foreign entities. The act prohibited U.S. citizens and companies from doing any king of business activity with him, and virtually froze all his assets in the U.S.
Arrest.
He was captured on 23 March 2009. The government of Mexico had listed Nájera Talamantes as one of its 37 most-wanted drug lords and offered the equivalent of over $1 million USD for information leading to his capture.

</doc>
<doc id="30936534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936534" title="Weststar Aviation (Malaysia)">
Weststar Aviation (Malaysia)

Weststar Aviation Services Sendirian Berhad, also known as Weststar Aviation is a non-scheduled airline company based in Sultan Abdul Aziz Shah Airport. It was established in April 2003 upon the approval of the Air Operation Certificate (AOC) by the Malaysian Department of Civil Aviation (DCA). Its primary fleet consists of Eurocopter EC 120 Colibri, EC 135 Ecureuil, AS365 Dauphin and AgustaWestland AW139, their latest addition to their fleet.
Fleet.
Their current helicopter fleet consists of (as of July 2011):
The company also operates three foreign registered fixed-wing aircraft for VIP flights:

</doc>
<doc id="30936547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936547" title="1960 National 400">
1960 National 400

The 1960 National 400 was a NASCAR Grand National Series racing event that took place on October 16, 1960, at Charlotte Motor Speedway in the American community of Concord, North Carolina.
Summary.
Bob Barron and Friday Hassler would make their NASCAR Cup Series debut appearances here.
It took three hours and thirty-two minutes to complete 267 laps on a paved oval track spanning . Seven cautions were waved by NASCAR officials for 34 laps. Speedy Thompson defeated Richard Petty by one lap and twelve seconds in front of nearly 30,000 spectators while going ; helping the Wood Brothers' racing team earn their one of their first NASCAR wins as owners. Fireball Roberts was the qualifier for the pole position with a speed of . He would eventually blow a tire on lap 232; causing him to crash and lose the lead. There were fifty drivers who would ultimately participate in this event; all of them were American-born males.
Fred Lorenzen would earn the event's last-place finish for a vibration problem that he developed on lap 4; earning only $200 for that day ($ in today's money). Lowe's was one of the corporate sponsors of this racing event; they still sponsor NASCAR to this very day through frequent Sprint Cup Series champion Jimmie Johnson.

</doc>
<doc id="30936559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936559" title="Rêve au coin du feu">
Rêve au coin du feu

Rêve au coin du feu is an 1894 French short film directed by Émile Reynaud.

</doc>
<doc id="30936568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936568" title="Fernando Adames Torres">
Fernando Adames Torres

Fernando Adames torres was born around the 3rd decade of the 19th century in Siquisique, a small city near Barquisimeto on Lara State in the country of Venezuela. He was the son of Juan Bautista Adames and Magdalena Torres. During his early years prior to entering the Military, Fernando Adames spent most of his time as a business entrepreneur, until March 1858 where he joined the military during the Revolution of 1858 serving under the orders of Mariscal Falcon. This revolution lasted five years and ended with the formation of the "Federacion Venezolana".
Military positions and honors.
During his time in the military, General Fernando Adames held many high positions in the government including "Jefe de Estado Mayor del Ejército Venezolano", a very high position in the military. In this role, he served directly under Mariscal Falcon, who was the highest ranked officer during the time. Later in his official military career, General Fernando Adames was named as President of the State of Barquisimeto, a position which he did not accept. Later he was twice Commander and Chief of the Venezuelan Military, and he served as Senator representing his native state in the Venezuelan House of Congress.
General Fernando Adames Torres received several letters of commendation for valor and leadership from President Antonio Guzman Blanco for maintaining peace in the territories governed by General Adames.
Additional pictures.
Letters written by President Antonio Guzman Blanco to General Fernando Adames
Author.
Mauricio Adames Posada..(Great, Great Grand Son of General Fernando Adames Torres)
References.
Venezuelan historian Telasco Macpherson has written many articles identifying and describing different battles and the most important military figures. One such article talks about General Fernando Adames Torres involvement in the revolution of Coro. 
Pedro Leon Torres was a General in the Venezuelan Military in the early 1800s who served during the Hispanic/American Independence war. Pedro Leon Torres is General Fernando Adames grand father.

</doc>
<doc id="30936572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936572" title="Aura-Aura Climber">
Aura-Aura Climber

Aura-Aura Climber is an arcade action video game developed and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo DSi's DSiWare digital download service. It was released on February 22, 2010.
Overview.
"Aura-Aura Climber" revolves around a fallen star called an "Aura-Aura" climbing back up into the sky. It does this by slinging its arm around pegs in the sky. Along the way, the player can collect items like bombs and extensions. The different modes of play include score attack, and endless. Players also dodge storms, hit switches, and collect bonuses.
Reception.
IGN's Lucas M. Thomas rated it 8/10, calling it "a nifty little design that's definitely helping redeem all those trashy releases still taking up the rest of the spots in the DSi Shop's 200 Point section." Eurogamer's Kristan Reed rated it 8/10, stating "Presented with all the audio-visual charm, there's much to admire", but "with only 10 levels, it's not a game destined to last long in the memory."

</doc>
<doc id="30936574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936574" title="James Paul McCartney (TV special)">
James Paul McCartney (TV special)

James Paul McCartney is the title of a 1973 television special produced by ATV and starring British musician Paul McCartney and his then current rock group Wings. It was first broadcast in April 16, 1973 in the United States on the ABC network, and was later broadcast in the United Kingdom on May 10, 1973. To date, the program has never been officially released on any home video format.
The Program.
The special was broken up into eleven different segments, each of these showcasing McCartney's songs from both his career with The Beatles and as a solo artist.
Part 1<br>
The program opens with a live performance by Wings in front of an audience of television screens.<br>
"Song: "Big Barn Bed""
Part 2<br>
An acoustic medley of songs is performed by McCartney during a photographic session with his wife Linda as the photographer.<br>
"Songs: "Blackbird", "Bluebird", "Michelle", "Heart of the Country""
Part 3<br>
A short music video style performance set in an outdoor location of McCartney's version of "Mary Had a Little Lamb".<br>
"Songs: "Mary Had a Little Lamb""
Part 4<br>
A television studio performance with Wings and orchestra in front of a live audience.<br>
"Songs: "Little Woman Love", "C Moon", "My Love""
Part 5<br>
Another music video segment, this time for "Uncle Albert/Admiral Halsey", however the "Admiral Halsey" section was not included in the final broadcast version.<br>
"Songs: "Uncle Albert/Admiral Halsey""
Part 6<br>
A short voice-over from Mcartney introduces the next segment set in the "Clelsea Reach" public house near Liverpool. This features members of Paul's family and Wings in a pub singalong<br>
"Songs: "April Showers", "Pack Up Your Troubles in Your Old Kit-Bag", "You Are My Sunshine""
Part 7<br>
A Busby Berkeley style musical number, featuring dancers dressed in half-man/half-woman costumes.

</doc>
<doc id="30936590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936590" title="Faizan">
Faizan

Faizan, () also spelt "Faizan", "Faydhan", "Faizon", "Faidhan" is a male given name and a surname meaning "grace, favour," beneficence and "ruler". In Arabic, it means Benefit and Generosity.
It is currently among the most popular names for baby boys in India, Pakistan, Iran and Indonesia.
Other names.
Faizanullah
Faizanuddin
People.
Faizan Sheikh, India's Youngest Leading Motivational speaker

</doc>
<doc id="30936597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936597" title="Advanced Chemistry Development">
Advanced Chemistry Development

Advanced Chemistry Development, Inc., (ACD/Labs) develops desktop and enterprise software solutions for chemical, biochemical, and pharmaceutical research and development.
Areas of expertise.
ACD/Labs’ expertise lies in multi-technique, multi-vendor processing, analysis, prediction and knowledge management of results from spectroscopic, chromatographic and related techniques for instrumental analysis of chemical substances. Integration of analytical data with chemical structures helps capture, extract, retain, and leverage valuable research knowledge. ACD/Labs is also known for their pKa, LogD, other physicochemical, as well as ADMET property prediction, and chemical nomenclature generation software.
In the realm of analytical and separation sciences, ACD/Labs creates tools capable of providing structure verification, or insights for chemical structure interpretation and elucidation from experimental data. "In silico" prediction of molecular physical properties and ADMET characteristics, provided by ACD/Labs’ prediction suites, serves as a basis for chemical and pharmaceutical product screening, discovery and development.
Partnerships.
In 2009, ACD/Labs merged with Pharma Algorithms.

</doc>
<doc id="30936625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936625" title="Andre Jacque">
Andre Jacque

Early life and career.
Jacque was born in Beaver Dam, Wisconsin and graduated from Green Bay Southwest High School. He earned his bachelors degree from UW-Madison, and worked as a transit planning coordinator, communications director and a grant-writing consultant before beginning his political career.
Jacque was appointed to the Wisconsin Higher Educational Aids Board in 2001, and served from 2001-2003. He serves on the board of the Green Bay Area Crimestoppers.
Political career.
In 2010 Jacque was elected to the Wisconsin State Assembly to represent Wisconsin's 2nd congressional district. He was reelected to the Assembly in 2012. Jacque is a member of the Brown County Taxpayers Alliance, Pro-Life Wisconsin, Wisconsin Right to Life and the National Rifle Association.
Awards.
Jacque was awarded the Green Bay Area Chamber of Commerce's "Future 15" award in 2011. He was the recipient of the Wisconsin Coalition Against Domestic Violence Legislative Champion Award, the American Conservative Union Defender of Liberty Award and the Wisconsin Counties Association Outstanding Legislator Award the same year. During the 2011-2012 session, Jacque was named the Green Bay Area Chamber of Commerce’s 2012 Henry S. Baird Legislator of the Year, the Pro-Life Wisconsin 2012 Legislator of the Year, he Wisconsin Coalition of Virtual School Families Shining Star of Education Reform, and the Phillips Foundation 2012 Distinguished Young Conservative Leader of the Year.

</doc>
<doc id="30936641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936641" title="Feysville, Western Australia">
Feysville, Western Australia

Feysville is an abandoned town in the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia. It is situated between Kalgoorlie and Kambalda just off the Goldfields Highway.
Alluvial gold was found in the area in 1895 by the prospector Dennis O'Callaghan which sprked a gold rush on the Hampton Plains Estate lease. Another prospector and field manager, Captain Henry Fey, established the Feysville mine in 1896 and by 1897 the local progress association began to campaign for the town to be declared. 
In the same year the town had a debating club and a cricket team and the first hotel was constructed in the town. The town was gazetted on 30 June 1898. The population of the town was 97 (90 males and 7 females) in 1898.
Land was set aside in 1919 for the development of a police station and court house but neither were ever built.

</doc>
<doc id="30936670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936670" title="2011 Colorado Mammoth season">
2011 Colorado Mammoth season

The Colorado Mammoth are a lacrosse team based in Denver, Colorado playing in the National Lacrosse League (NLL). The 2011 season was the 25th in franchise history and 9th as the Mammoth (previously the Washington Power, Pittsburgh Crossefire, and Baltimore Thunder).
The Mammoth lost their first 5 games at home, continuing their home futility streak to 13 games before defeating the Boston Blazers in overtime. They subsequently won their next two home games, and finished the season 5-11 and in 4th place in the West. The Mammoth lost 10-6 to the Calgary Roughnecks in the Division Semifinal.
Game log.
Reference:
Playoffs.
Game log.
Reference:

</doc>
<doc id="30936673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936673" title="Paul Sentell">
Paul Sentell

Leopold Theodore "Paul" Sentell (August 27, 1879 – April 27, 1923) was a professional baseball player, manager, and umpire. He played two seasons in Major League Baseball for the Philadelphia Phillies. Sentell was 5 feet, 9 inches tall and weighed 176 pounds.
Career.
Sentell was born in New Orleans, Louisiana, in 1879. He started his professional baseball career in 1903 in the Cotton States League. The following season, he moved to the South Atlantic League and had a batting average of .263. In 1905, Sentell batted a career-high .315, stole 50 bases, and scored 71 runs to help the Macon Brigands win the league championship. His 137 hits that season led the South Atlantic League and were just three more than the second-place finisher, Ty Cobb, who would go on to have a Hall of Fame career in the majors.
Sentell made his MLB debut in 1906 with the Philadelphia Phillies. He appeared in 63 games that year, mostly at third base and second base, and hit .229. In early 1907, he played three games for Philadelphia but spent most of the season with the Eastern League's Jersey City Skeeters. From 1908 to 1913, Sentell played in the Southern Association for the Mobile Sea Gulls, Atlanta Crackers, and Chattanooga Lookouts. He then became a player-manager for the Galveston Pirates of the Texas League and stayed with the team for four seasons.
After his playing career ended in 1918, Sentell worked as an umpire in the Texas League for several years until the National League hired him for the 1922 and 1923 seasons. Sentell was umpiring a game in early 1923 when he collapsed on the field. He died of appendicitis a few days later.

</doc>
<doc id="30936678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936678" title="Wally Scott">
Wally Scott

Wallace Aiken Scott (July 4, 1924 – February 8, 2003) was an American aviator and author, a holder of several international sailplane records, and a multi-time recipient of the Lewin B. Barringer trophy awarded for the longest, free-distance, sailplane flight of each year made in the United States. Over 36 years Wallace "Wally" Scott increased the distance flown in a sailplane.
Scott became a pioneer of free-distance, straight-out, soaring flight and won 4 Fédération Aéronautique Internationale (FAI)-certified, world soaring records, 20 Lewin B. Barringer Trophies, and numerous other awards and honors, including induction into the Soaring Hall of Fame in 1965.
Scott flew various sailplanes more than 300,000 miles while twice winning the transcontinental Smirnoff Sailplane Derby race, the longest sailplane race in the world. On July 26, 1970, he and Ben Greene co-set the world distance record of 716.95 miles, both flying ASW-12 sailplanes.
Early years.
Scott was born on July 4, 1924, in Van Horn, Texas, the son of Claude Winfred and Maggie Elizabeth Scott. He had four siblings and the family left Van Horn in 1926 and moved to Best, Texas, when Scott was two years old. The economy eventually forced the Scott family to move north to Odessa, Texas when Scott was age 12. Here they established the family’s successful movie theatre business.
Early aviation career.
Scott learned to fly at Fort Stockton, Texas where his brother, Oliver "Scotty", taught him to fly. His brother had become an instructor with the Civilian Pilot Training Program in Fort Stockton. Scott later wrote, “On October 2, 1942, the day after my introductory flight, O. E. Scott "Scotty", logged for W.A. Scott thirty minutes of dual in Cub J-2.”
In 1943, Scott earned his pilot’s license and, with his brother's help, he became a flight instructor at the Fort Stockton detachment of Pacific Air Schools, Ltd. Scott taught his sixth and final class of cadets in January 1944 and by March had left Fort Stockton and joined the Ferry Command branch of the Army Air Corps.
World War II experiences.
Scott was accepted to go to Randolph Field in San Antonio, Texas and to attend flight school in order to obtain an aircraft instrument rating. After graduation, he reported to Nashville, Tennessee to continue his training with Ferry Command. After completing his training, Scott was assigned to Palm Springs, California and served as a co-pilot on the Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress, Douglas C-47 Skytrain and Douglas C-49.
In August and September 1944, Scott participated in several domestic evacuation flights, taking wounded soldiers from the Pacific coast to the eastern USA and vice versa. On October 18, 1944, he was assigned to a C-47 to be ferried from Bangor, Maine to join the Air Transport group based at Le Bourget in Paris, France. Scott’s duties while based at Le Bourget included delivering supplies to airfields near the front lines and flying wounded personnel to England.
In February 1945, Scott was transferred to Dum Dum Airfield on the northeastern edge of Calcutta, India and away from the front lines. Dum Dum airfield served as a major supply point for ferrying supplies to Chiang Kai-shek’s forces in Kunming, China. Scott flew cargo and personnel over The Hump from in both Curtiss-Wright C-46 Commandos and C-47 aircraft. With the war over, on December 16, 1945, Scott returned to the United States.
Marriage and children.
After returning to the USA, Scott met Beverly "Boots" Mae Jackson in January 1946 and they were married on May 12, 1946. Between December 1947 and April 1951 they had four children, a son and daughter and twin girls.
Glider flying.
In the mid-1950s, Scott and his wife took up archery . In 1956, as president of the Permian Basin Archery Club, Scott won the highest score of any instinctive archer in the National Field Archery Association’s Championship Tournament in San Antonio, Texas. His wife also developed into an expert archer in her own right, and they would eventually win the husband/wife team trophy in the state championships in Odessa in 1959 with Boots’ individual, second-place finish.
Archery was eventually put on hold when Scott began flying powered aircraft again. In March 1961, Scott took his first flight in a glider and within a few months he had purchased a new Schweizer SGS 1-26 sailplane.
Scott’s first record flight was an 8.5 hour, , dog-leg flight from Odessa, Texas to near Clayton, New Mexico flown on August 6, 1963. He placed 2nd in his first major soaring competition, the 31st Annual National Soaring Championships, which was held from June 29 to July 9, 1964 in McCook, Nebraska.
Scott purchased a variety of sailplanes over the next several decades, and competed in several national and World Gliding Championships in different glider competition classes.
Later life and death.
In the late 1990s Scott mostly flew locally until January 7, 1999, when he underwent surgery on his knee. The surgery would weaken both his body and spirit. Scott was eventually diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease and never flew again. On February 8, 2003, Scott died in Odessa, Texas, at the age of 78 after contracting pneumonia; he had flown nearly 7,000 hours and over 300,000 miles in sailplanes during his life.
World soaring records.
National Aeronautic Association and Fédération Aéronautique Internationale (FAI) Awards:

</doc>
<doc id="30936691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936691" title="Braden, Union County, Tennessee">
Braden, Union County, Tennessee

Braden is an small unincorporated community in northern Union County, Tennessee.
Braden is a rural community cut off from the rest of Union County by water from Norris Lake, it can only be reached by ferry or by a long drive from Claiborne County.

</doc>
<doc id="30936703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936703" title="Clarkdale High School">
Clarkdale High School

Clarkdale High School was the high school for the town of Clarkdale, Arizona. It opened in 1915 and closed in 1950, when it was consolidated along with Jerome High School into Mingus High School. In 1958, when Cottonwood High School was added, that school became known as Mingus Union High School, which was housed in Clarkdale from 1958 to 1960. The mascot was the Wolves.

</doc>
<doc id="30936718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936718" title="Cottonwood High School (Arizona)">
Cottonwood High School (Arizona)

Cottonwood High School was the high school in the town of Cottonwood, Arizona. It was open from 1947 to 1958, when it was consolidated into the Clarkdale-Jerome high school as Mingus Union High School. The mascot was the Red Devils. Since 1972, Mingus Union High School has been located in Cottonwood.

</doc>
<doc id="30936741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936741" title="1999 Legg Mason Tennis Classic">
1999 Legg Mason Tennis Classic

The 1999 Legg Mason Tenis Classic was the 30th edition of this tennis tournament and was played on outdoor hard courts. The tournament was part of the International Series of the 1999 ATP Tour. It was held at the William H.G. FitzGerald Tennis Center in Washington, D.C. from August 16 through August 22, 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="30936765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936765" title="André Joseph Boussart">
André Joseph Boussart

André Joseph Boussart or André Joseph Boussard (13 November 1758 – 11 August 1813) was a French soldier and general. He enlisted in the army of Habsburg Austria as a youth. A Belgian by birth, he joined the Brabant Revolution against Austria and fled to France when the rebellion collapsed. He soon found himself fighting for France during the French Revolutionary Wars. Promoted to general officer during the French Campaign in Egypt and Syria, he returned to France where he held several non-combat posts.
He commanded a dragoon brigade during the 1805 and 1806–1807 campaigns. At Prenzlau he led a highly successful charge against forces of the Kingdom of Prussia, capturing many soldiers and cannon. After the battle his cavalry participated in the mopping up operations in Prussia. He was wounded fighting the Russians at Czarnowo and Pultusk. He transferred to Spain in 1808 where he was captured in the Bailén debacle. He was exchanged and fought in many battles at the head of Marshal Louis Gabriel Suchet's cavalry during the Peninsular War. Recklessly brave, he suffered many wounds during his military career and was nearly killed at Valencia. He died of his injuries in the summer of 1813.
Early career.
A native of the Austrian Netherlands, Boussart was born on 13 November 1758 in Binche in what is now Belgium. As a young man, he joined the Austrian army and by 1789 he was a junior leutnant in the cavalry. In that year, he quit the Austrian army and transferred his loyalty to the United States of Belgium at the time of the Brabant Revolution. He served in the insurgent army as a captain and later escaped to France when the Austrians put down the Belgian revolt. In his new country he enlisted in the "Hainault" Dragoon Regiment and was promoted to lieutenant on 28 July 1792. He became captain on 1 October. He was involved in an action against an Austrian column on 1 March 1793.
Transferred to the Army of Italy as a chef d'escadron (major) of the 20th Dragoon Regiment, Boussart fought at the Battle of Mondovì on 21 April 1796. In this action he was wounded three times by saber cuts while fighting Piedmontese cavalrymen. At the Battle of Lodi he crossed the Adda with the cavalry. At the Battle of Castiglione on 5 August, he and a party of cavalry captured a group of Austrian hussars. On 7 January 1797 he was promoted to chef de brigade (colonel).
Boussart went with Napoleon Bonaparte to Egypt and fought at the Battle of the Pyramids on 21 July 1798 and the Battle of Abukir on 25 July 1799. He was named general of brigade on 23 September 1800, which was confirmed when he got back to France. In the Battle of Alexandria on 21 March 1801, he fought against the British. Wounded three times in the action, he required several months of convalescence. At the end of the Siege of Alexandria on 2 September 1801, he was ordered to sign the articles of capitulation. He became a member of the legion d'honneur on 11 December 1803 and served in the Bordeaux military district as a dragoon commander.
1805–1807.
In the War of the Third Coalition against Austria, Boussart led a brigade in Frédéric Henri Walther's 2nd Dragoon Division. He fought at the Battle of Austerlitz on 2 December 1805.
During the War of the Fourth Coalition against Prussia, Boussart led the 3rd Brigade in Emmanuel Grouchy's 2nd Dragoon Division. The 13th and 22nd Dragoon Regiments, each three squadrons strong, were placed under his command. Grouchy's division missed the Battle of Jena-Auerstedt but became deeply involved in the pursuit of the defeated Prussian armies. At Zehdenick on 26 October, Grouchy's division crushed a 1,300-man Prussian brigade, decimating the "Königin" Dragoon Regiment Nr. 5. The next day, the "Gensdarmes" Cuirassier Regiment Nr. 10 blundered into Grouchy's marching column at Wichmannsdorf near Boitzenburg. Three of Grouchy's regiments attacked the Prussians, trapping them against a marsh and forcing their surrender.
Boussart played a key role in the Battle of Prenzlau on 28 October. Marshal Joachim Murat led Grouchy's division, Marc Antoine de Beaumont's 3rd Dragoon Division, Antoine Lasalle's light cavalry brigade, and 3,000 of Marshal Jean Lannes' infantry against Frederick Louis, Prince of Hohenlohe-Ingelfingen's 12,000 Prussians. The Prussians approached Prenzlau from the northwest while the French came up from the southwest. Murat sent Lasalle's brigade directly against Hohenlohe's covering force while ordering one of Beaumont's brigades to make a wide circuit to the west. Meanwhile, he detached Boussart's brigade and sent it to ford a stream on the western outskirts of the town. Boussart's horsemen charged the Prussian marching column, smashing into it from the side. The attack was a complete success. The French dragoons hacked their way through the column and seized many prisoners. Boussart's troopers cleared the road as far as the city gates, inflicted about 1,000 casualties and captured eight guns. Meanwhile, Beaumont's division surrounded and captured the now-isolated Prussian rear guard. Shortly afterward, Murat bluffed a dazed Hohenlohe into surrendering with 10,000 men.
On 2 and 3 November, the 22nd Dragoons of Boussart's brigade secured the surrender of the small port of Wolgast on the Baltic Sea. Hohenlohe's baggage train of 500 wagons with 2,500 teamsters and other non-combatants fell into the hands of the French. Grouchy's division arrived in time to take part in the Battle of Lübeck on 6 November. After the French infantry cleared the city streets, the dragoons moved through the city to fall upon a Prussian detachment at Krempelsdorf. They forced Major Ende to surrender with 360 cavalrymen and four guns.
Boussart was wounded on 23 December at the Battle of Czarnowo. Three days later, he was seriously wounded at the Battle of Pultusk while serving under the command of Nicolas Léonard Beker. The dragoons of Beker fought on Lannes' left flank.
Boussart fought at the Battle of Eylau on 7 and 8 February 1807. Grouchy's 2,200-strong division joined in Murat's grand charge at a critical moment during the bloody contest. The dragoons first drove off the Russian cavalry menacing Louis Vincent Le Blond de Saint-Hilaire's infantry division. Then Murat led them in an attack that defeated the Russian cavalry in the center. By this time the 2nd Cuirassier Division had become isolated after carving a path through two lines of Russian infantry. Marshal Jean-Baptiste Bessières now led the Guard cavalry to the rescue. After being rebuffed by the Russian second line, Grouchy's troopers joined the Horse Grenadiers of the Imperial Guard and smashed their way through. Finally, the French reserve cavalry had to cut its way out from behind the Russian lines, losing between 1,000 and 1,500 troopers altogether.
Spain.
Napoleon appointed Boussart a Baron of the Empire on 19 March 1808 and posted the much-wounded veteran to Spain. In 1808 he was with Pierre Dupont de l'Étang's corps in Andalusia. He led a cavalry brigade that consisted of the 6th Provisional Dragoon Regiment and numbering 620 troopers. On 17 July his command was detached with Dominique Honoré Antoine Vedel's division to march to Bailén. However, Vedel marched beyond the town in a mistaken belief that the Spanish had seized the passes to the north. In fact, Theodor von Reding's 17,000-man Spanish corps arrived at Bailén on the 18th and occupied the town without opposition. This placed Dupont's 11,000 men squarely between Reding and Francisco Javier Castaños's corps. In the Battle of Bailén, Dupont failed to break out of trap and asked for terms. While the negotiations were going on, Vedel's division returned. Boussart's dragoons attacked and captured about 1,000 Spanish troops. When a Spanish delegation warned Vedel that there was a truce in force, he ordered his soldiers to cease fire. When Dupont ordered him to release the prisoners taken during the parley, Vedel did so. As Dupont surrendered, Vedel began retreating north in accordance with secret orders from his superior. Later, when the Spaniards threatened to massacre Dupont's men unless Vedel was included in the capitulation, Dupont sent an order to Vedel to return to Bailén and surrender. Amazingly, Vedel followed the order even though his division was not surrounded. This more than doubled the total of unwounded prisoners taken from 8,242 to 17,635. While Dupont and the French generals were returned to France, the enlisted men spent the rest of the war in prison hulks or on the bleak island of Cabrera and half of them died of disease or starvation.
In January 1810, Boussart next appeared in the French order of battle in Spain at the head of Suchet's 1,899-strong III Corps cavalry. On 23 April at Margalef in Catalonia, Suchet encountered 7,300 Spaniards and six artillery pieces under Henry O'Donnell. The 6,000 Frenchmen included Louis François Félix Musnier's division and the 13th Cuirassier and 4th Hussar Regiments. In the event, the 500 cuirassiers won the battle almost single-handed. The French horsemen suffered 100 casualties but rode down O'Donnell's hapless troops. The Spanish lost 500 killed and wounded, plus 2,000 soldiers and four colors captured. The successful Siege of Lerida quickly followed. Between 29 April and 13 May, Suchet forced García Conde to capitulate with six generals, 307 officers, 7,000 soldiers, and 105 cannon. During the siege operations, the Spanish lost 1,700 killed and wounded while the French lost 1,000 out of the 13,000 men in III Corps.
On 16 December 1810, Suchet's 12,000-man Army of Aragon invested Tortosa. By 2 January 1811, the Siege of Tortosa was concluded after the French inflicted 1,400 casualties on the defenders, while suffering only 400 killed and wounded. The French forced the 3,974 survivors of Conde de Alacha Lilli's garrison to surrender. Boussart's cavalry, the 13th Cuirassier, 4th Hussar, and 24th Dragoon Regiments, were present during the operation. Boussart participated in the Siege of Tarragona from 5 May to 29 June 1811. He led his three French regiments plus the Italian "Napoleone" Dragoon Regiment. The French besiegers lost 4,300 killed and wounded, while the Spanish defenders lost 7,000 killed and 8,000 captured. Twice during the operation, Suchet formed expeditions to chase off armies attempting to relieve the garrison.
On 15 July 1811, Boussart commanded 1,876 cavalrymen in three regiments. In September, his command numbered 2,405 in 14 squadrons. In late summer, Suchet launched an invasion of the province of Valencia, arriving before the ancient fortress of Saguntum (Sagunto) on 23 September 1811. After the garrison repelled two French assaults, a relief army of Joaquín Blake y Joyes appeared and the two sides clashed in the Battle of Saguntum on 25 October. While the French dispersed Blake's left flank rather easily, the fighting in the center and right of the Spanish line was much tougher. Early in the action, Suchet committed three squadrons of cavalry to retake some ground. Soon afterward, the Spanish cavalry overran a French battery and Suchet sent in 350 troopers of the 13th Cuirassiers. Leading the charge, Boussart scattered the Spanish horsemen and recaptured the guns. Hewing a path through their opponents, the armor-clad heavy cavalrymen captured a Spanish artillery battery before their impetus was spent. When Suchet ordered the 24th Dragoons to attack, the rout of Blake's army became general. For a loss of 1,000 casualties, the French inflicted 6,000 killed and wounded on the Spanish, not counting several hundred prisoners. The 2,500-man Saguntum garrison, disheartened by the spectacle, capitulated the next day.
In the operations immediately preceding the Siege of Valencia, Suchet concentrated most of his army in an envelopment of the landward flank of Blake's defenses. Fooled by diversionary attacks, Blake failed to detect Suchet's maneuver until too late. Led by one squadron of the 4th Hussars, Jean Isidore Harispe's division reached a position behind the Spanish left flank. Coming upon the Spanish cavalry reserves near Aldaia and Torrent, Boussart recklessly led 60 hussars to attack the vastly more numerous Spanish horsemen. Soon, he was covered in saber wounds and his bravest men were cut down around him. Luckily, Jacques-Antoine-Adrien Delort came to the rescue with more cavalry. After Harispe and the French cavalry routed the Spanish troopers, they found Boussard lying among the fallen after having been robbed of his medals and sword.
Boussart received promotion to general of division on 16 March 1812. In the middle of fall 1812, his cavalry division counted 1,922 horsemen. At the Battle of Castalla on 13 April 1813, he led 1,424 troopers in eight squadrons. In a preliminary action at Biar on 12 April, Frederick Adam fought an effective rear guard action at Biar, ambushing the 13th Cuirassiers and keeping the French troops in check. The next day, Suchet sent Boussart to turn John Murray, 8th Baronet's right flank. However, the flank was protected by waterlogged ground, so the cavalry general could only observe his enemies as Suchet's main attack was defeated. The French commander soon recalled Boussart and retreated.
Boussart retired to Bagnères de Bigorre in order to recuperate from his battle injuries. He died there of his many wounds on 11 August 1813.

</doc>
<doc id="30936772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936772" title="Stew (disambiguation)">
Stew (disambiguation)

A stew is a combination of food ingredients cooked in liquid.
Stew may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30936780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936780" title="2011 Philadelphia Wings season">
2011 Philadelphia Wings season

The Philadelphia Wings are a lacrosse team based in Philadelphia playing in the National Lacrosse League (NLL). The 2011 season was the 25th in franchise history. 2011 was another frustrating season for the Wings as they finished 5-11 and out of the playoffs for the eighth time in the last nine seasons.
Game log.
Reference:

</doc>
<doc id="30936788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936788" title="1999 Legg Mason Tennis Classic – Singles">
1999 Legg Mason Tennis Classic – Singles

Andre Agassi was the defending champion and won for the second straight year in the final 7–6(7–3), 6–1, over Yevgeny Kafelnikov.

</doc>
<doc id="30936829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936829" title="BharatBenz">
BharatBenz

BharatBenz is a truck marque of Daimler India Commercial Vehicles Pvt. Ltd. (DICV), itself a wholly owned subsidiary of the German Daimler AG. The “Bharat” part of the brand name means “India” in various Indian languages. 
History.
In 2008, Daimler AG planned to enter the Indian market in a joint venture with Hero MotoCorp to build medium and heavy commercial vehicles. A joint venture named Daimler Hero Commercial Vehicles (DHCV) was formed under Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) in July 2008 with 60% holding of Daimler AG and 40% holding of Hero Group. Marc Llistosella was identified as CEO for the company while Amit Chaturvedi as co-CEO.
Daimler AG and Hero Group announced to dissolve the Daimler Hero Commercial Vehicles Ltd. joint venture on April 15, 2009 because of an economic downturn in India. Hero group decided to focus on core operation and return the 40% stake in DHCV joint venture to Daimler AG. With 100% stake Daimler AG renamed DHCV as Daimler India Commercial Vehicles (DICV).
The launch of the BharatBenz brand was announced on February 17, 2011 at Chennai by Daimler AG Chairman Dieter Zetsche and the first BharatBenz truck was unveiled on January 4, 2012 at the Delhi Auto Expo. The decision to launch the brand was prompted by Daimler's determination to compete in the fast-growing Indian truck market against existing Indian brands such as Ashok Leyland, Tata Motors and Indian ventures of other leading global truck manufacturers including Mahindra Trucks and Buses and Volvo Eicher. The entire proposed truck line-up in the 9 to 49-tonne range was unveiled on March 2, 2012.
Early this year (2014), BharatBenz launched the tractor trailer models and a construction model making itself a full range player in the segment above 9T category spanning across Medium and Heavy duty truck segments. Product range: 914, 1214, 2523, 3123, 3128, 2523 (6x4), 1217, 2528(6x4), 3128 CM, 4023 and 4928.
Products.
The BharatBenz heavy-duty trucks are built on the Mercedes-Benz Axor platform, and the medium-duty trucks on the Fuso Canter and Fuso Fighter series. The entire product line meets BSIII standards (comparable to EURO III). All BharatBenz (17 models) trucks are slated to be up to 9% more expensive but be 10% more fuel efficient than the competition.
The FUSO medium and heavy duty trucks produced in Chennai are also being exported to markets of Africa and Asia, under Daimler's Asia Business Model.
BharatBenz crossed 10,000 units sale mark in April 2014 and sold 1000 units in March 2014.
Production facility.
DICV set up a manufacturing plant for the BharatBenz trucks in Oragadam, near Chennai in Tamil Nadu at an investment of over €700 million (44 billion). Its biggest investment outside Europe. Construction area for plant is 400 acres, out of which 47 acres are dedicated to 3-lane 1.55 kilometer test track. Test track include a bump track, pothole testing and articulation sections, a water trough, an inspection ramp and a control tower. Localization rate for BharatBenz truck is 85% Initial production capacity at the plant is 36000 units per year for 2012 and will be expanded to 70,000 units per year by start of 2013 with additional investment of 3.5 billion. Series production started in June 2012 with the 2523R truck; sales began in September 2012.
Currently BharatBenz has over 2500 employees including both Indian and German staff. Localization rate for BharatBenz truck is 85% with more than 450 local suppliers out of which 41 per cent are based in Tamil Nadu and 44 per cent are in rest of the country, with an aim to exceed 90%.
Daimler has test driven its trucks a distance of 4.5 million km in various conditions at its test track in Oragadam.
Research & Development facility.
DICV set up a fine research and development facility at Oragadam manufacturing plant with initial investment of 12 billion.

</doc>
<doc id="30936832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936832" title="Toxomerini">
Toxomerini

The Toxomerini are a tribe of hoverflies. 

</doc>
<doc id="30936845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936845" title="Colin Franks">
Colin Franks

Colin James Franks (born 16 April 1951) is an English former footballer. At the start of his career he played predominantly as a midfielder, but he was increasingly used as a defender towards the end of his career.
Born in Wembley, Franks started his career as an amateur in the North London and Hertfordshire area, with Boreham Wood, Uxbridge and Wealdstone. He turned professional in 1969, joining newly promoted Second Division side Watford. Although largely a reserve during his first two seasons at the club, he played a part in Watford's run to the semi-finals of the 1969–70 FA Cup, and played in the third place play-off match.
Franks established himself as a regular in the Watford first team in the 1971–72 season with 44 appearances, but his team were unable to stave off relegation to the Third Division. Nonetheless, Franks consolidated on his individual progress in 1972–73, playing all 50 competitive Watford fixtures and finishing second in the inaugural Watford F.C. Player of the Season vote. At the end of the season, he transferred to First Division Sheffield United for a fee of £60,000.
After six years and 150 league appearances for United, Franks joined Canadian North American Soccer League franchise Toronto Blizzard for the start of their 1979 season. He played for them in both the North American Soccer League and NASL indoor. He finished his career with a brief spell at Edmonton Drillers.

</doc>
<doc id="30936858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936858" title="1996 CONCACAF U-17 Championship">
1996 CONCACAF U-17 Championship

The 1996 CONCACAF U-17 Championship determined the three CONCACAF representatives that qualified to the 1997 FIFA U-17 World Championship in Egypt. Trinidad and Tobago hosted the championships between 18–31 August.
Final round.
Costa Rica, Mexico, and Canada qualified to the Final round as group winners, USA joined as best second place.

</doc>
<doc id="30936867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936867" title="Nagano Electric Railway 2100 series">
Nagano Electric Railway 2100 series

The is a DC electric multiple unit (EMU) train type operated by the Nagano Electric Railway in Japan on "Snow Monkey" limited express services since 26 February 2011, replacing the remaining ageing 2000 series trains.
The two 3-car sets were converted from former 253 series 3-car EMU sets Ne107 and Ne108, purchased from JR East in 2010 following their withdrawal from "Narita Express" services. They underwent modifications for "wanman" ("one man") driver only operation at Tokyu Car's Yokohama factory before being moved to the Nagano Electric Railway in December 2010 for final repainting.
Formations.
The two sets are formed as follows. 
Car 2 is fitted with one lozenge-type pantograph.
Exterior.
The trains were initially finished in the same livery of white, red, grey, and black, which they carried in the JR days. From September 2012, set E2 was repainted into a new livery of red and white without the grey and black bands of the original livery.
Interior.
Cars 2 and 3 retain the original seating arrangement with fixed unidirectional non-reclining seating, 2+2 abreast, facing a centre pair of 4-seat bays. Car 1 has reclining/rotating seating, and also retains the original private compartment, seating four persons, branded as , a pun on the Japanese word for monkey. The original toilets are retained, but are locked out of use.
History.
On 8 September 2012, set E2 was returned to service following general overhaul repainted into a new livery of red and white.

</doc>
<doc id="30936875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936875" title="List of Asian records in Olympic weightlifting">
List of Asian records in Olympic weightlifting

This is the list of Asian records in Olympic weightlifting. Records are maintained in each weight class for the snatch lift, clean and jerk lift, and the total for both lifts by the Asian Weightlifting Federation (AWF).

</doc>
<doc id="30936909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936909" title="Oladimeji Lawal">
Oladimeji Lawal

Mohammed Oladimeji Lawal (born 24 July 1971) is a former Nigerian footballer who played as a midfielder for clubs in Nigeria, Spain and Belgium. He is a FIFA-licensed players' agent.
Club career.
Lawal moved to Spain at age 18 and signed with Real Madrid, and would spend two seasons with the B team, one in the Segunda División and one in Segunda División B. He was never promoted to the main squad, and returned to Nigeria to play for Shooting Stars F.C..
In 1993, Lawal joined Belgian Second Division side K.V. Kortrijk for one season. He played in the South African Premier Soccer League with Hellenic FC during 1994.
International career.
Lawal played for Nigeria in the 1987 FIFA U-16 World Championship in Canada and the 1989 FIFA World Youth Championship in Saudi Arabia.
Lawal made several appearances for the senior Nigeria national football team. He scored on his debut, an 1992 African Nations Cup qualifier against Togo in 1990.
Personal.
His younger brother, Abass Muyiwa, is also a footballer. A midfielder, he has had professional stints in Spain, Morocco and the United Arab Emirates.

</doc>
<doc id="30936913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936913" title="Chad Weininger">
Chad Weininger

Chad Weininger (February 2, 1972) is a Wisconsin politician and legislator.
Born in Green Bay, Wisconsin, Weininger attended Ashwaubenon high school, graduated with a BBA from St. Norbert College, in Political Science and Business Administration, and went on to obtain an M.B.A. from Cardinal Stritch University. He was elected to the Wisconsin State Assembly in 2010. He was a former city clerk of Green Bay, Wisconsin.
He was a Green Bay Area Soap Box Derby Champion in 1983 (Junior) and 1985 (Senior).

</doc>
<doc id="30936918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936918" title="2011 Rochester Knighthawks season">
2011 Rochester Knighthawks season

The Rochester Knighthawks are a lacrosse team based in Rochester, New York, playing in the National Lacrosse League (NLL). The 2011 season was the 17th in franchise history. The Knighthawks finished tied with Buffalo and Toronto with the top record in the East, but finished in third place due to tiebreakers. The lost to the eventual champion Toronto Rock in the Division Semifinals.
Game log.
Reference:
Playoffs.
Game log.
Reference:

</doc>
<doc id="30936920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936920" title="Afemo Omilami">
Afemo Omilami

Afemo Omilami (born December 13, 1950) is an American actor.
Career.
He has appeared in many films such as "Glory" (1989), "The Firm" (1993), "Gordy" (1995), "Remember the Titans" (2000), "Hounddog" (2007), and "The Blind Side" (2009). He is perhaps best known for his role as the Drill Sergeant in "Forrest Gump" (1994). He was nominated for "Actor in a Television Movie, Mini-Series or Dramatic Special" in the 2013 NAACP Image Awards for his performance in Lifetime's "Steel Magnolias" as Drum Eatenton.
Personal life.
He married his wife Elisabeth Omilami on September 11, 1985. She is an actress, minister, and a civil rights leader. They have two children son Awodele and daughter Juanita.

</doc>
<doc id="30936957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936957" title="Buck Stanley">
Buck Stanley

John Leonard "Buck" Stanley (November 13, 1889 – August 13, 1940) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball. He played for the Philadelphia Phillies in 1911.

</doc>
<doc id="30936969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936969" title="Probstzella station">
Probstzella station

Probstzella station is the station of the Thuringian town of Probstzella in the district of Saalfeld-Rudolstadt. It is located at the southeastern edge of Probstzella and since 1 October 1885 it has been a through station on the Franconian Forest Railway. The station is 1.3 km from the Bavarian-Thuringian border and after the Second World War until German reunification in 1990, it served as the point of entry for traffic passing from West Germany to East Germany and is considered the last remaining border station on the Inner German border.
History.
The station was opened on 8 August 1885 with the completion of the section of the Franconian Forest Railway from Eichicht (now part of Kaulsdorf) to Probstzella as one of the Prussian state railways. On 1 October 1885 the Royal Bavarian State Railways opened the Ludwigsstadt–Probstzella section, completing the line from Bavaria, following the earlier opening of the Stockheim–Ludwigsstadt section. Probstzella is the southernmost station on the line in Thuringia.
The Probstzella–Schmiedefeld line opened at the end of 1898 and it was extended to Sonnenberg in 1913.
The Franconian Forest line was of great importance as the main line between Bavaria and central Germany. It was electrified on 15 May 1939. In 1939 it was served each day by two long-distance express trains, up to eleven regional express trains, two semi-fast trains and eight local trains.
In April 1945, traffic was interrupted by the Second World War, but it was soon resumed and in November 1945 the overhead lines were also restored. Continuous electrical operations between Thuringia and Bavaria were delayed due to problems in guaranteeing power supply, because Thuringia was in the Soviet occupation zone and Bavaria was in the American zone. In 1946, the overhead lines were removed in the Soviet zone for war reparations. In 1950, the section of the line from the border to Probstzella station was re-electrified so that steam locomotives did not have to run up the steep climb to Steinbach am Wald. As a result, the change point between the electrical locomotives of Deutsche Bundesbahn (DB) and the locomotives of Deutsche Reichsbahn (DR) was moved to Probstzella from Ludwigsstadt. This section was the only transition between DB and DR that was operated electrically. In addition to the locomotive transfer operations, border controls on freight trains were carried out at Probstzella and immigration formalities, which had previously been carried out on the trains, moved to Probstzella station.
The second track between Saalfeld and the border was dismantled in 1946. As a result rail services were limited. In 1947 an express train and three freight trains ran over the border each day.
On 20 September 1961, DR decided to build a 347 metres long connecting curve between the Franconian Forest line and the line to Sonnenberg. This had been planned since 1936, to avoid the need to reverse in Probstzella. The curve would have an advantage for border security as internal traffic would no longer have to run to the border station. On 2 October 1961, construction work began north of the station. On 9 December 1961 the new line was opened. Probstzella halt was opened on 2 November 1964 on this single-track curve. On 23 May 1993, the curve was closed.
In 1995, double track and electrification was restored on the Franconian Forest line. Since then, only regional trains stop in Probstzella. Freight trains also stop there when they need an extra locomotive to climb the ramp to Steinbach.
Border control offices.
A separate building for border control was built at Probstzella station in 1976. It is a four-storey masonry building. On the ground floor of the building there were rooms for border control and a 20 metre-long “control” path, through which all those leaving had to pass. In addition, it housed the offices of the East German border troops, passport control and customs.
Since German reunification, the building has been abandoned. In May 2007, it was bought by the town of Probstzella for € 3,500, with the intention of demolishing it. The Thuringian Conservation Office informed the community in August 2008 that due to its dilapidated condition it would not be heritage listed.
Historians of the period spoke out against the demolition proposal. There were plans to establish a museum in part of the former border station. In December 2008 the building was finally torn down. On 6 November 2010, a border station museum opened in the historic station building, covering the history of border controls at the border stations on the Inner German border.

</doc>
<doc id="30936983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936983" title="Christopher Anderson">
Christopher Anderson

Christopher Anderson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30936984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936984" title="Malaysia–Sudan relations">
Malaysia–Sudan relations

Malaysia – Sudan relations (Malay "Hubungan Malaysia-Sudan" refers to the bilateral ties between Malaysia and Sudan. Malaysia has an embassy in Khartoum, while Sudan has an embassy in Kuala Lumpur.
Diplomatic ties.
Sudan has brotherly relations with Malaysia. Both countries are members of the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation, Malaysia has an oilfeld in North and South Sudan based on headquarters in Khartoum. Sudan grants a one-month visa for Malaysians and beyond that, Malaysians can apply to extend that period.

</doc>
<doc id="30936997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30936997" title="Fernando Nicolas Oliva">
Fernando Nicolas Oliva

Fernando Nicolas Oliva (born September 26, 1971) is a former Argentine football player.

</doc>
<doc id="30937001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937001" title="Schoenau ultimatum">
Schoenau ultimatum

The Schoenau ultimatum was a terrorist hostage-taking incident in Marchegg, Austria by the terrorist group As-Sa'iqa. At the time Vienna was a transit point for Russian Jews, the largest population of Jews remaining in Europe. The Schoenau ultimatum focused attention away from Egyptian and Syrian military build-up and their planned attack that would come to be known as the Yom Kippur War.
Background.
The Israeli government had long encouraged European Jewish refugees to immigrate to Israel. As Jews displaced by the Holocaust dried up in Europe, the Russian Jewish population, the last source of Ashkenazi Jews, who were facing increasing oppression within the Soviet Union, became an important population encouraged to immigrate to Israel. In the wake of the Six-Day War in 1967, the Soviet Union broke off diplomatic relations with Israel. This stirred up Zionist feelings among some Soviet Jews, the majority of whom were assimilated and non-religious.
A mass emigration was politically undesirable for the Soviet regime. As increasing numbers of Soviet Jews applied to emigrate to Israel in the period following the 1967 Six Day War, many were formally refused permission to leave. After the Dymshits-Kuznetsov hijacking affair in 1970 and the crackdown that followed, strong international condemnations caused the Soviet authorities to increase the emigration quota. From 1960 to 1970, only 4,000 people left the Soviet Union; in the following decade, the number rose to 250,000.
Many of these Jews passed through the transit center located at the Schönau Castle in Austria. The Castle was used by the Austrian government as a transit camp for Russian Jews who had just been permitted to leave Russia prior to emigrating to the West.
Hostage taking.
On September 28, 1973, 3 to 7 Jewish emigrants were taken hostage, among them a 73-year-old man, an ailing woman and a three-year-old child, on a train at the Austria-Czechoslovakian border by a Syrian based Palestinian Arab terrorist group, As-Sa'iqa. In addition to demanding a free passage to an Arab country, they gave the Austrian government an ultimatum to close the Schönau transit center or they would execute the hostages. Austrian Chancellor Bruno Kreisky gave in to the demands and closed the Jewish Agency's transit facility.
The incident captured the attention of Israeli media and became a "cause celebre". Israeli Prime Minister Golda Meir diverted her return flight from the Council of Europe to try and convince Kreisky to not give in to the terrorist demands. Kreisky refused to change his position, and Meir returned to Israel infuriated. With the center closed, the terrorists were flown to Libya.
Result.
The entire incident captured the attention of the Israeli government when it should have been focusing on Egyptian and Syrian military build-up. The Schoenau ultimatum is seen as one of the causes of the massive military intelligence blunder of the Israeli Intelligence in not foreseeing the surprise attack of the Yom Kippur War.
In December of 1973, the Schönau Castle Jewish center was closed for good and was replaced by the Wöllersdorf National Association of the Red Cross of Lower Austria for refugees.

</doc>
<doc id="30937014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937014" title="The Garden of Earthly Delights (1981 film)">
The Garden of Earthly Delights (1981 film)

The Garden of Earthly Delights is an experimental short film by Stan Brakhage, released in 1981. The film was partly inspired by Hieronymus Bosch’s painting of the same name.
Production.
"The Garden of Earthly Delights," like Brakhage's earlier "Mothlight", is considered a "collage film." It was created without the use of a camera, by pasting montane zone vegetation, such as petals, grasses and leaves, onto strips of clear film leader. Brakhage intended the film as "an homage to (but also argument with) Hieronymous Bosch."
At the time I made "The Garden Earthly Delights", I was very annoyed with Hieronymus Bosch’s painting of the same name, which envisions nature as puffy and sweet, while the humans are suffering these torments. After all, nature suffers as well. As a plant winds itself around, in its desperate reach for sunlight, it undergoes its own torments. We are not the only ones in the world.Brakhage has also cited as inspiration J.E.H. MacDonald's "The Tangled Garden", and the flower paintings of Emil Nolde.
"The Garden of Earthly Delights" was produced on 16mm film, and is intended to be screened at 18 frames per second; however, this is not possible for many 16mm projectors. The film runs for a total of 2,496 frames. Like Bosch's triptych, Brakhage's film is divided into three sections using alternating black and white leader backgrounds.
Reception.
"The Garden of Earthly Delights" is often viewed as a companion piece to "Mothlight." Karli Lukas, writing for "Senses of Cinema", described the film as "a brilliant illustration of Brakhage’s philosophies regarding the persistence and particularities (or peculiarities) of vision." Adrian Ivakhiv considers the film "a flickering kaleidoscope of visual intensity by which viewers are drawn in to the very act of seeing the light of projected “nature."" Film scholar Scott MacDonald was admiring of the film, remarking that the viewing experience "evokes a complex, multileveled set of implied comparisons between Brakhage's filmmaking and gardening."

</doc>
<doc id="30937020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937020" title="Mediaset Extra">
Mediaset Extra

Mediaset Extra is an Italian entertainment television channel, owned by the media company Mediaset, launched on 26 November 2010. 
It is broadcast in Italy on DTT channel 34 on mux "TIMB 1 ".
The channel programming mainly consists of reruns of Mediaset's channels.

</doc>
<doc id="30937024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937024" title="Urquidi">
Urquidi

Urquidi is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30937030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937030" title="2011 Toronto Rock season">
2011 Toronto Rock season

The Toronto Rock are a lacrosse team based in Toronto playing in the National Lacrosse League (NLL). The 2011 season was the 15th in franchise history, and 14th as the Rock. The Rock won the championship on May 15 defeating the Washington Stealth 8-7. They tied the NLL record with their 6th victory.
Regular season.
Game log.
Reference: 
Playoffs.
Game log.
Reference: 

</doc>
<doc id="30937038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937038" title="Juan Francisco Urquidi">
Juan Francisco Urquidi

Juan Francisco Urquidi Márquez was a Mexican diplomat.

</doc>
<doc id="30937040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937040" title="Taichi Sato">
Taichi Sato

Taichi Sato (born August 23, 1977) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="30937056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937056" title="Cover Me (Canadian TV series)">
Cover Me (Canadian TV series)

Cover Me was a Canadian television mini-series which aired on CBC Television in 1999.
External links.
http://www.tv.com/shows/cover-me-based-on-the-true-life-of-an-fbi-family/

</doc>
<doc id="30937065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937065" title="Tadaaki Matsubara">
Tadaaki Matsubara

Tadaaki Matsubara (born July 2, 1977) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="30937066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937066" title="Ocyptamus">
Ocyptamus

Ocyptamus is a large and diverse genus of over 300 species of hoverfly mostly found in the Neotropical region. It is likely that many of these species will be discovered to be synonyms though many others await description. Also there is some evidence the genus is not monophyletic and is paraphyletic with regard to "Eosalpingogaster" and "Toxomerus".
Species.
Subgenus: "Pseudoscaeva" Vockeroth, 1969
Subgenus: "Hermesomyia" Vockeroth, 1969
Subgenus: "Orphnabaccha" Hull, 1949
Subgenus: "Pipunculosyrphus" Hull, 1937
Subgenus: "Ocyptamus" Macquart, 1834
Subgenus: "Mimocalla" Hull, 1943
Subgenus: "Styxia" Hull, 1943
Subgenus: "Calostigma" Shannon, 1927
Subgenus: "Hybobathus" Enderlein, 1937
Subgenus: "Atylobaccha" Hull, 1949
Subgenus: "Pelecinobaccha" Shannon, 1927
External links.
For many photographic examples: http://www.flickr.com/search/?q=ocyptamus&w=all

</doc>
<doc id="30937068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937068" title="Prithimpassa Family">
Prithimpassa Family

Pritim Pasha Nawab Family is the aristocratic family of Pritim Pasha, Kulaura Upazilla, Moulvibazar, Sylhet, Bangladesh. Descended from the Royal House of Bengal (Nawabs of Bengal), the family was of the erstwhile feudal nobility of East Bengal. Prithimpassa Nawab Bari is a place of tourist attraction. The family played important roles at 1857 anti-British revolution, at 1948 when Pakistan became independent from India and later when Sylhet merged with East Pakistan through referendum and in 1971 liberation war of Bangladesh. Sakhi Salamat is the founder of the family who settled here from Persia in 1499. His son was Ismail Khan Lodhi. Ismail Khan was, during the reign of Sulaiman Shah, made governor of Orissa and was given the title Khanja Khan. Later Daud Shah, son of Sulaiman Shah also confirmed him as governor of Orissa at 1573 AD.
History.
Seventeenth century.
During the reign of Akbar Ismail Khan was given Jagirs and was under the Mughal. In the reign of Jahangir in 1612 AD Eastern Bengal was conquered and during that period all the Umaras under the Bengal King were brought under the Mughal Monarch and were settled in the area with assurances to live peacefully under the Moghul ruler. Shamsui-Din was the son of Amir-ul-Umara Nawab Ismail Khan Lodhi who lived from 1624 to 1682 A.D. His son was Maulvi Mohammad Rabi Khan titled Danishmand was an erudite person and a highly respected and revered scholar of that time. He was the teacher of the children of Nawab Nazim Ul Dawla of Bengal, Nawab Sarfaraz Khan and Nawab Shahamat Jang and others. He obtained jagirs under sanad(negotiation) from Bengal King Nawab Sarfaraz Khan and Nawab Ali Vardi Khan, Mahabat Jung’s nephew, Nawab Nawazish Muhammad Khan Shahamat Jang who was Naeb Subedhar of Dhaka. He obtained a Jagir from Nazim of Bengal Nawab Qasim Ali Khan, also under a sanad and these sanads(negotiation papers) are still in the family in original. Maulavi Rabi according to history emerges as a figure of considerable charismatic authority and organizational ability. He commanded considerable manpower in order to carry out his work. He received sanad from Moghul emperor Alamgir II. He also obtained Jagir by sanad from Nazim of Bengal Nawab Qasim Khan.
Eighteenth century.
Maulvi Mohammad Rabi Khan had gained the confidence and respect of the Nawab Nazim of Bengal in the State of Murshidabad. He received jagirs in 1141 BS and 1156 BS. In 1756 he established Rabir Bazar, the town of modern Moulvibazar. The Nazim of Bengal in recognition of his intellect and erudition gave "Danishmand" tiltle to him. There was even a calendar in his honour in the reign of Nazims of Bengal.
Moulvi Mohammad Ali Khan, great grandfather of Moulvi Nawab Ali Amjad Khan was the son of Moulvi Mohammad Rabi Khan was the assistant Qazi of Sylhet district in 1773 and afterwards became a Qazi of Taraf. In 1793 he strongly put down the rebellion of Naga and Koki tribes. For this, he obtained a Jagir and some authority of keeping troops and other honours from the British Government. In 1819 the Jagirs were made permanent with the Nawab family.
Nineteenth century (Indian Rebellion of 1857).
In the anti-British sepoy mutiny of 1857, the family sided with the mutineers. Some 300 sepoys who revolted against the British looted the Chittagong Treasury and took shelter with Nawab Gaus Ali Khan the zamindar of Prithimpassa.
Ghaus Ali Khan was the son of Maulvi Mohammad Ali Khan. His son was Ali Ahmad Khan who in 1869 (1275 Bengali Year) helped the British Government in the battle of Loshai. The British Government thanked him and as a reward of its gratitude and appreciation exempted him from Arms Act. During his period the Nawab Estates revenue reached its peak and the powers and authorities of the Estate grew enormously. Nawab Ali Ahmed Khan constructed the river port Chandni Ghat at Sylhet on Surma River. Nawab Ali Ahmed Khan died in 1874. His son was Nawab Ali Amjad Khan and daughter Latifa Banu. In 3rd Agrahan, 1278 Bangla Year, 1871 AD Nawab Ali Amjad Khan was born in Prithimpassa in the family Estate. His mother was Umraonissa Khatun. Nawab Ali Amjad Khan was very successful in increasing the revenue of the Estate many fold. In 1304 Bangla Year, 12 July 1897 AD, there was a cataclysmic earthquake in Sylhet. It caused colossal damage to the region and the Estate. The physiography of the region was seriously changed due to the earthquake.
Nawab Ali Amjad Khan was an expert hunter and undertook many hunting expeditions in which he usually invited other rulers from as far away as Murshidabad and Rampur in India. According to record he alone shot 43 tigers from his own jungle and other forests of Assam and Tripura. He also won trophies for marksmanship. He was one of the pioneers in Tea cultivation. Among many achievements one was the establishment of Rungicherra Tea Estate. He established Ali Amjad Girls' High School. He was always in the forefront in this area. He sanctioned stipends and scholarships to many schools of Karimganj, Assam and Chittagong. He presented gold medals to outstanding students and offered financial assistance to poor and deserving students. He was the member of The Aligarh University Committee. He received citations and accolades from the British government in recognition of his contribution towards the development of education in Sylhet. In Prithimpassa apart from his contribution towards the area’s development in various fields he established Ali Amjad High School, which is one of the earliest co-education institutions in Bengal. At the myriad areas he contributed with finance and logistics communication, postal system, medical etc. For his contributions to the region, in various areas, the British in recognition declared Nawab Ali Amjad Khan Honorary Magistrate. In 1901 Lord Curzon who was the Governor General of British India visited Silchar and Nawab Ali Amjad Khan played a prominent role during the visit. 
In 1301 Bangla (1895 AD) Chaitra he visited Nawab Bahadur of Murshidabad Wasif Ali Mirza Khan who was his close friend. They had a very successful tiger hunt in the hills near Bahadurpur Station in Assam. Nawab Ali Amjad Khan was an expert horse rider, Polo player and sharp shooter. The Sylhet tower clock popularly known as "Ali Amjad’s Ghari" was presented by his father Nawab Ali Ahmed Khan which he later constructed and completed during his lifetime which is working till now.
During his trip to Kolkata in 1312 Bangla Year, 14 Ashin (1905 AD) Ali Amjad Khan was struck with Enteric fever and on 10th. Agrahan, 1312 Bangla Year (1905 AD) he died. He was aged 34 years.
His sons were Nawab Ali Haider Khan and Nawab Ali Asghar Khan. Nawab Ali Haider Khan was born in 1900 AD (Maagh 29, 1306 Bangla Year) and died on June 30, 1963 AD. He and his brother married the daughters of the Honourable Ihtisham-ul- Mulk, Rais-ul-Dowla, Amir-ul-Omrah, Nawab Asef Kudr Wasif Ali Mirza Khan, Khan Bahadur, KCSI, KCVO. Mahabut Jung; Premiere noble of Bengal, Behar and Orissa; he was 38th in descent to the Prophet of Islam Hazrat Mohammad (SM). Nawab Ali Haider Khan was a minister in the cabinet of Sir Syed Muhammad Sadullah who was Premier of Assam from 1937 to 1938; again from 1939-1941. He was also was a minister in the G. Bardalai’s cabinet. Nawab Ali Haider Khan was the leader of the Independent Muslim Party. In 1945 he was, in the Parliamentary Board which was formed with Assam Congress Coalition and Independent Muslim Parliamentary Party of which he was the leader, along with Fakhruddin Ali Ahmed (who later became the President of India), and Gopinath Bordoloi. (Muslims in Assam Politics by M. Kar 1990, Pg. 251). After partition he continued in politics as leader of Muslim League and contested elections. The library of Prithimpassa Estate was established in 1921.
Twentieth century (emergence of Pakistan).
In 1950 the Shah of Iran Mohammad Reza Pahlavi visited Prithimpassa Estate and stayed for four days at the palace of the Nawabs and went to wild life hunting in the Estate forests. Then Governor General of Pakistan Khwaja Nazimuddin accompanied him in this trip. While, officer Ayub Khan served as security in charge.
His children were Nawab Ali Safdar Khan, Sahebzadi Syedatunnessa Begum and Nawab Ali Sarwar Khan. Nawab Ali Safdar Khan popularly known as "Raja Saheb" was the eldest son born in 1917 in the Murshidabad Palace of his maternal grandfather. He was died in 1974 on 16 July at Dhaka. He was a leader in Ballisara peasant movement of the 1960s. In 1971 he led the liberation war of Bangladesh as commander of regiment from the Tripura borders.
Sahebzadi Sayeedunnessa Begum, the only daughter was born in 1923 in Kolkata, died in December 6, 1999. She was married to Prince Wahid Ali Mirza, direct descendant and heir apparent of ruler of Oudh Wajid Ali Shah. The couple had a son Sahebzada Asif Ali Mirza, the great grandson of Prince Qamar Qadr and great greatson of Wajid Ali Shah, the ruler of the Royal House of Awadh. After the premature death of Wahid Ali Mirza, she married a very successful and honorable Police Officer of India Syed Amanat Hossain, who was a Barah Syed, the lineal descendant of the Prophet of Islam. He was superintendent of Special Police Department controlled by the Federal Government in Islamabad and was in charge of East Pakistan.
Nawab Ali Sarwar Khan was the youngest child born on 15th. May 1924 at Kolkata, at Sylhet House. He died in 1995, 21 July, at Dhaka. He was elected member of Provincial Assembly, which later became Constituent Assembly following the independence of Bangladesh, on December 9. 1970. In 1973 he contested the election again and was elected Member of Parliament by a landslide. He was a freedom fighter. He was at the Tripura front.
Nawab Ali Asghar Khan(1903 - May 1984 AD) was the second son of Nawab Ali Amjad Khan. He was MLC from Muslim League in British India. His son was Nawab Ali Yeawar Khan was MPA from 1958 to 1968 during the regime of Ayub Khan.

</doc>
<doc id="30937096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937096" title="Seed of the serpent">
Seed of the serpent

Seed of the serpent may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30937140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937140" title="2011 Washington Stealth season">
2011 Washington Stealth season

The Washington Stealth are a lacrosse team based in Everett, Washington. The team plays in the National Lacrosse League (NLL). The 2011 season was the second season in Washington, and the 12th in franchise history (previously the San Jose Stealth and Albany Attack). The Stealth finished third in the West division, but defeated the Minnesota Swarm and Calgary Roughnecks in the playoffs to advance to their second NLL Championship in as many years. They played the Toronto Rock once again, but this time the Rock prevailed 8-7.
Regular season.
Game log.
Reference:
Playoffs.
Game log.
Reference:

</doc>
<doc id="30937142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30937142" title="Jim Steineke">
Jim Steineke

Jim Steineke (November 23, 1970) is a Wisconsin real estate agent and Republican politician.
Born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, Steineke attended the University of Wisconsin-Oshkosh and the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee. He worked as a realtor.
Public office.
He was the Town supervisor for the Town of Vandenbroek from 2005 to 2007, Town Chair from 2007 to 2011 and an Outagamie County supervisor from 2006 to 2011. 
Steineke was elected to the Wisconsin State Assembly for the 5th assembly district (northeastern Outagamie County and the Town of Maple Grove) in 2010 to succeed Democrat Tom Nelson (who was the Democratic nominee for lieutenant governor). He has identified himself as a proponent of limited government and lower taxes.

</doc>
