<doc id="31037876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037876" title="The Last Royals">
The Last Royals

The Last Royals are an American Indie/Pop band from Brooklyn, NY.
Background.
The Last Royals, a duo of writer/singer/producer Eric James and drummer Mason Ingram first met in 2010 while recording a record to benefit Restore NYC, a charity focused on ending sex trafficking and restoring the well-being and independence of foreign-national survivors. Ingram's addition allowed James' to expand songs originally recorded in late-night laptop sessions under the moniker The Early Hours, with an 8-song release called 'A Week And A Day'. Eric James went to Grove City College, where he studied music.
The Last Royals EP, Crystal Vases, and Ooh La La Records.
The Last Royals partnered with Ooh La La Records to release a self-titled EP on November 16, 2010, including the track "Crystal Vases". The program director at SiriusXM's Alt Nation heard "Crystal Vases" and added the song to regular rotation in early 2011, where the song went to into the station's Top 18 Countdown for 5 consecutive months. The EP was hailed by numerous indie and blog outlets as ”Energetic, electro-pop songs that coincide with the most bittersweet sentiments...danceable beats, melodic-vocals and wistful words for your listening enjoyment.”, and a “Stark contrast between upbeat, danceable music and dark lyrics — a style choice made specifically to embody life in New York City”
Covers EP.
While working on a debut full-length album, the band posted several downloadable cover songs in Spring 2011, including Unbelievable by EMF, If You Leave by OMD and Nothing Compares 2 U by Sinéad O'Connor.
TWISTIFICATION (album) and 3-Song Teaser.
In Spring 2012, The Last Royals toured as direct support to Lovedrug. On October 2, 2012, Ooh La La Records released an album teaser including 3 songs from The Last Royals debut album TWISTIFICATION, due out January 8, 2013. With growing press attention and coverage by from music blogs, The Last Royals played numerous shows at CMJ Music Marathon in New York City in October 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="31037879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037879" title="Botswana military ranks and insignia">
Botswana military ranks and insignia

Ranks and Insignia
BDF Ranks
The Botswana Ground Force and the Botswana Air Force maintain the same rank system, which is loosely based on British or Commonwealth ranks systems. In an unusual arrangement, warrant officers in the BGF are considered to be enlisted, and rank with NCOs. The ranks are as follows:
Enlisted
Officers

</doc>
<doc id="31037918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037918" title="Astoria Palace Hotel">
Astoria Palace Hotel

The Astoria Palace Hotel is a hotel in Copacabana, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. It faces the Copacabana Beach and is located just metres west of the Copacabana Palace Hotel. It is one of the newest hotels in the area and has 115 rooms.

</doc>
<doc id="31037938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31037938" title="Irene-class cruiser">
Irene-class cruiser

The "Irene" class was a class of protected cruisers built by the German Imperial Navy ("Kaiserliche Marine") in the late 1880s. The class comprised two ships, and ; they were the first protected cruisers built by the German Navy. As built, the ships were armed with a main battery of fourteen guns and had a top speed of . They were modernized in 1899–1905, and their armament was upgraded with new, quick-firing guns.
Both ships served in the East Asia station with the East Asia Squadron; "Prinzess Wilhelm" played a major role in the seizure of the Kiautschou Bay concession in November 1897. Both ships returned to Germany at the turn of the 20th century, and remained in European waters until 1914, when they were removed from active service. They were reduced to secondary roles then, and continued to serve until the early 1920s, when they were sold for scrap.
Design.
General characteristics.
The ships were long at the waterline and long overall. They had a beam of and a draft of forward. They displaced at designed displacement and at full combat load. The hull was constructed with transverse and longitudinal steel frames, and the outer hull consisted of wood planking covered with Muntz copper sheathing to prevent fouling. The stem was made of bronze below and iron above. The hull was divided into 10 watertight compartments and had a double bottom that extended for 49 percent of the length of the hull.
The ships were very good sea boats; they ran very well before the wind, and were very handy. They lost minimal speed in hard turns and suffered from moderate roll and pitch. In heavy seas, the ships were capable of only half speed, as both suffered from structural weakness in the forecastle. They had a transverse metacentric height of . The ships had a crew of 28 officers and 337 enlisted men; after their modernization after the turn of the century, the ships' crews comprised 17 officers and 357 enlisted men. The ships carried a number of smaller boats, including two picket boats, one pinnace, two cutters, one yawl, and two dinghies. Searchlight platforms were added to the foremast above the waterline.
Machinery.
"Irene"s propulsion system consisted of two horizontal Wolfsche 2-cylinder double-expansion steam engines powered by four coal-fired cylindrical double-boilers. "Prinzess Wilhelm"s engines were produced by AG Germania. "Irene" was equipped with a pair of three-bladed screws in diameter; "Prinzess Wilhelm" had slightly larger screws with four blades. The ships' engines were rated at and provided a top speed of and a range of approximately at . The ships were equipped with a pair of electrical generators that produced at 67 volts. "Prinzess Wilhelm" was later equipped with three generators with a combined output of at 110 volts. Steering was controlled by a single rudder.
Armament and armor.
The ships were armed with four 15 cm K L/30 guns in single pedestal mounts, supplied with 400 rounds of ammunition in total. They had a range of . The ships also carried ten shorter-barreled 15 cm K L/22 guns in single mounts. These guns had a much shorter range, at . The gun armament was rounded out by six 3.7 cm revolver cannon. They were also equipped with three torpedo tubes with eight torpedoes, two launchers were mounted on the deck and the third was in the bow, below the waterline. The ships were modernized in Wilhelmshaven between 1899 and 1905. The ships' armament was significantly improved; the four L/30 guns were replaced with a new model with an increased range of . Eight 10.5 cm SK L/35 quick-firing (QF) guns were installed in place of the L/22 guns, and six 5 cm SK L/10 QF guns were added.
The ships were protected with compound steel armor. The armored deck was plus thick with 20 mm thick slopes. The coaming was thick on thick teak. The conning tower had thick sides and a 20 mm thick roof. The ships were equipped with cork cofferdams.
Service history.
"Irene" was the first protected cruiser built by the German navy. She was ordered under the contract name ""Ersatz" " and was laid down at the AG Vulcan shipyard in Stettin in 1886. She was launched on 23 July 1887, after which fitting-out work commenced. She was commissioned into the German navy on 25 May 1888. "Prinzess Wilhelm" was ordered under the contract name ""Ersatz" " and was laid down at the Germaniawerft shipyard in Kiel in 1886. She was launched on 22 September 1887, after which fitting-out work commenced. She was commissioned into the German navy on 13 November 1889.
Both "Irene" and "Prinzess Wilhelm" saw extensive service with the German fleet. "Irene" frequently escorted Kaiser Wilhelm II's yacht on cruises throughout Europe. In 1894, "Irene" was deployed to East Asian waters; "Prinzess Wilhelm" joined her the following year. "Prinzess Wilhelm" was one of three ships involved in the seizure of the naval base Kiaochou Bay in November 1897, led by Admiral Otto von Diederichs. "Irene" was in dock for engine maintenance at the time, and so she was not present during the operation. As a result of the seizure, the Cruiser Division was reorganized as the East Asia Squadron. Both ships were present in the Philippines in the immediate aftermath of the Battle of Manila Bay between American and Spanish squadrons during the Spanish-American War in 1898. Diederichs hoped to use the crisis as an opportunity to seize another naval base in the region, though this was unsuccessful.
"Prinzess Wilhelm" returned to Germany in 1899 and was modernized in 1899–1903. "Irene" followed her sister back to Germany in 1901, and was similarly modified in 1903–1905. Both ships remained in service until early 1914, when they were retired from front-line service and used for secondary duties. "Irene" was converted into a submarine tender. She served in this capacity until 1921, when she was sold for scrap and broken up the following year. "Prinzess Wilhelm" was reduced to a mine hulk in February 1914 and ultimately broken up for scrap in 1922.

</doc>
<doc id="31038000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038000" title="Maria Antonia Branconi">
Maria Antonia Branconi

Maria Antonia von Branconi, née "Elsener" (27 October 1746 in Genoa – 7 July 1793 in Abano) was the official royal mistress of Charles William Ferdinand, Duke of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel between 1766 and 1777. She was a friend of Johann Wolfgang von Goethe. Branconi was by her contemporaries known as the most beautiful woman in Germany.
Family.
She was the daughter of German-Italian parents and was raised in Naples. At the age of twelve, she married the royal official Francesco de Pessina Branconi (d. 21 October 1766), with whom she had one daughter and one son. In November 1766, she met the heir of the throne of Brunswick, who made a study trip through Europe after his marriage in 1764. She entered into a relationship with him and followed him back to Brunswick in Germany, where she became his official favorite. The couple had a child, Karl Anton Ferdinand (1767–1794). Branconi lived in her own palace at Wilhelmstrasse in Brunswick, where she entertained a large social life. In 1774, she and her two children with her husband was ennobled by emperor Joseph II as "von Branconi". The relationship with Karl was finished when he entered into a relationship with Luise Hertefeld in 1777. Branconi made several trips in Europe and lived in Paris 1787–1791. She had a son, Jules Adolph Marie, in a new relationship in 1788.
Branconi was acquainted with the professors at the university of Brunswick, among them JJ Eschenburg and Johann Arnold Ebert. She was also acquainted with Johann Wilhelm Ludwig Gleim, Sophie von La Roche and Johann Caspar Lavater and corresponded with Goethe from 1780.

</doc>
<doc id="31038015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038015" title="James Roberts (printer)">
James Roberts (printer)

James Roberts (fl. 1564–1606), was an English printer.
Roberts was made free of the Company of Stationers on 27 June 1564, and on 24 June 1567 began to take apprentices. The first entry to him is for "An almanacke and pronostication of Master Roberte Moore, 1570". He was one of several who petitioned the company for pardon on 27 January 1577–8, after having presented certain complaints. With R. Watkins he had a patent for almanacs and prognostications for twenty-one years from 12 May 1588. This patent lasted to the end of the reign of Elizabeth. James I granted for ever the right to the Stationers' Company from 29 October 1603. Roberts took over John Charlewood's books on 31 May 1594, including the right of printing playbills, which William Jaggard unsuccessfully applied for. 
About 1595 Roberts probably married Charlewood's widow, Alice. He is also said to have married a daughter of Heyes the stationer. The court of assistants ordered, on 1 September 1595, ‘that James Roberts shall clerely from hensforth surcease to deale with the printinge of the Brief Catechisme’ lately printed by him, and that he should deliver up all sheets of the book. On 25 June 1596 he was admitted into the livery.
‘A booke of the "Marchaunt of Venyce", or otherwise called the Jewe of Venyce,’ was entered to him on 22 July 1598 (Arber, Transcript of the Registers, iii. 122), and he printed the first edition of the play in 1600. He also issued the first editions of "A Midsummer Night's Dream" and "Titus Andronicus" in the same year. He paid a fine on 26 March 1602 for not serving the rentership. On 26 July 1602 he had entered to him "The Revenge of Hamlett, Prince of Denmarke", as yt was latelie acted by the Lord Chamberleyne his servantes’. The first edition was printed by N. Ling in 1603; the second and third impressions were printed by Roberts for Ling in 1604 and 1605. One other Shakespearean entry to him is for "Troilus and Cressida", as yt is acted by my lord chamberlen's Men,’ 7 Feb. 1603, of which the first printed edition came from the press of G. Eld in 1609. The last entry is on 10 July 1606 (Arber, Transcript of the Registers, iii. 326). ‘The players billes’ and some books were transferred to William Jaggard on 29 October 1615 (Arber, Transcript of the Registers, iii. 575). A long list of books belonging to Roberts towards the end of his life is reprinted in Joseph Ames, "Typographical Antiquities" (ed. William Herbert, ii. 1031–1032). Roberts first lived in St. Paul's Churchyard, London, at the sign of the Sun; he afterwards had a house in the Barbican. He printed down to 1606. F. G. Fleay says that ‘he seems to have been given to piracy and invasion of copyright.’

</doc>
<doc id="31038042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038042" title="Pretty Little Things">
Pretty Little Things

Pretty Little Things is a 2010 novel by Jilliane Hoffman. It was released in the USA on September 7th, 2010, and deals with the topics of internet crime and missing and exploited children and is set in the Miami and Fort Lauderdale area. In addition to the US release, the book has enjoyed a considerable success on the German market, titled "Mädchenfänger", with a #5 rank among new novel releases.
Hoffman wrote the book based on her own professional experience; before her career as a writer, she worked in the Florida Department of Law Enforcement consulting with special agents. 
Plot summary.
13 year old Elaine Emerson, nicknamed Lainey, meets a boy on the internet while hiding behind a profile indicating her age as 16. She goes on a date with Zach, 17, nicknamed El Capitan, and never returns from the date. Special Agent Bobby Dees, head of the department's Crimes Against Children Squad, tries to find her.
Main characters.
Zachary M. Cusano:
Zachary M. Cusano is the son of Violet and Thomas Cusano. He’s residing at 124 Poinciana Lane, Jupiter; Florida. He is 17 years old, 190 pound weighty and 6 feet, 1 inch tall. He has blond hair and blue eyes. Zachary is the Team Capitan of the football team from the Jupiter High school and doesn’t know Elaine.
Elaine Louise Emerson:
Elaine Emerson is the daughter of Debbie LaManna and the stepdaughter of Todd LaManna. She has a sister Liza and a brother Bradley. She lives in Columbus, Ohio and goes at Sawgrass Middle school. Elaine has brown hair, brown eyes and is five feet tall and about ninety-five pound weighty. She likes Twilight especially Edward and she has an account in My Space in which she is lying about her age. Above all she likes El Capitan and has a date with him.
Bobby Dees:
Bobby Dees is a special agent, who was working for the NYPD. He is 40 years old and he wants to find every missing child.
Debbie LaManna:
Debbie LaManna, mother of Elaine, Liza and Bradley, is always stressed after work, because the children don't follow her instructions at home. She's more angry about the behaviour of her husband Todd than on Elaine's disappearance. Her oldest child Liza became criminal and doesn't show up often at home, Debbie doesn't want Elaine to become like this. Her mother died of lung cancer and she doesn't like to have the cops involved in her life.
Todd LaManna:
Todd LaManna is the father of Bradley and stepfather of Elaine and Liza. So he doesn't care of Elaine's and Liza's problems. He has a job as a 
used-car salesman at CarMax Regional. He cheats his wife with another woman.
A year before Elaine was kidnapped, Todd was arrested for lewd and lascivious conduct, because he was peeing against a wall nearby a playground.
Molly:
She is the best friend of Elaine.
Liza:
Liza Emerson, 16 years old, is Elaine’s sister. She has always problems with the police because of drugs or drinking alcohol. Liza is a runaway.
LuAnn: 
LuAnn is the wife of Bobby. She loves her daughter and is very sad that she went away from home.
Katherine: 
Katy is the daughter of the special agent Bobby. After a conflict with her parents she ran away from home, because of this Bobby have a feeling of guilt.
Places and locations.
The book is largely set at real-world locations. Elaine's former school is Ramblewood Middle School in Coral Springs, FL. Her new school is Sawgrass Middle School.

</doc>
<doc id="31038050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038050" title="Dick Penn">
Dick Penn

Alfred ("Dick") Penn (6 January 1855 - 18 October 1889) was an English cricketer who played first class cricket for Kent from 1875 to 1884. 
Penn was born at The Cedars, Lee, Lewisham, the son of John Penn a manufacturer of marine engines at works in Deptford and Greenwich. In 1874 he was playing cricket for Gentlemen of West Kent. He joined the county side in 1875 and played his opening match against Sussex. He played 48 first-class matches, 41 of which were for Kent. His strength was as a bowler and he achieved five wickets in an innings 20 times and ten wickets in a match 3 times. His last first class match was against MCC.
Penn was a left-hand batsman and played 82 innings in 48 first class matches with an average of 7.81 and a top score of 66. He was a left-arm round arm orthodox slow bowler and took 222 first class wickets at an average of 16.07 and a best performance of 8 for 34.
Penn died at Lee, at the age of 34. His brothers Frank and William also played cricket for Kent. His brothers-in-law were the rugby internationals Joseph Fletcher Green and Frederick Stockes.

</doc>
<doc id="31038059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038059" title="Mohammed Zniber">
Mohammed Zniber

Dr. Mohammed Zniber (1923–1993) was a Moroccan writer and historian. He also played an important role in the period of struggle for Morocco's struggle for independence from the French. He was a son of Moufti Boubker Zniber, the initiator of the petition against the Berber Dahir of the colonial French rule. In February 1944, he was arrested by the French together with his brother and father and spent three months in prison. After the war he was a history teacher and head of the history department of the University of Rabat. He is especially well known for his writings on the resistance fighters Frantz Fanon and Muhammad Ibn 'Abd al-Karim al-Khattabi and the history of his native town Salé.

</doc>
<doc id="31038109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038109" title="Eileen Montesin">
Eileen Montesin

Eileen Montesin is a Maltese actress and television personality who appeared on OneTV television's "Undercover", TVM's "Dejjem Tiegħek Becky" and "KC". She has also written and had a main part in the television series "Déjà Vu", which aired on Net TV. After she went on the top 3 maltese stations, she is expected it to be back on OneTV next season for the 13/14 season. Montesin is also a Radio DJ on Maltese Radio Station 100.2 XFM. 

</doc>
<doc id="31038111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038111" title="Emily DeCola">
Emily DeCola

Emily DeCola is a New York City based performer and designer, known primarily for her work with puppets. She has received several grants in the past, including the Jim Henson Foundation Project Grant, the 2004 UNIMA Grant for International Study in Puppetry, as well as a YES Foundation Fellowship. She was praised for her mask design in Peter Hall's staging of Animal Farm, as well as her puppet work in David Zellnik's Serendib
. DeCola has contributed to ehow.com, and currently works at The Puppet Kitchen, based in New York's East Village.

</doc>
<doc id="31038119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038119" title="Pencils of Promise">
Pencils of Promise

Pencils of Promise, also known as PoP for short, is a non-profit organization that builds schools and increases educational opportunities in the developing world. Pencils of Promise was founded by Adam Braun in October 2008. It is a 501(c)(3) organization with school-building operations in Laos, Nicaragua, Guatemala and Ghana. By June 2013, the charity has built more than 150 schools in a number of countries in Asia, Africa and Latin America.
Activities.
Origin of name.
The origin of the name comes from incident in India when Braun was visiting the country. He asked a poor street child what he wished to have most of all. The boy answered: "a pencil", so Braun gave him his pen, hence the name of the charity. Realizing how important education was in many developing countries, Braun visited more than 50 countries distributing pens, pencils and school supplies to children wherever he went. In October 2008, he established the charity with the aim of building small schools in developing countries.
Mission.
Pencils of Promise believes every child should have access to quality education. They create schools, programs, and global communities around the common goal of education for all. Pencils of Promise focuses on building strong structures and sustainable education programs by forming long-lasting, collaborative relationships with communities. Sites are picked taking into need, sustainability, cost efficiency, impact and commitment. The facilities are built with local labor and material. The charity also supports projects through ongoing education programs, curriculums, scholarships, sister programmes. Local staff are provided with professional development training to grow as professionals and take on leadership and mentor-ship roles. A majority of staff members are females and from the minorities.
Support.
The charity is supported by a number of celebrities and most prominently by Scooter Braun, a well-known entertainment manager, and elder brother of the founder. Also involved from the first days of the organization is one of Scooter Braun's biggest acts, Justin Bieber who has landed his voice as an international celebrity spokesman for the organization by running ads for the charity and its campaign Schools4All and promising to visit schools that donate the most funds to the organization. Bieber takes part in the charity's fund-raising galas and donates parts of proceeds of his concerts and line of fragrances "Someday" and various merchandising to the charity. DJ BLAU is also a major supporter of the charity. With the proceeds from his remix "Back to New", 3LAU raised $25,000 for the charity and helped to build Justo Rufino Primary School in Guatemala. For his most recent tour 3LAU raised over $10,000 towards building a second school for the charity.

</doc>
<doc id="31038123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038123" title="List of number-one albums of 2009 (Finland)">
List of number-one albums of 2009 (Finland)

This is the complete list of (physical) number-one albums sold in Finland in 2009 according to Finland's Official List composed by Suomen Ääni- ja kuvatallennetuottajat ÄKT (since late August 2010, known as Musiikkituottajat – IFPI Finland).

</doc>
<doc id="31038125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038125" title="Sébastien Parfait">
Sébastien Parfait

Sébastien Parfait is a jewellery designer from Paris.
Sébastien Parfait began to imagine and design jewelry very early on, a vocation that has never left him, and that became a reality when, five years after he first started, he entered the prestigious École du Louvre (HBJO). He graduated first in his class in 1995, with a gold medal to boot. In order to further explore his creativity and acquire the professional know-how, he went on to attend the Lyon School of Jewelry, where he received a degree in Fine art. After a first experience working for Cartier, he worked in several renowned houses, all the while working on his own creations, for which he quickly built up a clientele. He recently created his own company, and he now spends all of
his time designing and making original pieces. 
His pleasure in transforming the organic matter is based on a personal aesthetic
inclination toward mobility and clean lines. The piece must have some mobility
in itself, but also in relation to other elements. Soldering traces disappear,
while playfulness prevails. Pursuing clean lines leads to a minimalism that
banishes heaviness and excess.

</doc>
<doc id="31038137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038137" title="JoGa">
JoGa

JoGa (born 5 August 1984) is an American composer. He grew up in Watchung New Jersey, graduated from Watchung Hills Regional High School in 2002, and graduated from Harvard College in 2005. He performs as singer and guitarist for rock ensemble "The Second Nature". In addition to music, he is an avid filmmaker and has recently announced plans to release a feature-length independent film 'Dopeland' in 2020. He currently resides in Brooklyn NY.

</doc>
<doc id="31038139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038139" title="In the Shadow of the Wind">
In the Shadow of the Wind

In the Shadow of the Wind () is a 1987 Canadian drama film directed by Yves Simoneau. It was entered into the 37th Berlin International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="31038143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038143" title="Below the Root (novel)">
Below the Root (novel)

Below the Root is a science fiction/fantasy novel by Zilpha Keatley Snyder, the first book in the "Green Sky Trilogy". The 1984 videogame "Below the Root" is based on the book series.
Plot summary.
Raamo D’ok, a 13-year old "Kindar" boy, learns that he has been "Chosen" due to his unusually strong Spirit-force abilities. He will be joining the ranks of the "Ol-zhaan," Green-sky’s elite ruling class. The next day, Raamo returns to the temple as instructed where he meets the other Chosen, Genaa. Raamo begins to receive penses from a shadowy figure who is glad to see his strong Spirit-powers, cryptically announcing that he has also chosen Raamo.
During Ol-zhaan training, Raamo learns that Genaa's father is dead, captured by the "Pash-shan," feared creatures that live trapped below the ground. He also receives news that his sister Pomma has been ill, possibly with a disease called “the wasting.” She has participated in healing ceremonies with Ol-zhaan D’ol Neric, to little avail. Raamo sees Neric walking one day and tries to talk to him, but receives a pense telling him to stay back, revealing it was D’ol Neric who had pensed him before.
During the Ceremony of Elevation, D’ol Neric again penses Raamo, telling him to return to the great hall after dark. At their secret meeting, Neric tells Raamo that the Ol-zhaan are hiding secrets about their loss of Spirit-skills, the health of the roots that secure Green-sky, and the nature of the Pash-shan. He learned this by overhearing a meeting of a secret society within the Ol-zhaan, who call themselves the “Geets-kel.” On a clandestine trip to the forbidden forest floor they find a young, weeping, dark-skinned girl named Teera, apparently a kidnapped Kindar child. Raamo and Neric take the frightened Teera back up to the trees and hide her with Raamo’s family.
Genaa discovers the existence of Teera and, in the interrogation that follows, learns that Teera is not a captured Kindar but in fact a Pash-shan herself. Teera tells Genaa that her father is alive and has been living among the Pash-shan. Returning to the forest floor, Genaa has a joyful reunion through the vines with her father, Hiro D’anhk, who was drugged and imprisoned below the root by members of the Geets-kel. Genaa, Raamo, and Neric commit themselves to exposing the Geets-kel and work toward freeing the Pash-shan and Genaa's father.
Raamo has a nighttime meeting with the highest member of the Ol-zhaan, D’ol Falla. She leads Raamo to a hidden room containing history books and relics from a more violent Kindar past, including metal weapons. She tells Raamo that after colonizing their new planet, Kindar society was split into two factions. Eventually the first group imprisoned the second beneath the roots of the trees. She has come to the conclusion that the Spirit-powers in Green-sky are vanishing because of the separation of the Kindar population. Calling on Genaa and Neric to emerge from the shadows where they had been eavesdropping, D’ol Falla says she has been made aware of the group's activities by Geets-kel spies and that their purposes will soon be exposed. The four of them begin discussing plans for reuniting the Kinder and Pash-shan.

</doc>
<doc id="31038160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038160" title="Jonathan Zipf">
Jonathan Zipf

Jonathan Zipf (born 20 June 1986 in Herbolzheim-Broggingen) is a German professional triathlete and silver medalist of the 2005 Junior World Championships. In 2010 he was number 31 in the ITU World Championship Series Ranking.
Jonathan Zipf is a member of the military "Sportförderung Mainz" (Sports Promotion Mainz) High Performance Centre (military rank: "Stabsunteroffizier"). Until 2010, Zipf represented the German elite club Hansgrohe Team Schwarzwald. Since January 2011, Zipf has represented the EJOT Team TV Buschhütten in the German Bundesliga circuit. In 2010, Zipf also represented the French club Lagardère Paris Racing in the French Club Championship Series "Lyonnaise des Eaux". At Beauvais, the only triathlon of this French circuit Zipf attended, he placed 14th and thus was the second best of his club.
ITU competitions.
In the eight years from 2003 to 2010, Zipf took part in 32 ITU competitions and achieved 13 top ten positions. The following list is based upon the official ITU rankings and the athlete's profile page.
Unless indicated otherwise, the following events are triathlons (Olympic Distance) and belong to the Elite category.

</doc>
<doc id="31038176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038176" title="National Election Commission of South Korea">
National Election Commission of South Korea

The National Election Commission (; NEC) is an independent agency in South Korea established to manage free and fair elections and national referendums and administrative affairs concerning political parties and funds. The agency was established in accordance with Article 114 of the Constitution of South Korea. The NEC is equal in status with the National Assembly, the executive branch, the Supreme Court and the Constitutional Court of Korea. The purpose of its establishment is to fairly manage elections. 
Organization.
The Election Commission (NEC) has a four-stage organizational structure, consisting of the National Election Commission, 17 Si(metropolitan city)/Do(province) Election Commissions, 250 Gu(district or ward)/Si(city)/Gun(county) Election Commissions and 3,481 Eup/Myeon/Dong(township) Election Commissions.
The term of office of the members of the Commission shall be six years. No member of the Commission shall be expelled from office except by impeachment or a sentence of imprisonment without prison labor or heavier punishment. The members of the Commission shall not join political parties, nor shall they participate in political activities. 
Overseas Voting Committee is temporarily established at overseas embassies for the presidential election and the National Assembly elections conducted following the termination of office. 
1. National Election Commission
- Composition
The National Election Commission is an independent constitutional agency composed of 9 members. 3 members are appointed by the President, 3 elected by the National Assembly and 3 nominated by the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court. The Chairperson and the Vice Chairperson are elected from among the Commissioners and as is its custom, the Justice of the Supreme Court is elected to be the Chairperson. The Vice Chairperson of State Minister level is a full-time position unlike the Chairperson and supports the Chairperson as well as oversees the Secretariat as directed by the Chairperson. 6 year term of office is guaranteed by the constitution. 
The Secretariat, the Internet Election News Deliberation Commission and the Election Debate Broadcasting Commission are the NEC’s affiliated institutions. 
- Secretariat 
The Secretariat is composed of the Secretary General of State Minister level and the Deputy Secretary General of Vice Minister level in addition to two offices, twenty five divisions and one training institute. 
2. Si/Do Election Commission
- Composition 
Si/Do Election Commissions are composed of the Chairperson, the Vice Chairperson and Commissioners. Each political party that has a negotiating group in the National Assembly recommends one person (who has a voting right and is not a member of any political party) as a Commissioner. Three members including two judges are recommended by the Chief Justice of a Local District Court and another three members are nominated from a pool of scholars and individuals known for high academic and ethical standards. The Chairperson of the Commission is elected from among the members and customarily the Chief Justice of a District Court is elected the Chairperson. The Vice Chairperson is nominated by the National Election Commission and serves full-time. Under each Si/Do Election Commission are a secretariat and the Election Broadcasting Debates Commission. 
- Secretariat 
The Secretariat consists of the Vice Chairperson, the Secretary General and Four Divisions. 
3. Gu/Si/Gun Election Commission
- Composition 
Gu/Si/Gun Election Commissions are composed of the Chairperson, the Deputy Chairperson and Commissioners. Each Gu/Si/Gun Election Commission currently has two members endorsed by the political parties having a negotiation body in the National Assembly and six members commissioned by the Si/Do Election Commission from among judges, educators or persons known for their high academic and ethical standards. 
The Chairperson and the Deputy Chairperson are elected from among the Commissioners and as is its custom, the Judge is elected to be the Chairperson. No Commissioner holds a full-time position. The Gu/Si/Gun Election Commission has the Secretariat and the Election Debate Broadcasting Commission within the organization. 
- Secretariat 
The Gu/Si/Gun Election Commission that manages the National Assembly constituencies has an Executive Bureau, otherwise, an Executive Division within the organization. An Executive Bureau/Executive Division consists of the fourth grade (fifth grade) Director General of Secretariat and two divisions. 
4. Eup/Myeon/Dong Election Commissions
- Composition 
Eup/Myeon/Dong Election Commissions are composed of the Chairperson, the Vice Chairperson and Commissioners. 
Political parties that can constitute a negotiation body in the National Assembly endorse two members among those who reside in the Eup/Myeon/Dong and have the right to vote for members of the National Assembly but who are not members of any political party. The Gu/Si/Gun Election Commission appoints four members among the persons of learning and high moral repute. The Chairperson and the Vice Chairperson are elected from among the Commissioners. No Commissioner holds a full-time position. 
- Executive Organs
The Eup/Myeon/Dong Election Commission elects secretaries and clerks among local government officials to provide administrative support to the Election Commission. In addition, returning officers selected from among public officials or faculties are assigned to constituencies, where they are required to manage administrative duties pertaining to voting. 
Current Commissioners of NEC.
The current members of the NEC are: 
(The Vice Chairperson is the only full-time position within the Commission, who oversees the Commission Secretariat.) 
Duties and Responsibilities.
The National Election Commission manages elections for public office, including elections for President, National Assembly members, local council members and heads of the local government. The Commission also manages entrusted elections for heads of the Agricultural, Fisheries, Livestock and Forestry Cooperatives and for candidates of presidents of National Universities.
The Commission administers the registration, change, performance and dismissal of political parties and supports their activities on the basis of the constitution and the Political Parties Act, provides national subsidies for political parties, oversees the establishment and performance of supporters associations, collects and distributes political funds and monitors how the political funds are spent to guarantee smooth fundraising and transparency according to the Political Funds Act.
- Manage Elections for Public Offices
The Election Commission (EC) manages the presidential election and elections for National Assembly Members, Local Council Members and heads of the local government as prescribed by the ‘Public Official Election Act'. 
Election management includes registering preliminary candidates during a certain time period before the election, making and overseeing an electoral register, registering candidates, managing election campaign as well as voting and counting to finally determine elected candidates. 
-Prevent, Oversee and Control Election Law Violations
The EC strictly oversees and controls activities that do damage to fairness in election as well as takes preventive actions against election law violations to ensure an equal opportunity for political parties and candidates and to hold elections in a fair way while the election processes are complied with. 
- Investigate into the Incomes and Expenses of Election-related Funds
The EC verifies and investigates information on incomes and expenses of election-related funds reported by parties and candidates. In case of any violation such as providing false information, the EC brings a formal charge or requests an investigation against the violations. 
- Manage Entrusted Elections 
The EC manages elections for the head of the Agricultural, Fisheries, Livestock and Forestry Cooperatives and the president of national universities to realize fair elections under the Election Commission Act and other relevant laws and regulations. The process of those entrusted elections is similar in nature to that of the elections for public offices. 
- Manage National Referendums 
The EC conducts and manages referendums based on the constitution to hear public opinions on important policies that affect national security such as foreign policy, national defense, unification and revision of the constitution. 
- Manage Residents’ Referendums 
The EC manages Residents’ Referendums to determine important matters which will be formulated into ordinances of local governments and which also relate to national policies and impose a heavy burden on or affect the public. The process of Residents’ Referendums is similar to that of referendums. 
- Manage Residents’ Recall Votes 
The EC manages Residents’ Recall Votes through which the public decide to remove a head of local government or a local council member from his/her office before his/her office term is terminated in such cases as parliamentary democracy is damaged due to the elected head of local government or local council member violating the law, performing wrongdoings or neglecting his/her duty. 
- Manage Political Party Duties 
The EC administers the registration, change, performance and dismissal of political parties and supports their activities on the basis of the constitution and the Political Parties Act to guarantee freedom of forming a political party and of doing political activities so that the parties will be developed into ‘Policy-oriented’ parties. 
- Manage Affairs in Relation to Political Funds 
The National Election Commission provides national subsidies for political parties, oversees the establishment and performance of supporters associations, collects and distributes political funds and monitors how the political funds are spent to guarantee smooth fundraising and transparency according to the Political Funds Act. 

</doc>
<doc id="31038188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038188" title="Marina All Suites Hotel">
Marina All Suites Hotel

Marina All Suites Hotel is a luxury beach-front boutique hotel in Leblon, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, located at Avenue Delfim Moreira 696. It is described by Frommer's as "the brainchild of a consortium of local architects and decorators who bought, gutted, and redecorated all of the rooms". During the renovation they reduced the number of rooms per floor to three to double the rooms in size. The hotel contains a notable restaurant named "Bar d' Hotel", described as one of the trendiest in the city. The two-bedroom "Suite Diamante" is said to be the favorite room of supermodel Gisele Bündchen when she is in Rio de Janeiro.

</doc>
<doc id="31038193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038193" title="Reidar Kobro">
Reidar Kobro

Reidar Kobro (16 October 1911 – 4 November 2003) was a Norwegian priest.
He was born in Mandal as a son of Reidar Kobro (1878–1966) og Emilie Knudsen (1886–1971). In 1937 he married Berit Mørland, a sister of Arnt J. C. Mørland and daughter of Arnt J. Mørland.
He took his secondary education at Kristiansand Cathedral School, and graduated from there in 1930. He enrolled as a student in the same year and graduated with the cand.theol. degree from the MF Norwegian School of Theology in 1935. He took the practical priest education in 1936 and was hired as an auxiliary priest in Åsnes in the same year. From 1937 he was a secretary at the MF Norwegian School of Theology. During the occupation of Norway by Nazi Germany he fled to Sweden. In 1943 he was hired as a priest for the Norwegian refugees there. He returned to Norway in 1945.
In 1946 he was hired as a secretary in "Oslo småkirkeforening". He was hired in the Norwegian Church Abroad in London in 1949, and doubled as a priest at the Norwegian embassy in London from 1952. He was then a curate in Nøtterøy from 1957 to 1965, vicar in Uranienborg, Oslo from 1965 to 1971 and diocesal dean in Oslo Cathedral from 1971 to 1981. From 1964 to 1968 he chaired the Norwegian Association of Clergy. He chaired the MF Norwegian School of Theology's board from 1968 to 1970, and "Oslo småkirkeforening" from 1972. He died in November 2003 and was buried in Vestre gravlund. The road "Reidar Kobros vei" in Oslo has been named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="31038244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038244" title="Grape reaction product">
Grape reaction product

The grape reaction product (GRP, GRP1 or 2-S-glutathionyl caftaric acid) is a phenolic compound explaining the disappearance of caftaric acid from grape must during processing. It is also found in aged red wines. Its enzymatic production by polyphenol oxidase is important in limiting the browning of musts, especially in white wine production. The product can be recreated in model solutions.
S-Glutathionyl caftaric acid is itself oxidizable. It is not a substrate for grape polyphenol oxidase, but laccase from "Botrytis cinerea" can use it to form GRP2.
Related molecules.
Other related molecules are "trans"-caffeoyltartrate derivatives like GRP o-quinone and 2,5-di-S-glutathionyl cafteoyl tartrate (GRP2) or adducts with anthocyanidins.

</doc>
<doc id="31038246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038246" title="King Krule">
King Krule

Archy Marshall (born 24 August 1994), more commonly known by his stage name King Krule, is an English singer-songwriter and musician. After a hectic and troubled childhood, he began recording music in 2010. He has released several EPs, and his debut full-length album, "6 Feet Beneath the Moon", came out in 2013 to positive reviews. His music is difficult to classify, with elements of various genres like punk jazz, hip hop, darkwave, and trip hop.
Life and career.
Marshall's childhood was divided between his working-class, tolerant mother in East Dulwich and his strict father in Peckham. He claims to have suffered "a lot of weird shit" during this time, and at age 13 he began refusing to go to school. His parents were threatened with prison terms if they could not get him to attend again; he did not until his father dragged him there. He implied in an interview with "The Guardian" that he was diagnosed with at least one mental illness during this time and hated the medical system as a result. He also had insomnia, leading him to stay up late at night listening to The Pixies and The Libertines, which inspired him to create "soundscapes."
Marshall studied at Forest Hill School and then at the Brit School for three years between 2008 and 2011. In July 2011, Archy began playing under a new moniker, King Krule, at a festival in Hyères, France. His stage name is inspired by the film "King Creole" and not King K. Rool, the character from the "Donkey Kong" video game series.
He had released his debut single "Out Getting Ribs" under his Zoo Kid moniker on House Anxiety records in April 2010, recorded and mixed in his bedroom with his friends Francis North and Thelonious McCabe.
On 8 November 2011 he released a self-titled EP as King Krule on True Panther Sounds.
Archy also makes music under the moniker DJ JD Sports and Edgar the Beatmaker, the styles of which are significantly different from King Krule.
On 9 December 2012, the BBC announced that he had been nominated for the Sound of 2013 poll.
King Krule released his debut album "6 Feet Beneath the Moon" on 24 August 2013. More than 50% of all tracks were already released on his precedent EPs. This brought him to prominence especially in the USA with performances on Conan and the Late Show with David Letterman. In October of the same year he embarked on a European tour, which was the last time he has appeared in the UK on tour to date. Following the success of this tour he then moved on to a tour of North America.
His most recent activity in terms of new solo releases to date is a video for "A Lizard State" released on January 8 which gained over 400,000 views on YouTube. After a short break he went on to tour Europe once again, inexplicably missing out on his homeland of the United Kingdom, which was his most recent public performance.
In February 2014, King Krule appeared on the cover of "The Fader" in its 90th issue.
Musical style and influences.
Many reviewers and journalists have noted King Krule's unusual transcendence and appropriation of disparate genres. His music has been described mainly with jazz derivatives such as punk jazz and jazz fusion, but also as darkwave, post-punk, and hip hop. Writers have also noted elements of trip hop, jazz rap, and dub in individual songs of his. Jason Lymangrover of Allmusic states that his songs are mainly in the form of ballads with major seventh chords, but by contrast there is also a "grittiness" to Archy's voice and persona, portraying him as "the type of kid who would be quick to throw a punch without asking questions."
His music has been likened to Morrissey and Edwyn Collins. He is inspired by disparate influences such as Gene Vincent, Fela Kuti and The Penguin Cafe Orchestra.

</doc>
<doc id="31038253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038253" title="Monnett Monex">
Monnett Monex

The Monnett Monex is a single seat, all-aluminium, Volkswagen powered, homebuilt racer.
Design and development.
The Monex shares the same aluminium construction and basic fuselage shape as the Monnett Moni and the later Sonex Aircraft Sonex series of aircraft.

</doc>
<doc id="31038259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038259" title="And All Between">
And All Between

And All Between is a science fiction/fantasy novel by Zilpha Keatley Snyder, the second book in the "Green Sky Trilogy."
The book's title comes from one of the Green-sky chants, containing the phrase ""And all between becomes among, / And they are we and old is young, / And earth is sky, / And all is one.""
Plot summary.
Eight year old "Erdling" Teera runs away from home when the Council decides her pet will have to be killed for food. The Erdlings are in a "time of hunger" due to their increasing numbers. Wandering through the tunnels of Erd, she finds a wider-than-usual opening in the vines that entrap the Erdlings and accidentally tumbles through it, unable to get back inside. She calls out for help and soon is confronted by two strangers, Raamo and Neric. From the green-gold seals they wear, Teera recognizes them as Ol-zhaan. Taking her for a Kindar child who had been abducted by the Pash-shan, they convince her to return to the trees with promises of plentiful food and kind treatment.
Teera is hidden with Raamo's family and plays Spirit-games with his younger sister, Pomma. Raamo's fellow Chosen, D'ol Genaa, discovers Teera. In the confrontation that follows, they learn that Teera is actually a Pash-shan, who are not monsters as the Kindar have been told, but people like themselves. The group returns to the forest floor and Genaa is reunited with her father, Hiro D’anhk, thought to have been killed by evil Pash-shan but actually living among the peaceful Erdlings after being imprisoned there by members of the Geets-kel, a secret society within the Ol-zhaan.
The conspirators' activities have been observed by a member of the Geets-kel, who alerts D’ol Falla, the highest member of the Ol-zhaan. She summons Raamo to a nighttime meeting where they plan to reunite the Kindar and Pash-shan. Equipped with a map drawn by D'ol Falla, Genaa and Neric immediately set out to find a hole containing the secret metal hatch that grants entrance to the Erdling tunnels.
After hearing of Falla's plans, D'ol Regle and his assistants storm into the D'ok household to seize Pomma and Teera. He then calls for a meeting of the Geets-kel to discuss the situation and formulate a plan to stop it. Finally, he retrieves an ancient weapon from D'ol Falla's house and then confronts her with a threat to harm the children if she and Raamo attempt to go forward with their plans.
After walking a long distance, Neric and Genaa eventually reach mining car tracks and finally a dimly-lit cavern with a high ceiling and stalactites. There is a yell, and then dozens of Erdlings appear from behind the rocks, armed with metal tools. They are taken to the center of the Edrling world where they explain themselves and their plans to the Council, and then to the whole population in a large forum with debate by different Erdling factions. It is decided to send the Ol-zhaan back to the surface with Hiro in addition to Teera's parents who will serve as the Erdlings' representatives.
High up in the trees, imprisoned in a secret room within D'ol Regle's quarters, Pomma and Teera pass their time with spirit-games, which they are getting increasingly good at. At one point their minds seem to work together, reminiscent of a long-lost ability called "uniforce." Neric and Genaa return from underground, only to hear that their plans are known to D'ol Regle who barges in and escorts them all to a meeting of the Geets-kel.
Presenting his prisoners to the Geets-kel with the weapon by his side, D'ol Regle argues that the Pash-shan and Kindar can not be reunited, or else their pure society will be destroyed. Not all the Geets-kel are convinced and they ask to hear from D'ol Falla, who says that their society has already been falling apart as evidenced by the loss of the spirit-skills and appearance of illness, which she blames on the separation of Kindar and Erdling. D'ol Falla appeals to Raamo to use his spirit-skills to summon an answer, but as he does Pomma and Teera lift their arms up and the weapon begins to float into the air. All the Ol-zhaan present stand in awe, realizing they are witnessing the long-lost uniforce.

</doc>
<doc id="31038263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038263" title="Ultimate Wheels">
Ultimate Wheels

"Ultimate Wheels" is the fourteenth single by Japanese boy band KAT-TUN. It was released on February 2, 2011 by their record label J-One Records. The singles release is to coincide with the release of a new series of television commercials starring all five members of the group.
Single information.
Fourteenth single release from KAT-TUN including songs "Ultimate Wheels" and "Two." This edition includes a bonus DVD with a music video of the title song and its making-of. Regular Edition (First Press) including songs "Ultimate Wheels," "Make Or Break," "Ultimate Wheels" (karaoke)," and "Make Or Break" (karaoke). Regular Edition including songs "Ultimate Wheels"," "Yoake Made," "Ultimate Wheels" (karaoke)," and "Yoake Made" (karaoke). Features alternate CD cover artwork.
Chart performance.
In its first week of its release, the single topped the Oricon singles chart, reportedly selling 181,494 copies. KAT-TUN gained their fourteenth consecutive number one single on the Oricon Weekly Singles Chart since their debut with all their singles sold more than 200,000 copies and continued to hold the second most consecutive number one singles since debut with fellow Johnny's group, NEWS. 
By the end of the year, Ultimate Wheels was reported by Oricon to sell 210,749 copies and was later certified Platinum by RIAJ denoting over 250,000 shipments.

</doc>
<doc id="31038280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038280" title="Znamensky (rural locality)">
Znamensky (rural locality)

Znamensky (; masculine), Znamenskaya (; feminine), or Znamenskoye (; neuter) is the name of several rural localities in Russia.
Chechen Republic.
As of 2010, one rural locality in the Chechen Republic bears this name:
Kaliningrad Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Kaliningrad Oblast bear this name:
Kemerovo Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Kemerovo Oblast bears this name:
Krasnodar Krai.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Krasnodar Krai bears this name:
Kursk Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Kursk Oblast bear this name:
Lipetsk Oblast.
As of 2010, three rural localities in Lipetsk Oblast bear this name:
Mari El Republic.
As of 2010, one rural locality in the Mari El Republic bears this name:
Republic of Mordovia.
As of 2010, two rural localities in the Republic of Mordovia bear this name:
Moscow Oblast.
As of 2010, three rural localities in Moscow Oblast bear this name:
Nizhny Novgorod Oblast.
As of 2010, three rural localities in Nizhny Novgorod Oblast bear this name:
Novgorod Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Novgorod Oblast bears this name:
Omsk Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Omsk Oblast bears this name:
Oryol Oblast.
As of 2010, seven rural localities in Oryol Oblast bear this name:
Penza Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Penza Oblast bear this name:
Saratov Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Saratov Oblast bears this name:
Sverdlovsk Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Sverdlovsk Oblast bear this name:
Tula Oblast.
As of 2010, four rural localities in Tula Oblast bear this name:
Tver Oblast.
As of 2010, four rural localities in Tver Oblast bear this name:
Vladimir Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Vladimir Oblast bears this name:
Vologda Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Vologda Oblast bears this name:
Yaroslavl Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Yaroslavl Oblast bears this name:

</doc>
<doc id="31038307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038307" title="Guarany Futebol Clube (Camaquã)">
Guarany Futebol Clube (Camaquã)

Guarany Futebol Clube, commonly known as Guarany, is a Brazilian football club based in Camaquã, Rio Grande do Sul state.
History.
The club was founded on February 12, 1946, by former players of Atlético Camaqüense. The club was then named after Guarany of Bagé.
Stadium.
Guarany Futebol Clube play their home games at Estádio Coronel Sílvio Luz. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 3,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31038309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038309" title="Kurt Fabri">
Kurt Fabri

Kurt Ernestovich Fabri (; 1 May 19233 June 1990) was an Austrian-born Soviet biologist and professor at Moscow State University who contributed to the scientific study of animal behavior in the Soviet Union.
Biography.
Born in Vienna, the young Kurt Fabri immigrated with his family to the Soviet Union, where his father, the prominent communist writer and journalist Ernst Fabri was given political asylum amid the political turmoil in their native Austria in 1932.
Kurt Fabri began studying biology at the M. V. Lomonosov Moscow State University in 1940, but was conscripted into the Red Army after Operation Barbarossa and served as an army medic and German language translator in World War II. He returned to his studies in 1946 and graduated from Moscow State University in 1949.
During the 1950s, when much of the work on animal behavior was still regarded as a pseudoscience by the Soviet scientific establishment, itself preoccupied with promoting pseudoscientific theories such as Lysenkoism, Fabri held jobs at a library and a radio station and worked at the V. L. Durov Animal Theater.
Fabri returned to scientific work in 1964 as an animal behavior researcher at the Biophysics Institute at Pushchino-na-Oke and joined the faculty of Moscow State University as lecturer in ethology in 1966. Throughout this time, Fabri corresponded with scientific experts and publications in East Germany, Austria, and the Soviet Union. As an ethologist, Fabri contributed to the popularization of the work of the pioneering ethologists Konrad Lorenz and Nikolaas Tinbergen in the USSR.
Fabri headed a research group of the Academy of Pedagogical Sciences of the USSR in 1966-1971, investigating the psychological aspects of the interaction of pre-school children with animals. He earned his candidate of sciences degree for a dissertation in biology in 1967.
Awarded a doctor of sciences degree in psychology for his seminal 1976 monograph on the foundations of zoopsychology, he was appointed full professor of general psychology of Moscow State University's faculty of psychology in 1983.
The main areas of Fabri's scientific work consisted of investigating the ontogenesis of animal behavior and psychology, psychological development, the psychology of primates, and the ethological and biopsychological prerequisites of anthropogenesis.
Selected publications.
Fabri authored more than two hundred publications during his scientific career.

</doc>
<doc id="31038314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038314" title="Rusinka">
Rusinka

"Rusinka" (, ) is a song performed by Macedonian singer Vlatko Ilievski. The song represented Macedonia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 in Düsseldorf, Germany, but it failed to qualify in the final. For first time it was performed on Skopje Fest 2011, together with nineteen other songs, and won the first place, from both jury and the public votes.
Apart from the Macedonian version of the song, the song was also released in three other languages: English, Russian and Serbo-Croatian. It was later confirmed that Vlatko will sing the song originally in Macedonian. The music video for the song premiered on March 17, 2011. It was directed by Boško Stolić and filmed in HD.
Background.
Production history.
"Rusinka" was composed by Grigor Koprov, Vladimir Dojčinovski - Dojčin, Jovan Jovanov, while the lyrics were written by Marko Marinkovic - Slatkar. The music incorporates modern music style mixed with traditional Russian music. The lyrics are about a Macedonian boy who fells in love with a Russian girl, saying that he doesn't understand a word she is saying, but he would learn everything just for her. The traditional drinks of both countries (Macedonia and Russia) vodka and rakija are mentioned in the text.
Apart from the Macedonian version of the song, the song was also released in three other languages: English ("Russian Girl"), Russian ("Русская девушка") and Serbo-Croatian ("Ruskinja" ("Рускиња")). However, the song will be performed in its original Macedonian version containing one phrase in Russian.
Skopje Fest 2011.
The song for the first time was performed on February 27, 2011 on Skopje Fest 2011 as nineteen out of twenty songs. At the end it came up first as a winner with both 12 points from the public votes and the jury consisted from 10 notable members.
Music video.
The video for the song premiered on March 17, 2011 on the official Eurovision Song Contest website on YouTube, eurovision.tv. The filming of the video lasted 12 hours and it was filmed in one frame without a montage. The video includes a cast of 12 performers featuring the Macedonian fashion model Elena Trajanovska. She is best known as the only Macedonian selected at the casting for new models in the fashion agency "Woman in Milan". The video was filmed in HD by director Boško Stolić. Four alternate videos were filmed, for each version of the song.
At Eurovision Song Contest 2011.
The song was performed in the second semi-final of the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 in Düsseldorf, Germany, but it failed to enter in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="31038334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038334" title="Doug Phillips">
Doug Phillips

Douglas Winston Phillips is a Christian speaker and author. He is the son of Peggy (Blanchard) and U.S. Constitution Party leader Howard Phillips and former president of Vision Forum Ministries. He advocates Biblical patriarchy, creationism, homeschooling, Quiverfull and Family Integrated Church.
Personal life.
Doug and his wife Beall have eight children.
He resigned as president of Vision Forum Ministries on October 30, 2013 upon confession of what he termed an "inappropriate relationship" with a woman. On November 11, 2013, Vision Forum Ministries' Board of Directors discontinued operations in light of the "serious sins" which prompted Doug Phillips' resignation. Vision Forum, Inc., Phillips' for-profit business, was closed after a liquidation sale during the last two months of 2013.
On April 15, 2014, Lourdes Torres-Manteufel filed a lawsuit alleging she had suffered years of sexual abuse at the hands of Doug Phillips.
Books.
He has written and edited several books, including:
Films.
Doug Phillips is a leader in the Independent Christian Film movement and is the founder of the San Antonio Independent Christian Film Festival. He produced a documentary "The League of Grateful Sons" in 2004 honoring the soldiers who fought in the Battle of Iwo Jima. In 2009 Phillips led a team of scientists to the Galápagos Islands for the 200th anniversary of Charles Darwin's life and produced a documentary "The Mysterious Islands".

</doc>
<doc id="31038341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038341" title="Until the Celebration">
Until the Celebration

Until the Celebration is a fantasy novel by Zilpha Keatley Snyder, the third book in the "Green Sky Trilogy."
Plot summary.
Now that the "Geets-kel" have decided to reveal their secrets and integrate "Erdlings" with "Kindar," there is much concern over how to do it properly. A lifetime of beliefs will not be converted easily and there are numerous logistical issues to consider. The Ol-zhaan have different concerns, such as why they had been left out of the secrets and how their lofty place in society will be diminished. Some think it would be best to exile themselves into an uninhabited tree as D'ol Regle has done, while others are eager to help with D'ol Falla's agenda.
Food starts being delivered to the Erdlings and their leaders begin talks of how to integrate with the Kindar. The initial plan is to not release Erdlings into the open air immediately, but they soon catch word of the way out and start building crude dwellings on the forest floor. The two societies begin to integrate with some difficulty. An Erdling group lead by Axon Befal has sworn vengeance against the Geets-kel for imprisoning the Erdlings and attacks an Ol-zhaan, violence unheard of in Kindar society.
More bad news follows. D'ol Falla finds that the "tool-of-violence" is missing from its hiding place and Axon Befal sends a message that he has kidnapped Pomma and Teera and will kill them unless Orbora is turned over to his control. Then, just as a Council meeting is getting underway, in walks a servant in the Vine Palace with the weapon. She tells how she was instructed by D'ol Regle to steal the tool-of-violence, but then became disenchanted with him when she thought he had kidnapped the children. The Council decides the weapon must be destroyed as soon as possible by taking it down to the Erdling cavern and dropping it into the Bottomless Lake.
Raamo leads the procession, carrying the tool-of-violence inside a metal urn. The urn is placed before an opening in the barrier around the Bottomless Lake, but all are afraid to touch the evil object. Raamo eventually steps forward and carries it to the edge of a precipice. He tries to drop the urn, but its power prevents him from doing so and he tumbles into the lake with it. After the initial shock has worn off, a young man lets out a cry and throws a weapon into the lake. He reveals that he was recruited by Axon Befal to kill Raamo, but was not able to do so when he saw the goodness in him. He reports that Befal does not have possession of the children or any more followers and that his message was simply a bluff.
A celebration had been planned for the one year anniversary of the Rejoyning, but with Pomma and Teera still missing there doesn't seem to be anything to celebrate about. D'ol Falla is asked to speak, but is nearly lost for words. The first thing that comes to her mind is that the Kindar should celebrate indeed, for they have managed to free the Erdlings and largely come together as a united society. Suddenly, a figure glides down from above, bringing news that the children have been found. To the great relief of the crowd, they appear shortly thereafter.
As Hiro gives one last speech to the people of Orbora, D'ol Falla finds the back room where the children are playing. Off to the side, two little boys raise their arms up as a marble urn lifts off the shelf and floats gently to the floor. Teera smiles at D'ol Falla, telling her they've been teaching the other children their "game."

</doc>
<doc id="31038345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038345" title="Valvin Roane">
Valvin Roane

Valvin "V" Roane birth name given as Valvin Roane II, was born May 28, in Paulsboro, New Jersey is an American R&B/Soul singer and Songwriter who has set a solid foundation in the music industry. Valvin "V" Roane has worked on projects with a host of renowned artists and producers in the music industry, including Anthony Hamilton, Jill Scott, Justin Timberlake, Musiq Soulchild and Will Smithto name a few. His talents in singing, songwriting and producing has been compared to such talents as Stevie Wonder, Donnie Hathaway and Marvin Gaye. His performances around the world with Dj Jazzy Jeff and as a background vocalist for Jill Scott (on her "Buzz Tour", "Big Beautiful Tour","The Real Thing Tour"and "The Light of The Sun Tour" has received rousing ovations from audiences around the globe. Known in many underground circles as thee pioneer of the philly "neo-soul" movement, V. Roane had many mind blowing records buzzing around the music industry for years before his 1st official debut album, "The Revelation is Now Televised" was released under BBE records in 2006, and features a spoken word piece from R&B/soul singer Jill Scott, "Born Again". V aka V. Roane has continued to release great music which can be found on iTunes, amazon and many more online digital music distributors.
Discography.
"T.R.I.N.T.:The EP (2005)
"The Revelation is Now Televised" (2006)
"It Is Finished: The Paradox Vol 1" (2009)
"V Formation" (2012)
"Vibration 528 EP" (2014)

</doc>
<doc id="31038347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038347" title="Znamensky District">
Znamensky District

Znamensky District may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31038349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038349" title="Endre">
Endre

Endre is a Hungarian masculine given name. It is a Hungarian form of "Andrew" and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31038379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038379" title="Helmet of Iron Gates">
Helmet of Iron Gates

The Helmet of Iron Gates () is a Geto-Dacian silver helmet dating from the 4th century BC, housed in the Detroit Institute of Arts, USA.
It probably comes from Iron Gates area, in the Mehedinţi County, Romania. Formerly it was in the collection of Franz Tau, Vienna.
The helmet is similar to the Helmet of Coţofeneşti and other three Getian gold or silver helmets discovered so far.

</doc>
<doc id="31038386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038386" title="Masks (1987 film)">
Masks (1987 film)

Masks () is a 1987 French comedy film directed by Claude Chabrol. It was entered into the 37th Berlin International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="31038410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038410" title="Units of measurement in France before the French Revolution">
Units of measurement in France before the French Revolution

Before the Revolution French units of measurement were based on the Carolingian system, introduced by the first Holy Roman Emperor Charlemagne which in turn were based on ancient Roman measures. Charlemagne brought a consistent system of measures across the entire empire. However, after his death the empire fragmented and many rulers introduced their own variants of the units of measure.
Some of Charlemagne’s units of measure, such as the pied du roi (the king’s foot) remained virtually unchanged for about a thousand years, while others, such as the "aune" (ell - used to measure cloth) and the "livre" (pound) varied dramatically from locality to locality. By the time of the revolution, the number of units of measure had grown to the extent that it was almost impossible to keep track of them.
History.
Although the pre-revolutionary era (before 1795) when France used a system of measures that had many of the characteristics of the modern Imperial System of units, there was no unified system of measurement in France. Whereas in England the Magna Carta decreed that "there shall be one unit of measure throughout the realm", Charlemagne and successive kings had tried but failed to impose a unified system of measurement in France.
The names and relationships of many units of measure were adopted from Roman units of measure and many more were added – it has been estimated that there were seven or eight hundred different names for the various units of measure. Moreover the quantity associated with each unit of measure differed from town to town and even from trade to trade to the extent that the "lieue" (league) could vary from 3.268 km in Beauce to 5.849 km in Provence. It has been estimated that on the eve of the Revolution a quarter of a million different units of measure were in use in France. Although certain standards, such as the "pied du roi" (the King's foot) had a degree of pre-eminence and were used by "savants", many traders chose to use their own measuring devices giving scope for fraud and hindering commerce and industry.
As an example, the weights and measures used at Pernes-les-Fontaines in south eastern France differ from those catalogued later in this article as having been used in Paris. In many cases the names are different, while the "livre" is shown as being 403 g, as opposed to 489 g - the value of the "livre du roi".
Tables of units of measure.
These definitions use the Paris definitions for the "coutume" of Paris, and definitions for other Ancien régime civil jurisdictions varied, at times quite significantly.
Length.
The mediaeval royal units of length were based on the "toise" and in particular the "toise de l'Écritoire", the distance between the fingertips of the outstretched arms of a man which was introduced in 790 AD by Charlemagne. The "toise" has 6 "pied" (feet) each of 326.6 mm (12.86 in). In 1668 the reference standard was found to have been deformed and it was replaced by the "toise du Châtelet" which, to accommodate the deformation of the earlier standard, was 11 mm (0.55%) shorter. In 1747 this "toise" was replaced by a new "toise" of near-identical length - the "Toise du Pérou", custody of which was given to "l'Académie des Sciences au Louvre".
Although the "pouce" (inch), "pied" (foot) and "toise" (fathom) were fairly consistent throughout most of pre-revolutionary France, some areas had local variants of the "toise". Other units of measure such as the "aune" (ell), the "perche" (perch/rood), the "arpent" and the "lieue" (league) had a number of variations, particularly the "aune" (which was used to measure cloth
The "loi du 19 frimaire an VIII" (Law of 10 December 1799) states that one decimal metre is exactly 443.296 French lines, or "3 pieds 11.296 lignes de la "Toise du Pérou"". Thus the French royal foot is exactly 9000/27706 metres ( about 0.3248 m).
In Quebec, the surveys in French units were converted using the relationship 1 "pied" (of the French variety, the same word being used for English feet as well) = 12.789 English inches. This makes the Quebec "pied" very slightly smaller (about 4 parts in one million) than the "pied" used in France.
Mass.
According to the law of 19 Frimaire An VIII (December 10, 1799),
Traditionally, the French pound ("livre") was defined as the mass of exactly of a French cubic foot of water. When the kilogramme was defined, knowledge that a "pied du roi cube" filled with water masses exactly 70 French pounds was apparently lost. According to the traditional (cubic foot) definition, one "livre" would have been about 489.675 grammes. According to the kilogramme definition, one "livre" was about 489.506 grammes. The difference is about 0.035%. However, a small difference in salinity (i.e. the difference between distilled water and very good quality drinking water) is enough to explain this difference.
The units in the following table are (except for the talent) calculated based on the kilogramme definition of the "livre".

</doc>
<doc id="31038416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038416" title="Dunluce, County Antrim">
Dunluce, County Antrim

Dunluce is a civil parish in County Antrim, Northern Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="31038420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038420" title="Garai (Basque surname)">
Garai (Basque surname)

Garay or in Euskera Garai, is a Basque surname that appeared in Sopuerta (Vizcaya), that means "peak" or "height".
Famous holders of this surname are:

</doc>
<doc id="31038444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038444" title="George A. Wyman">
George A. Wyman

George Adams Wyman (July 3, 1877 – November 15, 1959) was the first person to make a transcontinental crossing of the United States by motor vehicle. In 1903, Wyman rode his 1902 California Motorcycle Company motor bicycle from San Francisco to New York City in 51 days, finishing 20 days before Dr. Horatio Nelson Jackson, the first person to cross the continent by automobile.
Early years.
Wyman was born on July 3, 1877, in Oakland, California. As a teen, he became interested in bicycle racing, which reached its zenith during the 1890s. He became a leading bicycle racer and, at the turn of the century, moved to Australia to pursue his racing career. Following Australians Arthur Richardson, Alex White, and Donald Mackay, Wyman became the first American to circumnavigate the continent of Australia on a bicycle. In 1902, he returned to California as a top-ranked cyclist, and raced for various Bay Area bicycling clubs. It was during this time that he also began to ride motorized bicycles.
In the summer of 1902, perhaps inspired by the epic 1884 bicycle expedition of Thomas Stevens, Wyman became the first person to cross the Sierra Nevada aboard a motor vehicle, riding his 1.5-hp California motorbike from San Francisco to Reno, Nevada, to compete in a club bicycle race at the Reno Fairgrounds. During the trip, Wyman conceived the idea of riding a motorbike across the United States.
Transcontinental crossing.
Wyman used his 1902 California machine for his crossing of the United States. The California had a , four-stroke engine attached to an ordinary diamond-frame bicycle. Wyman's machine was equipped with 28 x 1.5 in. tires, wooden rims, a leading-link front suspension fork, a Garford spring saddle, a Duck Brake Company front roller brake, and a 1902-patent Atherton rear coaster brake. A leather belt-drive with a spring-loaded idler pulley directly connected the engine output shaft to the rear wheel. Using a standard steel bicycle frame, the California weighed approximately without rider, and was capable of approximately using the 30-octane gasoline of the day, with a range of . Throttle control was not yet perfected, and engine revolutions were mainly controlled by means of a spark timing mechanism. The wick-type carburetor was crude, consisting of a metal box with internal baffles stuffed with cotton batting. With no float chamber, the rider had to open the gasoline tap periodically to admit fuel into the carburetor.
For such a long trip, Wyman carried a remarkably small amount of gear. A set of warm clothing, money, water bottle, cans for spare oil and gasoline, a Kodak Vest Pocket camera, a cyclometer, various bicycle tools and spare parts, and a long-barreled .38 Smith & Wesson revolver constituted his total luggage.
Wyman departed from Lotta's Fountain at the corner of Market and Kearny streets in San Francisco at 2:30 P.M on May 16, 1903. He had previously agreed to keep a diary of his journey for later publication in "The Motorcycle" magazine, a periodical of the time. The first part of his trip took him across the Sierra Nevada, through the Nevada desert into Wyoming, then on through Nebraska to Illinois.
As the dirt trails and wagon tracks of the day were often impassible, Wyman rode the railroad tracks for over half of his journey. During the first part of his trip, he frequently slept in railroad company housing or at rooming houses located in division settlements (small municipalities founded by the railroad). His motorbike suffered several breakdowns along the way, requiring him to make improvised repairs until he could get to a larger town to obtain new parts. As he neared Aurora, Illinois, his engine's crankshaft snapped, and after pedaling his way to Chicago, Wyman was forced to wait there five days for a new crank to arrive by railway express.
After leaving Illinois, Wyman traversed the states of Indiana, Ohio, and Pennsylvania before entering New York state. Outside of Albany his engine lost all power, and he was required to pedal his heavy motorbike the remaining to New York City using a cycle path reserved for licensed cyclists.
On July 6, 1903, Wyman arrived in New York City, completing his transcontinental crossing and becoming the first person to cross the North American continent aboard a motor vehicle. His journey took a total of 51 days to cover some . Afterwards, Wyman's motorbike was placed on display at the New York Motorcycle Club while Wyman recovered from his grueling journey. While in New York, Wyman was present for the inauguration of the very first nationwide motorcycle organization, the Federation of American Motorcyclists (FAM) at the Kings County Wheelmens' Club in Brooklyn; it was reported at the time that his hands were still in bandages from the trip. Wyman later returned to San Francisco by train. His California motorbike was put on display in San Francisco at Golden Gate Park for a special exhibition commemorating the trip.
Later life.
Following his successful crossing of the United States, Wyman settled in San Francisco. He endorsed the Duck Roller Brake in promotional advertisements and worked as a chauffeur before becoming an automobile mechanic. He eventually married and had two sons. Wyman later moved to Eureka, California, continuing to work as an auto mechanic. He died November 15, 1959, at age 82 in San Joaquin County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="31038445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038445" title="Jiaozhou (disambiguation)">
Jiaozhou (disambiguation)

Jiaozhou may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31038447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038447" title="Altineu Pires">
Altineu Pires

Altineu Miguens Pires was a teacher of navigation. He wrote many books on the art of sailing and also assisted the Navy of Brazil in preparing various charts, among them Lake Paranoá. He was commander of the Oceanographic Ship "Alvaro Alberto," which at the time had just been incorporated into the Navy of Brazil. This ship served in Antarctica, under his able command.

</doc>
<doc id="31038450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038450" title="Morten Værnes">
Morten Værnes

Morten Værnes (born December 6, 1981) is a Norwegian ice sledge hockey player and Paralympian. 
As a member of the Norwegian ice sledge hockey team he has one bronze (2010), and one silver (2006) from the Paralympic Games.

</doc>
<doc id="31038452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038452" title="Daniel Iffla">
Daniel Iffla

Daniel Iffla known as "Osiris" (1825 in Bordeaux, France - 1907 in Paris) was a financier and philanthropist.
Career.
Born into a Jewish family of Moroccan origin, he made his fortune in Paris in the bank of Jules Mires and Moses Polydore Millaud. It invested in the Spanish railways, which earned him the citation of the Order of Isabella. 
He devoted himself to philanthropy after the death of his wife Leonie Carlier, a year after she gave birth to two children. 
His obsession with philanthropy emerged from the Jewish tradition of the tzedakah (charity), republican values and the irrepressible desire to spread his wealth. He built a statue in honor of Joan of Arc in Nancy, and an impressive collection of Napoleonic relics, bequeathed to the Pasteur Institute.
Disapproving of the conduct of his nieces, one of which was the mistress of Claude Debussy, he bequeathed his fortune to the Pasteur Institute (which used it in part to the creation of Radium Institute) as well as assorted other charitable institutions. 
Iffla built several synagogues in Paris, including the Buffault Synagogue at Arcachon one in Tours and also the Vincennes Synagogue as well as synagogues in Tunis and Lausanne. In the latter city, he also constructed a statue of William Tell (in gratitude to the Swiss for their reception given of the army of Bourbaki in 1871). 
His grave in Paris is white marble surmounted by a large bronze reproduction of Moses by Michelangelo built in Saint Peter in Chains.

</doc>
<doc id="31038469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038469" title="Garai (Hungarian surname)">
Garai (Hungarian surname)

Garai (sometimes spelled Garay) is a Hungarian surname.
Notable holders of this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31038485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038485" title="Grigory">
Grigory

Grigory or Grigori is a Russian masculine given name 
It may refer to watcher angel or more specifically to Grigori the Watcher angel.
Grigory/Grigori may also refer to:
Grigori.
Grigori is a masculine given name, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31038507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038507" title="Continuous assessment">
Continuous assessment

Continuous Assessment is the educational policy in which students are examined continuously over most of the duration of their education, the results of which are taken into account after leaving school. It is often proposed or used as an alternative to a final examination system.
Types.
There are several types of continuous assessment including daily class 
work, course related projects and papers, and practical 
work.
Continuous Assessment is the educational policy in which students are examined continuously over most of the duration of their education, the results of which are taken into account after leaving school. It is often proposed or used as an alternative to a final examination system.
Continuous assessment is used for the calculate the marks is every type of work in College as for the test marks, home work, term paper marks in this term the calculate the every marks and the final fine the total is beast of two that is the Continuous assessment. The Continuous assessment is used to mainly calculate the TGPA and the CGP. Continuous Assessment is assessments (evaluations) that take place over a period of time. In other words you will be assessed right through your learning process and not only after the learning process. By doing continuous assessment you can track the improvement (if any) of the learner, you will be able to give more support and guidance, and the learner will have more opportunities to improve.
Advantage.
Continuous assessment can provide early indicators of the likely performance of students, something that can be of great help to the students themselves - as for they have some mistake in your Marks then you would be transfer the marks. And the other hand its use to both students and the faculty. It can also provide to the exactly what has been learned by a particular stage of the course.
Advantages & disadvantages of formative assessment.
Formative assessment covers the range of informal diagnostic tests a teacher can use to assist the process of learning by his students. Prescriptive but ungraded feedback enables students to reflect on what they are learning and why. The goal is to improve performance and achieve successful outcomes. Robert Stake, Director of the Center for Instructional Research and Curriculum Evaluation, likens formative assessment to a cook tasting a soup before serving it to a guest. But despite its advantages, formative assessment can be time-consuming, and incentives in the school system tend to favor more objective assessments.
1. Continuous Improvement
o One great advantage of formative assessment for learning is that it is ongoing. This allows for incremental feedback to identify problems at their earliest stages. For example, a student can correct conceptual errors before undertaking work on a term paper. As that student works on the term paper, input from the teacher can inform, guide and validate each step of the writing process.
Honesty
o Cheating and plagiarism remain significant problems in academic settings. A study on academic dishonesty published in the Electronic Journal of Sociology in 2003 found that 83 percent of the students surveyed admitted to cheating more than once. Compared to graded summative assessments like final exams, ungraded formative assessments reduce the temptation to cheat. This allows students to focus on learning instead of grades.
Labor Intensive
o Although offering many benefits, effective formative assessment can be difficult to achieve at scale. It may be logistically impossible to provide detailed descriptive feedback for each student in a large class. Even with a smaller number of students to deal with, formative assessment is time-consuming as it requires significant, ongoing dedication and effort from the teacher to sustain. This is especially true when combined with the summative assessments teachers are required to complete.
Accountability
o The layered accountability chain in education—student to teacher, teacher to school, school to district, etc. -- creates systemic pressure for student performance to be objectively and comparatively measurable at each level. Formative assessment, by definition, doesn't easily provide that kind of accountability. This explains why, although the advantages of formative assessment have been repeatedly articulated since the distinction between it and summative assessment was first made in 1967, empirical studies continue to show that very few teachers consistently make use of it in actual practice.

</doc>
<doc id="31038530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038530" title="Clube Esportivo Aimoré">
Clube Esportivo Aimoré

Clube Esportivo Aimoré, commonly known as Aimoré, is a Brazilian football club based in São Leopoldo, Rio Grande do Sul state.
History.
The club was founded on March 26, 1936. Aimoré closed its football department in 1996, reopening it ten years later, in 2006. They won the Campeonato Gaúcho Third Level in 2012.
Stadium.
Clube Esportivo Aimoré play their home games at Estádio João Corrêa da Silveira, nicknamed "Estádio Cristo Rei". The stadium has a maximum capacity of 12,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31038535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038535" title="Chapel-en-le-Frith High School">
Chapel-en-le-Frith High School

Chapel-en-le-Frith High School is a mixed gender comprehensive school in Chapel-en-le-Frith in the county of Derbyshire, England. It serves pupils aged 11 to 16 from the town, from nearby Whaley Bridge, and the surrounding towns and villages.
The school has described itself as a specialist mathematics, science and technology college. The school has achieved National Healthy Schools status, the Sportsmark, Artsmark, Inclusion Quality Mark and the International Schools, Eco-Schools and Investors in People awards.
The building is owned and maintained by Initial Facilities Management, whose Eden Foodservice provide the catering.
History.
The school was established in 1952 as Long Lane Comprehensive. It has since been renamed Chapel-en-le-Frith County Secondary School, and finally Chapel-en-le-Frith High School. In 2005 the school relocated to the other side of Long Lane, and the former site was redeveloped as the school's sports fields. The school is housed in a specially built one-piece building. 
There have only been four headteachers to date, Stuart Ash having left at the end of the 2010/11 academic year to be replaced by Simon Grieves.
Admissions.
Admission is open to all students aged 11–16 residing in the catchment area. the number of pupils on roll is 910.
Academic performance.
In 2013, 69% of the school's students achieved at least five A*–C GCSE results including maths and English. This was significantly above the averages nationally and for the Derbyshire Local Education Authority, 60% and 59.1% respectively. It does not have a sixth form, although it does have an adult education programme.
Daily life.
Uniform.
The school uniform is a white polo shirt with the school emblem on the chest (striving for excellence), a red stripe on the collar and sleeves; a black sweatshirt with the school emblem, and black trousers. It used to be a classic shirt-and-tie uniform, but changed when the school moved into the new building.
Houses.
The four school houses (Bowden, Combs, Kinder and Hollins) are named after local hills in the area.
Special needs department.
The department has a selection of specially trained staff who work full-time on the department undertaking special lessons with those pupils who have been deemed to need support.
STEM day.
Every year, the school holds an event called the STEM (Science, TEchnology and Maths) day where there are different displays and events relating to science. Some popular activities are building paper rockets and cooking.

</doc>
<doc id="31038540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038540" title="Richard M. Scammon">
Richard M. Scammon

Richard M. Scammon (Minnesota, 1915–2001) was an American author, political scientist and elections scholar. He served as Director of the U.S. Bureau of the Census from 1961 to 1965. Afterwards, he worked for decades directing election analysis for NBC News.
Scammon was born in Minnesota, and earned a bachelor's degree in political science from the University of Minnesota in 1935. He later earned a master's degree from the University of Michigan, also in political science.
Scammon enlisted in the Army during World War II, attaining the rank of captain. He served in occupied Germany after the war, rising to head the military government's office of elections and political parties. After his discharge, he served as chief of the research division in Western Europe for the U.S. Department of State from 1948 to 1955.
After leaving government service, Scammon founded the Elections Research Center in 1955. Its enduring contribution was the long-running series of volumes, "America Votes", which for the first time provided standard and reliable statistics for the results of major elections in all 50 states. (The biennial compilations, published by Congressional Quarterly's imprint, CQ Books, were later co-produced with Scammon associate Alice McGillivray. After Scammon closed the Center in 1995, Rhodes Cook has continued to oversee production of "America Votes." Scammon also served as a consultant to NBC News in the 1960 general election, working with the RCA computers and methods to call state-by-state totals for the Presidential race. He was briefly introduced to the audience on the air on election night.
In 1961, President John F. Kennedy appointed Scammon as Census Director, which he continued until 1965, during the administration of Lyndon B. Johnson. According to the Washington Post, while serving as Director of the Census, Scammon was "a personal adviser to Presidents Kennedy and Johnson on public opinion and political trends."
Returning to his voting research, Scammon was hired by NBC News to direct its extensive election-night coverage in November 1968. He continued his work as a consultant for NBC until 1988.
As an author, Scammon's most famous work was "The Real Majority: An Extraordinary Examination of the American Electorate" (1970), co-authored with Ben J. Wattenberg. The New York Times described it as "arguing that, for the Democratic Party to survive, it needed to look beyond the economic issues that dominated the American electoral scene in the first half of the 20th century, toward social issues that deeply disturbed voters in middle America." In Scammon's words, the typical voter was "unyoung, unpoor and unblack." His blunt phrasing "shocked many Democrats, but resonated true with others."
In some ways, "The Real Majority" served as an answer to Kevin Phillips's 1969 volume, "The Emerging Republican Majority". And it presaged a shift away from the politics of the New Deal, and towards a more ideological politics, especially at the presidential level, that largely benefited Republicans in 1972, 1980, 1984 and 1988.
Scammon was married to Mary Allen Scammon and lived in Chevy Chase, Maryland for five decades. He died of Alzheimer's disease at a rest home in Gaithersburg.

</doc>
<doc id="31038559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038559" title="Altamira Gathering">
Altamira Gathering

The Altamira Gathering was a five day media conference organized by the Kayapo people in an effort to raise awareness of the ecological and political atrocities committed by the Brazilian government.
Between February 19 and 24 in 1989 over 600 Amazonian Indians gathered at the port city of Altamira at the banks of the Xingu river. The protest was organized by the Coordination of the Indigenous Organizations of the Brazilian Amazon.
The Altamira Gathering was the first large gathering of all groups that were threatened by the creation of the Belo Monte Dam. Over 500 Kayapo and 100 members of 40 other indigenous nations who the Kayapo invited to join them rallied to voice their views on the dams and the destruction of the forest. Five days of meetings, speeches, press conferences, and ritual performances by the Kayapo were executed without a major hitch.
Much of the credit for the event belongs to the Ecumenical Center for Documentation and Information (CEDI). The event required handling many logistical tasks that led to the success of the meeting; this included the transportation, lodging, and feeding of hundreds of indigenous people while constructing a large encampment with traditional Kayapo shelters outside the town.
After being picked up by the international media circuit the Pope sent a telegram and the rock star Sting flew in to give a press conference in support of the Altamira Gathering. The event was successful due to the large international support raised by the media. Within two weeks the World Bank announced that would not confer the loan earmarked for the dam. The Brazilian National Congress also announced plans to conduct a formal investigation into the entire plan.

</doc>
<doc id="31038594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038594" title="Recognised Independent Centre">
Recognised Independent Centre

A Recognised Independent Centre (RIC) of Oxford University is a status awarded to acknowledge a special relationship with a small number of institutes and centres which are involved in teaching and research in their specialised areas in Oxford.
RICs are educational charities based in the Oxford area which, while not part of the University, are recognised for their contribution to University research and teaching in contemporary and historical areas of interest. The formal designation was created in 2006. Five institutions have so far been awarded RIC status. 
While the RICs remain independent financially and in governance they make a significant contribution to the University in research, tuition, and publishing. The University has established a Joint Coordinating Committee for Recognised Independent Centres, which links the University and RICs. The University Council and relevant Faculties nominate members to sit on the governing bodies of the RICs. 
A student at an RIC is not automatically a member of the University but can apply to use its facilities, and of course its libraries and manuscript collections. In practice the majority of students attached to RICs will also be registered as students of Oxford University, and be members of Colleges. Some academics hold joint appointments made between University Faculties and RICs.
As well as participating in University-wide research and teaching, the RICs interact with each other. Shaunaka Rishi Das, the founder of the Oxford Centre for Hindu Studies, was mentored in establishing his centre by Professor David Patterson, the founder of the Oxford Centre for Hebrew and Jewish Studies.
Whatever its specialist interest, each RIC helps to link distinct communities and cultures with scholars, the government, and the media in a fast-paced critical dialogue.

</doc>
<doc id="31038599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038599" title="National Investment Bank">
National Investment Bank

National Investment Bank Ghana Limited, commonly referred to as National Investment Bank, normally abbreviated to NIB, is a parastatal private bank in Ghana. It is one of the commercial banks licenced by the Bank of Ghana, the national banking regulator.
Overview.
NIB is a medium-sized financial services provider in Ghana. , the total valuation of the bank's assets was approximately US$468.5 million (GHS:878.9 million), with shareholders' equity of approximately US$47 million (GHS:88.1 million).
History.
The bank was established by the Government of Ghana in 1963, as a national development bank. Later, the bank was granted a commercial banking license by the Bank of Ghana, the national banking regulator.
Ownership.
The shares of stock of the National Investment Bank are 100% owned by the Government of Ghana.
Branch network.
, the bank maintains a network of interlinked branches at the following locations:
Governance.
The Acting Chairperson of the thirteen-member (13) Board of Directors is Elizabeth Solomon. The Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the bank is P.A. Kuranchie.

</doc>
<doc id="31038619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038619" title="Copacabana Hotel Residência">
Copacabana Hotel Residência

Copacabana Hotel Residência is a hotel in Copacabana, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, located at Rua Barata Ribeiro 222. It contains apartments which have self-service facilities, 120 suites in total.
Reception.
The hotel is usually sought by guests who are looking for larger rooms. Lonely Planet says "the recently renovated apartments all have tile (fake wood) floors, with a kitchen, a lounge room and a bedroom in back. The rooms are spacious enough, however the cheap furnishings don't add to the allure."

</doc>
<doc id="31038625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038625" title="Green Sky Trilogy">
Green Sky Trilogy

The Green Sky Trilogy is a series of fantasy novels by Zilpha Keatley Snyder, originally published between 1975 and 1978 by Atheneum. The books feature illustrations by Alton Raible.
The story takes place on an alien world called "Green-sky" (although the trilogy as a whole is referred to as the "Green Sky Trilogy").
The 1984 game "Below the Root" is a continuation of the trilogy’s plot. Unusual for a video game, its story is written by the author and is considered canon.
The World of Green-sky.
The planet "Green-sky" contains "Orbora," a city built in giant trees and inhabited by humanoids known as the "Kindar." They have built their homes among the branches, and can harvest food from vines and orchards found on the trees. The Kindar walk between trees where the branches overlap or connect using vines woven together like ladders. Low gravity also allows Kindar to fall great distances without being hurt and hang-glide through the air using their "shuba," a silk cape-like garment that attaches at hands and feet.
The Kindar are forbidden from walking on or even looking at the forest floor, and are terrified of doing so from stories of the "Pash-shan," monsters trapped beneath a web of vines at ground level. Young children who have fallen from the trees before learning to use a shuba have supposedly been captured by the Pash-shan, never to be seen again. In truth, the Pash-shan are the descendants of imprisoned Kindar who refer to themselves as "Erdlings."
The Kindar live in a utopian society, free of violence and virtually devoid of negative emotions such as anger or unhappiness. Even a frown shown in public is seen as a breach in decorum. Their lives are highly ritualized, filled with chants and songs that they derive pleasure from, helping to moderate their emotions. They are led politically and spiritually by an elite group known as the "Ol-zhaan" who live in a private temple and are mostly seen leading rituals or in procession throughout Green-sky. The Ol-zhaan decide each Kindar's occupation when they reach the age of 13, including two "Chosen" who will join their ranks.
Kindar children possess psychic powers known as "spirit-force," although their abilities tend to fade between the ages of 5 and 10. Generally the Ol-zhaan are the only ones capable of using spirit-force into adulthood, and a young Kindar showing promising ability may become Chosen. The spirit-powers include:

</doc>
<doc id="31038630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038630" title="Lucian Mureșan">
Lucian Mureșan

Lucian Mureșan (born on 23 May 1931) is the first and current Major Archbishop of the Greek Catholic Archdiocese of Făgăraș and Alba Iulia and a cardinal of the Catholic Church. As Major Archbishop of Făgăraș and Alba Iulia (resident in Blaj), he is the head of the Romanian Church United with Rome, Greek-Catholic.
Lucian Mureșan was born in the village of Firiza (now the Ferneziu district of Baia Mare), Romania, the tenth of Peter and Maria Mureșan's twelve children. He attended primary school in Firiza and secondary school in Baia Mare. For a long time, he was forced to put on hold his call to becoming a Catholic priest, because the Romanian Church United with Rome had been outlawed in 1948.
Pope Benedict XVI created him a Cardinal-Priest of "Sant'Atanasio" in a consistory on 18 February 2012. As he was already older than 80 at the time of his creation, he has no right to vote in a papal conclave.

</doc>
<doc id="31038659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038659" title="Windberg (Freital)">
Windberg (Freital)

The Windberg (353 m above NN) is a hill in the borough of Freital near Dresden in the German federal state of Saxony. It is the town's "Hausberg" or local mountain.
Geomorphology and natural features.
The Windberg has a striking silhouette, visible from afar. Its narrow northwestern slope opens out into a long, broad and thickly wooded plateau. The hill has been designated as a nature reserve and protected area since 1967 due to its near-natural woodland and rich flora and fauna. Its tectonic cleft cavern, known as the "Windbergspalte", is the deepest cave in Saxony with a depth of .

</doc>
<doc id="31038671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038671" title="Esporte Clube Avenida">
Esporte Clube Avenida

Esporte Clube Avenida, commonly known as Avenida, is a Brazilian football club based in Santa Cruz do Sul, Rio Grande do Sul state.
History.
The club was founded on January 6, 1944. Avenida merged with Santa Cruz-RS in the 1960s to form Associação Santa Cruz do Futebol, but the merged failed, and both clubs continued being separate teams. Between 1990 and 1997, the club's football department was closed. They competed in the Campeonato Gaúcho in 2000 and in 2001. Avenida won the Campeonato Gaúcho Second Level in 2011.
Stadium.
Esporte Clube Avenida play their home games at Estádio dos Eucaliptos. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 3,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31038678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038678" title="Docherty (surname)">
Docherty (surname)

Docherty is a Scottish/Irish surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31038680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038680" title="Shayne Hollis">
Shayne Hollis

Shayne Hollis (born April 2, 1989 ) is a Bermudian international footballer, who currently plays The Knight in the Island Soccer League.
Career.
Hollis began his studies in September 2008 on the University of Cape Breton and played in the 2010 season for the Bermuda Hogges in the USL Premier Development League, before returned in August 2010 for his studies to Cape Breton. 2010 and 2011 played during the vacation with Island Soccer League club Knights. In the vacation of 2012 played for Bermudian Premier Division club Somerset Trojans. On 08. Dezember 2012 was selected for the MLS Combine Draft. He was than on 9 January 2013 selected for the USL pro-combine, but he was not pulled by any club. He played after his resign for Island Soccer League club Knights.
International.
Hollis won only an solo cap for the Bermuda national football team, but he is part of the local Hamilton Parish team.

</doc>
<doc id="31038701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038701" title="Aluvihare Rock Temple">
Aluvihare Rock Temple

The Aluvihare Rock Temple is a sacred Buddhist temple located in Aluvihare, Sri Lanka.
Origin.
The Aluvihare Rock Temple was founded by King Devanampiya Tissa of Sri Lanka around the 3rd century BC, functioning as one of the main temples in Sri Lanka that he used to introduce Buddhism.
Buddha Dhamma.
The significance of the temple is an original piece of the Buddhist writing "Pāli Canon":[http://www.amazinglanka.com/heritage/aluvihare/aluvihare.php]
After Buddha's death, the Buddha Dhamma (a sort of imaginary bible for Buddhism) was passed on from generation to generation verbally by his pupils.
In the 1st Century BC, during King Walagamba's time, there had been a famine for 12 years which was known as 'Baminithiyasaya'. There was also a South Indian invasion at the same time. The Bhikkus realised that these problems would be a danger to the Buddha Dhamma. Due to the famine, they had to eat yams, roots and leaves and underwent a difficult time. Under these conditions, memorising and repeating the Dhamma was difficult. About 60 of them went to Malaya Rata which is said to be the hill country. They lived on the banks of the Mahaweli river under harsh conditions. They saw dead animals. The Theras were weak and realised that the Buddha Dhamma was in danger of being lost.
After surviving the twelve years and the return of King Walagamba from hiding after fourteen years, the pupils who went to India and the hill country returned to Kallagama Janapadaya. They discussed and decided that they should write the 'Tripitaka' (the Pali) to preserve the Dhamma for future generations. However, they realised that Anuradhapura was not suitable for this purpose and decided on 'Aloka lena' in Mathula Janapadaya, now Aluvihare in Matale.

</doc>
<doc id="31038707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038707" title="2011 Continental Indoor Football League season">
2011 Continental Indoor Football League season

The 2011 Continental Indoor Football League season was the league's sixth overall season. The regular season started on Saturday, February 26, with the expansion Port Huron Predators defeating the expansion Indianapolis Enforcers 69-12, and ended with the 2011 CIFL Championship Game on June 11, 2011, at the Cincinnati Gardens in Cincinnati, Ohio, where the Cincinnati Commandos defeated the Marion Blue Racers 44-29 to clinch their second consecutive CIFL Championship.
In 2011, the league saw its size stay the same for the first time. There were changes to the teams that made up the 6 teams, as Fort Wayne FireHawks, Marion Mayhem and the Wisconsin Wolfpack folded following the 2010 season, and the Chicago Cardinals changed their name to the Chicago Knights, and the Miami Valley Silverbacks established a home arena in Dayton, Ohio and changed their names to the Dayton Silverbacks. The CIFL awarded the Indianapolis Enforcers, the Marion Blue Racers and the Port Huron Predators expansion franchises.
On April 29, 2011 It was announced that the Port Huron Predators would ceased operations immediately. This made the league finish with 5 teams for a second consecutive season.
Schedule.
Since the league remained at 6 teams, they stuck to their ten game schedule for each team. Every team was scheduled to play a home and away game with every team except Indianapolis, as they were competing as a travel team.
Scheduling changes.
On April 29, 2011 It was announced that the Port Huron Predators would ceased operations immediately As a result of Port Huron folding Chicago, Cincinnati, Dayton, and Indianapolis were awarded wins for their remaining games against Port Huron.
Regular Season Standings.
y - clinched regular-season title
x - clinched playoff spot
Media.
The league launched the Gameday Center on its website that would allow followers to enjoy live stats for each game. Team's were also allowed to use local media to broadcast the teams under their own terms.

</doc>
<doc id="31038721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038721" title="Rainy River (Pelorus)">
Rainy River (Pelorus)

The Rainy River is a short river of the northeastern Tasman Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows north from the Richmond Range into the Pelorus River, which it reaches five kilometres west of Pelorus Bridge.

</doc>
<doc id="31038744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038744" title="2006 Thailand Open – Singles">
2006 Thailand Open – Singles

The 2006 Thailand Open was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts. It was the 4th edition of the Thailand Open, and was part of the International Series of the 2006 ATP Tour. It took place at the Impact Arena in Bangkok, Thailand, from September 25 through October 1, 2006. James Blake won in the final 6–3, 6–1 against Ivan Ljubičić.

</doc>
<doc id="31038760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038760" title="John de Lovetot">
John de Lovetot

Sir John de Lovetot (b. 1236 or before, d. 1294) was an administrator and later Justice of the Common Pleas between 1275 and 1289. He had already been knighted when he entered the service of Edward I. Prior to that he had performed administrative duties in Yorkshire, in Norfolk (as sub-sheriff and then as steward of Norwich Cathedral) and with the Earl of Oxford, Robert de Vere.
During his appointment as justice, he also represented the king on diplomatic missions abroad. His legal career ended in 1290 when, along with two other Justices of the King's Bench, he was heavily fined and committed to the Tower of London because of his complicity in the falsification of court records by the Chief Justice Thomas Weyland while the king was away in France. He was placed in the Tower yet again in 1293 while in service to Eleanor, the queen. Eight years after his death, his son John unsuccessfully entered into three-year-long legal proceedings against Walter Langton, Bishop of Coventry, accusing him of arranging the murder of his father and committing adultery with his stepmother Joan, Lovelot's second wife.

</doc>
<doc id="31038769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038769" title="Regina Weber">
Regina Weber

Regina Weber (born 12 April 1963) is a retired German rhythmic gymnast. 
When rhythmic gymnastics was officially added as an Olympic Sport in 1984, athletes from USSR and Bulgaria were considered as favorites, but the Eastern led Boycott of the 1984 Summer Olympics meant the top competitors were absent. Weber then went to win the bronze medal at the 1984 Summer Olympics behind Romanian silver medalist Doina Stăiculescu. Between 1981 and 1986 she won nearly all national titles in various rhythmic gymnastics events, and retired after 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="31038777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038777" title="Cinkotai Royal Ground">
Cinkotai Royal Ground

Cinkotai Royal Ground is a multi-purpose recreational facility in Budapest, Hungary. It is used for sports matches as well other events such as music concerts. The facility serves as the home ground of Budapest rugby club Medvék RK.
History.
The ground opened in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="31038783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038783" title="Twinspirits">
Twinspirits

Twinspirits is a progressive metal artist based out of Padua, Italy, known for its prolific musicians involved in several different projects at once, including keyboard mastermind Daniele Liverani.
Biography.
While finishing his Genius Rock Opera, Daniele Liverani desired to return to a more traditional band format, and first recruited drummer Dario Ciccioni for his experience in the rock opera. The pair soon discovered the prodigious Tommy Ermolli: at a mere 13, he displayed brilliant technique and an uncommon sense of melody. Bassist Alberto Rigoni soon joined what would become Twinspirits, leaving only the vocalist spot open.
After vocal auditions, the Danish singer Søren Adamsen was selected to fill this empty spot, who was originally in more aggressive forms of music which seeped into Twinspirits as well. After releasing "The Music that Will Heal the World" in June 2007 to good reviews, the band released an official video clip for the song "Fire" and prepared an Italian tour in support of the album, but "personal problems" prevented vocalist Søren from attending the tour. He would part ways with Twinspirits later in 2008, to be replaced by Swedish vocalist Göran Nyström.
Work began almost immediately on the second Twinspirits album, entitled "The Forbidden City", initially described as darker than its predecessor due to the change in vocal positions. The album was released on September 11, 2009 and received praise for its matured sound in comparison to "The Music that Will Heal the World"; Tommy Hash of Ytsejam wrote that ""The Forbidden City" sees the band going above and beyond what they did on their last album ... the lyrics and the musical might is at a higher level, vigorous with intrigue without going overboard." After touring Italy in support of The Forbidden City, Liverani, Ciccioni and Ermolli formed the side project Prime Suspect, intended as a "more band oriented sounding album than a project, rooted in melodic rock and AOR."
The third Twinspirits album, entitled "Legacy", was released on February 18, 2011. It contains the longest Twinspirits song to date, the 29-minute, five-movement "The Endless Sleep". "Legacy" was handsomely received by the press, with Kenn Jensen of powerofmetal.dk asserting that "["Legacy"] is without a doubt the best album Daniele Liverani has ever written."

</doc>
<doc id="31038784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038784" title="Chamber Music (Ballake Sissoko and Vincent Segal album)">
Chamber Music (Ballake Sissoko and Vincent Segal album)

Chamber Music is an album by Ballaké Sissoko and Vincent Segal. It was released in 2009 by the French label No Format! and in 2011 by the U.S. label Six Degrees Records. The result of a close collaboration between the two friends and musicians, it melds Sissoko's traditional kora playing with Segal's trip hop infused approach to the classical cello. 
"Chamber Music" has been described as a work of quiet beauty and soulful simplicity.
Background.
Hailing from a long tradition of Malian kora players, Sissoko has worked with renowned musicians such as Toumani Diabaté and Taj Mahal. He met the French born Segal by chance, and the two began jamming together, uncertain of what kind of music might result. As a former member of the French National Orchestra, Segal's Western classical training does not prevent him from exploring a wide variety of extended techniques, rendering his cello a flexible partner to Sissoko's kora. A childhood spent in the Pigalle district of Paris surrounded by immigrant communities exposed Segal to African music from an early age. As such, he possesses a natural sensitivity to Sissoko's West-African style. 
An open improvisational spirit marks the otherwise composed works of "Chamber Music", with each musicians contributing individual compositions as well participating in a joint endeavor of sonic exploration. In previous collaborations as in this one, both Sissoko and Ségal emphasize the modern adaptability of their respective instruments, Sissoko through his preference for eclectic collaborations over solo endeavors and Segal through his work with the dub/trip hop Bumcello.
Recording Details.
The album was recorded over the course of three sessions at Salif Keita's Studio Mouffou in Bamako. No overdubs were used, and while most of the tracks feature only Sissoko and Segal, musical contributions were made by Awa Sangho on vocals, Mahamadou Kamissoko on ngoni, Fassery Diabaté on balafon, and Demba Camara on bolon.
Critical Reception.
There is a general consensus among critics that the collaboration between Sissoko and Segal has successfully merged their culturally distinct musical visions into a rousing hybrid. "Chamber Music" holds up on the strength of its creators' ability to understand each other's musical languages without resorting to overwrought instrumental embellishments or electronic manipulation. The minimalism of the arrangements serves to showcase each musician's sensitivity to the points of convergence between their respective instruments. Although such a collaboration is neither unusual nor groundbreaking at this point in the history of musical hybrids, a pairing that may have seemed awkward at first manages to produce spellbinding results. Altogether, "Chamber Music" strikes a fine balance in which the musical cultures of West Africa and Western Europe meet on equal terms.
Track listing.
All songs composed by Ballaké Sissoko except 2, 5 and 6 composed by Vincent Segal
Personnel.
Guests:

</doc>
<doc id="31038798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038798" title="This Time It's Love">
This Time It's Love

"This Time it's Love" is a 1998 studio album by Kurt Elling.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Tim Sheridan awarded the album four stars, and said Elling "finds a happy medium between romantic rumination and vocal experimentation. The highlight of the disc is "Freddie's Yen for Jen,"a stellar jazz experience that comes pretty damn close to committing the pure emotion of love to tape"

</doc>
<doc id="31038818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038818" title="Structured digital abstract">
Structured digital abstract

A Structured Digital Abstract (SDA) is a method of describing relationships between biological entities in a structured, but human-readable, format. It is added below the abstract of scientific articles published in FEBS Letters and FEBS Journal. Current SDAs describe protein-protein interactions.
History.
Many scientific manuscripts describe relationships between entities such as genes and proteins. However, this information cannot be used efficiently because of the difficulties in retrieving it automatically from unstructured text. In a six-month pilot project that started in January 2008, FEBS Letters began publishing manuscripts with “structured digital abstracts” (SDAs). The SDAs were added to the end of abstracts in a structured, but human-readable, format and digitally linked to interaction databases. In the pilot project, the journal concentrated on protein-protein interactions. After six months, this “experiment” was evaluated. As it was a success, all appropriate FEBS Letters manuscripts are now given an SDA.
In 2009, FEBS Journal also started publishing manuscripts with SDAs.
The SDA initiative continues to be funded by FEBS, a not-for-profit organisation.
Recent BioCreative challenges have focused on protein-protein interaction extraction by automatic text mining, using FEBS Letters and FEBS Journal articles.
Format.
An SDA comprises a series of sentences each of which contains a relationship between two biological entities, mentioning the method used to study the relationship. To provide a simplified example: protein A interacts with protein B, by method X. Each sentence in an SDA is followed by one or more identifiers pointing to the corresponding database entries that contain all the details of the structured information. Although most of the sentences currently point to the MINT Molecular INTeraction Database, the proposed structure can easily be extended to contain identifiers from other databases storing protein interactions or different types of relationships between biological entities. Each entity is also linked to the appropriate explanatory database. e.g. UniProtKB for proteins and the European Bioinformatics Institute ontology look up service for other entities.

</doc>
<doc id="31038826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038826" title="Richard W. Leopold Prize">
Richard W. Leopold Prize

The Richard W. Leopold Prize is awarded biennially by the Organization of American Historians (OAH). Professor Leopold (1912-2006) was President of the OAH in 1976-1977.
A 3-member committee, chosen by the President of the OAH, chooses the best history book on U.S. federal government agencies, U.S. foreign policies, U.S. military affairs, or biographies of government officials. Only non-academic historians are eligible for the Prize, preferably historians employed by federal government agencies. The winning author receives $1,500. In 1990, the prize went to two books. In 2002, the prize went to two books, one of which had two authors. In these years, the authors split the prize money.
In the listing below, the author links lead to the latest available biographical data. Unfortunately, few government employees have sites comparable to those sites in academia. The institutional affiliation listed is that at the time the awards was given, and the links are to those institutions. In both cases, “Wikipedia” sites, where available, were given preference.

</doc>
<doc id="31038840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038840" title="Ernst Fabri">
Ernst Fabri

Ernst Fabri (1891-1966) was an Austrian writer and journalist.
Biography.
Born in Vienna, Austria-Hungary on 7 May 1891, Ernst Fabri joined the Austrian Social Democratic movement in 1906. A member of the radical wing of the Social Democrats during World War I, Fabri became a founding member of the Austrian Communist Party and founded the Union of Proletarian Writers in 1930.
The Fabri family moved to the Soviet Union in 1932, where Ernst Fabri edited a German-language newspaper in Moscow. Fabri was held in detention for fourteen days during the Great Purge in 1938, but was subsequently released from custody. Evacuated to Tashkent after the German invasion of the Soviet Union, he worked for the Austrian service of Radio Moscow in the post-war years, contributing German-language radio reports, sketches, and plays.
He died in Moscow on 6 November 1966.
Ernst Fabri's son, zoologist and animal behaviorist Kurt Fabri, was a professor of psychology at Moscow State University.

</doc>
<doc id="31038843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038843" title="Fannin County Courthouse (Texas)">
Fannin County Courthouse (Texas)

The Fannin County Courthouse is an historic courthouse building located in Bonham, Fannin County, Texas. Built in 1888-1889 of rough-cut local limestone from Gober by Scottish-born stonemasons Kane and Cormack, it was designed in the Second Empire style of architecture by Waco-based architect Wesley Clark Dodson (1829–1914) of the firm Dodson and Dudley. As built it was similar in appearance to the Hood County Courthouse Dodson designed shortly after it. Its central clock tower and elaborate mansard roof were destroyed by fire on New Year's Eve, December 31, 1929, and were replaced by a flat roof. In 1965 the courthouse was modernized, the remaining roof pediments were removed and the exterior was covered with a smooth surface of what is called "Lueders stone" or "Lueders limestone", so that it now appears to be a Moderne or rather plain Art Deco building.
In 2008 the county received a state historical renovation grant and discussion ensued about whether to restore the building to its earlier grandeur.

</doc>
<doc id="31038868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038868" title="Logan Alexander">
Logan Alexander

Logan Alexander (born June 10, 1986) is a Bermudian international footballer who currently plays for Bermuda Hogges in the USL Premier Development League.

</doc>
<doc id="31038878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038878" title="Jiaozhou (region)">
Jiaozhou (region)

Jiaozhou (, ) is an ancient Chinese region. The territory defined by the region has been changed in different eras. Normally included modern North Vietnam and parts of Guangxi.
Han Dynasty.
In 111 BC, Emperor Wu of Han conquered the kingdom of Nanyue and created the Jiaozhou region with nine comentries assigned to it: Nanhai, Cangwu, Yulin, Jiaozhi, Hepu, Rinan (), Zhuyai (), Tanerh (), and Jiuzhen ().

</doc>
<doc id="31038886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038886" title="Léotard">
Léotard

Léotard is a surname of French origin, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31038909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038909" title="Firth Haring Fabend">
Firth Haring Fabend

Firth Haring Fabend is an American novelist and historian. She was born in Tappan, New York, on August 12, 1937, the daughter of James Firth Haring and Elizabeth Adler. She graduated from Nyack High School in Nyack, New York, and is a 1959 graduate of Barnard College, where she majored in English literature. She holds a PhD in American Studies from New York University. She spent her Junior Year at Westfield College of London University. While working in book publishing in New York City and attending graduate school, she published five novels between 1968 and 1985. Two book-length works of history followed in 1991 and 2000, and to date some thirty essays and chapters in books.
Career.
Her novels are "The Best of Intentions" (New York: William Morrow, 1968); "Three Women" (New York: Belmont Books, 1972); "A Perfect Stranger" (New York: Simon & Schuster, 1973); "The Woman Who Went Away" (New York: Holt, Rinehart & Winston, 1981); and "Greek Revival" (New York: E. P. Dutton, 1985). These works were published in both hard- and paperback editions in the U.S., the U.K., France, and various other countries.
Although they were in general favorably reviewed, she became disillusioned, in the 1980s, by developments in the publishing world, gave up fiction writing, and turned to academia. She received a doctorate in American Studies from New York University in 1988, her area of interest being the Dutch colonial period of New York and New Jersey and the legacy of the Dutch in New York and New Jersey into the nineteenth century. Her doctoral dissertation was awarded the New York State Historical Association Annual Manuscript Award in 1989 and the Hendricks Prize of the New Netherland Institute (originally the New Netherland Project) also in 1989. That year she was made a Charter Fellow of the New Netherland Project and the following year a Fellow of The Holland Society of New York, the second woman to be so honored.
Her dissertation was published by Rutgers University Press in 1991 as "A Dutch Family in the Middle Colonies, 1660-1800". It was prominently reviewed in the major academic journals as a welcome addition to the growing literature on the family, especially as it applied to New York and New Jersey, and for providing a bench mark for studying the family in different epochs. Along with other family studies published at around the same time, it was considered among those works that laid the basis for a genuine study of the early colonial community experience in the eastern United States.
Her second book-length work of history, "Zion on the Hudson: Dutch New York and New Jersey in the Age of Revivals", was also published by Rutgers University Press (2000) and was awarded the New Jersey State Annual Archives Award in 2001. "Zion on the Hudson," wrote C. H. Lippy in "Choice," “along with her earlier "A Dutch Family in the Middle Colonies," establishes Fabend as the premier historian of Dutch American culture.”
In 2012, the New Netherland Institute commissioned a book from her that was published as "New Netherland in a Nutshell: A Concise History of the Dutch Colony in North America."
In 2004, with a feminist intent in mind, she organized her notes on the women in the family she had researched for her dissertation (her own Haring family) and turned them into a ten-stanza lyric poem called "A Catch of Grandmothers," an introductory stanza and one stanza for each of her nine Haring grandmothers going back to Grietjie Cosyns, born in New Amsterdam in 1641. This bio-historical poem, unique to American letters, was published in book form by the Historical Society of Rockland County in 2004 and is currently in its third printing.
In 2008, after publishing history for twenty years, she returned to the novel form with "Land So Fair," a historical novel set in the Hudson Valley in the eighteenth century. Although she considers this her best work of fiction, she was obliged to self-publish it for lack of interest by commercial publishers.
Fabend’s curiosity about the Dutch colonial period in New York and New Jersey was sparked at first by her learning that her father’s family had been instrumental in the settling of Rockland and Bergen counties, beginning in the 1680s.
Felicitously, her interest coincided with and was mightily reinforced by the New Netherland Project, a major translation effort undertaken beginning in 1974 by Dr. Charles T. Gehring. Gehring’s translations and retranslations of the Dutch colonial records and documents, which have been steadily published over the decades since the 1970s, gave rise to a renaissance in the historiography of the Dutch period of New York and New Jersey from which she has benefited not only in substance but in many warm friendships with her colleagues in Dutchness.
She is a participant in the New York Council for the Humanities Speakers Program as well as its Community Conversations, and she has over the years consulted for the Museum of the City of New York, the American History Workshop, the New Amsterdam History Center, the New York Genealogical and Biographical Society, the Hudson River Museum, the New York State Historical Association, and other institutions concerned with American history.
In the 1970s, she was invited to deposit her papers in The Twentieth Century Archives, in what is today called The Howard Gotlieb Archival Center, in the Mugar Memorial Library, Boston University. The Firth Haring Collection contains copies of all her works, including a memoir she self-published in 2008, "Only a Paper Life," her book contracts for her first five novels, her manuscripts of these novels, and the correspondence and reviews relating to them. (Of "Only a Paper Life," Cambridge University English professor Richard Gooder of Clare College wrote, “It remains a little masterpiece. I know nothing else like it.”)
Her genealogical notes and other material on the Haring family are in the Special Collections and University Archives of the Alexander Library, Rutgers University, New Brunswick, and also in the manuscript collection of the New York Genealogical and Biographical Society. She is married to E. Carl Fabend, lives in Montclair, New Jersey, and has two daughters and three grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="31038942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038942" title="Associação Atlética Guarany">
Associação Atlética Guarany

Associação Atlética Guarany, commonly known as Guarany, is a Brazilian football club based in Porto da Folha, Sergipe state.
History.
The club was founded on January 1, 1940. Guarany won the Campeonato Sergipano Série A2 in 1988, and in 2001.
Stadium.
Associação Atlética Guarany play their home games at Estádio Caio Feitosa. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 3,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31038943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038943" title="Abraham Darby IV">
Abraham Darby IV

Abraham Darby IV (30 March 1804 – 28 November 1878) was an English ironmaster.
He was born in Dale House, Coalbrookdale, Shropshire the son of Edmund Darby, a member of the Darby ironmaking family and Lucy (née Burlingham) Darby. He was a great-nephew of Abraham Darby III.
In 1830, he and his brother Alfred took over the management of the Horsehay foundry, one of several foundries owned by the family business, and set about re-establishing the Coalbrookdale Company's reputation by investing in new technology there for the manufacture of wrought iron.
In 1844, he became a major shareholder in the Ebbw Vale ironworks in South Wales. After a series of family disagreements, he resigned his management of the Coalbrookdale Company in 1849, and, in 1851, bought Stoke Court near Stoke Poges in Buckinghamshire, and moved to live there. He also acquired property at Treberfydd in Breconshire, Wales. He acted as a Justice of the Peace in both counties, and, in 1853, was appointed High Sheriff of Buckinghamshire.
Although born into a Quaker family, he joined the Church of England and paid for the building of Holy Trinity church in Coalbrookdale (1850–54).
He died at Treberfydd and was buried at his church in Coalbrookdale. He had married his cousin Matilda Frances, the daughter of Francis Darby, in 1853.

</doc>
<doc id="31038960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038960" title="Charles Ovenden">
Charles Ovenden

Born in Enniskillen, County Fermanagh, Ireland he was educated at the Portora Royal School, Enniskillen and Trinity College, Dublin. Ordained in 1870, his first position was as a curate at Magdalene Church, Belfast. Later he was Rector of Dunluce, County Antrim and then Succentor at St Patrick’s Cathedral, Dublin. He was Rector of Portrush from 1884 to 1886 when he became Precentor of Clogher. In 1903 he became Dean of Clogher before moving to Dublin in 1911.
References.
Arthur Haire-Forster

</doc>
<doc id="31038973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038973" title="Sonata for Two Pianos (Stravinsky)">
Sonata for Two Pianos (Stravinsky)

Sonata for Two Pianos is a composition by Russian composer Igor Stravinsky, premiered in 1944 by Richard Johnson and Nadia Boulanger. First conceived as a solo work, Stravinsky needed to write it for four hands to voice all four melodic lines clearly. It is considered one of Stravinsky's most important compositions for two solo pianos, together with Concerto for Two Pianos.
Structure.
The sonata is in three movements, though one CD recording indexes the theme and four variations of the second movement separately. However, it is in only three movements.

</doc>
<doc id="31038987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038987" title="Madra Mountains">
Madra Mountains

Madra Mountains (or Madra Mountain) are in western Anatolia, Aegean Region of Turkey. They are horst type geological formation. The highest point of the mountains is Maya Hill.
Geography.
They are located on the northern Aegean part of the western Anatolia and form the border of İzmir and Balikesir provinces of Turkey. In Balıkesir province they range on Ayvalık, Burhaniye, Havran and İvrindi district. In İzmir province they range on Bergama and Dikili district, in Manisa province only in Soma.
They are surrounded by the
There are Madra dam in the west and Kestel dam in the east of the mountains.
Economy and Turism.
In Kozak Plateau of Madra Dağları region pinus pinea production is essential. Also pavement stone production for roads is important. The region is also known for grape production.
Near Aşağıbey village there is ruins of ancient city of Perperene and near Yukarıbey village there is ancient Trarion.

</doc>
<doc id="31038998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31038998" title="Fannin County Courthouse">
Fannin County Courthouse

Fannin County Courthouse may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31039001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039001" title="Simón Brauer">
Simón Brauer

Simon Brauer (born June 22, 1973 in Quito, Ecuador) is a photographer and cinematographer. He is also the author of the first Ecuadorian book on 3D photography, "Quito Profundo". He contributed to several advertising agencies, magazines, films and books. His career as a cinematographer and photographer veers towards the artistic, where experimentation is fundamental tool, that is the reason behind Neurona Digital, a company he created in conjunction with his wife and fellow photographer Lorena Cordero in 2005. Brauer was among the first to fight for film studies in Ecuador when local films were rare. As a cinematographer he has collaborated with renowned filmmakers such as Sebastian Cordero, Mateo Herrera, and Ivan Mora Manazano. Brauer also work like writer/director and director of photography of music videos for several well known Ecuadorian musicians.
His publication "Quito Profundo" is the first Ecuadorian book of photography in 3D, so it was constituted as an important reference for the history of photography in Ecuador. The "Quito Profundo" photographs are displayed in a colonial museums such as the Church of the Society of Jesus in Quito Ecuador.

</doc>
<doc id="31039022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039022" title="Western Communications">
Western Communications

Western Communications, Inc. is an American newspaper publisher serving the states of Oregon and California. The family-owned company is based in Bend, Oregon and was founded by Robert W. Chandler. Its flagship paper is "The Bulletin".

</doc>
<doc id="31039023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039023" title="List of original DC-3 operators">
List of original DC-3 operators

The List of Douglas DC-3 operators lists only the original customers who purchased new aircraft. 
With the availability of large numbers of surplus military C-47 Skytrain or Dakotas after the Second World nearly every airline and military force in the 1940s and 1950s operated the aircraft at some point. At the end of the 20th century and into the 21st century the Douglas DC-3 is still in commercial operation.

</doc>
<doc id="31039087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039087" title="Center for the Army Profession and Ethic">
Center for the Army Profession and Ethic

To reinforce the Army profession and its Ethic, the Army Chief of Staff (CSA) established the Army Center of Excellence for the Professional Military Ethic (ACPME) in May 2008. Located at West Point, New York, the wellspring of professional soldier values for more than 200 years, the ACPME was re-designated as the Center for the Army Profession and Ethic (CAPE) and realigned to fall under the command and control of the United States Army Training and Doctrine Command (TRADOC) and its Combined Arms Center (CAC) in August 2010. CAPE’s objectives are to assess, study, and refine the Profession of Arms, the Army Ethic and culture; increase Army members’ understanding and internalization of what it means for the Army to be a Profession of Arms and to be a Professional; accelerate professional and character development in individuals, units, and Army culture through training, education, and leader development; and lead Doctrine, Organization, Training, Materiel, Leadership and Education, Personnel and Facilities (DOTMLPF) initiatives to reinforce the Profession of Arms, Army Ethic, and culture. In order to leverage the vast intellectual capital at the United States Military Academy (USMA), the CAPE offices remain at West Point
CAPE Mission Statement.
CAPE, on behalf of CG, CAC, serves as the proponent for the Army Profession, the Army Ethic and Character Development of Army Professionals to reinforce Trust within the profession and with the American people.
Purpose.
To reinforce Trust within the profession and with the American people: the foundation for successful accomplishment of the Army Mission, consistent with the Army Ethic.
Key Tasks.
• Support Army wide efforts (Army Campaign Plan, TRADOC Strategic Plan, Ready and Resilient Campaign Plan and Human Dimension TF)
• Create and integrate Army Profession, Army Ethic and Character Development doctrine and concepts into training, leadership development, Professional Military Education, and the Civilian Education System
• Promulgate the Army Ethic
• Develop the Army Character Development concept, strategy, and doctrine
• Assess effectiveness of Army Profession efforts
CAPE Products.
The Center for the Army Profession and Ethic offers many products to help develop Army Professionals. Products include: Videos, Case Studies, Lesson Plans, Training Support Packages, Virtual Simulators, Games, Posters, and more.
Virtual Simulators.
The Company We Keep.
The Company We Keep is an interactive video simulation for Company Commanders and First Sergeants. It focuses on the responsibility of the Company Command Team (CCT) members to serve as Stewards for the Profession of Arms by communicating, working as a team, counseling/mentoring within the garrison environment, and inspiring commitment to the Army Profession through daily tasks. The interactive simulation demonstrates how excellence and leadership should be modeled in the areas of training development, property accountability, materiel readiness, and personnel readiness.
Highly Specialized, Highly Committed.
Highly Specialized, Highly Committed is a virtual simulation training product that focuses on Army Profession and Ethic concepts and how they relate to the leader/professional development of Soldiers as they transition into the Warrant Officer cohort.
A Special Trust.
Stewards of the Profession: A Special Trust focuses on the Army Profession and Ethic, along with civil-military relations. The concepts of the profession are applied to Command Climate and Leader Development issues.
Backbone of the Army.
Backbone of the Army prepares you for life in deployed situations and at home station, working through events and dilemmas that will challenge your ideas of what it means to be a leader and a steward of the U.S. Army Profession.
The Future is Now.
In The Future is Now you'll experience small private college or large state university life as a first- and second-year cadet. Through multiple playable characters you'll face many college lifestyle situations, which often conflict with the cultural and ethical norms of life as an Army Officer.
True Faith and Allegiance.
Released in 2011, True Faith & Allegiance follows the progress of J.T. Taylor from high school to new Soldier. This program gives new Army trainees the opportunity to understand and apply the Army Values to everyday decisions and see how these seemingly small events can have long-lasting repercussions. Ethical decision-making is a skill that improves with practice. True Faith & Allegiance will give you that practice and confidence in your ability to make ethical decisions when times are tough.
The High Ground.
The High Ground provides real-time, ethical decision choices with appropriate outcomes, verbal feedback and AAR summary designed not only to provide Soldiers with an entertaining, thoughtful experience that stimulates ethical reasoning, but also allows data capture to support ethics research.
Moral Combat.
The ethics version of the Army game Moral Combat will provide Soldiers with a fun, entertaining experience, further ethical awareness, and intends to stimulate and evolve the moral working self as well as provide a data capture mechanism to support ethics research and moral character development.

</doc>
<doc id="31039097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039097" title="Georgian presidential election, 2000">
Georgian presidential election, 2000

Presidential elections were held in Georgia on 9 April 2000. The result was a victory for Eduard Shevardnadze of the Union of Citizens of Georgia, who won 82.0% of the vote, with a 75.9% turnout.

</doc>
<doc id="31039118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039118" title="Billy McCormack">
Billy McCormack

Billy McCormack may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31039120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039120" title="George Dunbar Bridge">
George Dunbar Bridge

The George Dunbar Bridge is a vehicular and pedestrian bridge in Ottawa, Ontario carrying Bronson Avenue over the Rideau River and connecting it to the Airport Parkway. The original Dunbar Bridge was completed in 1955. It was demolished in December 1994. The current bridge was constructed in 1993–1996. The Northbound (East) span was built in May 1993–December 1994 adjacent to the 1955 bridge. The Southbound (West) span was built in 1995–96 on the site of the demolished 1955 bridge. The bridge is named for George Harrison Dunbar (1876-1966), a prominent member of the Ontario legislature who served as Ontario Minister of Municipal Affairs in 1943–1955.

</doc>
<doc id="31039129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039129" title="Panic of 1826">
Panic of 1826

The Panic of 1826 was a financial crisis built upon fraudulent financial practices from the management of various firms. The height of the panic occurred during July 1826 when six of the sixty-seven companies publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange abruptly failed. Within the coming months, twelve more NYSE firms would also fail. The panic sparked New York State to bring in extensive legislation seeking to regulate financial companies and protect investor interests. These regulations, legislations, and precedents like the shareholder derivative precedent were some of the first ever enacted in America and provided the basis for today’s financial regulations after the panic of 2008.
Causes.
One of the primary causes of the Panic of 1826 was the rise in the number of incorporations in New York during the 1820s. From having only one bank and no insurance corporations in 1791, by 1830, there were over 150 financial companies and 1000 businesses. With this rise in number of incorporations, there were no statutes to protect stockholders and creditors as financial reporting and accounting standards did not exist. This spike in financial incorporations, specifically during the period from early 1824 to mid-1825, led to a 60% increase in market value of the New York Stock Exchange from 1824-1825. The rise of these new financial companies and how they were managed led to the eventual failure of these new firms.
The founders of the financial companies in the 1820s utilized lending and stock notes to retain full control of the firm and to vote themselves into the office of directors. Once they were able to establish majority ownership, the speculative owners were able to use their corporation’s resources as collateral to finance their own acquisitions and personal investing. Through borrowing on collateral and shifting assets around, the controlling investors were able to maintain directorships in a large number of firms. In the month of July 1826, there was a series of runs on three critical banks, which led to a halting of payments and the collapse of companies controlled by these investors. In a study regarding detailing shareholder ownership during the 1820s, it was shown how director of firms that failed controlled 62% of the share in their companies, which was double the proportion of the surviving firms.
Effects and aftermath.
The Panic of 1826 led to proposed measures revolving around statutes for capital, financial statements, liabilities of financial institutions, and regulations for directors. Some of these new statutes mandated that a transfer of a corporation’s property of one thousand dollars or more required the approval of the entire board and made directors personally liable for any losses from violations. This led to the revision of existing bank’s charters and the institution of a safety fund law, which created an administrative office to oversee and inspect the banks.
Besides regulations, the public sought to pursue criminal cases against a number of directors. In September 1826, trials began involving Henry Eckford and seven other defendants, who were charged with conspiracy. Throughout the trial, evidence and testimony was presented, revealing excessive lending to finance speculative investment, fraudulent sale of securities, and manipulation of assets. However, one of the verdicts was appealed to the state’s highest court where they ruled that the conspiracy indictment was too vague, which led to a precedent and the shutting down of all related cases. This ruling prompted the Revised Statutes to include a provision allowing investors and creditors of a fraudulent corporation to use courts to shut down the firm’s operations and recover their assets. The provision established the idea of minority investors being able to sue directors for a breach of fiduciary trust. This marked the development of the shareholders’ derivative suit.
Although the Panic of 1826 was not the first documented case of mismanagement by firms, these legal regulations against corporations were some of the first to be ever enacted in the United States. The Panic of 1826 was the first of many nineteenth century financial crises, and each of these subsequent crises built upon the regulations and legislation from this panic of Wall Street Firms abruptly going bankrupt.

</doc>
<doc id="31039135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039135" title="Ayelet">
Ayelet

Ayelet may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31039137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039137" title="Leif Rode">
Leif Rode

Leif Sundt Rode (27 January 1885 – 2 November 1967) was a Norwegian competitive rower, jurist, sports official, poet and playwright.
Personal life.
Rode was born in Kristiania as the son of physician Emil Ferdinand Rode (1825–1921) and Ragna Louise Drejer Sundt (1857–1909). He was a maternal grandson of Lauritz Sundt, and thus a great-grandnephew of Eilert Sundt and first cousin once removed of Harald, Halfdan and Vigleik Sundt.
He married Anna Sundt Bøckmann Puntervold Falkenberg, a maternal granddaughter of Tønnes Puntervold, in 1911. He died in Oslo in November 1967.
Career.
Rode finished his secondary education in 1903, and graduated with the cand.jur. degree in 1908. While a student he joined the sports club Norske Studenters RK. He became a competitive rower, and competed in coxed fours at the 1912 Summer Olympics in Stockholm. At the end of his active career he served as a sports administrator, as chairman of his club from 1913, and board member of the National rowing federation from 1914. He was president of from 1918 to 1919, and of from 1925 to 1930. He chaired the Association for the Promotion of Skiing from 1951 to 1953.
He was a barrister at the Eidsivating Court of Appeal from 1933 to 1945. During the German occupation, in his role as a barrister, he appeared at the defence in German courts-martial. He contributed to the civil resistance through the establishment of the "sports front". After the war he took part as defender in the legal purge, and was a barrister at the Supreme Court of Norway from 1945 to 1955.
Rode published a song book in 1928, the poetry collection "Men det steg en grotid" in 1945, and the non-fiction book "Forsvareren i praksis" in 1949. His audio play "Bevisbyrden" was aired in 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="31039138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039138" title="Falling-out">
Falling-out

Falling-out is a culture-bound syndrome primarily reported in the southern United States and the Caribbean. It is described as a constricted consciousness as a psychological response to anxiety and specific stressors. Sudden collapse characterizes episodes of falling-out, whether without warning or preceded by dizziness and a spinning sensation. The individual suffering from symptoms of falling out can usually hear and understand what is going on around them.
Falling-out is not treated as an illness unless it becomes disabling. It is often seen as a normal response to stressful situations, funerals, or when a person receives shocking information.

</doc>
<doc id="31039142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039142" title="Matt Clapp">
Matt Clapp

Matt Clapp (born December 6, 1986) is an American football fullback who is currently a suspended free agent. He was signed by the Detroit Lions as an undrafted free agent in 2010. He played college football at Oklahoma.
Professional career.
Detroit Lions.
Clapp was signed by the Detroit Lions' as an undrafted rookie free agent on April 30, 2010. He was waived by the Lions on September 3, 2011.
Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
Clapp was first signed by the Buccaneers on October 26, 2011. On December 11, 2011, he was suspended for the remainder if the 2011 NFL season and the first four games of the 2012 NFL season for unspecified reasons.

</doc>
<doc id="31039144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039144" title="Jordan Hulls">
Jordan Hulls

Jordan Hulls (born April 16, 1990) is an American basketball player currently playing for Energa Czarni of the Polish Basketball League. He played at Indiana University.
Personal.
Hulls is from Bloomington, Indiana and majors in exercise science. John Hulls, his grandfather, came to Indiana from Army with Bob Knight in 1971 and served on his staff as a shooting coach. Hulls's sister Kaila plays basketball for the Indiana women's team.
Early career and high school.
Hulls began receiving basketball instruction at an early age from his father and grandfather. He was not allowed to shoot three-pointers until the seventh grade, when his dad decided he was strong enough to shoot from that far without muddling his form. He played three years on varsity for Bloomington High School South, playing in 73 games and winning 66 of them. His senior year he led his team to a Class 4A IHSAA state championship and a 26-0 perfect season. The team earned a No. 3 national ranking by USA Today. Hulls led his team in scoring (15.8-point average), assists (5.2) and steals (2.6). Hulls graduated from high school in 2009 and finished with a 3.94 GPA.
Following the end of his senior season, Hulls was named Indiana Mr. Basketball, the state's highest honor for high school players. He became the 25th Indiana Mr. Basketball to play for the Hoosiers. He was also named first team All-State and the Gatorade Player of the Year in Indiana. Hulls also played in the Indiana/Kentucky All-Star series and on the Indiana Elite One AAU squad. According to ESPN Hulls was the 31st best point guard in the class. Scout.com had him rated 80th nationally and 9th at his position, while Rivals.com had him slotted 106th in the country and 17th at his position. Sporting News tabbed him as the top leader in the 2009 class.
College career.
On May 20, 2008, Hulls committed to play for Indiana University, turning down an offer from Purdue. Of his commitment to Indiana, he said, "Being a hometown kid, that definitely factored into it. Being a part of bringing the program back to what it used to be appeals to me." Hulls also noted he had been a lifelong Hoosier fan, in part because of his family's connections to the program. 
In his freshman year at Indiana, the 2009-10 season, Hulls played in all 31 games and started 17, including the final nine games of the season. He led the team with 47 made 3-pointers and a .402 shooting percentage from behind the arc. His .402 3-point percentage was the fifth-highest in the conference overall and the best amongst conference freshmen. He hit 8-of-12 threes for a career-high 24 points in a career-high 44 minutes in overtime win against Northwestern. His eight threes in that game are the second-most in a single game in Indiana history.
In his sophomore year at Indiana, the 2010-11 season, Hulls was the only player to start in 32 games. He finished ninth in the Big Ten in three-point field goal percentage (41.4) and ended the season by making a school record 41 straight free throw attempts, including all 35 in league play. At the end of the season he was named to the Academic All-Big Ten team.
In his junior year at Indiana, the 2011-12 season, Hulls averaged 11.5 points and 3.2 assists in 30.1 minutes per game. He shot 50.4% from the field, 49.3% from the three-point line, and 89.9% from the free throw line. Hulls improved in nearly every statistical category during the season, and made more big shots in his career than any other Indiana player on the team. The Hoosiers earned a number four seed in the 2012 NCAA Tournament and defeated New Mexico State in the second round. After defeating VCU in the third round, the Hoosiers lost in the Sweet Sixteen to Kentucky, the eventual national champions.
In his senior year at Indiana, the 2012-13 season, Hulls established himself as a leader on a team that finished the regular season as outright Big Ten champions. He led the Big Ten in 3-point field goal percent shooting at 48.7% and averaged 10.5 points, 3.0 assists and 2.5 rebounds per game. Further, the Hoosiers outscored opponents by 439 points with him on the floor, the best plus-minus rating for an individual player in the nation. Hulls earned All-Big Ten Honorable Mention honors from the coaches and media, a 2012–13 Academic All-America selection, and was a 2012–13 Senior CLASS Award winner.
Professional career.
After going undrafted in the 2013 NBA Draft, Hulls signed his first professional contract with Energa Czarni of the Polish Basketball League.

</doc>
<doc id="31039149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039149" title="Jewry Wall Museum">
Jewry Wall Museum

The Jewry Wall Museum is a museum in Leicester. It faces the Jewry Wall ruins, and houses artefacts from Iron Age, Roman, and medieval Leicester.
The building is Grade II listed and located below Vaughan College, home to Leicester University's Institute for Lifelong-Learning. Construction began in 1960 and finished two years later; the building was designed by Trevor Dannatt.
The museum is run by Leicester City Council and is free to enter.
In 2004, as part of a scheme of cost-cutting on the part of Leicester City Council, it was proposed that the opening hours at the Jewry Wall Museum would be reduced. An interest group was created in response, and the 'Friends of Jewry Wall Museum' have been actively promoting the museum since.
<br>Regardless of this, Leicester City Council reduced the museum's opening times to save money, and the museum is closed for several months over the winter. Councillor John Mugglestone, rationalised the decision at the time, saying: ""At Jewry Wall, we have more curators than visitors"".
<br>The museum was threatened again in 2011, when Leicester City Council announced plans to close the museum (along with 2 others in the city) to save money. This decision was overturned following a motion by the City Council's backbench Labour Councillors, lead by former Labour Council leader Ross Willmott.

</doc>
<doc id="31039161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039161" title="James W. Borden">
James W. Borden

James Wallace Borden (1810–1882) was an American jurist in Indiana and diplomat.
Life.
James Wallace Borden was born near Beaufort, North Carolina on February 5, 1810.
His father was Joseph Borden (1769–1825) and mother Esther Wallace (1771–1853). 
He was educated at Fairfeld Academy in Herkimer, New York and at Windsor, Connecticut. He read for and passed his bar exam in 1831. In 1835 he moved to Richmond, Indiana, and in 1839 to Fort Wayne, Indiana.
He ran the federal land office in Fort Wayne, and was elected as judge of the 12th district of Indianain 1841. In 1850 he was a member of the Indiana state constitutional convention. He ran as a Democrat for the US Congress House of Representatives in 1851, but lost the general election.
In 1852 he was elected again as judge.
Borden was appointed U.S. Commissioner to the Kingdom of Hawaii by James Buchanan on January 11, 1858.
He presented his credentials on May 21, 1858 to King Kamehameha IV. The king made a welcoming speech, but the situation was a tense peace between Scottish-born Hawaii foreign minister Robert Crichton Wyllie and US Secretary of State Lewis Cass.
There was a minor territorial dispute over the remote Johnston Atoll.
A highlight was the visit on March 5, 1860 of the which included Japanese ambassadors on a visit to the United States. 
President Abraham Lincoln appointed Thomas J. Dryer to be the new Commissioner to Hawaii, and Borden was recalled on June 8, 1861.
Borden took a tour of Asia and Europe before returning to Indiana. he was elected again as judge in 1864 and 1867 moved to the criminal court, and held that post until his death.
He died in 1882. He was buried in Lindenwood Cemetery in Fort Wayne.
He married Emeline Griswold in 1832 had seven children, and after her death married Jane Conklin on August 15, 1848, having one additional son, David Henry Borden in May 1863.
His brother, physician Joseph Borden (1806–1875) and his family moved to California and named the town of Borden, California.
His son George Pennington Borden (1844–1925) enlisted in the American Civil War, graduated from the United States Military Academy in 1864, and retired as a brigadier general in 1907. He was buried in Arlington National Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="31039168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039168" title="Olímpico (disambiguation)">
Olímpico (disambiguation)

Olímpico or Olímpica (Portuguese and Spanish for Olympic), may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31039187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039187" title="Barkers of Northallerton">
Barkers of Northallerton

Barkers is a family business operating a department store and a furniture store in Northallerton.
History.
In 1882, William Barker, aged 14, started an apprentice at a small drapers shop called Oxendales in Northallerton. As his career progressed, the store became known as Oxendale and Barker and eventually Barkers.
The Department Store.
The department store is located on the long high street and includes an arcade, called Barker's Arcade, of smaller shops through the building. The store offers a variety of merchandise, including some of the world's leading brands of fashion, lingerie, menswear, footwear, handbags & accessories, beauty cosmetics, cards, luggage, gifts and homewares - from kitchen utensils to bed linen. At the front of the Barkers Arcade, they have a café and located within the store there is a 200 seat restaurant.
The Furniture Store.
This 40 000 sq ft store, built in 1994, is on the edge of Northallerton, located just off the A167 and lies near retailers such as B&Q, Sainsbury's, Halfords and Homebase. The store also has a café. Products are cabinet furniture, beds, bed linen, flooring, lighting, soft furnishings, pictures and mirrors.
Every year, Barkers hold their own Barkers Christmas Night. Usually around the end of November, the high street is closed off to vehicles and Santa Claus ride down the road on a sleigh for people to watch. Parents are able to pay for their child to have a present given to them from Santa.

</doc>
<doc id="31039219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039219" title="Osiier">
Osiier

Osiier is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31039221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039221" title="Boiling water reactor safety systems">
Boiling water reactor safety systems

Boiling water reactor safety systems are nuclear safety systems constructed within boiling water reactors in order to prevent or mitigate environmental and health hazards in the event of accident or natural disaster.
Like the pressurized water reactor, the BWR reactor core continues to produce heat from radioactive decay after the fission reactions have stopped, making a core damage incident possible in the event that all safety systems have failed and the core does not receive coolant. Also like the pressurized water reactor, a boiling water reactor has a negative void coefficient, that is, the neutron (and the thermal) output of the reactor decreases as the proportion of steam to liquid water increases inside the reactor.
However, unlike a pressurized water reactor which contains no steam in the reactor core, a sudden increase in BWR steam pressure (caused, for example, by the actuation of the main steam isolation valve (MSIV) from the reactor) will result in a sudden decrease in the proportion of steam to liquid water inside the reactor. The increased ratio of water to steam will lead to increased neutron moderation, which in turn will cause an increase in the power output of the reactor. This type of event is referred to as a "pressure transient".
Safety systems.
The BWR is specifically designed to respond to pressure transients, having a "pressure suppression" type of design which vents overpressure using safety-relief valves to below the surface of a pool of liquid water within the containment, known as the "wetwell", "torus" or "suppression pool". All BWRs utilize a number of safety/relief valves for overpressure, up to 7 of these are a part of the Automatic Depressurization System (ADS) and 18 safety overpressure relief valves on ABWR models, only a few of which have to function to stop the pressure rise of a transient. In addition, the reactor will already have rapidly shut down before the transient affects the RPV (as described in the Reactor Protection System section below.)
Because of this effect in BWRs, operating components and safety systems are designed with the intention that no credible scenario can cause a pressure and power increase that exceeds the systems' capability to quickly shut down the reactor before damage to the fuel or to components containing the reactor coolant can occur. In the limiting case of an ATWS (Anticipated Transient Without Scram) derangement, high neutron power levels (~ 200%) can occur for less than a second, after which actuation of SRVs will cause the pressure to rapidly drop off. Neutronic power will fall to far below nominal power (the range of 30% with the cessation of circulation, and thus, void clearance) even before ARI or SLCS actuation occurs. Thermal power will be barely affected.
In the event of a contingency that disables all of the safety systems, each reactor is surrounded by a containment building consisting of 1.2–2.4 m (4–8 ft) of steel-reinforced, pre-stressed concrete designed to seal off the reactor from the environment.
However, the containment building does not protect the fuel during the whole fuel cycle. Most importantly, the spent fuel resides long periods of time outside the primary containment. A typical spent fuel storage pool can hold roughly five times the fuel in the core. Since reloads typically discharge one third of a core, much of the spent fuel stored in the pool will have had considerable decay time. But if the pool were to be drained of water, the discharged fuel from the previous two refuelings would still be "fresh" enough to melt under decay heat. However, the zircaloy cladding of this fuel could be ignited during the heatup. The resulting fire would probably spread to most or all of the fuel in the pool. The heat of combustion, in combination with decay heat, would probably drive "borderline aged" fuel into a molten condition. Moreover, if the fire becomes oxygen-starved (quite probable for a fire located in the bottom of a pit such as this), the hot zirconium would rob oxygen from the uranium dioxide fuel, forming a liquid mixture of metallic uranium, zirconium, oxidized zirconium, and dissolved uranium dioxide. This would cause a release of fission products from the fuel matrix quite comparable to that of molten fuel. In addition, although confined, BWR spent fuel pools are almost always located outside of the primary containment. Generation of hydrogen during the process would probably result in an explosion, damaging the secondary containment building. Thus, release to the atmosphere is more likely than for comparable accidents involving the reactor core.
Reactor Protection System (RPS).
The Reactor Protection System (RPS) is a system, computerized in later BWR models, that is designed to automatically, rapidly, and completely shut down and make safe the Nuclear Steam Supply System (NSSS – the reactor pressure vessel, pumps, and water/steam piping within the containment) if some event occurs that could result in the reactor entering an unsafe operating condition. In addition, the RPS can automatically spin up the Emergency Core Cooling System (ECCS) upon detection of several signals. It does not require human intervention to operate. However, the reactor operators can override parts of the RPS if necessary. If an operator recognizes a deteriorating condition, and knows an automatic safety system will activate, they are trained to pre-emptively activate the safety system.
If the reactor is at power or ascending to power (i.e. if the reactor is supercritical; the control rods are withdrawn to the point where the reactor generates more neutrons than it absorbs), there are safety-related contingencies that may arise that necessitate a rapid shutdown of the reactor, or, in Western nuclear parlance, a "SCRAM". The SCRAM is a manually triggered or automatically triggered rapid insertion of all control rods into the reactor, which will take the reactor to decay heat power levels within tens of seconds. Since ≈ 0.6% of neutrons are emitted from fission products ("delayed" neutrons), which are born seconds or minutes after fission, all fission can not be terminated instantaneously, but the fuel soon returns to decay heat power levels. Manual SCRAMs may be initiated by the reactor operators, while automatic SCRAMs are initiated upon:
Emergency core-cooling system (ECCS).
While the reactor protection system is designed to shut down the reactor, ECCS is designed to maintain adequate core cooling. The ECCS is a set of interrelated safety systems that are designed to protect the fuel within the reactor pressure vessel, which is referred to as the "reactor core", from overheating. The five criteria for ECCS are to prevent peak fuel cladding temperature from exceeding 2200°F, prevent more than 17% oxidation of the fuel cladding, prevent more than 1% of the maximum theoretical hydrogen generation due the zircalloy metal-water reaction, maintain a coolable geometry, and allow for long-term cooling.
ECCS systems accomplish this by maintaining reactor pressure vessel (RPV) cooling water level, or if that is impossible, by directly flooding the core with coolant.
These systems are of three major types:
High-pressure coolant injection system (HPCI).
The high-pressure coolant injection system is the first line of defense in the emergency core cooling system. HPCI is designed to inject substantial quantities of water into the reactor while it is at high pressure so as to prevent the activation of the automatic depressurization, core spray, and low-pressure coolant injection systems. HPCI is powered by steam from the reactor, and takes approximately 10 seconds to spin up from an initiating signal, and can deliver approximately 19,000 L/min (5,000 US gal/min) to the core at any core pressure above 6.8 atm (690 kPa, 100 psi). This is usually enough to keep water levels sufficient to avoid automatic depressurization except in a major contingency, such as a large break in the makeup water line.
Versioning note: Some BWR/5s and the BWR/6 replace the steam-turbine driven HPCI pump with the AC-powered high-pressure core spray (HPCS); ABWR replaces HPCI with high-pressure core flooder (HPCF), a mode of the RCIC system, as described below. (E)SBWR does not have an equivalent system as it primarily uses passive safety cooling systems, though ESBWR does offer an alternative active high-pressure injection method using an operating mode of the Control Rod Drive System (CRDS) to supplement the passive system.
Isolation Condenser (IC).
Some reactors, including some BWR/2 and BWR/3 plants, and the (E)SBWR series of reactors, have a passive system called the Isolation Condenser. This is a heat exchanger located above containment in a pool of water open to atmosphere. 
In operation, decay heat boils steam, which is drawn into the heat exchanger and condensed; then it falls by weight of gravity back into the reactor. This process keeps the cooling water in the reactor, making it unnecessary to use powered feedwater pumps. The water in the open pool slowly boils off, venting clean steam to the atmosphere. This makes it unnecessary to run mechanical systems to remove heat. Periodically, the pool must be refilled, a simple task for a fire truck. The (E)SBWR reactors provide three days' supply of water in the pool. Some older reactors also have IC systems, including Fukushima Dai-ichi reactor 1, however their water pools may not be as large.
Under normal conditions, the IC system is not activated, but the top of the IC condenser is connected to the reactor's steam lines through an open valve. Steam enters the IC condenser and condenses until it is filled with water. When the IC system is activated, a valve at the bottom of the IC condenser is opened which connects to a lower area on the reactor. The water falls to the reactor via gravity, allowing the condenser to fill with steam, which then condenses. This cycle runs continuously until the bottom valve is closed.
Reactor core isolation cooling system (RCIC).
The reactor core isolation cooling system is not an emergency core cooling system proper, but is included because it fulfills an important-to-safety function to can help cool the reactor in the event of a loss of normal heat sink or loss of all electrical power. It has additional functionality in advanced versions of the BWR.
RCIC is an auxiliary feedwater pump meant for emergency use. It is able to inject cooling water into the reactor at high pressures. It injects approximately 2,000 L/min (600 gpm) into the reactor core. It takes less time to start than the HPCI system, approximately 30 seconds from an initiating signal. It has ample capacity to replace the cooling water boiled off by residual decay heat, and can even keep up with small leaks.
The RCIC system operates on high-pressure steam from the reactor itself, and thus is operable with no electric power other than battery power to operate the control valves. Those turn the RCIC on and off as necessary to maintain correct water levels in the reactor. (If run continuously, the RCIC would overfill the reactor and send water down its own steam supply line.) During a station blackout (where all off-site power is lost and the diesel generators fail) the RCIC system may be "black started" with no AC and manually activated. The RCIC system condenses its steam into the reactor suppression pool. The RCIC can make up this water loss, from either of two sources: a makeup water tank located outside containment, or the wetwell itself.
Versioning note: RCIC and HPCF are integrated in the ABWRs, with HPCF representing the high-capacity mode of RCIC. Older BWRs such as Fukushima Unit 1 and Dresden as well as the new (E)SBWR do not have a RCIC system, and instead have an Isolation Condenser system.
Automatic depressurization system (ADS).
The Automatic depressurization system is not a part of the cooling system proper, but is an essential adjunct to the ECCS. It is designed to activate in the event that there is either a loss of high-pressure cooling to the vessel or if the high-pressure cooling systems cannot maintain the RPV water level. ADS can be manually or automatically initiated. When ADS receives an auto-start signal when water reaches the Low-Low-Low Water Level Alarm setpoint. ADS then confirms with the Low Alarm Water Level, verifies at least 1 low-pressure cooling pump is in standby, and starts a 105-second timer. When the timer expires, or when the manual ADS initiate buttons are pressed, the system rapidly releases pressure from the RPV in the form of steam through pipes that are piped to below the water level in the suppression pool (the torus/wetwell), which is designed to condense the steam released by ADS or other safety valve activation into water), bringing the reactor vessel below 32 atm (3200 kPa, 465 psi), allowing the low-pressure cooling systems (LPCS/LPCI/LPCF/GDCS) to restore reactor water level.
Low-pressure core spray system (LPCS).
The low-pressure core spray system is designed to suppress steam generated by a major contingency. As such, it prevents reactor vessel pressure from going above the point where LPCI and LPCS would be ineffective, which is above 32 atm (3200 kPa, 465 psi). It activates below that level, and delivers approximately 48,000 L/min (12,500 US gal/min) of water in a deluge from the top of the core. The core spray system collapses steam voids above the core, aids in reducing reactor pressure when the fuel is uncovered, and, in the event the reactor has a break so large that water level cannot be maintained, core spray is capable of preventing fuel damage by ensuring the fuel is adequately sprayed to remove decay heat.
Versioning note: In ABWRs and (E)SBWRs, there are additional water spray systems to cool the drywell and the suppression pool.
Low-pressure coolant injection system (LPCI).
The low-pressure coolant injection function is the emergency mode of the Residual Heat Removal (RHR) system, and is the "heavy artillery" of the ECCS. The LPCI function can be operated at reactor vessel pressures below 465 psi. LPCI consists of several pumps which are capable of injecting a mammoth 150,000 L/min (40,000 US gal/min) of water into the core . Combined with the Core Spray system to keep steam pressure low, the LPCI is designed to suppress contingencies by rapidly and completely flooding the core with coolant.
Versioning note: ABWRs replace LPCI with low-pressure core flooder (LPCF), which operates using similar principles. (E)SBWRs replace LPCI with the DPVS/PCCS/GDCS, as described below.
Depressurization valve system (DPVS) / passive containment cooling system (PCCS) / gravity-driven cooling system (GDCS).
The (E)SBWR has an additional ECCS capacity that is completely passive, quite unique, and significantly improves defense in depth. This system is activated when the water level within the RPV reaches Level 1. At this point, a countdown timer is started.
There are several large depressurization valves located near the top of the reactor pressure vessel. These constitute the DPVS. This is a capability supplemental to the ADS, which is also included on the (E)SBWR. The DPVS consists of eight of these valves, four on main steamlines that vent to the drywell when actuated and four venting directly into the drywell.
If Level 1 is not resubmerged within 50 seconds of the timer starting, DPVS will fire and will rapidly vent any pressure contained within the reactor pressure vessel into the drywell. This will cause the water within the RPV to gain in volume (due to the drop in pressure) which will increase the water available to cool the core. In addition, the depressurization will cause a lower boiling point, and thus more steam bubbles will form, decreasing moderation; this, in turn, decreases decay heat production, while still maintaining adequate cooling. (In fact, both the ESBWR and the ABWR are designed so that even in the maximum feasible contingency, the core never loses its layer of water coolant.)
If Level 1 is still not resubmerged within 100 seconds of DPVS actuation, then the GDCS valves fire. The GDCS is a series of very large water tanks located above and to the side of the Reactor Pressure Vessel within the drywell. When these valves fire, the GDCS is directly connected to the RPV. After ~50 more seconds of depressurization, the pressure within the GDCS will equalize with that of the RPV and drywell, and the water of the GDCS will begin flowing into the RPV.
The water within the RPV will boil into steam from the decay heat, and natural convection will cause it to travel upwards into the drywell, into piping assemblies in the ceiling that will take the steam to four large heat exchangers – the Passive Containment Cooling System (PCCS) – located above the drywell – in deep pools of water. The steam will be cooled, and will condense back into liquid water. The liquid water will drain from the heat exchanger back into the GDCS pool, where it can flow back into the RPV to make up for additional water boiled by decay heat. In addition, if the GDCS lines break, the shape of the RPV and the drywell will ensure that a "lake" of liquid water forms that submerges the bottom of the RPV (and the core within).
There is sufficient water to cool the heat exchangers of the PCCS for 72 hours. At this point, all that needs to happen is for the pools that cool the PCCS heat exchangers to be refilled, which is a comparatively trivial operation, doable with a portable fire pump and hoses.
GE has a computerized animation of how the ESBWR functions during a pipe break incident on their website.
Standby liquid control system (SLCS).
The standby liquid control system is used in the event of major contingencies as a last measure to prevent core damage. It is not intended ever to be used, as the RPS and ECCS are designed to respond to all contingencies, even if a quite a few of their components fail, but if a complete ECCS failure occurs, during a limiting fault, it could be the only thing capable of preventing core damage. The SLCS consists of a tank containing borated water as a neutron absorber, protected by explosively-opened valves and redundant battery-operated pumps, allowing the injection of the borated water into the reactor against any pressure within; the borated water can and will shut down a reactor gone out of control. The SLCS also provides an additional layer of defense in depth against an ATWS derangement, but this is an extreme measure that can be avoided by numerous other channels (ARI and use of redundant hydraulics).
Versioning note: The SLCS is a system that is never meant to be activated unless all other measures have failed. In the BWR/1 – BWR/6, its activation could cause sufficient damage to the plant that it could make the older BWRs inoperable without a complete overhaul. With the arrival of the ABWR and (E)SBWR, operators do not have to be as reticent about activating the SLCS, as these reactors have a Reactor Water Cleanup System (RWCS) which is designed to remove Boron – once the reactor has stabilized, the borated water within the RPV can be filtered through this system to promptly remove the soluble neutron absorbers that it contains and thus avoid damage to the internals of the plant.
Containment system.
The ultimate safety system inside and outside of every BWR are the numerous levels of physical shielding that both protect the reactor from the outside world and protect the outside world from the reactor.
There are five levels of shielding:
If every possible measure standing between safe operation and core damage fails, the containment can be sealed indefinitely, and it will prevent any substantial release of radiation to the environment from occurring in nearly any circumstance.
Varieties of BWR containments.
As illustrated by the descriptions of the systems above, BWRs are quite divergent in design from PWRs. Unlike the PWR, which has generally followed a very predictable external containment design (the stereotypical dome atop a cylinder), BWR containments are varied in external form but their internal distinctiveness is extremely striking in comparison to the PWR. There are five major varieties of BWR containments:
Containment Isolation System.
Many valves passing in and out of the containment are required to be open to operate the facility. During an accident where radioactive material may be released, these valves must shut to prevent the release of radioactive material or the loss of reactor coolant. The containment isolation system is responsible for automatically closing these valves to prevent the release of radioactive material and is an important part of a plant's safety analysis. The isolation system is separated into groups for major system functions. Each group contains its own criteria to trigger an isolation. The isolation system is similar to reactor protection system in that it consists of multiple channels, it is classified as safety-related, and that it requires confirmatory signals from multiple channels to issue an isolation to a system. An example of parameters which are monitored by the isolation system include containment pressure, acoustic or thermal leak detection, differential flow, high steam or coolant flow, low reactor water level, or high radiation readings in the containment building or ventilation system. These isolation signals will lock out all of the valves in the group after closing them and must have all signals cleared before the lockout can be reset.
Isolation valves consist of 2 safety-related valves in series. One is an inboard valve, the other is an outboard valve. The inboard is located inside the containment, and the outboard is located just outside of the containment. This provides redundancy as well as making the system immune to the single failure of any inboard or outboard valve operator or isolation signal. When an isolation signal is given to a group, both the inboard and outboard valves stroke closed. Tests of isolation logic must be performed regularly and is a part of each plant's technical specifications. The timing of these valves to stroke closed is a component of each plant's safety analysis and failure to close in the analyzed time is a reportable event.
Examples of isolation groups include the main steamlines, the reactor water cleanup system, the reactor core isolation cooling (RCIC) system, shutdown cooling, and the residual heat removal system. For pipes which inject water into the containment, two safety-related check valves are generally used in lieu of motor operated valves. These valves must be tested regularly as well to ensure they do indeed seal and prevent leakage even against high reactor pressures.
Hydrogen management.
During normal plant operations and in normal operating temperatures, the hydrogen generation is not significant. When the nuclear fuel overheats, zirconium in Zircaloy cladding used in fuel rods oxidizes in reaction with steam:
When mixed with air, hydrogen is flammable, and hydrogen detonation or deflagration may damage the reactor containment. In reactor designs with small containment volumes, such as in Mark I or II containments, the preferred method for managing hydrogen is pre-inerting with inert gas—generally nitrogen—to reduce the oxygen concentration in air below that needed for hydrogen combustion, and the use of thermal recombiners. Pre-inerting is considered impractical with larger containment volumes where thermal recombiners and deliberate ignition are used. Mark III containments have hydrogen igniters and hydrogen mixers which are designed to prevent the buildup of hydrogen through either pre-ignition prior to exceeding the lower explosive limit of 4%, or through recombination with Oxygen to make water.
The safety systems in action: the Design Basis Accident.
The Design Basis Accident (DBA) for a nuclear power plant is the most severe possible single accident that the designers of the plant and the regulatory authorities could reasonably expect. It is, also, by definition, the accident the safety systems of the reactor are designed to respond to successfully, even if it occurs when the reactor is in its most vulnerable state. The DBA for the BWR consists of the total rupture of a large coolant pipe in the location that is considered to place the reactor in the most danger of harm—specifically, for older BWRs (BWR/1-BWR/6), the DBA consists of a "guillotine break" in the coolant loop of one of the recirculation jet pumps, which is substantially below the core waterline (LBLOCA, large break loss of coolant accident) combined with loss of feedwater to make up for the water boiled in the reactor (LOFW, loss of proper feedwater), combined with a simultaneous collapse of the regional power grid, resulting in a loss of power to certain reactor emergency systems (LOOP, loss of offsite power). The BWR is designed to shrug this accident off without core damage.
The description of this accident is applicable for the BWR/4.
The immediate result of such a break (call it time T+0) would be a pressurized stream of water well above the boiling point shooting out of the broken pipe into the drywell, which is at atmospheric pressure. As this water stream flashes into steam, due to the decrease in pressure and that it is above the water boiling point at normal atmospheric pressure, the pressure sensors within the drywell will report a pressure increase anomaly within it to the reactor protection system at latest T+0.3. The RPS will interpret this pressure increase signal, correctly, as the sign of a break in a pipe within the drywell. As a result, the RPS immediately initiates a full SCRAM, closes the main steam isolation valve (isolating the containment building), trips the turbines, attempts to begin the spinup of RCIC and HPCI, using residual steam, and starts the diesel pumps for LPCI and CS.
Now let us assume that the power outage hits at "T"+0.5. The RPS is on a float uninterruptable power supply, so it continues to function; its sensors, however, are not, and thus the RPS assumes that they are all detecting emergency conditions. Within less than a second from power outage, auxiliary batteries and compressed air supplies are starting the Emergency Diesel Generators. Power will be restored by "T"+25 seconds.
Let us return to the reactor core. Due to the closure of the MSIV (complete by "T"+2), a wave of backpressure will hit the rapidly depressurizing RPV but this is immaterial, as the depressurization due to the recirculation line break is so rapid and complete that no steam voids will likely collapse to liquid water. HPCI and RCIC will fail due to loss of steam pressure in the general depressurization, but this is again immaterial, as the 2,000 L/min (600 US gal/min) flow rate of RCIC available after "T"+5 is insufficient to maintain the water level; nor would the 19,000 L/min (5,000 US gal/min) flow of HPCI, available at "T"+10, be enough to maintain the water level, if it could work without steam. At "T"+10, the temperature of the reactor core, at approximately 285 °C (550 °F) at and before this point, begins to rise as enough coolant has been lost from the core that voids begin to form in the coolant between the fuel rods and they begin to heat rapidly. By "T"+12 seconds from the accident start, fuel rod uncovery begins. At approximately "T"+18 areas in the rods have reached 540 °C (1000 °F). Some relief comes at "T"+20 or so, as the negative temperature coefficient and the negative void coefficient slows the rate of temperature increase. "T"+25 sees power restored; however, LPCI and CS will not be online until "T"+40.
At "T"+40, core temperature is at 650 °C (1200 °F) and rising steadily; CS and LPCI kick in and begins deluging the steam above the core, and then the core itself. First, a large amount of steam still trapped above and within the core has to be knocked down first, or the water will be flashed to steam prior to it hitting the rods. This happens after a few seconds, as the approximately 200,000 L/min (3,300 L/s, 52,500 US gal/min, 875 US gal/s) of water these systems release begin to cool first the top of the core, with LPCI deluging the fuel rods, and CS suppressing the generated steam until at approximately "T"+100 seconds, all of the fuel is now subject to deluge and the last remaining hot-spots at the bottom of the core are now being cooled. The peak temperature that was attained was 900 °C (1650 °F) (well below the maximum of 1200 °C (2200 °F) established by the NRC) at the bottom of the core, which was the last hot spot to be affected by the water deluge.
The core is cooled rapidly and completely, and following cooling to a reasonable temperature, below that consistent with the generation of steam, CS is shut down and LPCI is decreased in volume to a level consistent with maintenance of a steady-state temperature among the fuel rods, which will drop over a period of days due to the decrease in fission-product decay heat within the core.
After a few days of LPCI, decay heat will have sufficiently abated to the point that defueling of the reactor is able to commence with a degree of caution. Following defueling, LPCI can be shut down. A long period of physical repairs will be necessary to repair the broken recirculation loop; overhaul the ECCS; diesel pumps; and diesel generators; drain the drywell; fully inspect all reactor systems, bring non-conformal systems up to spec, replace old and worn parts, etc. At the same time, different personnel from the licensee working hand in hand with the NRC will evaluate what the immediate cause of the break was; search for what event led to the immediate cause of the break (the root causes of the accident); and then to analyze the root causes and take corrective actions based on the root causes and immediate causes discovered. This is followed by a period to generally reflect and post-mortem the accident, discuss what procedures worked, what procedures didn't, and if it all happened again, what could have been done better, and what could be done to ensure it doesn't happen again; and to record lessons learned to propagate them to other BWR licensees. When this is accomplished, the reactor can be refueled, resume operations, and begin producing power once more.
The ABWR and ESBWR, the most recent models of the BWR, are not vulnerable to anything like this incident in the first place, as they have no liquid penetrations (pipes) lower than several feet above the waterline of the core, and thus, the reactor pressure vessel holds in water much like a deep swimming pool in the event of a feedwater line break or a steam line break. The BWR 5s and 6s have additional tolerance, deeper water levels, and much faster emergency system reaction times. Fuel rod uncovery will briefly take place, but maximum temperature will only reach 600 °C (1,100 °F), far below the NRC safety limit.
According to a report by the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission into the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster, the March 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami that caused that disaster was an event "far more severe than the design basis for the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant". The reactors at this plant were BWR 3 and BWR 4 models. Their primary containment vessels had to be flooded with seawater containing boric acid, which will preclude any resumption of operation and was not anticipated in the DBA scenario. In addition, nothing similar to the chemical explosions that occurred at the Fukushima Daiichi plant was anticipated by the DBA.
Prior to the Fukashima Daiichi disaster, no incident approaching the DBA or even a LBLOCA in severity had occurred with a BWR . There had been minor incidents involving the ECCS, but in those circumstances it had performed at or beyond expectations. The most severe incident that had previously occurred with a BWR was in 1975 due to a fire caused by extremely flammable urethane foam installed in the place of fireproofing materials at the Browns Ferry Nuclear Power Plant; for a short time, the control room's monitoring equipment was cut off from the reactor, but the reactor shut down successfully, and, as of 2009, is still producing power for the Tennessee Valley Authority, having sustained no damage to systems within the containment. The fire had nothing to do with the design of the BWR – it could have occurred in any power plant, and the lessons learned from that incident resulted in the creation of a separate backup control station, compartmentalization of the power plant into fire zones and clearly documented sets of equipment which would be available to shut down the reactor plant and maintain it in a safe condition in the event of a worst-case fire in any one fire zone. These changes were retrofitted into every existing US and most Western nuclear power plants and built into new plants from that point forth.
Notable activations of BWR safety systems.
General Electric defended the design of the reactor, stating that the station blackout caused by the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami was a "beyond-design-basis" event which led to Fukushima I nuclear accidents. According to the Nuclear Energy Institute, "Coincident long-term loss of both on-site and off-site power for an extended period of time is a beyond-design-basis event for the primary containment on any operating nuclear power plant".
The reactors shut down as designed after the earthquake. However, the tsunami disabled all diesel backup generators which operated the emergency cooling systems and pumps. Pumps were designed to circulate hot fluid from the reactor to be cooled in the wetwell, but they did not have any power. The reactor cores overheated and likely melted. Radioactivity was released into the air as fuel rods were damaged due to overheating by exposure to air as water levels fell below safe levels. As an emergency measure, operators resorted to injecting seawater into the drywell to cool the reactors, but would also ruin them for future operation. Reactors 1–3, and by some reports 4 all suffered violent hydrogen explosions March 2011 which damaged or destroyed their top levels or lower suppression level (unit 2).
As emergency measures, helicopters attempted to drop water from the ocean onto the open rooftops. Later water was sprayed from fire engines onto the roof of reactor 3. A concrete pump was used to pump water into the spent fuel pond in unit 4.
According to NISA, the accident released up to 10 petabecquerels of radioactive
iodine-131 per hour in the initial days, and up to 630 PBq total, about one eighth the 5200 PBq released at Chernobyl.
However, in view of the later scandals, NISA's data should perhaps be treated with caution.

</doc>
<doc id="31039234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039234" title="Sandwell Council election, 2010">
Sandwell Council election, 2010

The 2010 Sandwell Council election took place on 6 May 2010 to elect members of Sandwell Metropolitan Borough Council in the West Midlands, England. One third of the council was up for election and the Labour party stayed in overall control of the council.
After the election, the composition of the council was
Background.
24 seats were contested in the election with the British National Party contesting every seat for the first time, more than the Liberal Democrats who only stood in 13 seats. Labour were defending over half of the seats being contested, with the deputy leader of the council, Mahboob Hussain in Oldbury ward, being among the councillors standing for re-election.
Election result.
The results saw Labour increase their majority on the council after gaining 7 seats. Labour took 2 seats from the Conservatives, 1 from the Liberal Democrats, 2 from the British National Party and 2 from independents. This meant Labour had 56 seats, compared to 12 for the Conservatives and 4 for the Liberal Democrats. Meanwhile the British National Party losses in Princes End and Tividale meant the party no longer had any seats on the council.

</doc>
<doc id="31039255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039255" title="Mark Harbers">
Mark Harbers

Markus Gerardus Jozef (Mark) Harbers (born 19 April 1969 in Ede) is a Dutch politician and former communication employee. As a member of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (Volkspartij voor Vrijheid en Democratie) he has been an MP since 1 December 2009. He focuses on matters of finance.
Harbers was a member of the municipality of the ward Kralingen-Crooswijk (Rotterdam) from 1992 to 1998 and a member of the municipality of Rotterdam from 2002 to 2007. He was also an alderman of Rotterdam from 2007 to 2009.
He studied economics at Erasmus University Rotterdam (unfinished).

</doc>
<doc id="31039265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039265" title="United States v. Windsor">
United States v. Windsor

United States v. Windsor, (Docket No. ), is a landmark case in which the United States Supreme Court held that restricting U.S. federal interpretation of "marriage" and "spouse" to apply only to heterosexual unions, by Section 3 of the Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA), is unconstitutional under the Due Process Clause of the Fifth Amendment, because doing so "disparageand ... injure[s those whom the State, by its marriage laws, sought to protect in personhood and dignity."
Edith Windsor and Thea Spyer, a same-sex couple residing in New York, were lawfully married in Ontario, Canada in 2007. Spyer died in 2009, leaving her entire estate to Windsor. Windsor sought to claim the federal estate tax exemption for surviving spouses. She was barred from doing so by Section 3 of DOMA (codified at ), which provided that the term "spouse" only applied to marriages between a man and woman. The Internal Revenue Service found that the exemption did not apply to same-sex marriages, denied Windsor's claim, and compelled her to pay $363,053 in estate taxes.
On November 9, 2010, a lawsuit was filed against the federal government in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, where Windsor sought a refund because DOMA singled out legally married same-sex couples for "differential treatment compared to other similarly situated couples without justification." On February 23, 2011, U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder issued a statement from the Obama administration that agreed with the plaintiff's position that DOMA violated the U.S. Constitution and said he would no longer defend the law in court. On April 18, 2011, Paul Clement, representing the Bipartisan Legal Advisory Group (BLAG) continued defense of the law. On June 6, 2012, Judge Barbara S. Jones ruled that Section 3 of DOMA was unconstitutional under the due process guarantees of the Fifth Amendment and ordered the federal government to issue the tax refund, including interest. The U.S. Second Circuit Court of Appeals affirmed the decision on October 18, 2012.
BLAG petitioned the U.S. Supreme Court to review the decision, and the Court issued a writ of certiorari in December 2012. On March 27, 2013, the court heard oral arguments. On June 26, 2013, the U.S. Supreme Court issued a 5–4 decision declaring Section 3 of DOMA to be unconstitutional "as a deprivation of the liberty of the person protected by the Fifth Amendment."
On the same day, the court also issued a separate 5–4 decision in "Hollingsworth v. Perry" — a case related to California's constitutional amendment initiative barring same-sex marriage. The decision effectively allowed same-sex marriages in that state to resume after the court ruled that the proponents of the initiative lacked Article III standing to appeal in federal court based on its established interpretation of the case or controversy clause.
Background.
In 2007, Edith "Edie" Windsor and Thea Spyer, residents of New York, married in Toronto, Ontario, under the provisions set forth in the Canadian Civil Marriage Act, after 40 years of romantic partnership. Canada's first openly gay judge, Justice Harvey Brownstone, officiated. Windsor had first suggested engagement in 1965. After Spyer's death in 2009, Windsor was required to pay $363,053 in federal estate taxes on her inheritance of her wife's estate. If federal law had recognized the validity of their marriage, Windsor would have qualified for an unlimited spousal deduction and paid no federal estate taxes. In May 2008, New York Governor David Paterson had ordered state agencies to recognize same-sex marriages performed in other jurisdictions. Some lower-level state courts had made similar rulings, but whether the state's highest court would give such a ruling the force of law, as Windsor's claim for a refund required, remained uncertain and was disputed throughout her lawsuit.
Windsor at first asked several gay rights advocacy groups to represent her, but none would take the case. Finally, she was referred to Roberta Kaplan, a partner at the law firm of Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP, who later recalled: "When I heard her story, it took me about five seconds, maybe less, to agree to represent her". Kaplan had unsuccessfully represented the plaintiffs in a 2006 case that challenged the inability of same-sex couples to marry under New York law, "Hernández v. Robles".
District Court.
Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison, in conjunction with the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU), filed the case in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York on behalf of Windsor as executor of Spyer's estate on November 9, 2010.
On February 23, 2011, Attorney General Eric Holder released a statement regarding two lawsuits challenging DOMA Section 3, "Windsor" and "Pedersen v. Office of Personnel Management". It explained that the Obama administration had determined that classifications based on sexual orientation should be subject to heightened scrutiny, and therefore it could no longer defend the constitutionality of DOMA's Section 3.
The administration continued enforcing the law until it was declared unconstitutional by the Supreme Court. On April 18, 2011, Paul Clement, representing the Bipartisan Legal Advisory Group of the House of Representatives (BLAG), filed a motion asking to be allowed to intervene in the suit "for the limited purpose of defending the constitutionality of Section III" of DOMA. The Department of Justice did not oppose the motion.
Windsor filed a motion for summary judgment on June 24. New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman filed a brief supporting Windsor's claim on July 26, 2011, arguing that DOMA Section 3 could not survive the scrutiny used for classifications based on sex and constitutes "an intrusion on the power of the state to define marriage." On August 1, 2011, BLAG filed a brief opposing Windsor's motion for summary judgment on the grounds that sexual orientation is not subject to heightened scrutiny.
On June 6, 2012, Judge Barbara S. Jones ruled that a rational basis review of Section 3 of DOMA showed it to be unconstitutional, as it violated plaintiff's rights under the equal protection guarantees of the Fifth Amendment, and ordered that Windsor receive the tax refund due to her. Where BLAG had argued that the Spyer-Windsor marriage was not recognized by New York law at the time of Spyer's death–a prerequisite for Windsor's claim against the IRS–Jones cited the "informal opinion letters" of the state's governor, attorney general, and comptroller to the contrary along with several opinions in New York appellate courts. The plaintiff said afterward: "It's thrilling to have a court finally recognize how unfair it is for the government to have treated us as though we were strangers."
Court of Appeals.
Despite its approval of the ruling, the Justice Department filed a notice of appeal on June 14, 2012 to facilitate BLAG's defense of the statute. BLAG filed a motion to dismiss the DOJ's Second Circuit appeal on July 19, claiming the DOJ lacks standing because it prevailed in the District Court. Meanwhile, Windsor filed a petition of certiorari before judgment with the Supreme Court on July 16, 2012, asking for the case to be considered without waiting for the Second Circuit's review, citing the plaintiff's age and poor health. The DOJ replied to BLAG's motion to dismiss, asserting: (1) its standing as an "aggrieved party", because the District Court's stay prevents the DOJ from taking steps to cease enforcement of Section 3 of DOMA; and (2) that its participation ensures consideration of the constitutional issue if the Second Circuit or the Supreme Court determines that BLAG lacks standing.
On September 27, Chief Judge Dennis Jacobs and Judges Chester J. Straub and Christopher F. Droney heard arguments in the case. On October 18, the Second Circuit Court of Appeals upheld the lower court's ruling that Section 3 of DOMA is unconstitutional. The majority opinion stated, "It is easy to conclude that homosexuals have suffered a history of discrimination." Thus they were part of a quasi-suspect class that deserves any law restricting its rights to be subjected to intermediate scrutiny. Because DOMA could not pass that test, Judge Jacobs wrote, it is unconstitutional under the equal protection guarantees of the Fifth Amendment.
It was the first federal court of appeals decision to hold that laws that classify people based on sexual orientation should be subject to heightened scrutiny. Like the lower court, the Second Circuit held that the Spyer-Windsor marriage was valid under New York law, citing precedents on that question from several state appellate court decisions, two of which preceded Spyer's death.
Supreme Court.
On September 11, 2012, following Windsor's petition for certiorari before judgment and before the Second Circuit's ruling, the Department of Justice filed its own petition for certiorari before judgment with the Supreme Court. After the appellate ruling on October 18, the parties filed supplemental briefs. On December 7, the Supreme Court granted certiorari in the case, now "United States v. Windsor", accepting the DOJ's petition.
In addition to the question presented by the DOJ – "Whether Section 3 of DOMA violates the Fifth Amendment's guarantee of equal protection" for same sex partners – the court also asked the parties to brief and argue two other questions: whether the government's agreement with the Second Circuit's decision deprived the court of a "real dispute" and therefore of jurisdiction to hear the case, and whether BLAG had standing in its own right, i.e., the legal right to independently ask for the appeal to be heard in the event that the government was not a valid petitioner. Article III of the Constitution (the "Case or Controversy clause") forbids parties that do not themselves have a "real" and "personal" ("particularized") complaint from filing a case or appeal in a federal court. A finding that the government lacked a "real" complaint because of its approval of the prior ruling and that BLAG lacked legal standing to appeal separately, would have automatically led to the appeal being dismissed, as ultimately happened in the parallel same-sex marriage case "Hollingsworth v. Perry".
Windsor noted in a statement that when she and her partner met nearly 50 years prior that they both never dreamed their marriage would land before the Supreme Court "as an example of why gay married couples should be treated equally, and not like second-class citizens." Noting that her deceased wife would be proud, Windsor added, "The truth is, I never expected any less from my country."
On December 11, the Supreme Court appointed Vicki C. Jackson, a professor of constitutional law at Harvard Law School, as an "amicus curiae" to argue the two additional questions it posed. BLAG also filed its own petition for certiorari, in order to enable the court to rule on the constitutionality of DOMA, even if it were to decide that it lacked jurisdiction to hear the DOJ's petition. The Supreme Court heard oral arguments on March 27, 2013.
Opinion of the Court.
Majority opinion.
In a 5–4 decision issued on June 26, 2013, the Supreme Court found Section 3 of DOMA (codified at ) to be unconstitutional, "as a deprivation of the liberty of the person protected by the Fifth Amendment". The Court held that the Constitution prevented the federal government from treating state-sanctioned heterosexual marriages differently than state-sanctioned same-sex marriages, and that such differentiation "demean the couple, whose moral and sexual choices the Constitution protects." Justice Anthony Kennedy authored the majority opinion, joined by Justices Ginsburg, Breyer, Sotomayor, and Kagan. Kennedy's decision to strike down a central part of DOMA cited the principles of state autonomy, equal protection and liberty, but the constitutional basis for striking down the law was not entirely clear, as it had elements of federalism, equal protection and due process.
The Court wrote:
Dissents.
Chief Justice John Roberts and Justices Antonin Scalia and Samuel Alito authored dissenting opinions, which Justice Clarence Thomas joined.
Justice Scalia's dissent, which was joined in full by Justice Thomas and in part by Justice Roberts, opens as follows:
He continues:
Scalia wrote in his dissent that the majority justices, through their opinion, resorted to calling opponents of same-sex marriage "enemies of the human race".</ref>
He argues that the Court's ruling would impact state bans on same-sex marriage as well, writing:
In his concluding paragraph, Scalia wrote that the Supreme Court "has cheated both sides, robbing the winners of an honest victory, and the losers of the peace that comes from a fair defeat." 
The opinions of Roberts and Scalia offered different interpretations of the majority ruling. Roberts felt that the majority opinion was based on federalism, finding DOMA unconstitutional because the federal government was interfering with state control of marriage. He wrote: "The dominant theme of the majority opinion is that the Federal Government’s intrusion into an area 'central to state domestic relations law applicable to its residents and citizens' is sufficiently 'unusual' to set off alarm bells... ts judgment is based on federalism." Scalia was uncertain whether the majority relied upon that federalism argument or based its decision on Equal Protection grounds, writing, "if this is meant to be an equal-protection opinion, it is a confusing one."
Responses and analysis.
Presidential response.
After the decision was announced, President Obama hailed the ruling as a "victory for American democracy". On the question of how the ruling would affect bans on same-sex marriage in those states that prohibit it, Obama said: "My personal belief, but I'm speaking now as a president as opposed to as a lawyer, is that if you've been married in Massachusetts and you move someplace else, you're still married, and that under federal law you should be able to obtain the benefits of any lawfully married couple".
Legal response.
Laurence Tribe, a professor of constitutional law at Harvard Law School, described Scalia's response and dissent as "intemperate", "extraordinary", and "at the very least, an exercise in jurisprudential cynicism". He considered that Scalia appeared to have been unable to resist "the temptation to use the occasion to insult the Court's majority, and Justice Kennedy in particular, in essentially "ad hominem" terms," and that he wrote "principally to highlight the extraordinary character of this particularly vitriolic and internally inconsistent dissent". In his analysis, he comments that Scalia opined "about how the Court should have decided the very controversy that he says wasn't really before it", that "To accuse the majority of arrogance and then reach the merits after saying that the Court lacks jurisdiction to address the case requires no small dose of chutzpah", and that "Scalia didn't so much as consider the possibility ... that considerations of federalism might point to a particularly rigorous examination of the purported justifications for a measure like Section 3." He concluded that in making his predictive statement about the future precedent of the case, "Justice Scalia was engaging in a bait-and-switch unworthy of so serious and smart a jurist". It is noteworthy, however, that a number of commentators now agree that Justice Scalia's legal foresight was largely correct; that the Court's ambiguity surrounding the legal standard of review it chose to apply, in an attempt to leave the question of the constitutionality of state laws against same-sex marriage for another day, has opened the door for federal judges around the country to strike down existing state marriage laws as unconstitutional.
Neil Siegel, a professor of constitutional law at Duke Law School, wrote that Justice Roberts' dissent relying on federalism was a fallacy in that the majority did not place any weight in the federalism argument, but rather used "federalism as a waystation" to put off making a decision on the constitutionality of state laws concerning same-sex marriage.
Subsequent developments.
A day after the decision in "Windsor", the federal judge hearing "McLaughlin v. Panetta" asked the parties to explain by July 18 why the logic that found DOMA's section 3 unconstitutional did not apply equally to federal regulations that control eligibility for veterans' spousal benefits, which define "spouse" as "a person of the opposite sex." On July 18, 2013, BLAG stated in a court filing that in light of "Windsor", they would no longer seek to defend this case or similar statutes in court, and sought leave to withdraw from defending the case.
In September 2013, a New Jersey judge ruled that the state's refusal to issue same-sex marriage licenses contradicted "Windsor". Governor Chris Christie dropped his appeal of this ruling in October 2013 after the State Supreme Court signaled that they were likely to reject his appeal, making New Jersey the 14th state in the union to permit gay marriage.
Following the Supreme Court's decision in "Windsor" and the New Mexico Supreme Court's ruling in "Griego v. Oliver" holding that marriage licenses must be issued to couples without respect to gender four United States District Court judges (see "Kitchen v. Herbert", "Bishop v. Oklahoma", "Bostic v. Rainey", and "De Leon v. Perry") interpreted the "Windsor" decision as meaning that state laws defining marriage as one man and one woman are likewise unconstitutional. In December 2013, a U.S. District Court judge for example ruled in "Kitchen v. Herbert" that Utah's prohibition of same-sex marriage was unconstitutional, citing "Windsor" to support his findings with respect to "Baker v. Nelson" and equal protection.
A 3-judge panel of the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals in "SmithKline Beecham v. Abbott" (Case 11-17357, Case ID:8944502) resolved a dispute between the two pharmaceutical companies SmithKline Beecham and Abbott Laboratories whether gay people could be kept off a jury in a trial involving HIV drugs. It ruled unanimously on January 21, 2014, that, based on its reading of the U.S. Supreme Court decision in "United States v. Windsor", distinctions based on sexual orientation are subject to the "heightened scrutiny" standard of review and that "equal protection prohibits peremptory strikes based on sexual orientation". The decision was not appealed.
The Ninth Circuit looked at the "Windsor" decision and ruled that the Supreme Court applied heightened scrutiny, without naming it directly: “"Windsor" review is not rational basis review. In its words and its deed, "Windsor" established a level of scrutiny for classifications based on sexual orientation that is unquestionably higher than rational basis review. In other words, "Windsor" requires that heightened scrutiny be applied to equal protection claims involving sexual orientation.” The Windsor Court, the opinion noted, reviewed the actual purposes and justifications for the law i.e. Section 3 of the federal Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA) and not under the more lenient rational basis standard where any conceivable rationale is enough to sustain a law. The Ninth Circuit court also observed that the Windsor Court shifted the burden from the same-sex couple to the government when it wrote that the government has to “"justify" disparate treatment of the group.” In sum the Ninth Circuit concluded: "In sum, "Windsor" requires that we reexamine our prior precedents, and "Witt" tells us how to interpret "Windsor". Under that analysis, we are required by "Windsor" to apply heightened scrutiny to classifications based on sexual orientation for purposes of equal protection." In holding that heightened scrutiny is required for classifications based on sexual orientation within the Ninth Circuit the court in "SmithKline Beecham v. Abbott" handed down a ruling whose underlying rationale could have broad implications outside of the case with respect to “the quest for marriage equality in every state in this country and greater constitutional protections for all LGBT Americans,” Human Rights Campaign President Chad Griffin said in a statement.
Ruling implementation by the Obama administration.
In the wake of the U.S. Supreme Court ruling the Obama Administration and several federal executive departments and agencies like the Office of Personnel Management began to extend federal rights, privileges and benefits to married same-sex couples by changing regulations in order to conform with the Supreme Court decision in "Windsor":
According to one reporter's assessment in August 2013, despite the foregoing efforts the U.S. federal agencies are not working in concert with respect to the implementation of the "Windsor" ruling. Instead "they are creating a patchwork of regulations affecting gay and lesbian couples — and may be raising questions about discrimination and fairness in the way that federal benefits are distributed."

</doc>
<doc id="31039289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039289" title="Leanne Ross">
Leanne Ross

Leanne Ross (born 8 July 1981) is a Scottish female international football midfielder. She currently plays for Glasgow City. Since her 2006 debut, Ross has amassed over 100 caps for Scotland.
Club career.
Ross grew up in Stenhousemuir and played on boys' teams before, at the age of 15, scoring a record 56 goals in one season for Falkirk Girls. Prior to joining Glasgow City in 2007, Ross spent nine years with Newburgh – who later folded.
Ross won a full set of domestic medals with Glasgow City, and also featured in the UEFA Women's Champions League.
International career.
Ross made two appearances for the Scotland U-19 team before a broken ankle derailed her progress at international level. After a lengthy absence, she was surprised to be drafted into the senior team – at left back – for a 1-0 World Cup qualifying win over Switzerland at McDiarmid Park in April 2006.
Ross became a national team regular and won her 50th cap against the same opposition in June 2010.
Personal life.
A girlhood Celtic supporter, Ross is employed as an active schools co-ordinator in Clackmannanshire.

</doc>
<doc id="31039294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039294" title="Heshmatiyeh Prison">
Heshmatiyeh Prison

Heshmatiyeh Prison ( "Zendān Heshmatiyeh") is a prison in Iran, located in the East of Tehran. It is noted for its political prisoners' wing.
Iranian opposition leaders in Heshmatiyeh Prison.
According to reports, Iranian opposition leaders Mir Hossein Mousavi and Mehdi Karroubi, and their wives Zahra Rahnavard and Fatemeh Karroubi, have been taken from their homes by security forces to Heshmatiyeh Prison in Tehran.

</doc>
<doc id="31039324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039324" title="Stéphane Rolland">
Stéphane Rolland

Stéphane Rolland () is a French fashion designer and an haute couture fashion brand.
Fashion career.
At the age of 20 Rolland joined Balenciaga and within a year was promoted to the position of Creative Director of menswear and international licenses. At 24, he left Balenciaga to start his own prêt-à-porter company, which he ran for six years, until he was asked to become artistic designer for the haute couture fashion house formerly owned by Jean-Louis Scherrer, a position he occupied for the next ten years.
Rolland simultaneously worked as a costume designer. In 2006 and 2007, he was nominated for the prestigious Molière awards and became an official partner of the Cannes Film Festival.
On the 2 July 2007, Rolland presented a couture collection under his own name.
Rolland is a full member of the Chambre Syndicale de la Haute Couture and therefore his brand can officially bear the "Haute Couture" label. 
In May 2013, it's in the Etihad Towers of Abu Dhabi that Stéphane Rolland openes his first boutique. 

</doc>
<doc id="31039329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039329" title="Spartan C5">
Spartan C5

__NOTOC__
The Spartan C5 was a passenger and utility aircraft produced in small numbers in the United States in the early 1930s. It was a further, ultimately unsuccessful, attempt to market the Spartan C4, from which it was developed. Like its predecessor, the C5 was a high-wing, strut-braced monoplane with a fully enclosed cabin. Seating was increased to five places in place of the four seats of the C4. The C5 also incorporated a number of aerodynamic refinements, including a closely cowled engine and spatted mainwheels. The fuselage was constructed of welded steel tube and the wings from wood, and the whole aircraft covered in fabric. The empennage was also mostly constructed from wood, with metal ribs used in the fin and the whole assembly also covered in fabric.
Spartan was unable to sell the aircraft in any quantity, and eventually, built only four examples, including the prototype.

</doc>
<doc id="31039356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039356" title="Savage Beauty">
Savage Beauty

Savage Beauty is an ongoing comic book series currently published by Moonstone Books. The series is a re-imaging of the jungle girl genre set in modern day Africa. Featuring Lacy and Liv Rae, Savage Beauty focuses on these stepsisters contending with issues including human trafficking, child soldiers, gun runners, pirates, and corrupt politicians under the guise of the goddess Anaya.
In each issue of the comic, Savage Beauty offers a free full-page ad to a charitable cause. Future partners will include Invisible Children and Do Good Day.
Publication History.
Savage Beauty first saw publication as a 2010 New York Comic Con exclusive comic book ashcan. The book quickly sold out. The series writer Mike Bullock and artists Dan Parent and Tania Del Rio further helped raise awareness at the convention by selling posters and autographing Savage Beauty merchandise.
The first introductory issue of Savage Beauty was an oversized issue featuring 40 pages sold at $2.99, below the standard $3.99 price for most independent comic books. Additionally, the first issue featured a special “Camilla” story, a golden age cover gallery, the “lost” concept art from the 1960s Sheena movie project that was to have starred Raquel Welch and an essay by Michael May of Robot 6.
Thomas Yeates and Dave Hoover provided the covers for the first issue, with Hover’s twin covers featuring a unique mirror image depicting the two stepsisters in mirror-like poses.
The first issue also donated a free, full-page ad to Invisible Children’s TRI campaign, which focuses on efforts to rescue child soldiers from Joseph Kony’s Lord’s Resistance Army operating in Uganda, the Sudan and DR Congo at the time of publication.
Background and Creation.
Inspired by the headlines and news stories from eastern Africa, retropreneur Ed Catto, and his Captain Action partner, Joe Ahearn recruited longtime writer of The Phantom, Mike Bullock. Catto and Ahearn had previously collaborated with Bullock on a Phantom/Captain Action miniseries. Together, the three created Savage Beauty as a way of exploring the fascinating stories from the headlines of African nations while also providing a platform for charitable causes to spread their messages.
Plot Synopsis.
Savage Beauty is the story of two half-sisters, Lacy and Liv Rae, and their adventures in Africa. Recent UCLA graduates, the sisters are ostensibly on assignment for African Adventures magazine, traveling the continent for feature stories. In reality, guided by the mysterious Mr. Eden, these young women are tasked with righting wrongs on a local basis. Assuming the identity of the mythological goddess Anaya, the sisters use the legend, their wits, and Mr. Eden’s vast resources to gain an advantage over wrongdoers.
Characters.
Lacy Rae – This young beauty may seem like a typical Malibu Barbie-type girl, but she’s much more. She is an excellent volleyball player and dancer who excelled in her geopolitical studies to graduate at the top of her class with a major in Journalism. Her very nature is to always look ahead which others sometimes misconstrue as impatience or impetuousness. The daughter of the film star Johnny Rae, Lacy has always used her family’s wealth to better herself and give back to others.
Liv Rae – An orphan in Kenya when she first met the film star Johnny Rae and his wife Talia, the Rae’s adopted Liv after two battling guerrilla contingents destroyed her hometown. Liv is only a few months younger than Lacy. After an initial rocky period, the two very different girls formed a lifelong bond. Liv is a thoughtful and careful planner, very emotive, and sensitive to the needs of others. Although she is a quick thinker and highly adaptable, Liv would much prefer to mentally strategize any plan before springing into action. Liv is a top swimmer and majored in communication arts at UCLA.
Mr. Eden – The mysterious benefactor of Lacy and Liv as well as the caretaker of the Anaya legend, Mr. Eden is a mysterious yet powerful Ethiopian businessman. It has not yet been revealed how Lacy and Liv came to know the mysterious Mr. Eden. Ties between Eden Holdings, LTD and Johnny Rae’s film company, Sun Rae Pictures, have been rumored but not confirmed.
Anaya – A mythological goddess whose history is not limited to a single nation or people. As a cross-continental figure, Anaya is known for both her rewarding generosity and her ferocious vengeance. Legend has it that she manifests herself in gold or ebony, doling out blessings on the innocent and pure of heart while wreaking vengeance on the wicked.
Johnny Rae - The quintessential Hollywood action hero made good, Johnny Rae now devotes his time to Sun Rae productions. On the cusp of his fifties, Johnny is in remarkable shape and invites comparisons to Robert Redford.
Lumusi Okoye- Leader of the People’s Liberation Army (PLA). Born in Sudan, Lumusi is often called Lumus. Lumus has three scars running from his left ear diagonally across his left cheek, chin, and throat from a leopard attack when he was younger. A product of child soldiery, stories say that Lumus murdered his own parents with a machete at the behest of a Ugandan Warlord who had kidnapped Lumus from his family only two weeks prior. Lumus murdered the warlord he once served and scattered the remnants of the warlord’s army before seizing power in the region. He now deals in slavery, drugs, weapons, and anything else that brings him wealth.
Richaud Moreau – After learning the ropes of his uncle’s cartel, Richaud decided the organization could be put to better use. Moreau betrayed his uncle, had his uncle arrested, and then took over the cartel his uncle had assembled. Moreau turned to arms trafficking among other things, depending on what offered the easiest, heftiest profit.
The leader of his own cartel and one of the few outsiders given free passage throughout PLA territory, Richaud and Lumus are uneasy partners in many things.
Reception.
Savage Beauty was enthusiastically received at its New York Comic Con debut and again by critics with the first issue. Dustin Cabeal of PlayerAffinity.com gave the first issue an 8.9 out of 10 and Barry Reese of All Pulp wrote the first issue was “a remarkable debut”. Ray Tate of Comics Bulletin gave the first issue a 4 out of 5 and Jason Wilkons of Broken Frontier recommended Savage Beauty " to anyone who has a hankering for fast-paced, sultry jungle adventure."

</doc>
<doc id="31039360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039360" title="2006 Thailand Open – Doubles">
2006 Thailand Open – Doubles

The 2006 Thailand Open was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts. It was the 4th edition of the Thailand Open, and was part of the International Series of the 2006 ATP Tour. It took place at the Impact Arena in Bangkok, Thailand, from September 25 through October 1, 2006. Jonathan Erlich and Andy Ram won in the final 6–2, 2–6, [10–4] against Andy Murray and Jamie Murray.

</doc>
<doc id="31039377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039377" title="John Bjørnstad">
John Bjørnstad

John Bjørnstad (9 March 1888 – 3 June 1968) was a Norwegian rower who competed for Christiania Roklub. He competed in coxed fours (inriggers) and in coxed eights at the 1912 Summer Olympics in Stockholm.

</doc>
<doc id="31039380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039380" title="Franco Cunico">
Franco Cunico

Gianfranco Cunico (born 11 October 1957 in Vicenza) is an Italian rally driver who won the 1993 Rallye Sanremo.
Career.
Cunico scored his first points in the World Rally Championship on the 1989 Tour de Corse when he finished seventh, driving for Ford. In 1991 he scored his first podium by finishing third on the Tour de Corse. On the 1993 Rallye Sanremo he took a surprise win as a privateer driver.
He won the Italian Rally Championship in 1994, 1995 and 1996. In 2000 and 2001 he won the Italian Gravel title.

</doc>
<doc id="31039389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039389" title="Gabrielle Bernstein">
Gabrielle Bernstein

Gabrielle Bernstein is a motivational speaker, life coach, and author. She grew up in New York and attended Syracuse University, where she received a degree in theater. In 2008 she founded HerFuture.com, a social networking and mentoring website for women. Bernstein has written three books, Bernstein has also worked as a public relations entrepreneur and founded the PR firm SparkPlug Communications as well as co-founding the Women’s Entrepreneurial Network, a non-profit professional organization that connects female entrepreneurs.
Bernstein teaches primarily from the metaphysical text "A Course In Miracles". She teaches a practical application of the "Course"'s principles emphasizing self-love, forgiveness, and a holistic approach to spirituality. In 2009, Bernstein was featured in the "New York Times" as a "guru" for the next generation.

</doc>
<doc id="31039392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039392" title="The Record-Courier (Baker City)">
The Record-Courier (Baker City)

The Record-Courier is an independent weekly paper published in Baker City, Oregon, United States, since 1901. It is published on Thursdays by the Brinton Estate and has a circulation of 2,470. The "Record-Courier" competes with the tri-weekly "Baker City Herald".

</doc>
<doc id="31039416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039416" title="William Templeton (screenwriter)">
William Templeton (screenwriter)

William Pettigrew Templeton (7 June 1913 – 23 October 1973) was a Scottish playwright and screenwriter who made a major contribution to the Golden Age of Television writing a string of episodic dramas for American prime time television during the 1950s and 1960s, a time when many hour-long anthology drama series received wide critical acclaim. As Gore Vidal pointed out with uncharacteristically glowing enthusiasm in 1956, it was also the “Golden Age for the Dramatist”. William had a long film career both in the UK and the US. His adaptation of "The Fallen Idol" (also known as "The Lost Illusion") a 1948 film with Ralph Richardson directed by Carol Reed and based on the short story "The Basement Room" by Graham Greene was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Direction and Best Adapted Screenplay, and won the BAFTA Award for Best British Film.
Early life.
Templeton wrote his way out of the Gorbals slums on the south bank of the River Clyde Glasgow by being one of the youngest playwrights to have a production performed in the West End of London. At 20 he wrote a One Act play "The King's Spaniel" which ran at the Royal Lyceum Theatre and then at 24, his first three act play "Circus Murder" was picked up and produced by Jevan Brandon Thomas at the Theatre Royal, Glasgow in 1937 and then quickly exported to London by the producer Esme Church for a run at the New Theatre (1938) under the title "The Painted Smile". Theatre critic WA Darlington of "The Daily Telegraph" called it" “a cleverly created illusion”". From his new London base, Templeton continued to write a string of successful West End plays, including:
Hollywood career.
At the height of his theatre career in the early 1950s, Templeton started to attract the attention of Hollywood and secured a series of contracts from major film companies including Sir Alexander Korda at London Films, Walt Disney, Desilu and Universal. He became best known for his 1956 adaptation of George Orwell’s dystopian novel 1984, with Edmond O'Brien in the title role as Winston Smith ("“It was a masterly adaptation that depicted with power and poignancy and terrifying beauty the end result of thought control”", Jack Gould, "The New York Times") and his screenplay adaptation of the book "All On a Summer's Day" by HLV Fletcher which became the 1950 British crime thriller "Double Confession" directed by Ken Annakin, starring Peter Lorre and a cast that read like a who's who of the best British character actors around in 1950.
But arguably his best work was yet to come with the advent of television. As a new medium, television introduced many innovative programming concepts, and prime time television drama showcased both original and classic productions. Comfortable writing for a variety of genres Templeton was able to contribute to several of the seminal television drama series of the period: "The Alcoa Hour" (1954–1955); Goodyear Playhouse (1956); Matinee Theatre (1956); Sword of Freedom (1957): "The Untouchables" (1960); the original "Adventures of Robin Hood" series (1957) with Richard Greene and the "Westinghouse Desilu Playhouse" anthology series broadcast by CBS from 1948 to 1958 and produced by Desi Arnez. It was at this time that the Studio One producer declared William Templeton to be "“One of the country’s most distinguished writers in television”".
Personal life.
William married once on 22 September 1953 to the Hungarian actress Elizabeth Getrude von Esterházy in Westport Connecticut. Samuel Goldwyn, Jr. was his best man. The acrimonious marriage lasted until 1964 when the couple were divorced. They had one child Christopher Fredrick Templeton. Like many writers of his generation, Templeton was a heavy drinker. He lost his writing contract at Disney when Disney himself, who was of temperance stock, found a bottle in Templeton’s writing desk and throwing it through a window, told the writer to follow the bottle. On 23 October 1973, Templeton died of cirrhosis at the age of 60 at the Glasgow home of his elderly aunt, having just directed a trilogy of documentary programmes for NBC titled "The Distant Drummer" (1972) narrated by Paul Newman, Robert Mitchum and Rod Steiger.

</doc>
<doc id="31039443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039443" title="Mounsey Castle">
Mounsey Castle

Mounsey Castle is an Iron Age irregular triangular earthwork of north west of Dulverton, Somerset, England. It is a Scheduled Ancient Monument (No 35638). It has been added to the Heritage at Risk register. 
It is surrounded by the remains of coursed stone walling, with an entrance to the west.
It overlooks the River Barle.
Background.
Hill forts developed in the Late Bronze and Early Iron Age, roughly the start of the first millennium BC. The reason for their emergence in Britain, and their purpose, has been a subject of debate. It has been argued that they could have been military sites constructed in response to invasion from continental Europe, sites built by invaders, or a military reaction to social tensions caused by an increasing population and consequent pressure on agriculture. The dominant view since the 1960s has been that the increasing use of iron led to social changes in Britain. Deposits of iron ore were located in different places to the tin and copper ore necessary to make bronze, and as a result trading patterns shifted and the old elites lost their economic and social status. Power passed into the hands of a new group of people. Archaeologist Barry Cunliffe believes that population increase still played a role and has stated "forts provided defensive possibilities for the community at those times when the stress an increasing population burst out into open warfare. But I wouldn't see them as having been built because there was a state of war. They would be functional as defensive strongholds when there were tensions and undoubtedly some of them were attacked and destroyed, but this was not the only, or even the most significant, factor in their construction".

</doc>
<doc id="31039454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039454" title="Yo Canto">
Yo Canto

Yo Canto may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31039456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039456" title="Viza">
Viza

Viza (formerly known as Visa) is an American rock band from Los Angeles, California. Unique in its musical arsenal is the inclusion of oud and percussion blended with more conventional rock elements such as guitar, bass and drums. Formerly known as Visa, the band released two EPs and two full length albums, along with an award winning music video. The band's "De Facto", "Eros", "Made In Chernobyl" and "Carnivalia" albums incorporate music pervaded with sonorities from various influences and musical styles.
Lead singer Pete "K'noup" Tomopoulos is also from Kastoria in Greece.
Given the band's members and their respective backgrounds, certain influences and musical strains from Armenian and Greek styles are discernible, fused with elements of modern aggressive rock and traditional music. The band sometimes blends these various flavors with dance and satirical social commentary.
Viza has performed at Hungary's Sziget Festival (alongside Korn, The Killers, Axwell, The Vaccines, The XX), Greece’s Rockwave Festival (alongside The Prodigy, Gogol Bordello, Flogging Molly), Sweden's Malmofestivalen, Norway’s Kartfestivalen, and Slovenia's Schengenfest and Trnfest festivals, among dozens of headline shows, as a part of 6 European tours over the past 2 years.
Viza is currently associated with Serjical Strike Management headed by Serj Tankian from System of a Down. In August 2010, Viza embarked on a series of introductory performances in Europe, opening for Serj Tankian’s “Imperfect Harmonies” Tour in the cities of Yerevan, Athens, Hamburg, Cologne, Paris, Zurich and Bologna. Viza accompanied Serj Tankian again during his "Harakiri" World Tour in the Fall of 2012 as the main support act for 19 shows throughout North America and Europe.
On April 20, 2011 the band released their first single, "Bake Me In Clouds" recorded during the sessions of their CD titled "Carnivalia".
In December 2011 the band released their fourth full-length album, "Carnivalia", and released the title track as a single.
In July 2012 the band recorded and released their third single, a cover of the 1927 "Alabama Song (whisky bar)" by Bertolt Brecht and Kurt Weill.
Viza also engages in fundraising for human rights related charities, homeless shelters and orphanages.

</doc>
<doc id="31039467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039467" title="Otto Krogh">
Otto Krogh

Otto Krogh (1878–1952) was a Norwegian rower who competed for Christiania Roklub. He competed in coxed eights at the 1912 Summer Olympics in Stockholm.

</doc>
<doc id="31039477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039477" title="Robert Falconer (disambiguation)">
Robert Falconer (disambiguation)

Robert Falconer is a Canadian academic.
Robert Falconer is also the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="31039489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039489" title="George Martin (Spanish actor)">
George Martin (Spanish actor)

George Martin (born Francisco Martínez Celeiro, 1937 in Barcelona) is a Spanish film actor. He is known as a frequent star in the Italian "Los Tres Supermen" series and for numerous parts in Spaghetti Westerns and Italian exploitation films.

</doc>
<doc id="31039494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039494" title="Baker City Herald">
Baker City Herald

The Baker City Herald is a tri-weekly paper published in Baker City, Oregon, United States, since 1870. It is published on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays by Western Communications and has a circulation of 2,715. It competes with "The Record-Courier", a weekly.
History.
The "Herald" was established as the "Bedrock-Democrat" on May 11, 1870. In 1929, the "Bedrock-Democrat" merged with the city's other daily paper, the "Morning Herald", to become the "Baker Democrat-Herald". When the city's name was changed from Baker back to Baker City in 1990, the paper was renamed to "Baker City Herald". The "Herald" went from being published five days a week to three on June 1, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="31039502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039502" title="Luis Eduardo Maldonado">
Luis Eduardo Maldonado

Luis Eduardo Maldonado (born March 26, 1985 in Montevideo) is a Uruguayan footballer currently playing for Boston River of the Uruguayan Segunda División.

</doc>
<doc id="31039507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039507" title="Springfield Rifles (baseball)">
Springfield Rifles (baseball)

The Springfield Rifles was an Eastern League minor league baseball team based in Springfield, Massachusetts, USA that existed in 1932 and from 1942 to 1943. They were affiliated with the New York Yankees in 1932 and with the New York Giants in 1943.
Some notable players are Spud Chandler, Chet Covington, Lou Fette, Whitey Lockman, Tommy Neill, Frank Rosso, Steve Shemo and Joe Stephenson.

</doc>
<doc id="31039511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039511" title="Sopwith Swallow">
Sopwith Swallow

The Sopwith Swallow was a British parasol wing fighter aircraft of the First World War. A single example was built, but it saw no production, offering no performance advantages over contemporary biplanes.
Design and development.
In June 1918, the Sopwith Aviation Company flew an unarmed parasol monoplane derivative of the Sopwith Camel, the Sopwith Monoplane No. 1, also known as the Sopwith Scooter. It used a normal Camel fuselage, with the wing mounted just above the fuselage, with a very small gap. The wing was braced using RAF-wire (streamlined bracing wires) to a pyramid shaped cabane above the wing. It was powered by a single 130 hp (97 kW) Clerget 9B rotary engine.
The Scooter, which was used as a runabout and aerobatic mount by Sopwith test pilot Harry Hawker, demonstrated excellent manouevrability, and formed the basis of a fighter derivative, originally the Monoplane No. 2, and later known as the Sopwith Swallow.
Like the Scooter, the Swallow used the fuselage of a Camel, but it had a larger, slightly swept, wing of greater wingspan and area, which was mounted higher above the fuselage to allow the pilot to access the two synchronised Vickers machine guns. It was powered by a 110 hp (82 kW) Le Rhône engine.
Operational history.
The Swallow made its maiden flight in October 1918, and was delivered to RAF Martlesham Heath on 28 October 1918 for official testing. One possible role for the Swallow was as a shipboard fighter. Engine problems delayed testing of the Swallow, but when these problems were resolved, the Swallow proved to have lower performance than Le Rhône-powered Camels, and was discarded soon after testing was completed in May 1919.
The Swallow remained in use, and was given the civil registration "K-135" in May 1919 (soon changed to "G-EACZ"). It was sold to Harry Hawker in April 1921, but was placed into storage when Hawker was killed in July. It was refurbished in 1925 and was used for aerobatic displayes and for racing until 1927 when it was scrapped.

</doc>
<doc id="31039520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039520" title="Parker Bolek">
Parker Bolek

Parker Bolek (born August 11, 2001, Pasadena, California) is an American child actor, best known for his recurring role as Wade Glossner in the ABC sitcom "The Middle".
Personal life.
Parker was born to Jim and Sharon Bolek. Along with his parents, he lives with his older brother and their two dogs. He also has two sisters along with three nieces and two nephews.
Career.
Parker has been acting since the age of 5. He currently has a recurring role in ABC's "The Middle" as Wade Glossner where he along with the other Glossner boys, terrorize the neighborhood. He has a guest starring role in the A&E drama "Longmire". He co-starred on the Nickelodeon pilot "Gibby". He has worked with Stephen Hopkins (director) on the pilot for NBC's Beautiful People in a role where he played a human-like "Mechanical." Parker has also co-starred on an episode of "Southland". Here he played an out of control youngest son that destroys his parents home. He has done work on short films including "Chambers Street", written and directed by Andy Swan. His other work includes commercials for Microsoft Bing, Nature's Own and Chevrolet's Great Baseball Moments. Additionally, he has been in several music videos such as "Talk Radio" by The Dandy Warhols and "Joanna (Shut Up!)" by Crazy Loop.

</doc>
<doc id="31039522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039522" title="Gunnar Grantz">
Gunnar Grantz

Gunnar Grantz (27 January 1885 – 8 February 1941) was a Norwegian rower who competed for Christiania Roklub. He competed in coxed eights and in coxed fours, inriggers at the 1912 Summer Olympics in Stockholm. He died in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="31039556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039556" title="Thomas Godfrey Faussett">
Thomas Godfrey Faussett

Thomas Godfrey Faussett, afterwards T. G. Godfrey-Faussett (1829–1877), was an English antiquary.
Life.
Faussett was born at Oxford in 1829, was a younger son of the Rev. Godfrey Faussett, D.D., canon of Christ Church, Oxford by his second wife, Sarah, daughter of Thomas Wethered of Marlow. When young he lived much at Worcester, where his father was then prebendary. He inherited the tastes of his great-grandfather, Bryan Faussett, the antiquary, and as a boy studied history and heraldry. He became scholar and fellow of Corpus Christi College, Oxford. In 1862 (or 1863) he was called to the bar, but did not practise. In 1866 he went to live at Canterbury, where he was in that year appointed auditor to the dean and chapter. He was auditor till his death. In 1871 he was also appointed district registrar of the probate court at Canterbury. In March 1859 he had been elected fellow of the Society of Antiquaries.
From 1863 to 1873 he was honorary secretary of the Kent Archæological Society. He published articles in the ‘Archæologia Cantiana,’ including ‘Canterbury till Domesday’ (1861) and an account of an Anglo-Saxon cemetery opened by him at Patrixbourne, Kent (vol. x.). He wrote on the ‘Law of Treasure Trove’ in vol. xxii. of the "Archaeological Journal". He specially studied the antiquities of Canterbury, and contributed the article ‘Canterbury’ to the ‘Encyclopædia Britannica’ (9th edit.). He also wrote a memoir of Bryan Faussett, printed in Roach Smith's edition of the ‘Inventorium Sepulchrale.’ Faussett succeeded Larking as editor of the large history of Kent begun by Streatfeild; but the ill-health from which he suffered from about 1866 till his death prevented his continuing the work. From about 1873 he was hardly ever able to hold a pen. In spite of this, Faussett, living in his pleasant house in the cathedral precincts, was a man of habitual cheerfulness, and composed hundreds of clever squibs and epigrams in Latin and English. Specimens of these and several of his graceful Latin hymns are printed in the ‘Memorials of T. G. Faussett,’ published in 1878 (two editions) by the Rev. W. J. Loftie.
Faussett died at Canterbury 26 February 1877, and was buried in Nackington churchyard, near that city. In 1869, in common with other members of the family, he took the surname of Godfrey-Faussett. He married in 1864 Lucy Jane, daughter of Henry Woodcock of Bank House, near Wigan; an only child, Edward Godfrey, born 1868, survived him.

</doc>
<doc id="31039560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039560" title="Juan Montes">
Juan Montes

Juan Montes (born 4 June 1947) is a retired footballer who played as a midfielder for clubs in Argentina and Greece.
Club career.
Born in Buenos Aires, Montes began playing football for Club Atlético Atlanta. In 1969, he moved to local rivals Club Atlético Chacarita Juniors, where he would win the 1969 Metropolitano championship.
In July 1972, Montes joined Greek second division side PAS Giannina F.C.. He spent more than ten seasons with PAS Giannina, helping the club gain promotion to the Greek first division during the 1973–74 season. He left the club in December 1982, making 231 appearances and scoring 4 goals in the Greek top flight.

</doc>
<doc id="31039575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039575" title="Ding Dong (Dana International song)">
Ding Dong (Dana International song)

"Ding Dong" is a pop song written and performed by Israeli singer Dana International. It won the Israeli Kdam Eurovision (Israeli National selection) on March 8, 2011, represented Israel in the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 in Germany. It will be released as a music single for the singer a few days after the national final performance.
This was Dana International's second performance in the Kdam Eurovision, after her failed attempt in 1995. It was also her second time in the Eurovision Song Contest as a singer, after winning in 1998 with the song "Diva", and her second time as a song writer and composer, after the 2008 Eurovision Song Contest entry sung by Boaz Mauda, "Ke'ilu Kan" ("The Fire in Your Eyes").
The song failed to go through to the final.

</doc>
<doc id="31039585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039585" title="Assaf Kehati">
Assaf Kehati

Assaf Kehati (Hebrew: אסף קהתי) (born October 21, 1979 in Israel) is an Israeli jazz guitarist, composer, bandleader and educator based in Boston, Massachusetts.
Education.
Kehati first started playing the piano and guitar at the age of ten and later following with classical violin. His grandmother was a professional pianist who first introduced him to playing an instrument. As a teenager he played rock, pop, and classical music. At age 19, he started to take interest in jazz. Shortly after, he was accepted to Rimon School in Ramat HaSharon. A few months into his jazz studies, he became the winner of a number of local jazz awards, including the third place of “the Jazz Player” national competition in Israel. He also became a member of Rimon Honors Ensemble, “Hot Jazz”, which featured famous Australian jazz fusion guitarist, Frank Gambale.
In 2007, he moved to Boston to pursue his graduate studies at the New England Conservatory. There he has also worked as an assistant professor after receiving his Masters in Jazz Performance in 2009.
Career.
While in Israel, Kehati performed with many prominent musicians including Alon Farber, Shai Chen, Haggai Amir, Udi Shlomo, and Daniel Sapir. He appeared at the Tel Aviv Jazz Festival, Channel 22 TV, Shablul Jazz Club, Machtesh Ramon Jazz Festival and at the Israel National Festival in Jerusalem.
In 2010, Kehati recorded his first album "A View From My Window" and "Flowers And Other Stories" in 2011. His style is said to be influenced by Hector Berlioz, George Gershwin, Pat Metheny, and Kenny Rogers.
Kehati has played and worked with renowned artists such as Ran Blake, George Garzone, Eli Degibri, Donny McCaslin, Seamus Blake, and more prominently, with the legendary drummer Billy Hart who has been a part of his trio since 2009. 
He has played worldwide in Israel, Russia, Canada, Washington DC, Boston and in the renowned Blue Note Jazz Club in New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="31039586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039586" title="Hannibal Fegth">
Hannibal Fegth

Hannibal Fegth (1879 – 1967) was a Norwegian rower who competed for Christiania Roklub. He competed in coxed eights and in coxed fours, inriggers at the 1912 Summer Olympics in Stockholm.

</doc>
<doc id="31039605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039605" title="Super Highways">
Super Highways

Super Highways is the second album by New Order members Gillian Gilbert and Stephen Morris under the name The Other Two. It was released in 1999 six years after their début, and a year after New Order reformed. Four tracks were co-written by Melanie Williams, who also sang lead on two of them ("You Can Fly" and "One Last Kiss") and backing vocals on the title track. The album was re-released in January 2010 by LTM Recordings.
Track listing.
1 "Tasty Fish" (K-Klass Mix) was not featured on the Japanese edition of the album.

</doc>
<doc id="31039630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039630" title="Charles Todd (New Zealand)">
Charles Todd (New Zealand)

Charles Todd (1868-1942), fellmonger, wool-scourer, motor car importer and assembler, petrol importer and retailer, industrialist and community leader; he was a leading New Zealand businessman and was a principal founder of the Todd Corporation. He was a committed Catholic and prohibitionist.

</doc>
<doc id="31039634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039634" title="Gustav Hæhre">
Gustav Hæhre

Gustav Hæhre (1878 – 1950) was a Norwegian rower who competed for Christiania Roklub. He competed in coxed eights and in coxed fours, inriggers at the 1912 Summer Olympics in Stockholm.

</doc>
<doc id="31039657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039657" title="Nanni Cagnone">
Nanni Cagnone

"Nanni Cagnone" (born in 1939 in Carcare, Liguria) is an Italian poet, novelist, essayist and playwright. He debuted as a poet in 1954 and since then has written several books, mostly poetry but also plays and novels, theoretical essays and aphorisms, from "The Disabled Youth" (1967) to "The Oslo Lecture" (2008). He is married to Sandra Holt and currently lives in Bomarzo.
Biography.
In the 1960s–1970s he was senior editor of Lerici Publishers, editor of Marcatré (an avant-garde magazine of art, literature, and music), managing editor of Design Italia, and more recently founded and headed the Italian publishing house Coliseum. He was also a professor of aesthetics and contributed articles to newspapers and cultural magazines, among them Chelsea Review, Incognita, Alea, Or, Il Giornale, Il Messaggero, Bonniers Litterära Magasin, FMR, Il Verri. His translations include Gerard Manley Hopkins' "The Wreck of the Deutschland", Aeschylus' "Agamemnon"., Jack Spicer's "The Heads of the Town Up to the Aether", and Gabriel Magaña Merlo's "Intolerante superficie".
Cagnone's works are characterized by a clean, almost purist meditation, where mythology and modernity, feeling and criticism are compressed into a peculiar and intense ontological recovery. Cagnone is said to be one of the most innovative and distinctive poets of contemporary European literature. His poems are used as lyrics for contemporary music. The Norwegian composer Harald Sæther has written a song cycle with lyrics from "Index Vacuus", the cantata "Obstupescit Venti Cinque" with lyrics from "What's Hecuba to Him or He to Hecuba?" and "A, in altre parole B", for three vocal quartets, by the poem with the same title.
About his own poetry, Cagnone writes: “Poetry is this interval between us and things, this interrupted feeling, the lost object in the home of desire. Poetry is an extraneous work, something sleep would teach awakening. It demands a passive feeling, a receptive thought and desires learnt by answering. Poetry is not the act of collecting the world like a rescuer of sense or a flatterer of language, but the aimless cult of an excessive figure and the experience of a faithfulness: that of a Saying, which doesn’t want to leave his Silent lover. Poetry is acting beyond, beyond what one manages to think”.

</doc>
<doc id="31039660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039660" title="Jackson Lawlor">
Jackson Lawlor

He was educated at Drogheda Grammar School, Rathmines School, Dublin and Trinity College, Dublin. He was a Curate at Christ Church, Kingstown from 1885 to 1893 then an assistant to Archbishop King’s Lecturer in Divinity at the University of Dublin. He was Senior Chaplain of St Mary’s Cathedral, Edinburgh from 1893 to 1898 and then Professor of Ecclesiastical History at the University of Dublin. From 1924 unil his retirement in 1933 he was also an Anglican Dean.

</doc>
<doc id="31039666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039666" title="Test automation management tools">
Test automation management tools

Test automation management tools are specific tools that provide a collaborative environment that is intended to make test automation efficient, traceable and clear for stakeholders. Test automation is becoming a cross-discipline (i.e. a mix of both testing and development practices.)
Motivation.
Test automation systems usually lack reporting, analysis and meaningful information about project status. Test management systems target manual effort and do not give all the required information.
Test automation management systems leverage automation effort towards efficient and continuous processes of delivering test execution and new working tests by:
Compliance with Agile.
Test automation management tools fit Agile Systems Development Life Cycle methodologies. In most cases, test automation covers continuous changes in order to minimize manual regression testing. Changes are usually noted by monitoring test log diffs. For example, differences in the number of failures signal probable changes either in AUT or in test code (broken test code base, instabilities) or in both. Quick notice of changes and unified workflow of results analysis reduces testing costs and increases project quality.
TDD.
Test-driven development utilizes test automation as the primary driver to rapid and high-quality software production. Concepts of green line and thoughtful design are supported with tests before actual coding, assuming there are special tools to track and analyze within TDD process.
Continuous Integration.
Another test automation practice is continuous integration, which explicitly supposes automated test suites as a final stage upon building, deployment and distributing new versions of software. Based on acceptance of test results, a build is declared either as qualified for further testing or rejected. Dashboards provide relevant information on all stages of software development including test results. However, dashboards do not support comprehensive operations and views for an automation engineer. This is another reason for dedicated management tools that can supply high-level data to other project management tools such as test management, issue management and change management.

</doc>
<doc id="31039671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039671" title="Olaf Solberg">
Olaf Solberg

Olaf Solberg (1885 – 1968) was a Norwegian rower who competed for Christiania Roklub. He competed in coxed eights and in coxed fours, inriggers at the 1912 Summer Olympics in Stockholm.

</doc>
<doc id="31039676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039676" title="Coloma Convent Girls' School">
Coloma Convent Girls' School

Coloma Convent Girls' School is a Roman Catholic school in a semi-rural location in Shirley, on the outskirts of Croydon, South London, England. Coloma is a comprehensive school, so does not select its pupils: it has a history of selection, having been a grammar school for much of its history, and a grant-maintained school in 1994-1999.
The school selects a number of pupils at 11+ or 16+ for music scholarships; all other girls are admitted using a religious-based points system.
Since September 2010 the school has operated The Quest Academy in the form of an academy trust.
History.
The school regards its founder as being the Very Reverend Canon Constant Van Crombrugghe, who founded the Congregation of the Daughters of Mary and Joseph in Belgium in 1817. There is a bronze bust of Van Crombrugghe in the Main Hall.
The school opened on 2 August 1869, with one pupil. In 1871, property was found in Tavistock Road, Croydon, and named Coloma. The school remained there until its move in 1965 to the present site. 
Admissions policy.
Girls wanting to attend the school are admitted using a religious observation points system, which is intended to give priority to candidates who are seen as the most devout, and to families who are most active in the church. The school is one of a small group of Catholic comprehensives to have adopted this system, along with the London Oratory School, Cardinal Vaughan Memorial School and the John Fisher School. Prior to the year 2000 most of these schools admitted a percentage of their pupils based on ability, aptitude or through an interview process. The points system is seen by some as a way for these schools to protect the Catholicity of their intake. 
Academic Reputation.
The school gets results comparable to that of a rural grammar school with A*-C GCSE pass rates consistently in the high 80s-low 90s. 
In 2010, the school was placed 6th of all comprehensive schools, with 98.1% of girls achieving 5 A* to B grades.
House System.
Each pupil attending the school is a member of a house; each year group contains six houses: St. Barbara's (red) St. Bernadette's (green), St. Edith's (yellow), St. Margaret's (light blue), St. Theresa's (purple) and St. Winifred's (dark blue). Inter-house competitions and events take place throughout the year, culminating at the annual summer Sports Day.
Combined Cadet Force.
While the school does not have a Combined Cadet Force (CCF), a small number of girls attend CCF training at Royal Russell School. 

</doc>
<doc id="31039682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039682" title="PT Industri Kereta Api">
PT Industri Kereta Api

PT. Industri Kereta Api Indonesia, abbreviated as INKA, is a Government-owned corporation which was formed on 19 August 1981 as the successor of Balai Yasa Lokomotif Uap (steam locomotive maintenance depot) owned by Perusahaan Jawatan Kereta Api (now PT Kereta Api) in Madiun, East Java, Indonesia. As of mid-1970s, steam locomotives are no longer used in Indonesia and the defunct depot was then converted into a railway rolling stock manufacturer.
Profile.
The business activity of PT. Industri Kereta Api Indonesia is growing from basic product to the higher value added product and services in railway and transportation business. The mission on business and technology competitiveness creation in railway and transportation products is focussed to dominate domestic market and to win competition in ASEAN region and developing countries.
High demand intercity railway is increasing in the high density region in the archipelago countries. New passenger coaches were introduced to capture the niche market with quality of services. In the beginning, value migration was created to absorb middle class passenger mobility. The next step development is prepared to adapt newest technology for diesel electric railcar on the medium distance railway corridor.
Those new technology is upgraded from the development of commuter electric railcar using light weight stainless steel carbody and modern AC traction control with IGBT VVVF inverter. Commuter railcar is the best solution for public urban transport. Based on experiences in commuter services, the modern electric railcar will be soon developed to more reliable design for future mass rapid transit.
In the developing countries, railway is expected to be backbone of land transportation. The large scale mining and industry commodities are better carried by bulk rail wagon. Various design of freight wagon can adapt the special demand of handling and higher capacity such as 18 ton axle load in the coal and pulp transportation. On the other hand, the modern container flat wagon is designed for speed up 100 km/h and light weight requirement.
The new railway line and double track projects in developing countries are increasing to cope the potential demand of goods transport as well as to improve line capacity. High quality hopper wagon and multi purpose track maintenance car is usually required in small lot. New approach on mutual collaboration with railway consultant and civil contractor will overcome an efficient turnkey project especially for plantation and mining area.
Products.
Without much publicity, PT. INKA has been producing a variety of locomotive, train, and car. Many of them are made in cooperation, there is also a body of a car and they were over. Some products even have been exported to foreign countries. With stiff competition between rail and air transportation in recent years, PT Inka is facing an increasingly tough domestic market.
List of products.
In addition, PT. INKA is also pioneering the production of a national car called GEA (short for "Gulirkan Energi Alternatif") and a prototype was created in 2008. In 2009, GEA began using the machine developed by BPPT, "Rusnas", after previously using Chinese machinery. Carburator is the only imported component in the 2009 prototype.

</doc>
<doc id="31039696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039696" title="2011 Ohio Valley Conference Men's Basketball Tournament">
2011 Ohio Valley Conference Men's Basketball Tournament

The 2011 Ohio Valley Conference Men's Basketball Tournament occurred March 2, 3, 4, and 5. All tournament games took place at Nashville Municipal Auditorium in Nashville, Tennessee.
Format.
The format for the tournament was changed, beginning with the 2011 tournament. Seeding changed to a merit-based system where the No. 1 and 2 seeds receive a double bye to the semifinals while the No. 3 and 4 seeds get a single bye to the quarterfinals (a system that has been used since 2003 in the West Coast Conference). The first round will match up the No. 5/8 and No. 6/7 seeds. The top eight eligible men's basketball teams in the Ohio Valley Conference receive a berth in the conference tournament. After the 18-game conference season, teams are seeded by conference record. The winner will earns an automatic berth in the 2011 NCAA Tournament.
Seeds.
Only eight Ohio Valley schools qualified for the tournament. Teams were seeded by 2010–11 Ohio Valley Conference record, with a tiebreaker system to seed teams with identical conference records.
Through games of Feb. 26, 2011, the seeds are as follows after implementing tiebreakers:
Outcome.
Morehead St. defeated Tennessee Tech, 80–73 in the final of the Ohio Valley Conference tournament in Nashville. They moved on to their second NCAA tournament in the past three years and fourth overall. In the tournament, they upset Louisville in the first round before losing to Richmond in the second round. The favorite to face Morehead St. in the finals was the #1 seed and their top rival, Murray St., but they lost to Tennessee Tech in semifinals, 64–59.

</doc>
<doc id="31039698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039698" title="BIFA Award for Best Performance by an Actress in a British Independent Film">
BIFA Award for Best Performance by an Actress in a British Independent Film

The British Independent Film Award for Best Performance by an Actress in a British Independent Film is an annual award given to the Best Actress who starred in a British independent film. The award was introduced in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="31039712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039712" title="Carrascosa">
Carrascosa

Carrascosa may refer to one of several places in Spain:

</doc>
<doc id="31039714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039714" title="Emmy (Albanian singer)">
Emmy (Albanian singer)

Elsina Hidersha (15 March 198928 February 2011), better known by her stage name Emmy, was an Albanian singer. Her most notable hits were "Pse të dua ty", "A ma jep", "Rastësisht u pamë", and "Let It Play".
Death.
Hidersha was hit by a car allegedly driven by her ex-boyfriend, 47-year-old Kosovar businessman Haziz Kelmendi. The police said they suspect the incident was intentional and was a matter of jealousy. Reportedly Kelmendi was heavily intoxicated at the time of the incident. The incident happened in the late hours of 26 February 2011, when Hidersha was leaving a night club where she had been performing. Kelmendi allegedly followed and hit her with his car, although he denies the accusations. Hidersha was brought to the Military Hospital of Tirana suffering from severe brain damage and skull fractures. She lapsed into a coma and died on the morning of 28 February 2011. On 24 May 2011, the Prosecutor closed the investigations stating Emmy's murder was not aforethought but instead, it was a negligent homicide and that Haziz Kelmendi will be processed.

</doc>
<doc id="31039740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039740" title="Thales Fielding">
Thales Fielding

Thales Fielding (1793–1837) was an English watercolour painter.
Life.
Fielding was the third son of Nathan Theodore Fielding, and like his brothers is mainly known as a painter in watercolours. He was an associate exhibitor of the Royal Society of Painters in Water-colours, and for some years teacher of drawing at the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich. In 1818 he appears as settled at 26 Newman Street, London, where he resided until his death, which occurred after a few hours' illness on 20 December 1837, at the age of forty-four.
Works.
He seems to have first exhibited at the British Institution in 1816, sending ‘A View of Saddleback, Cumberland,’ but there is some difficulty at first in distinguishing his works from those of his elder brother, Theodore H. A. Fielding. He exhibited numerous landscapes and cattle-pieces, mostly compositions, at the Royal Academy and at the British Institution. His last picture, in 1837, was ‘A View of Caerphilly Castle, Glamorganshire.’ He also painted portraits. 
In 1827 he exhibited a portrait of Eugène Delacroix at the Royal Academy, one of a pair the artists made of each other, and a portrait by him of Peter Barlow was published in lithography by Graf & Soret.

</doc>
<doc id="31039741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039741" title="Ouro Verde Hotel">
Ouro Verde Hotel

Ouro Verde Hotel or Grandarrell Ouroverde Hotel is a hotel in Copacabana, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, located at Avenida Atlântica, 1456. It is located in a building dated to the 1950s but was established in 1973. It contains a notable restaurant on the second floor. The hotel is a narrow building, located adjacent to other hotels, several metres east of the Porto Rio Internacional Hotel. It is only 3 bays wide. It is a white building but part of the facade and outside of the restaurant is red.

</doc>
<doc id="31039755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039755" title="Thomas Høie">
Thomas Høie

Thomas Høie (28 April 1883 – 30 August 1948) was a Norwegian rower who competed for Christiania Roklub. He competed in coxed eights at the 1912 Summer Olympics in Stockholm.

</doc>
<doc id="31039774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039774" title="Zeus Assembler">
Zeus Assembler

Zeus Assembler is an assembler development tool for the Z80 originally written by Neil Mottershead for the Nascom 2 and then ported to the ZX Spectrum by Neil Mottershead and Simon Brattel in 1983. It was published by Crystal Computing. The program was designed to make Z80 machine code programming easier, with full symbolic instructions, and an editing style similar to the Spectrum's built-in BASIC.
"Zeus Assembler" was later re-released by the manufacturer of the ZX Spectrum, Sinclair Research.
Overview.
"Zeus" is a two-pass assembler that allows full use of the processor's mnemonic instruction set. It was the first assembler to tokenise the source code, an innovation by Neil Mottershead. 
It features two main command modes; assembler and editor, and includes an auto line-numbering facility, and various subroutines for use within the user's programs, as well as printer output and basic assembler features such as labels and expressions.
"Monitor and Disassembler".
The previous year Crystal Computing had released another machine code tool for the 16K ZX Spectrum called "Monitor and Disassembler" that could be used in conjunction with "Zeus". While "Zeus" has a monitor included, the more extensive "Monitor and Disassembler" allows for disassembly, the display and editing of the processor registers, as well as code substitution and the ability to move blocks of memory. Alongside "Zeus", "Monitor and Disassembler" was later re-released by Sinclair Research.
Reception.
"Zeus Assembler" was well received by the computing press. "Your Computer" praised it as well thought-out, with good auto-line number, renumber, and block delete functions. "Sinclair User" and "Big K" highlighted the program's ease of use for beginners, while also being a very powerful tool in the hands of an expert. The necessity of exiting the assembler in order to save any generated code was cited as a potential drawback, especially for beginners.
"Sinclair User" also praised the documentation as the best of any assembler available at the time, for its use of step-by-step instructions and code examples.
Performance.
The way Zeus used source tokenization made it extremely fast, in the tests conducted by "Sinclair User" for their review of ZX Spectrum assemblers Zeus assembled the test source so fast that the reviewers did not actually believe it had done anything - Zeus did not print anything on completion of a successful assembly in order to avoid cluttering the screen - and so did not mention the speed in the review, instead praising the speed of a competing assembler that was nearly fifty times slower than Zeus, to the understandable annoyance of the authors.

</doc>
<doc id="31039794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039794" title="Maurice Berkley">
Maurice Berkley

Maurice Berkley (6 September 1872 – 9 August 1947) was an English cricketer. Berkley was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm slow. He was born in Navestock, Essex and educated at Fettes College in Edinburgh, where he played for the college cricket team.
Berkley played for Essex twice in the 1894 County Championship against Yorkshire and Leicestershire. In his two matches, he scored 6 runs at a batting average of 3.00, with a high score of 5. More successful in the bowling department, Berkley took 7 wickets at a bowling average of 14.71. 6 of his wickets came in a single innings in his maiden first-class match against Yorkshire, claiming 6/50.
He died in Bangor, Caernarvonshire on 9 August 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="31039796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039796" title="Balloon-borne telescope">
Balloon-borne telescope

A balloon-borne telescope is a sub-orbital astronomical telescope that is suspended below one or more stratospheric balloons, allowing it to be lifted above the lower, dense part of the Earth's atmosphere. This has the advantage of improving the resolution limit of the telescope at a much lower cost than for a space telescope. It also allows observation of frequency bands that are blocked by the atmosphere.
Balloon-borne telescopes have the disadvantage of relatively low altitude and a flight time of only a few days. However, their maximum altitude of about 50 km is much higher than the limiting altitude of aircraft-borne telescopes such as the Kuiper Airborne Observatory and Stratospheric Observatory for Infrared Astronomy, which have a limiting altitude of 15 km. A few balloon-borne telescopes have crash landed, resulting in damage to, or destruction of the telescope.
The balloon obscures the zenith from the telescope, but a very long suspension can reduce this to a range of 2°. The telescope must be isolated from the induced motion of the stratospheric winds as well as the slow rotation and pendulum motion of the balloon. The azimuth stability can be maintained by a magnetometer, plus a gyroscope or star tracker for shorter term corrections. A three axis mount gives the best control over the tube motion, consisting of an azimuth, elevation and cross-elevation axis.

</doc>
<doc id="31039797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039797" title="Yo Canto (TV series)">
Yo Canto (TV series)

Yo Canto (Spanish for I Sing) is a Puerto Rican singing talent contest that started airing on 2011 on WKAQ-TV, the Telemundo outlet in Puerto Rico. It is produced by Soraya Sánchez, who previously produced the similar show "Objetivo Fama", and Beatriz Oliveros. As opposed to "Objetivo Fama", "Yo Canto" features singers from all ages, and contestants can participate as a group or duo.
The show features a group of aspiring singers who compete on a weekly talent show. During each show, contestants are evaluated by a panel judges, and are gradually eliminated until only one prevails. During the time of the show, contestants are "bunkered" in a studio/house where they will live together for several months. The show's first season began airing on February 5, 2011.
The show is hosted by Daniela Droz and Ektor. The winner of the competition was the Cuban duo FM5.
Auditions.
Before the show season starts, auditions are held at several places in Puerto Rico and the United States to pick the finalists that will be featured in the show. These are evaluated by the show's producers. When the final contestants are selected, they are moved to Puerto Rico where the studio/house is located. Auditions were held in New York City, Miami, Florida, and Puerto Rico (Ponce, San Juan, and Mayagüez). On January 29, 2011, a show called "Yo Canto: Las Audiciones" aired on Telemundo as a preamble to the show.
Contestants.
After the auditions, a group of 18 contestants were selected:
Weekly Shows.
During the weekly shows, each contestant performs the song they had received and rehearsed during the week. After each presentation, each contestant is evaluated by the panel of judges, who assign a score from 1 to 10. At the end of the show, the host announce which contestants have the lowest points. Viewers then have one week to call and "save" their favorite contestant.
Two additional shows ("Yo Canto Extra" and "Yo Canto Backstage") follows the contestants during their week of rehearsal, and their reactions after each show.
Seasons Synopsis.
Episodes.
First night: February 12, 2011.
Reggaeton duo RKM & Ken-Y were the guest artists of the night. Initially, there was an error in the vote tally that had Franie and Andrea as the Bottom 2 contestants. After the show, the producers made the correction which ended with Favela and Andrea in the bottom instead.
Second night: February 19, 2011.
Due to a tie between Franie and Charlie, the judges had to decide which one to save. They chose Franie. Also, due to last week's error in the tally, the audience was asked to vote if they wanted to skip the elimination process for this night. 85.5% voted not to eliminate anyone.
Third night: February 26, 2011.
53% of the audience voted to save Charli, instead of Moisés. Also, the reggaeton duo, Dyland & Lenny, were the special guests of the night.
Fourth night: March 5, 2011.
52% of the audience voted to save Tivián, instead of Franie. Also, reggaeton singers Gotcho and Jowell, and singer Jencarlos Canela were the guest artists of the night.
Fifth night: March 12, 2011.
The show was dedicated to Latin American divas like Olga Tañón, Ednita Nazario, Yolandita Monge, Thalía and Gloria Estefan. The show opened with a group of transgender artists imitating the divas.
Guest artists were reggaeton singers JKing & Maximan. Musa and Tivián were the contestants "threatened" last week. 65% of the audience voted to save Musa.
Sixth night: March 19, 2011.
Judge Manny Manuel was absent from this show due to previous obligations. Guest singer Gloria Trevi replaced him as guest judge.
Favela and Andrea were the contestants "threatened" last week. 91% of the audience voted to save Favela.
Seventh night: March 26, 2011.
During the opening, the contestants sang Ricky Martin's "Livin' la Vida Loca".
Juan Vélez, winner of the fourth season of "Objetivo Fama", and brother of Abimelec, was the guest singer. Charli, Musa, and Yaza were the contestants "threatened" last week. 58% of the audience voted to save Yaza, while Charli and Musa received 19% and 23% of the votes.
Eight night: April 2, 2011.
The guest artists of the night were pop-rock singer Sie7e and reggaeton duo Alexis & Fido. The contestants that were "threatened" last week were Joaquín and Mari Z. 61% of the audience voted to save Mari Z.
Ninth night: April 9, 2011.
The night was dedicated to music from popular films. The contestants opened with a dancing number from "Grease".
The guest artist of the night was Carlos Baute, who sang a song with Massiel. The contestants with less votes were Argel and Mari Z. The judges decided to save Argel.
Tenth night: April 16, 2011.
The contestants also had a chance to sing in groups. Males, females, and duets were paired with each other to sing an additional song. Abimelec, who was suspended for the week, couldn't sing with males Jonathan and Argel.
Antonio Orozco and the a cappella group Nota were the guest artists. The contestants with less votes were Cubans Argel and Massiel. The judges decided to save Massiel.
Eleventh night: April 23, 2011.
Due to the celebration of Holy Week, all the performances of the show were of spiritual or religious songs. The contestants opened the show singing "Creeré" of Christian duo Tercer Cielo.
Also, some contestants had a chance to sing an additional song with a special guest.
In the end, the contestants with less votes were Diomary and Yeika. After much deliberation, the judges decided to save Diomary.
Twelfth night: April 30, 2011.
The show was dedicated to 80s music. All the contestants sang in the opening which featured songs like "Súbete a Mi Moto", "Mi Banda Toca Rock", and "A Volar", from 80s boyband Menudo.
The contestants had an opportunity to sing a song with other contestants, although no points were given.
Singer Divino was the guest artist of the night. The two contestants with less votes were NXO and Massiel. The judges unanimously decided to save NXO.
Final night: May 14, 2011.
Also, during the presentation each finalist had a special presentation with a guest singer.
Finally, the two finalists had a chance to sing their own compositions. Jonathan sang "Misterio" and FM5 sang "Ni Una Lágrima". At the end of the show, FM5 was announced as the winner of the competition with 55% of the votes.
Elimination chart.
1 Due to a production error in the vote tally the previous week, the audience was asked to vote if they wanted to skip the elimination process, resulting in no eliminations during the second week.
Reception.
During the final weeks of the competition, producer Soraya Sánchez was asked about the show's ratings to which she replied that "they've been good in general" and that they were "in a good path". Sánchez has said that she is looking forward to future seasons of the singing competition show and that this first experience was "a promising start". She also said that the participation in the voting was at "half a million votes".

</doc>
<doc id="31039806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039806" title="L-11 76.2 mm tank gun">
L-11 76.2 mm tank gun

The L-11 was a Soviet 76.2mm (3 inch) tank gun, used on the earliest model of the T-34 medium tank. L-11 was used on T-34 Model 1940 and KV-1 Model 1939.
The L-11 gun was 30.5 calibers long.

</doc>
<doc id="31039815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039815" title="Hartley-Rose Belting Company Building">
Hartley-Rose Belting Company Building

The Hartley-Rose Belting Company Building in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, is a building from 1906. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="31039830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039830" title="Community gardens in New Orleans">
Community gardens in New Orleans

The community gardens of the city of New Orleans, Louisiana were first initiated in the 1980s during the oil bust, when oil related industry was leaving the city. Community gardens were developed on indigent properties in an attempt to turn eyesores into productive, attractive use that could support the surrounding neighborhood. The idea was fostered through the Parkway Commission, then saddled with the burden of improving blighted properties for the city. At its peak there were 154 community gardens developed in New Orleans, all developed through an organization called Parkway Partners. Many of the gardens fell to disuse or development and the number of sustained gardens stabilized at about 50.
During the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina, Parkway Partners was able to revitalize 31 gardens and additionally established 5 orchards. In the meantime, a surge in the number of gardens again took place throughout the city in a variety of ways, again due to an enormous number of blighted properties. Churches, miscellaneous neighborhood based organizations began gardens on their owned property.

</doc>
<doc id="31039833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039833" title="Heathside Cottage">
Heathside Cottage

The Heathside Cottage in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, is a building from 1855. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="31039850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039850" title="United Nations Security Council Resolution 1618">
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1618

United Nations Security Council resolution1618, adopted unanimously on 4 August 2005, after reaffirming resolutions on the situation in Iraq, including Resolution 1546 (2004), the Council condemned terrorist attacks that had taken place in Iraq and expressed its determination to combat terrorism. 
Resolution.
Observations.
The Security Council began by expressing its support for the people of Iraq during the political transition, despite attacks in the country. It reaffirmed resolutions 1267 (1999), 1373 (2001) and 1566 (2004), the United Nations Charter and the need to combat the threat of terrorism. Steps by the Iraqi government to undertake national dialogue were welcomed.
Acts.
The resolution condemned terrorist attacks that had taken place in Iraq, particularly those that had taken place in recent weeks, and the kidnapping and attacks on foreign diplomats. In this regard, the Council expressed condolences to the victims, their families, and the government of Iraq. 
The Council affirmed that terrorism could not affect the political and economic transition in Iraq, and all states were called upon to abide by obligations contained in various resolutions concerning terrorism, including to bring the perpetrators, organisers and sponsors of the attacks to justice. Furthermore, they were also asked to assist Iraq in providing protection to foreign diplomatic and United Nations staff, and other foreign civilians working in the country. 

</doc>
<doc id="31039852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039852" title="Andrew Justin Stewart Coats">
Andrew Justin Stewart Coats

Andrew Justin Stewart Coats (born 1 February 1958) is an Australian–British academic cardiologist who has particular interest in the management of heart failure. His research turned established teaching on its head and promoted exercise training (rather than bed rest) as a treatment for chronic heart failure. He was instrumental in describing the "muscle hypothesis" of heart failure. In addition to this, Coats is also a successful fundraiser, university administrator, and inventor. His Imperial College patents have formed the basis of companies specialising in the treatment of cachexia (Myotec and PsiOxus).
Early life and education.
Andrew J. Stewart Coats was born and raised in Melbourne, Australia. His father, Douglas A. Coats, was a Professor of Resuscitation who first described essential fatty acids.
Coats was educated at Melbourne Grammar School, where he was "proxime accessit" Head of School and a School Officer; St Catherine's College, Oxford, where he earned a B.A. in Physiological Sciences with First-Class Honours and won the Rose Prize; and Clare College, Cambridge, where he read medicine, earning a M.B. B.Chir., and was top of his year with two distinctions.
Career.
Medical career.
After qualifying in medicine in 1980, Coats started his career at St Vincent's Hospital, Melbourne under Professor David Penington and then the University of Oxford under Professor Peter Sleight. In 1991, he was appointed Senior Lecturer, supported by the British Heart Foundation, at the National Heart and Lung Institute under Professor Philip Poole-Wilson.
In 1996, he was appointed the Viscount Royston Professor of Cardiology at Imperial College. He was also honorary consultant physician at the Royal Brompton Hospital in London, and its Clinical Director for Cardiology and its Associate Medical Director.
In 2002, Coats became the 17th Dean of the Faculty of Medicine at the University of Sydney. In 2006, he was appointed Deputy Vice-Chancellor (External Communications) of the University of Sydney.
In 2009, Coats was appointed the second Norwich Research Park Professor-at-Large, second to Baron Solly Zuckerman.
In 2011, Coats was appointed Chief Executive Officer of the Norwich Research Park.
In 2013, he will take up the position of Joint Academic Vice-President of Monash University, Australia and the University of Warwick, UK.
Research career.
Coats commenced his research career in hypertension, where he did some of the early work on the clinical value of 24-hour ambulatory blood pressure monitoring. His subsequent career, forming the bulk of his more than 550 research papers, has been in the field of heart failure where he conducted the first ever randomised trial of exercise training in chronic heart failure.
He coined the term "The Muscle Hypothesis", the now accepted explanation for the generation of exercise-limiting symptoms in chronic heart failure, but at the time a radical theory.
He has been chairman or a member of the steering committee of many large-scale international drug trials that have influenced treatment of cardiovascular disease. These include the Carvedilol Prospective Randomized Cumulative Survival (COPERNICUS) Trial, OPTIMAAL (angiotensin receptor antagonist in heart failure), and SENIORS (management of heart failure in the elderly).
He has published widely, with over 450 items on PubMed as of February 2011 and has been Editor-in-Chief of the "International Journal of Cardiology" since 1999.
National and international work.
Stewart Coats was appointed chair of Australia's peak policy body for Health Informatics, the Australian Health Information Council (AHIC). He sat on many committees and chaired the New South Wales Ministerial Advisory Committee on Health and Medical Research (MACMHR). In his three years as Deputy Vice-Chancellor in charge of External Relations and Development at Sydney, the university achieved the highest ever fund-raising total for any Australian university, in excess of A$50 million per year.
Commercial career.
Coats completed an M.B.A. at London Business School and subsequently became a Fellow of the Australian Institute of Company Directors and a member of London's Institute of Directors. He has also been a board director of a number of private and public companies, including Myotec, PsiOxus, Lone Star Heart Inc., Centenary Institute, the Heart Research Institute, Cardiodirect (UK) Limited, the Woolcock Institute of Medical Research, and the George Institute of International Health.
Family.
Coats married Susan Jane Clark in 1986 and they have three sons.
Coats has two brothers, one of whom, Peter, works for Minter Ellison in Melbourne. Peter has previously been the firm's managing partner over a number of years, specialising in asbestos litigation, coronial inquests, liability claims and occupational health and safety prosecutions, and insurance law and is a graduate of the Melbourne Law School (LL.B.) and University of Melbourne (B.A.).

</doc>
<doc id="31039855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039855" title="Prairie Oyster discography">
Prairie Oyster discography

This is a discography for Canadian country music group Prairie Oyster.

</doc>
<doc id="31039858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039858" title="World Conference">
World Conference

World Conference may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31039863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039863" title="Bill Paul (cyclist)">
Bill Paul (cyclist)

William George ("Bill") Paul, (1910 – 29 January 2003) was an English amateur cyclist who, with his team-mate 'Ernie' Mills, set the British 12-hour record on a tandem in 1934 and re-established it in 1936 with a 'world's best performance'. In 1937, in Italy, they set the world one-hour tandem record which stood for 63 years until September 2000. The Addiscombe Cycle Club team-mates set 20 world and British records at both short and long distances.
His achievements were celebrated in 1937 when Cycling Weekly jointly awarded him and Ernie Mills their own page in the Golden Book of Cycling.
Personal life.
Paul lived in the Addiscombe area near Croydon, London.
Career.
In 1934 Bill Paul was paired with his club team-mate, Ernie Mills, also from the Addiscombe Cycle Club in Croydon. Initially they had been on opposing tandem teams but together they covered over 30 miles in one hour in 1936 and won a 10 minute pursuit race in less than four minutes.
Together they set the British 12-hour tandem record in 1934, and, after losing it in 1936 to both G.A.Birtchnell and C.G.Taylor, and later C.C.Melhuish and H.G.Chapman, Mills and Paul then retook the record in September 1936 with a 'world's best performance'.
In 1936 Mills and Paul set a British record for a 30 mile ride on a tandem, covering the distance in 1 hour 5 minutes 3 seconds.
In 1937 Mills and Paul set the 'World Tandem Hour Record', 31.06 miles (49.991 km), at the Velodromo Vigorelli (Velodromo Comunale Vigorelli) track in Milan owned by 'Vigorelli Cycles'. The trip had been funded by readers of "Cycling" magazine. This record stood until 23 September 2000 at Manchester Velodrome when it was beaten by Simon Keeton and Jon Rickard of Rutland Cycling Club.
As of 2011 Mills and Paul's 1938 100-mile tandem record at Addiscombe Cycle Club of still stands.
Commemoration.
The Golden Book.
Mills & Paul's achievements were celebrated in 1937 when Cycling Weekly awarded them their own page in the Golden Book of Cycling.
Cigarette cards.
In 1939 Mills and Paul's efforts were celebrated nationally when John Player & Sons issued a Cigarette card of them on their tandem. In a series of 50 cards called "Cycling 1839-1939", they were featured on card no.45 titled "Tandem track position".

</doc>
<doc id="31039867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039867" title="Harald Herlofson">
Harald Herlofson

Harald Herlofson (1887–1957) was a Norwegian rower who competed for Christiania Roklub. He competed in coxed eights at the 1912 Summer Olympics in Stockholm. He was the brother of footballer Charles Herlofson.

</doc>
<doc id="31039870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039870" title="2011 European Wrestling Championships">
2011 European Wrestling Championships

The 2011 FILA European Wrestling Championships were held in Dortmund, Germany, from March 29 to April 3, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31039876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039876" title="Henderson-Metz House">
Henderson-Metz House

The Henderson-Metz House is located in the Fineview neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The house was built circa 1860, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="31039889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039889" title="Highland Building">
Highland Building

The Highland Building is a 13-story building in the East Liberty neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Construction on the a building was completed in 1909, with Daniel Burnham being the principal designer. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
Henry Clay Frick originally commissioned the building. Following the Chicago school of architecture, the building features a granite base and terracotta exterior. Beginning around the 1960s, however, the building gradually fell into disrepair coinciding with the decline of East Liberty. Classical ornament on the roof was replaced with substandard material and water entered the basement. Over time, the interior would essentially become destroyed.
Prior to 2012, the Highland Building experienced twenty years of complete dormancy. With assistance from the state of Pennsylvania and the Urban Redevelopment Authority of Pittsburgh, construction began in 2012 to restore the exterior and reconstruct the interior of the Highland Building, join it with the adjacent three-story Wallace Building, and convert the entire complex into 127 apartments.

</doc>
<doc id="31039901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039901" title="Apostolic Church of Pentecost">
Apostolic Church of Pentecost

The Apostolic Church of Pentecost (ACOP) is a Pentecostal Christian denomination with origins in the Pentecostal revival of the early 20th century. Although multi-national, ACOP has its strongest membership in Canada. In 2002 ACOP reported “approximately 24,000 members in Canada, with 450 ministers and 153 churches.” There are ACOP churches in all the provinces of Canada. ACOP’s headquarters is in Calgary, Alberta.
Structure.
Unlike traditional denominations that are usually based on top-down organizational structures, ACOP describes itself as a “fellowship.” The different term emphasizes that ACOP originated as a “grass-roots organization with a minimal amount of organization.” This kind of organizational structure allows local churches to work autonomously, under the umbrella of ACOP’s covering but without a head office dictating what each church must do, or the programs it must offer.
Mission and vision statements.
The mission statement of ACOP is: “To engage in community transformation by developing effective leaders and healthy churches.” The implication is that training strong leaders will produce healthy churches. The vision statement of ACOP is “To be a passionate people extending God’s grace and igniting hope in every community.” Alongside of ACOP’s mission and vision statement is a list of core values.
Beliefs.
Theologically, ACOP is in the Pentecostal tradition of Protestant Christianity, and aligns itself with the evangelical movement.
The ACOP considers that the Biblical inspiration of the Bible makes it the authoritative and infallible written word of God. It believes that there is one God who is Father, Son, and Holy Spirit; in the virgin birth of Jesus; that Jesus is humanity’s only possible savior; in the total depravity of humanity; that all of humanity needs to hear the gospel and turn to Christ in faith for redemption; in the reality of a spiritual realm, which includes God, Heaven, Satan, the personal return of Jesus Christ, and a final judgment; in communion; and in baptism by immersion.
As a Pentecostal fellowship, the ACOP believes in the Pentecostal distinctive of baptism in the Holy Spirit with the evidence of speaking in tongues. ACOP teaches that this experience is subsequent to the experience of salvation, and leads to a “Spirit filled life.” ACOP believes that the Holy Spirit is the catalyst for sanctification. It believes in the present-day use of other spiritual gifts, such as divine healing.
ACOP view is that marriage is "a life-long exclusive commitment between one man and one woman". In 2006 ACOP signed an official Joint Declaration on Marriage affirming this position with over 40 different religious groups in Canada.
History.
Historical precursors (1906-1920).
Like many Pentecostal denominations, the ACOP originates from the modern Pentecostal movement of the early 20th century from the Azusa street revival in Los Angeles.
As the early Pentecostalism movement expanded into Canada, there was an unsuccessful attempt in 1909 to organize Canadian Pentecostals. In 1918 a decision was made to form the Pentecostal Assemblies of Canada (PAOC), and a dominion charter was granted on May 17, 1919.
The PAOC organization held to three distinctive beliefs: to William Durham's Finished Work of Calvary doctrine, to the Oneness doctrine of the Godhead, and to water baptism in Jesus' Name. However, due to disagreement on these issues, the early unity of the PAOC did not last long. Shortly after the charter was granted, a group of ministers and churches withdrew their support because of doctrinal disagreement, especially over the oneness doctrine and baptism in Jesus' name. This group aligned itself with the US organization, the Assemblies of God. By 1920, the PAOC itself merged with the AOG, shifting its theological stance toward a more Trinitarian viewpoint.
Origins of ACOP (1920-1950).
On 1 January 1920 Rev. Frank Small, a member of PAOC, wrote a letter to his organization stating “if you feel that I am unworthy of your further fellowship owing to my doctrinal stand, I shall leave my further fellowship to your judgment as to whether I am recognized as one of you” (the doctrinal differences are later clarified in Small’s private correspondence as his belief in the finished work and the oneness doctrine). This letter was not recognized in any formal capacity by the PAOC, but Frank Small’s name was removed from the next PAOC ministerial list.
Small then founded a new Pentecostal denomination, called the Apostolic Church of Pentecost, which was granted Dominion charter on 25 October 1921. “With the doctrinal break in fellowship, he founded an organization that for many years endured as the only native Canadian Oneness organization.” Small believed strongly that organization should never take precedence over Scripture. A big part of Small’s focus was a belief that “God was bypassing the ‘old denominations’ and restoring the pure apostolic truth and practice to the church in the last days before the return of Christ.”
He considered that the oneness of the Godhead was being revealed. He published a paper called Living Waters in which he said that the Trinitarians had given Christ an “inferiority complex in the eyes of the world” by “separating Christ from his fatherhood.” He also said that “Any teaching that minimizes the Lord Jesus Christ to second place in the Godhead in authority or power, is to be laid at the door of the enemy.”
The first ACOP conference took place in Winnipeg, Manitoba in 1921, where Frank Small was elected the first moderator. Early in its history, the ACOP focused on three main things: missions work, a small publication called Living Waters (produced by Small), and the need for Bible training. During its early years, ACOP saw tremendous growth, including: “new churches planted, missionaries thrust out into the work of God, Bible Schools established, denominational material published and Camp ministries started.”
Merger (1950-1953).
In 1950 an interfellowship meeting was held in Calgary, Alberta between the ACOP and another Pentecostal denomination called the Evangelical Churches of Pentecost (ECP). At this meeting it was determined that an amalgamation should take place between the two groups. One possible motive for the merger is described by ACOP historian Linda Wegner as “the realization that by blending two structures into one, they could expand their spheres of influence and hopefully, their effectiveness of ministry would increase proportionally.” The merger process took some time to work itself out, as a variety of questions had to be answered. Both denominations had their own camps, bible schools, policies on how to support missions, and consequently, much discussion was necessary before the merger could become a reality. Nevertheless, on May 29, 1953 the merger was officially in place. Despite the fact that almost all members of the ECP switched their membership over to the ACOP, the ECP charter was never dissolved, and is currently employed by a group called the Christian Ministers' Association.
Post-Merger Years (1954-Present).
Before the merger with ECP, there were approximately 80 churches in the ACOP. After the merger, the ACOP experienced an increase in churches. In the decade from 1951-1961 ACOP had a growth spurt of about 40 new churches (compared to only about 20 in each of the previous three decades). From 1960 to 1980, growth went down but this trend was reversed in the late 1970s and early 1980s. Since that time there has been positive growth, and there are now about 150 churches a part of ACOP.
After the merger, ACOP’s growth prompted a desire to organize various departments to help stimulate further growth. Some of these include: Apostolic Women’s Ministries (AWM), Apostolic Youth Ministries (AYM), and the Apostolic Missions Division. More recently, there has been a shift away from providing departmental direction, toward making the departments into “resource centers” designed to empower people in their own churches to serve in individualized contexts. The main ACOP ministries that serve in this way are described in the section below on Divisional Ministries.
Divisional Ministries.
Apostolic Women’s Ministries.
The role of women in ACOP has always been important. Officially, women can hold leadership roles within ACOP, and several have been ordained into the pastorate. There is also a formal organization within ACOP that provides venues for women within ACOP to work together to support each other and work on common projects. This organization is called Apostolic Women's Ministries (AWM).
Apostolic Youth Ministries International.
The Apostolic Youth Ministries International (AYMI) ministry was founded to serve the youth of ACOP. 
It was started by Stanley Paulson who was a pastor and alumnus of FGBI. One of the earliest activities Stan organized for youth was Bible quizzing, (which is no longer a part of AYMI.)
AYMI publishes a quarterly publication called "Up", which can be viewed at: http://www.aymi.ca/up/.
Missions Division.
The Apostolic Missions Division finds its origins early in ACOP’s history, and its stated purpose is “to evangelize people throughout the world with the goal of establishing indigenous local churches, to train national leadership, and to support any aspect of missionary work.” Supporting missionaries has been at the heart of ACOP’s interests from the fellowship’s earliest years. Although it is hard to know for certain how many missionaries have been sent out by ACOP over the years, ACOP historian, Linda Wegner reports that from 1921 to 2001, there were at least 226 missionaries sent out to many different nations. As a result of ACOP’s missionary activity “there are 18 national organizations in 16 countries that are affiliated with the Apostolic Church of Pentecost of Canada”, and “there are approximately 3000 ACOP churches worldwide.”
Orphan Care.
Orphan Care is a partnership between ACOP and its affiliated churches in Africa. The goal of the partnership is to care for orphans who have lost their parents due to the AIDS/HIV crises. Since there are “many Christian families in Africa who are willing to take orphans into their homes but are prevented from doing so because they are financially unable” ACOP is trying to find donors who will provide the funds necessary for these families to care for orphans in their own homes. The cost for the program is “between $1.00 and $1.50 per day” which provides “food, clothing, education and basic medical care in a Christian home for an orphan in Africa.” Every donor receives a picture of one of the African children being cared for in this program as a prayer reminder.
One of the reasons the program is set up this way is because the philosophy behind Orphan Care is “that Christian homes provide a more stable and favorable atmosphere than orphanages.”
Currently, the program is in operation in both Zimbabwe and Malawi, and approval has been granted to extend the program into Zambia as well.
Global Harvest Fund.
In 1997, ACOP’s dream of creating a professionally managed fund to support missionaries became a reality. The fund was specifically designed to help new missionaries get established, but is also intended “to assist missionaries who are supported through the ACOP office to help cover costs such as vehicles for the field, upgrades to computer equipment, airfare, conference fees, etc.”
The fund is called the Global Harvest Fund (GHF), and it has two main components: an Endowment Fund and an Operating Fund. All donations to the GHF are divided equally between these two components. All returns on investment in the Endowment Fund are channeled into the Operating Fund.
2020 Vision.
The 2020 Vision is the name of ACOP’s church planting initiative to launch 50 new churches in Canada by 2020, ACOP’s centennial year. In order to accomplish this goal, in 2008 ACOP established an endowment fund called the “Daniel and Helen Breen Memorial Church Planting Endowment Fund” of 2 million dollars. The first million was raised by ACOP churches, districts, and individual members, and the second million was a matching gift from Canadian entrepreneur Jim Pattison.
Associated Ministries.
National Groups.
The following are national groups affiliated with ACOP Canada:
Moderators/Presidents.
ACOP originally called the head of the fellowship its “moderator.” Recently, this was changed to reflect the more modern term “president.”

</doc>
<doc id="31039907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039907" title="Diego Germán Martínez">
Diego Germán Martínez

Diego Germán Martínez (born August 5, 1981 in Montevideo, Uruguay) is a Uruguayan footballer currently playing for C.A. Bella Vista.

</doc>
<doc id="31039913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039913" title="Arizona v. New Mexico">
Arizona v. New Mexico

Arizona v. New Mexico, 425 U.S. 794 (1976), is an opinion from the United States Supreme Court which denied a motion from the State of Arizona seeking authorization to file suit against the State of New Mexico by invoking the original jurisdiction of the court.
Background.
Most of the electricity generated at the Four Corners Generating Station located in northwest New Mexico is transmitted for export and sold in neighboring states. In 1975 New Mexico enacted the Electrical Energy Tax Act, which imposed a tax on electricity generated by power plants within the state. The tax amounted to about 2 percent of the retail value of electricity. The Act further allowed electric companies in New Mexico to credit the amount of this tax against their existing tax liability from an existing 4 percent gross receipts tax on retail sales of electricity, essentially eliminating the effect of the tax upon New Mexico's in-state users of electricity. Electricity generated from in-state power plants but exported for sale to out-of-state customers did not have any gross receipts tax liability to credit the energy tax against.
Arizona filed a motion seeking to invoke the original jurisdiction of the Supreme Court under Article III Section 2 of the United States Constitution for authorization to file a complaint against New Mexico. Section 2 of Article III states that in cases in which a state is a party, the Supreme Court will have original jurisdiction, meaning that the trial will take place before the court. The complaint alleged that the New Mexico energy tax was invalid as it placed an unconstitutional burden on interstate commerce in violation of the Commerce Clause, denied Arizona due process and equal protection under the law under the Fourteenth Amendment, and abridged the privileges and immunities guarantied by Article IV, Section 2 of the Constitution.
New Mexico in its reply to the motion argued that the Court should deny the motion as the three Arizona electric companies had filed an action in the district court of Santa Fe County seeking a declaratory judgment that the energy tax was invalid, and that the companies had refused to pay the tax.
Decision.
The Supreme Court in a per curiam opinion denied the motion of Arizona. The opinion noted, based upon its decisions in "Massachusetts v. Missouri", 308 U.S. 1 (1939), and "Illinois v. City of Milwaukee", 406 U.S. 91 (1972), that the original jurisdiction of the Supreme Court was to be used only in appropriate cases based upon the seriousness of the case and whether another forum was available with jurisdiction over the parties and where the issues could be litigated. By using its discretion and limiting the instances where original jurisdiction was granted, the Court could devote its time and resources to its appellate cases. In this case, the Court concluded that the pending state court case was the appropriate forum for litigation of the same issues involving the New Mexico energy tax.
Justice Stevens filed a concurring opinion noting that the complaint of Arizona failed to allege that the New Mexico tax has an impact on the electric rates paid by Arizona consumers, and that Arizona was not sufficiently affected by the tax to justify the original jurisdiction of the court. Because the Arizona electric companies, including the Salt River Project, which is a unit of the Arizona state government, had access to a state court to litigate the issue, Stevens concurred in the judgment.
Subsequent developments.
The case that the three electric companies had filed in state court eventually was appealed to the Supreme Court. In "Arizona Public Service Co. v. Snead", 441 U.S. 141 (1979), the Court held that the New Mexico energy tax was invalid under the Supremacy Clause of the Constitution in light of a federal statute prohibiting such a tax. The federal statute had been enacted specifically to prohibit state electric generation and transmission taxes, such as the New Mexico energy tax, that discriminate against interstate commerce.

</doc>
<doc id="31039915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039915" title="Julie V. Lund">
Julie V. Lund

Julie V. Lund (born c. 1969) is a juvenile court judge for Utah’s Third District Juvenile Court; she serves Salt Lake, Summit, and Tooele Counties. She was appointed to the position by Governor Gary Herbert on November 9, 2010 to replace Judge Sharon P. McCully, who retired in September of that year.
Education.
Judge Lund attended Colorado public schools until her graduation from Basalt High School in 1977. She attended the University of Colorado at Boulder as an undergraduate. In 1981, Judge Lund graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in Political Science from CU-Boulder and then moved to Salt Lake City, Utah while her husband attended law school at the University of Utah. At her husband’s urging she decided to go to law school and in 1983 she applied to and was accepted by the University of Utah’s College of Law (subsequently renamed the S.J. Quinney College of Law). She graduated with her juris doctor in May 1986 and was admitted to practice law in the state of Utah on October 7, 1986. She is President-elect of the University of Utah S. J. Quinney College of Law Alumni Board (2003–present). During her teenage years, Judge Lund aspired to be a teacher and has been able to further her lifelong interest in children both during her career at the Utah Attorney General’s office and now as a juvenile court judge.
Legal career.
After first practicing law in private practice at Green & Berry in Salt Lake City, in 1995 Lund joined the Child Protection Division of the Utah Attorney General’s Office, where she stayed until she was appointed to the juvenile court bench. In 2000, she was instrumental in initiating the Family Dependency Drug Court for the Third District Juvenile Court. In 2001 she was promoted to Section Chief and in 2007 she became the Division Chief where she supervised the largest division in the AG’s office. In 2003, Attorney General Mark Shurtleff named her Attorney of the Year, stating, “She works tirelessly to help reunite families affected by drug abuse. She is simply an outstanding attorney.” During her tenure as Division Chief of the Child Protection Division she served on many committees that addressed important issues relating to children, including but not limited to the Standing Committee on Child and Family Law, the Child Welfare Parental Defense Oversight Committee, the Safety Model Task Force, and the USAAV Drug Exposed Newborns Committee. Judge Lund is a member of the Utah State Bar and throughout her several years’ membership in that organization she served on several committees, including the Judicial Performance Evaluation Committee (1998–2005). She is also a member of the Salt Lake County Bar Association and serves on its Executive Committee. She has been a member of the Utah State Court’s Court Improvement Program since 2007, serving on the Dual Adjudication and the Table of 6 Management Committees.
Senate confirmation.
On December 8, 2010 she was confirmed by the Utah Senate Confirmation Committee. At the confirmation hearings, she noted that she has been entrusted with the lives of the children of Utah and that the judicial decisions she makes will have lasting, long-term consequences not only for those that appear before her but for their family members, friends, and the community as a whole. She believes it is important that she remain open minded to hear and understand all sides of the issue so that she can make the best decision based on all information before her. During the confirmation interview, she spoke of an early experience at the Attorney General’s Office that showed her how she could make a difference in children’s lives. She also discussed her general philosophy on parental rights (she wants to keep families together and believes children do better when placed with family/extended family, but at the same time she believes that if parents are given opportunities to remedy the situation that brought them into court yet continue to fail to remedy the situation, then children deserve to move onto more permanent placement); her general philosophy on delays in court processes (we need to be considerate of people and respectful of their time ‒ attorneys and others that appear before her need to be ready to proceed on matters that have been set so they don’t waste time and cause undue delay); and her belief that the Children’s Justice Center provides a safe environment for children and also facilitates important training for professionals that interview children. At the conclusion of the confirmation interview, the Committee gave unanimous consent for her appointment to the bench. and on December 14, 2010, the full Senate confirmed her appointment as a Juvenile Court Judge.
Community involvement.
Judge Lund is an active member of the community, lending her organizational and people skills to many organizations dedicated to advancing the lives of children and others in the community. She is a past-president of the Madeleine Choir School/Home & School Association, is a former Trustee of The Children’s Center (1997–2003), was a member of the Utah Children's Justice Center Advisory Board (2004–2010), and for several years was a member of the Junior League of Salt Lake City (1994–2000). She is a former member of the Salt Lake Area Safe at Home Coalition (2003–2007) and volunteered for many school committees during her sons’ school years.

</doc>
<doc id="31039923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039923" title="List of mountain peaks in Pirin">
List of mountain peaks in Pirin

This is an incomplete list of mountain peaks in Pirin, south-western Bulgaria.

</doc>
<doc id="31039925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039925" title="Barbie Fashion Model Collection">
Barbie Fashion Model Collection

The Barbie Fashion Model Collection is a line of dolls introduced in 2000. The collection features dolls aimed at the adult collector, and is primarily sold via the Barbiecollector.com website and online retailers. The dolls in the collection are all made from a material called Silkstone, a durable material that simulates the weight and feel of porcelain dolls. To date, all of the female dolls have featured the 1993 resculpt of the original Barbie face from 1959, with updated facial screening and a variety of skin tones, hair colors, and fashion ensembles. The collection has also featured the Ken character, and as of 2011, the Francie character. In 2010, a line of dolls based on characters from the AMC television drama "Mad Men" were produced.

</doc>
<doc id="31039926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039926" title="Einar Sommerfeldt">
Einar Sommerfeldt

Einar Sommerfeldt (16 July 1889 – 29 April 1976) was a Norwegian rower who competed for Christiania Roklub. He competed in coxed eights at the 1912 Summer Olympics in Stockholm.

</doc>
<doc id="31039929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039929" title="Highland Towers Apartments">
Highland Towers Apartments

The Highland Towers Apartments in the Shadyside neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, is a building from 1913. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="31039930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039930" title="Ray Fulmer">
Ray Fulmer

Raymond Stover Fulmer, known as Ray Fulmer (born February 17, 1933), is a former actor, originally from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, best known for his role as Steve Baxter in the final season of Shirley Booth's situation comedy "Hazel", which aired on CBS television from September 13, 1965, to April 11, 1966.
Fulmer first began on Broadway with a role in Auntie Mame, co-starring with a number of different actresses in the lead role, including Rosalind Russell, Greer Garson, Beatrice Lillie and Eve Arden. His big acting break came in Chicago when he co-starred opposite Kathryn Crosby in the play, Sunday in New York. Crosby's husband, legendary singer Bing Crosby, gave Hollywood producers rave reviews of Fulmer's work, which led to a number of roles.
Prior to Hazel, Fulmer had appeared once on film, in the role of "Aga" on "Wild Is My Love" in 1963 and four times on network television: as Holmes in the 1964 episode "Mail Call" of ABC's war-time drama "Combat!" and in three segments between November 1964 and January 1965 of NBC's "The Rogues".
Fulmer was thirty-two when he assumed the new role of Steve Baxter, a fictitious real estate agent and younger brother of corporation attorney George Baxter; his wife Barbara is portrayed by Lynn Borden. Hazel and Harold move into the home of Steve and Barbara Baxter while George, played by Don DeFore and his wife Dorothy, portrayed by Whitney Blake, are assigned overseas temporarily by virtue of George Baxter's work.
The twenty-nine episodes in which Fulmer appears are the last of the series, but "Hazel" had already run for 125 episodes on NBC from 1961-1965. The name "Steve Baxter" had never been mentioned in the previous four years of the series. "Hazel" could have been renewed for a sixth season with Fulmer in the cast, as it had good ratings, but Shirley Booth's health issues at the time led instead to cancellation. Booth also owned her series.
Fulmer's debut episode is entitled "Who's in Charge Here?" His last segment, indeed the final of the series, is entitled "A Question of Ethics." In that final season, Bobby Buntrock remained in his role as Harold Baxter, the son of George and Dorothy, while Julia Benjamin debuted in the role of Susie Baxter, the daughter of Steve and Barbara and cousin of Harold.
After the show was cancelled following his only season, Fulmer made no attempt to hide his criticism of the show's scripts, saying that they were repetitious, full of grammatical errors and sloppy writing, and had plot flaws. However, he had nothing but praise for Booth, saying, "What's amazing is how Shirley Booth can make something out of nothing. It has been an education to watch her work." 
After "Hazel", Fulmer portrayed Lee Gantry from November 1968 to 1971 on the CBS soap opera "The Guiding Light". He had a second soap opera role in 1974 as Martin Nell Dillard in the daytime drama "Somerset," a 1970-1976 spin-off of NBC's "Another World".
Fulmer's last television role was as Hugh Porter on the episode "The Razor's Edge," which was released on September 13, 1992, on the syndicated series, "The New WKRP in Cincinnati". Fulmer later hosted infomercials for self-help guru Tony Robbins.

</doc>
<doc id="31039940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039940" title="Hoene-Werle House">
Hoene-Werle House

The Hoene-Werle House in the Manchester neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, was built in 1887 as a double house with a courtyard in the rear and a complex molded brick and millwork cornice in the front. German immigrants Herman H. Hoene, who owned a retail piano store, and Fred C. Werle, a druggist, originally owned the house. 
The house was abandoned then acquired by the city in the 1970s and then bought in the 1980s and restored. 
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. It is also part of the Manchester Historic District

</doc>
<doc id="31039943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039943" title="Jan Christiaan Lindeman">
Jan Christiaan Lindeman

Jan Christiaan Lindeman (26 June 1921 – 18 July 2007) was a Dutch botanist specialized in the Flora of Suriname. Lindeman work in the Brazilian state Paraná for years. 
He also worked als a Hij werkte als scientific researcher at the herbarium of Utrecht University.

</doc>
<doc id="31039954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039954" title="House at 200 West North Avenue">
House at 200 West North Avenue

The House at 200 West North Avenue in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania was built in 1890 in the Queen Anne style. The house was likely built for Jasper M. Porter the Secretary/Treasurer of the Savage Fire-Brick Company. He owned the property until 1903. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. 

</doc>
<doc id="31039968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039968" title="Hanna's War">
Hanna's War

"Hanna's War" is a 1988 film co-written and directed by Menahem Golan. The film is based on "The Diaries Of Hanna Senesh" and the biographical novel "A Great Wind Cometh" by Yoel Palgi. It is a biopic detailing the true story of Hannah Szenes.
Plot.
Hannah Senesh was a real-life Hungarian Jew who became a martyr to the cause of freedom during World War II. Though safely living in British Mandate Palestine at the start of the war, Hannah volunteers to venture behind enemy lines in Europe knowing that in all likelihood, she will die. She is captured, undergoing horrendous tortures before the Germans execute her.
DVD and VHS availability.
Although the film has not been released on DVD, the VHS version is available for sale at sites such as Amazon.com.

</doc>
<doc id="31039969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039969" title="Lara Melda">
Lara Melda

Lara Melda, formerly Ömeroğlu, (born on 16 December 1993 in London, England) is a concert pianist.
Biography.
Melda was born in London to Turkish parents. Her sister, Melis, inspired her to start learning to play the piano. In 2010, Melda was the winner of BBC Young Musician of the Year at the age of sixteen, performing Saint-Saëns' Piano Concerto No. 2 in the final round, with Vasily Petrenko and the BBC National Orchestra of Wales in Cardiff. The competition had an international following via television and radio broadcasts on the BBC. Since then she has also performed Mozart's Piano Concerto K. 466 and Beethoven's Piano Concerto No. 3 with the BBC National Orchestra of Wales.
Melda is a student at the Royal College of Music where she is a Queen Elizabeth Queen Mother Scholar supported by a Musicians' Company Lambert Studentship. She began piano lessons with Emily Jeffrey at the age of six and currently studies with Ian Jones. Melda is also an accomplished viola player and enjoys playing chamber music on both piano and viola. In 2009 she was a finalist in the International Franz Liszt Piano Competition in Weimar, Germany.
In the autumn of 2013, Melda made her debut performing at the Barbican Centre in London and also with the Britten Sinfonia in a performance of Britten's "Young Apollo". Recital performances include Istanbul and her debut at the Laeiszhalle in Hamburg as well as several concerts in the UK. Previous concerto performances have included Rachmaninov with the Royal Northern Sinfonia and Kirill Karabits, Mozart with the Aurora Orchestra and Nicholas Collon (Kings Place) and the Grieg concerto with English Sinfonia (St John's, Smith Square). She has played recitals at Les Sommets Musicaux in Gstaad, Switzerland; the Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Festival in Germany and at Wigmore Hall.
Melda performs regularly in Turkey and made her debut at the International Music Festival in Istanbul in June 2011, playing the Grieg concerto with the Borusan Philharmonic. She has also been presented by the Istanbul Recitals piano series and performed at the Antalya Piano Festival and Boğaziçi University. On 24 March 2012, she received a Promising Artist award from Kadir Has University in Istanbul.

</doc>
<doc id="31039974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039974" title="Duchy of Thuringia">
Duchy of Thuringia

The Duchy of Thuringia was an eastern frontier march of the Merovingian kingdom of Austrasia, established about 631 by King Dagobert I after his troops had been defeated by the forces of the Slavic confederation of Samo at the Battle of Wogastisburg. It was recreated in the Carolingian Empire and its dukes appointed by the king until it was absorbed by the Saxon dukes in 908. From about 1111/12 the territory was ruled by the Landgraves of Thuringia as Princes of the Holy Roman Empire.
History.
The former kingdom of the Thuringii arose during the Migration Period after the decline of the Hunnic Empire in Central Europe in the mid 5th century, culminating in their defeat in the 454 Battle of Nedao. With Bisinus a first Thuringian king is documented about 500, who ruled over extended estates that stretched beyond the Main River in the south. His son and successor Hermanafrid married Amalaberga, a niece of the Ostrogoth king Theoderic the Great, thereby hedging the threat of incursions by the Merovingian Franks in the west. However, when King Theoderic died in 526, they took the occasion to invade the Thuringian lands and finally carried off the victory in a 531 battle on the Unstrut River. King Theuderic of Rheims had Hermanafrid trapped in Zülpich ("Tolbiacum") where the last Thuringian king was killed. His niece Princess Radegund was kidnapped by King Chlothar I and died in exile in 586.
The Thuringian realm was shattered: the territory north of the Harz mountain range was settled by Saxon tribes, while the Franks moved into the southern parts on the Main River. The estates east of the Saale River were beyond Frankish control and taken over by Polabian Slavs.
Merovingian duchy.
The first documented duke ("dux") of remaining Thuringia was a local noble named Radulf, installed by King Dagobert in the early 630s. Radulf was able to secure the Frankish border along the Saale River in the east from Slavic incursions. However, according to the "Chronicle of Fredegar", in 641/2 his victories "turned his head" (i.e., made him proud) and he allied with Samo and rebelled against Dagobert's successor, King Sigebert III, even going so far as to declare himself king ("rex") of Thuringia. A punitive expedition led by the Frankish Mayor of the Palace Grimoald ultimatively failed and Radulf was able to maintain his semi-autonomous position. His successors of the local ducal dynasty, the Hedenen, supported missionary activity within the duchy, but seem to have lost their hold on Thuringia after the rise of the Pippinids in the early eighth century. A conflict with Charles Martel around 717–19 brought an end to autonomy. 
In 849, the eastern part of Thuringia was organised as the "limes Sorabicus", or Sorbian March, and placed under a duke named Thachulf. In the "Annals of Fulda" his title is "dux Sorabici limitis", "duke of the Sorbian frontier", but he and his successors were commonly known as "duces Thuringorum", "dukes of the Thuringians", as they set about establishing their power over the old duchy. After Thachulf's death in 873, the Sorbs rose in revolt and he was succeeded by his son Radulf. In 880, King Louis replaced Radulf with Poppo, perhaps a kinsman. Poppo instigated a war with Saxony in 882 and in 883 he and his brother Egino fought a civil war for control of Thuringia, in which the latter was victorious. Egino died in 886 and Poppo resumed command. In 892, King Arnulf replaced Poppo with Conrad. This was an act of patronage by the king, for Conrad's house, the Conradines, were soon feuding with Poppo's, the Babenbergs. But Conrad's rule was short, perhaps because he had a lack of local support. He was replaced by Burchard, whose title in 903 was "marchio Thuringionum", "margrave of the Thuringians". Burchard had to defend Thuringia from the incursions of the Magyars and was defeated and killed in battle, along with the former duke Egino, on 3 August 908. He was the last recorded duke of Thuringia. The duchy was the smallest of the so-called "younger stem duchies", and was absorbed by Saxony after Burchard's death, when Burchard's sons were finally expelled by Duke Henry the Fowler in 913. The Thuringians remained a distinct people, and in the Middle Ages their land was organised as a landgraviate. 
Landgraviate.
A separate Thuringian stem duchy did not exist during the emergence of the German kingdom from East Francia in the 10th century. Large parts of the Thuringian estates were controlled by the Counts of Weimar and the Margraves of Meissen. According to the medieval chronicler Thietmar of Merseburg, Margrave Eckard I (d. 1002) was appointed Thuringian duke. After his assassination 1002, Count William II of Weimar acted as Thuringian spokesman with King Henry II of Germany. In 1111/12 Count Herman I of Winzenburg is documented as a Thuringian landgrave, the first mention of a secession from Saxony, however, he later had to yield as he sided with the Papacy during the Investiture Controversy.
Meanwhile the Franconian aristocrat Louis the Springer (1042–1123) laid the foundations for the erection of Wartburg Castle, which became the residence of his descendants who, beginning with his son Louis I, served as Thuringian landgraves. Louis I had married the Rhenish Franconian countess Hedwig of Gudensberg and became the heir of extended estates in Thuringia and Hesse. A close ally of King Lothair II of Germany against the rising Hohenstaufen dynasty, he was appointed Landgrave of Thuringia in 1131. The dynasty maintained the landgraviate throughout the fierce struggle of the Hohenstaufen and Welf royal families, occasionally switching sides according to the circumstances. 
Beside the Wartburg, the Ludowingian landgraves had further lavish residences erected, like Neuenburg Castle ("New Castle") near Freyburg, or Marburg Castle in their Hessian estates. In the "Golden Age" under Hohenstaufen rule, Thuringia became a centre of Middle High German culture, epitomized by the legendary "Sängerkrieg" at the Wartburg, or the ministry of Saint Elizabeth, the daughter of King Andrew II of Hungary. When Landgrave Louis IV married her in 1221, the Ludowingian dynasty had accomplished the advancement to one of the mightiest princely houses of the Holy Roman Empire. Under the rule of the landgraves town privileges were conferred to Mühlhausen and Nordhausen which became Free imperial cities, while the largest city Erfurt remained a possession of the Prince-Archbishops of Mainz. The landgraves maintained close ties with the Teutonic Knights, the order established several commandries east of the Saale, as in Altenburg and Schleiz, with the administrative seat of the Thuringian bailiwick in Zwätzen near Jena.
The last Thuringian landgrave Henry Raspe reached his appointment as German governor by the Hohenstaufen emperor Frederick II in 1242. However, when Frederick was declared deposed by Pope Innocent IV in 1246, he secured the support by the archbishops Siegfried III of Mainz and Conrad of Cologne and had himself elected German anti-king. Mocked as "rex clericorum" his rule remained disputed, though he was able to defeat the troops of Frederick's son Conrad IV he died one year later. His heritage was claimed by both the Wettin margrave Henry III of Meissen, son of Judith of Thuringia, and Duchess Sophie of Brabant, daughter of late Landgrave Louis IV - a conflict that led to the War of the Thuringian Succession.
As a result, Henry of Meissen gained the bulk of Thuringia in 1264, while the Hessian possessions of the landgraves was separated as the Landgraviate of Hesse under the rule of Sophie's son Henry I. The Meissen margraves of the Wettin dynasty retained the landgravial title. Upon the death of Margrave Frederick III of Meissen his younger brothers divided their heritage in the 1382 Division of Chemnitz, whereby Thuringia passed to Balthasar. Upon the death of Landgrave Frederick IV in 1440, Thuringia fell to his nephew Elector Frederick II of Saxony, the inheritance conflict with his brother William III led to the 1445 Division of Altenburg and the Saxon Fratricidal War over the Wettin lands. The Thuringian lands fell to William III, when he died childless in 1482, Elector Ernest, inherited the landgraviate, uniting the Wettin lands under his rule. After the 1485 Treaty of Leipzig, Thuringia split into the Saxon Ernestine and Albertine duchies.
Rulers.
Landgraves.
"purchased by King Adolph of Germany 1294–1298"

</doc>
<doc id="31039982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039982" title="Kaufmann's Department Store Warehouse">
Kaufmann's Department Store Warehouse

The Kaufmann's Department Store Warehouse (also known as the Forbes Stevenson Building, or Forbes Med-Tech Center) located in the Bluff neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, is a building from 1901. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="31039987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31039987" title="Andrej Brčák">
Andrej Brčák

Andrej Brčák (born 17 August 1984 in Trstená) is a Slovak football striker who currently plays for MFK Dolný Kubín, on loan from FK Nižná nad Oravou. His former club were the Slovak Corgoň Liga club FC ViOn. and MŠK Námestovo.

</doc>
<doc id="31040005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040005" title="Knoxville Junior High School">
Knoxville Junior High School

The Knoxville Junior High School in the Knoxville neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania is a building from 1927. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="31040027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040027" title="United Nations Security Council Resolution 1619">
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1619

United Nations Security Council resolution1619, adopted unanimously on 11 August 2005, after reaffirming previous resolutions on Iraq, particularly resolutions 1500 (2003), 1546 (2004) and 1557 (2004), the Council extended the mandate of the United Nations Assistance Mission in Iraq (UNAMI) for a further period of twelve months.
The Security Council reaffirmed the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Iraq, and the role of the United Nations in the country. It stressed that UNAMI should assist with national dialogue, which was "crucial for Iraq's political stability and unity". Extending UNAMI's mandate for an additional twelve months, the Council declared its intention to review its mandate if requested to do so by the Iraqi government.

</doc>
<doc id="31040039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040039" title="Double Image Backup">
Double Image Backup

Double Image backup software runs on Windows workstations and Windows Servers. Double Image was first released in March 1994 and since followed by major releases with Double Image 7.0 released January 12, 2011 to become compatible with Windows 7, Windows Vista and Windows Server 2008 operating systems. Double Image 7.0.43 released January 10, 2013 includes compatibility with Windows 8 and Windows Server 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="31040041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040041" title="Larimer School">
Larimer School

The Larimer School in the Larimer neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania is a school built in 1896. An addition was made in 1904, and the auditorium and gymnasium were added in 1931. The interior includes terrazzo floors and marble wainscotting. The exterior includes an ornately decorated door on the southwestern side of the building (perhaps Romanesque-inspired Renaissance Revival) with statues on pillars, a bas-relief sculpture over the door, and human faces near a marble portion of the roof. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="31040044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040044" title="APQ">
APQ

APQ may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31040058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040058" title="Rodrigo Soria">
Rodrigo Soria

Rodrigo Soria (born 14 February 1987 in Villa Domínico, Argentina) is a professional footballer who plays as a winger and second striker. He currently plays for Cúcuta Deportivo in the Categoría Primera A. Before that, he was on Sportivo Carapeguá of Paraguay.

</doc>
<doc id="31040074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040074" title="Short track speed skating at the 2012 Winter Youth Olympics">
Short track speed skating at the 2012 Winter Youth Olympics

Short track speed skating at the 2012 Winter Youth Olympics will be held at the Tyrolean Ice Arena in Innsbruck, Austria from 20 January to 22 January. The difference in the Youth Olympic program for short track speed skating compared to the Winter Olympics, is that there will be no 1500 metre event and no relay for each gender, instead a mixed NOC relay will take place.
Qualification System.
Each nation can send a maximum of 4 athletes (2 boys and 2 girls). The top three athletes in the overall standings for both genders (3 different NOC's) at the 2011 World Junior Short Track Speed Skating Championships are permitted to send 2 athletes per gender. The host nation is guarnteed one spot in each event. Finally the remaining spots will be distributed in the order of finish at the World Junior Short Track Speed Skating Championships up until the maximum quota is reached, with a limit of one athlete per NOC.

</doc>
<doc id="31040105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040105" title="Pompholoogopaphlasmasin">
Pompholoogopaphlasmasin

Pompholoogopaphlasmasin was an expression used during World War II by a Royal Navy captain in a signal reporting on an action in the Mediterranean. 
The action.
In November 1942 HMS "Lotus" was operating in support of Operation Torch. On 13 November she and HMS "Poppy" made an ASDIC contact on a submerged U-boat off the coast of Algeria. They attacked with depth-charges and were rewarded with sounds of the vessel breaking up underwater. Lt. HJ Hall, the captain of "Lotus", described this sound in his report with the Greek expression "pompholoogopaphlasmasin", quoting "an onomatopeic line from Aristophanes". When the Admiralty received this they were taken with it, and had the report circulated with the appropriate explanation.
The signal.
The expression "pompholoogopaphlasmasin" is derived from the play The Frogs, by the 5th century BC playwright Aristophanes.
The outcome.
Post war analysis credited "Lotus" and "Poppy" with the destruction of "U-605". However this assessment was later changed, as further research determined in 1987 that the attack on 13 November had been directed at "U-77" (which survived, with little damage) while "U-605" had been destroyed on a different occasion the following day.

</doc>
<doc id="31040106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040106" title="Wiener–Wintner theorem">
Wiener–Wintner theorem

In mathematics, the Wiener–Wintner theorem, named after Norbert Wiener and Aurel Wintner, is a strengthening of the ergodic theorem, proved by 
Statement.
Suppose that "τ" is a measure-preserving transformation of a measure space "S" with finite measure. If "f" is a real-valued integrable function on "S" then the Wiener–Wintner theorem states that there is a measure 0 set "E" such that the average
exists for all real λ and for all "P" not in "E".
The special case for "λ" = 0 is essentially the Birkhoff ergodic theorem, from which the existence of a suitable measure 0 set "E" for any fixed "λ", or any countable set of values "λ", immediately follows. The point of the Wiener–Wintner theorem is that one can choose the measure 0 exceptional set "E" to be independent of "λ".
This theorem was even much more generalized by
the Return Times Theorem.

</doc>
<doc id="31040126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040126" title="Raft River, Idaho">
Raft River, Idaho

Raft River is an unincorporated community in Cassia County, Idaho, United States. Raft River is located near the mouth of the Raft River at the Snake River. The community is served by Interstate 86.

</doc>
<doc id="31040137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040137" title="Oswego Movement">
Oswego Movement

The Oswego Movement (or Oswego Plan as it is sometimes called) was a movement in American education. It was based on the methods of Johann Heinrich Pestalozzi and introduced by Edward Austin Sheldon at Oswego Primary Teachers' Training School (now State University of New York at Oswego). The movement introduced the use of "objects", such as models and blocks, into elementary education under the name "object teaching". Sheldon and his colleagues helped spread object teaching across America by utilizing in-service and pre-service teacher education, a practice school, and education of teacher educators, at a time when most of these things were new. This enlightenment in education shifted the instructional focus to the child, stressing activity and concrete experiences, rather than rote memorization.

</doc>
<doc id="31040140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040140" title="CrossCurrents">
CrossCurrents

CrossCurrents is a quarterly academic journal published by the Association for Religion and Intellectual Life (before 1990, it was published by the Convergence). Now published as a peer-reviewed academic journal through John Wiley & Sons, the journal is occasionally also described as a "magazine".
Abstracting and indexing.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in the following databases:

</doc>
<doc id="31040158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040158" title="Dare to Dream Show">
Dare to Dream Show

Dare To Dream Show (also known as "D2D") is a web series created by established young actors Samantha Richelle, Tamara Tara Cole, and Aaron Cole. They interview young artists and actors in Hollywood. The show's goal is to empower youth to make a difference in their community and follow their dreams with the help of their favorite stars. The show's attention began after Justin Bieber tweeted a link to their site. After that, Bieber fans flocked to "Dare To Dream Shows YouTube channel for exclusive looks at his documentary '.
Interviews.
"Dare To Dream Show" has interviewed stars such as:
The Dream Team.
The Dream Team consists of the creators of the show. Samantha Richelle, Tamara Tara Cole, and Aaron Cole. Samantha Richelle (born Samantha Richelle Briggs July 16, 1990) is an African American actress, web designer, and singer. She is most known for creating the show as well as being a VJ for the show. Samantha Richelle has been acting ever since she was 10-years-old in community theatre. She made her television debut on a MTV promo alongside her siblings Aaron Cole and Tamara Tara Cole.

</doc>
<doc id="31040159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040159" title="Latimer School">
Latimer School

The Latimer School (also known as "The School House Apartments") in the East Allegheny neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, is a building from 1898. It is a massive 4 story yellow brick building with a variety of window types and placement. The school was closed in 1974 because there was no outdoor play area. It was purchased for conversion into apartments in 1984. 
It was designed by the German-born Pittsburgh architect Frederick C. Sauer (1860-1942)
The school building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="31040168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040168" title="Hans Wilhelm Schüßler">
Hans Wilhelm Schüßler

Hans Wilhelm Schüßler (February 28, 1928 – December 9, 2007) was a German telecommunications engineer, professor at the University of Erlangen-Nuremberg, an IEEE Fellow and a pioneer in communications systems and digital signal processing.

</doc>
<doc id="31040174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040174" title="Neeley, Idaho">
Neeley, Idaho

Neeley is an unincorporated community in Power County, Idaho, United States. Neeley is located near Interstate 86 southwest of American Falls.

</doc>
<doc id="31040183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040183" title="Lawrence Public School">
Lawrence Public School

The Lawrence Public School in the Lawrenceville neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania was built in 1872 and served as an elementary school, including instruction in the German language. It was named after Captain James Lawrence, whose last words "Don't give up the ship!" gained famed in the War of 1812. 
The school was rebuilt in 1908 and closed in 1939 when all students were transferred to the new elementary wing of Arsenal Junior High School. The building was sold in 1945 and then used as a warehouse. The school was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. The upper floors were removed after a fire in the late 1980s, apparently after being listed on the NRHP. 

</doc>
<doc id="31040187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040187" title="Re matto live">
Re matto live

Re matto live is the first live album by Italian singer Marco Mengoni, released on 19 October 2010 by Sony Music. It features songs from his previous EPs, "Re matto" and "Dove si vola", as well as covers of popular songs, originally performed by Italian singers such as Mina and Mia Martini, or by international artists like Jamiroquai and The Beatles.
The album includes a DVD and a Compact Disc. The DVD was recorded during Megoni's concert in Genova, on 15 July 2010, while the CD was recorded in Montesilvano (Pescara) on 27 July 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="31040189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040189" title="Sergio Escalante">
Sergio Escalante

Sergio Gustavo Escalante (born March 9, 1986 in Florencio Varela, Argentina) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for 3 de Febrero of the Primera Division in Paraguay.

</doc>
<doc id="31040202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040202" title="Lemington Elementary School">
Lemington Elementary School

The Lemington Elementary School in the Lincoln-Lemington-Belmar neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania is a building from 1937. Portions of the exterior are ornamented with terracotta, and feature Mayan-inspired motifs such as an amber sunburst frieze and stylized human faces. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="31040227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040227" title="Charles Mellin">
Charles Mellin

Charles Mellin (1597–1649) was a French painter of the Baroque era. Mellin was from Nancy, Lorraine, but spent his artistic career in Italy. In Italy, he was nicknamed "Carlo Lorenese" ("Charles the Lorrainer").
Mellin worked on murals and decorated the Chapel of the Virgin at the church of San Luigi dei Francesi in Rome in 1631. Mellin had competed with Nicolas Poussin and Giovanni Lanfranco for the job of decorating this chapel. During the early part of his career, Mellin collaborated with, and was influenced by, Simon Vouet, but Vouet’s influence diminished after Vouet left Italy for Paris. Mellin is also said to have been influenced by Domenichino.
After Vouet’s departure, Mellin worked for the Muti Papazzurri family as official painter. He decorated the Palazzo Muti between 1628 and 1631, painting the vaults of the Galleria, and remnants of Mellin’s work there still survive. Mellin also taught painting to the two sons of the Muti Papazzurri family. 
In Rome, Mellin painted a fresco, "St. Francis de Paul before Sixtus V", for the church of Trinità dei Monti.
Mellin also decorated the choir at the Abbey of Monte Cassino from 1636 until 1637 with a cycle of 15 paintings, which was destroyed during the Battle of Monte Cassino in World War II. 
From 1643 to 1647 Mellin worked in Naples. He created a "Purification of the Virgin" for the high altar of the church of the Santissima Annunziata Maggiore in the city, which was completed in 1645. This painting was lost in a 1757 fire, but there is an etched copy that survives. In Naples, he painted an "Immaculate Conception" (1646) and an "Annunciation" (1647) for the church of Santa Donna Regina Nuova. The revolt of Masaniello caused Mellin to leave Naples for Rome. 
Mellin trained painters, such as Nicolas Labbé, but did not have a workshop per se.

</doc>
<doc id="31040239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040239" title="Victory Party">
Victory Party

Victory Party is the sixth studio album by Canadian singer-songwriter Geoff Berner, released March 8, 2011 on Mint Records. The album is influenced by the Eastern European klezmer tradition, as well as elements of punk and folk. 

</doc>
<doc id="31040252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040252" title="Letsche Elementary School">
Letsche Elementary School

The Letsche Elementary School (also known as Letsche Alternative Learning Center and Letsche Education Center) located in the Crawford–Roberts neighborhood of in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania is a building from 1905. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="31040254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040254" title="Paul Molyneux">
Paul Molyneux

Paul Seymour Morthier Molyneux (12 January 1906 – 13 March 1980) played first-class cricket for Somerset in six matches in the 1937 season. He was born at Wells, Somerset and died at Hove, Sussex.
Molyneux was a right-handed batsman, who batted for Somerset mostly in the middle order, though in his final match he came in at No 11 in both innings. He was also a right-arm off-break bowler, but did not bowl in first-class cricket. His Somerset career was confined to a period of less than a month in 1937, and his highest score was his first-ever innings: he made 25 against Leicestershire at Leicester.

</doc>
<doc id="31040275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040275" title="Scorhill">
Scorhill

Scorhill (pronounced "Scorill") Stone Circle is now the commonly known name for Gidleigh Stone Circle or Steep Hill Stone Circle, one of Devon's biggest and most intact stone circles, situated on Gidleigh Common near the village of Gidleigh in the north east of Dartmoor, in the United Kingdom. It is an English Heritage scheduled monument and has been described as Devon's finest stone circle.
Description.
The circle was constructed in the Bronze Age. It is approximately in diameter, and the stones vary in height from to an impressive above ground. Gaps between stones vary in width between . There are currently 23 standing stones and 11 recumbent. Characteristic of others in the circle, the largest stone has a distinctive jagged point. It has been noted that, when viewed from the centre of the circle, the sun sets over the stone's tip on Midsummer's Eve, indicating some purpose in archaeoastronomy
Several stones show scars and marks of vandalism by stone cutters including rows of holes on many, arranged in lines so the stones could be split with a wedge. Estimates for the original number of stones have varied between 51 and approximately 70 making it among Devon's widest stone circles with the tallest remaining monolith. Although badly damaged, Scorhill has not been subject to any form of restoration giving it a distinctly ancient atmosphere.
Archaeology.
Flint artefacts from around the site on Gidleigh Moor date as far back as 8500 BC during the Mesolithic period and are now held at Torquay Museum.
Folklore.
Scorhill is situated in a landscape of megalithic monuments and features in local stories about horses unwilling to pass through the circle. Some folklore links it to The Tolmen, a stone with a large, donut-shaped hole in it, overhanging a nearby stream. One story of the "faithless wives and fickle maidens" tells the tale of unfaithful women being made to wash themselves in a nearby pool, run around Scorhill three times and then pass through the Tolmen and pray in front of the stones for absolution. Unforgiven women were crushed by a stone, giving the eerie suggestion as to why so many stones have fallen.

</doc>
<doc id="31040279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040279" title="Liberty School No. 4, Friendship Building">
Liberty School No. 4, Friendship Building

The Liberty School No. 4, Friendship Building is a former elementary school (now a Montessori school) in the Friendship neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania is a building from 1899. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="31040283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040283" title="Melly Goeslaw">
Melly Goeslaw

Mellyana Goeslaw Hoed (; born 7 January 1974), better known by her stage name Melly Goeslaw, is an Indonesian singer and songwriter. She began singing while in the fifth grade, then began writing songs and took work as a backing vocalist for Elfa Secioria in high school. This led to her family and her moving to Jakarta to further her career. While providing backing vocals for a promotional tour by Katon Bagaskara, she met Anto Hoed and Andi Ayunir. After marrying Hoed, the three formed the band Potret in 1993. Their 1995 debut album was well received, bringing Goeslaw and her bandmates to fame. After releasing several albums with Potret, Goeslaw attempted to begin a solo career, releasing her self-titled debut album "Melly" in 1999. Although "Melly" sold well, she became more popular as a solo artist after providing the soundtrack for the 2002 hit film "Ada Apa dengan Cinta?" together with her husband. Her later releases include solo albums and soundtracks. In 2005, she released a collection of short stories to celebrate her tenth year anniversary as a popular musician; four years later, she directed a concert to celebrate the bicentenary of Bandung city. , she has written over 500 songs.
Goeslaw's onstage persona has been compared to Björk, with "eccentric" costumes, heavy make-up, and "wild" hair colours. Her early songs have been described by "The Jakarta Post" as being "deliberately antagonistic", with controversial themes including materialism, sadomasochism, and violence against women. Two of her songs with Potret, "Salah" and "Bunda", were selected by "Rolling Stone Indonesia" as some of the best Indonesian songs of all time, while her work with "Ada Apa dengan Cinta?" garnered her and her husband a Citra Award at the 2004 Indonesian Film Festival. However, "Rolling Stone" notes a decline in song quality after "Ada Apa dengan Cinta?". According to "The Jakarta Post", Goeslaw is one of the most sought after movie songwriters in Indonesia.
Biography.
Goeslaw was born in Bandung on 7 January 1974. She is the daughter of Melky Goeslaw, a singer and songwriter, and his wife Ersi Sukaesih. After her parents' divorce, Goeslaw was raised by her mother; her sister Yuli, who now serves as her manager, was born from a second marriage. While in elementary school, she enjoyed writing poetry, later recalling that she "was happiest when doodling on paper, writing poetry". While she was in the fifth grade, she began singing after being convinced by her mother, who was convinced that Goeslaw could sing like her father; originally she did not want to be a singer.
She later switched to songwriting while in high school, writing lyrics on napkins and schoolbooks and recording her humming on a Walkman because she could not play any instruments. During high school, she worked as a backing vocalist for Elfa Secioria. Her family eventually moved to Jakarta to further her singing career, and she was requested to be a backing vocalist for three different pop singers. At one point, she was recording at three different studios every day. The money that she earned convinced her to continue singing.
After replacing a backing vocalist for Katon Bagaskara's promotional tour for the album "Dinda", Goeslaw met Anto Hoed and his friend Andi Ayunir. After marrying Anto later that year, they went on to form the band Potret. The band's first album was released in 1995, with the song "Terbujuk" ("Seduced"), dealing with "the ultimate material girl", becoming instantly popular. The band was very popular between 1995 and 1998. While with Potret, Goeslaw wrote numerous songs. Some were written conservatively as they were ordered by singers such as Krisdayanti and Ruth Sahanaya; other songs, generally the more "biting" ones, were used for Potret's albums.
One of the her songs on Potret's third album, "Diam" ("Silent"), which dealt with the abuse of women, caused some controversy due to the perceived amount of violence in the music video. Despite this controversy, "Diam" won Video Musik Indonesia's award for best interpretation of a song.
In 1999, Goeslaw started her solo career with her self-titled debut album, which sold well. Her second album, the soundtrack for the 2002 teen movie "Ada Apa dengan Cinta?" ("What's Up with Love"), in which most songs were sung by her and written by her and her husband, led to her being more popular as a solo artist than with Potret; she was also given the nickname the Queen of Movie Music. "Ada Apa Dengan Cinta" soundtrack later won Best Soundtrack at the Indonesian Film Festival.
Goeslaw later provided the soundtracks for 2003's "Eiffel I'm in Love", 2005's "Apa Artinya Cinta" ("What does Love Mean"), 2007's "The Butterfly", and 2009's "Ketika Cinta Bertasbih" ("When Love Prays"). She considered the writing of songs for "Ketika Cinta Bertasbih" to be more difficult than her previous work in teen romances, as it was a religious film. As such, she felt that she had to be extra careful.
In 2005 Goeslaw released a collection of short stories that she had written to celebrate her tenth year as a singer. One of the stories, "Tentang Dia" ("About Him/Her"), was later filmed by Rudy Soedjarwo, the director of "Ada Apa dengan Cinta?". In 2008 Goeslaw wrote and sang "Dibius Cinta" ("Drugged by Love") for the soundtrack of "Cicakman 2 – Planet Hitam" ("Cicakman 2 – Black Planet") with Malaysian singer and director of the film Yusri, from the band KRU. Melly requested permission to help with the scoring after watching the original "Cicak Man".
After initially refusing to perform solo concerts because of creative differences with the event managers, in 2009 Goeslaw held her first concert, "Glow, Melly Live in Concert", at Senayan Stadium in Jakarta. The concert, directed by John Fair Kaune and presented by Krisdayanti's KD Productions, featured a "virtual duet" with Goeslaw's deceased father and was divided into two portions, one featuring songs from her time with Potret, and one with songs from her solo career. It also featured new songs written by Hoed especially for the concert. The following year she was head of Kampung GASS, an organising committee for a concert celebrating the 200th year since the founding of Bandung.
Goeslaw is also active scouting for new singers and assisting others, having supported the careers of pop singers Irwansyah and Acha Septriasa. In 2011 she invited aspiring singers to post videos of themselves singing her songs to YouTube or her Facebook profile, later noting that she had already discovered several new talents in that manner. , she has written over 500 songs.
Songwriting.
Goeslaw has noted that her most popular songs are generally those which are written quickly, citing the award-winning "Menghitung Hari" ("Counting the Days"), which was written in four days, as an example. She has noted that she abandons songs which leave her with a writer's block, as even when they are finished they are not well received. Her husband does the arrangement, sometimes meaning that songs are put on hold because he is busy.
"The Jakarta Post" has described her lyrics as being "deliberately antagonistic", to which Goeslaw has agreed. Her songs written while with Potret include themes of materialism, sexual deviation, "misbehaving women", flatulence, and sadomasochism; she has said that she tries to avoid writing about "issues of ethnicity, religion, race and intergroup relations, especially political matters". "The Jakarta Post" also calls her a "deft satirist". She does not consider herself a feminist, as her songs are written about real women and not about female empowerment; she has said that her lyrics are not of the "'hear me roar' type".
Fashion.
Goeslaw is known for wearing "eccentric" costumes when performing, leading to her being compared to Icelandic singer Björk, whom she admires. She also dyed her hair in "wild colors" and applied heavy stage make up in the late 1990s, when contemporary Indonesian singers were focusing on "conventional" beauty. In 2008, Goeslaw said that her make up and hairstyles used to hide her insecurity when she was first starting. She has continued to use them because it is "part of the package", although she now discusses ideas with her creative team.
Awards and recognition.
Goeslaw's songs have won awards. In the first Indonesian Film Festival (after the festival's twelve-year hiatus between 1992 and 2004), Goeslaw and her husband won Best Soundtrack for their work in "Ada Apa Dengan Cinta?"; it was one of three awards won by the movie at the festival, which covered films from 2002 to 2004. "The Jakarta Post" calls her Indonesia's most sought after movie songwriter, and notes that her songs have been successfully covered by other singers. Her work as a songwriter has led to her becoming an active proponent of intellectual property rights.
In 2009, "Rolling Stone Indonesia" listed two songs that Goeslaw performed while with Potret in its list of the 150 Best Indonesian Songs of All Time, both of which were from the album "Potret II". "Salah" ("Wrong") was ranked 74th, being noted as the best example of Goeslaw's "fresh, direct, and often provocative nuances" when writing songs and writing that her "sweet" vocals challenged the paradigm that a singer singing about an affair should be either a victim or full of revenge. The other song, "Bunda" ("Mother") was ranked at 110; it was noted being capable of making anyone, "even the most cruel man", pause for a moment to think of their mother. "Rolling Stone Indonesia" noted a decrease in the quality of Goeslaw's songs since "Ada Apa Dengan Cinta?".
Personal life.
Goeslaw is married to guitarist Anto Hoed. Together they have two children, Anakku Lelaki Hoed and Lelaki Bernama Hoed (literally My Son Hoed and Boy Named Hoed). In her spare time she enjoys shopping, playing with her children, and browsing the internet; she has stated that she finds it increasingly difficult to enjoy shopping due to being constantly recognised. She has stated that she prefers being backstage over giving concerts, as she does not have to wear make-up or rehearse.
References.
Footnotes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="31040292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040292" title="Noy Alooshe">
Noy Alooshe

Noy Alooshe (; born 13 August 1979) is an Israeli journalist and musician of Tunisian Jewish descent best known outside Israel for his Zenga Zenga spoof song on Muammar Gaddafi. He lives in Tel Aviv and is a member of the Israeli techno group Chovevei Tzion ("Lovers of Zion"), best known for its hit song "Rotze Banot" ("I Want Girls"), a Hebrew remix of the Swedish dance song "Boten Anna." 
Alooshe said he is excited to "to be making waves in the Arab world as an Israeli" but he is also a bit worried: "what if Gaddafi stays in power and comes looking for me?"
As a result of his success from the video "Zenga Zenga", Alooshe shared that he is also now receiving many commercial offers: "These days are crazy because advertisers are calling me and wanting me to do productions for them; music companies want to sell the song on iTunes." He has also received antisemitic death threats, though he said he is not too concerned since "at the moment they remain on the Internet."
Apart from Zenga Zenga, his by far best known work, he also spoofed Benjamin Netanyahu's speech in front of the United States Congress to the tune of "We No Speak Americano" as "Bi Bi pro Americano". He also wrote Dvir Bar's YouTube song, "Tzipi Livni Boy."

</doc>
<doc id="31040299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040299" title="Sebastián Ariosa">
Sebastián Ariosa

Sebastián Ariosa (born June 5, 1985 in Montevideo, Uruguay) is a Uruguayan footballer currently playing for Olimpia of the Primera Division in Paraguay. He played for Uruguay in the 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification (CONMEBOL).
Illness.
Since June 19, 2013, Ariosa was diagnosed with mediastinum cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="31040311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040311" title="Chemically defined medium">
Chemically defined medium

A chemically defined medium is a growth medium suitable for the in vitro cell culture of human or animal cells in which all of the chemical components are known. Standard cell culture media are commonly supplemented with animal serum (such as fetal bovine serum, FBS) as a source of nutrients and other ill-defined factors. The technical disadvantages to using serum include its undefined nature, batch-to-batch variability in composition, and the risk of contamination.
There is a clear distinction between serum-free media and chemically defined media. Serum-free media may contain undefined animal-derived products such as serum albumin (purified from blood), hydrolysates, growth factors, hormones, carrier proteins, and attachment factors. These undefined animal-derived products will contain complex contaminants, such as the lipid content of albumin. In contrast, chemically defined media require that all of the components must be identified and have their exact concentrations known. Therefore a chemically defined medium must be entirely free of animal-derived components and cannot contain either fetal bovine serum, bovine serum albumin or human serum albumin. To achieve this chemically defined media is commonly supplemented with recombinant versions of albumin and growth factors, usually derived from rice or "E. coli", or synthetic chemical such as the polymer polyvinyl alcohol which can reproduce some of the functions of BSA/HSA.
The constituents of a chemically defined media include: a basal media (such as DMEM, F12, or RPMI 1640, containing amino acids, vitamins, inorganic salts, buffers, antioxidants and energy sources), which is supplemented with recombinant albumin, chemically defined lipids, recombinant insulin and/or zinc, recombinant transferrin or iron, selenium and an antioxidant thiol such as 2-mercaptoethanol or 1-thioglycerol.
The advantages of chemically defined media.
Chemically defined media also allows researchers who are studying in the field of cell physiology (especially extracellular) and or molecule–cell interactions to eliminate any variables that may arise due to the effects of unknown components in the medium.
Classes of media.
Animal culture media can be divided into six subsets based on the level of defined media (Jayme and Smith, 2000): From lowest definition to highest these are:
Misuse of the term chemically defined media.
The term chemically defined media is often misused in the literature to refer to serum albumin-containing media. The term 'defined media' can also be used to describe this type of media. Media formulations containing the media supplements B27 and/or N2 (supplied by Invitrogen) are often erroneously referred to as chemically defined media (e.g. Yao et al., 2006) despite this product containing bovine serum albumin (Chen et al., 2008) using the above definitions this type of media is referred to as serum-free media. Peptide-free, protein-free, chemically defined media are rarely successfully formulated except for CHO and insect cells.
Other variants of serum-free/defined media include.
Animal protein-free media, containing human serum albumin, human transferrin, but potentially animal-derived insulin and lipids.
Xeno-free media, containing human serum albumin, human transferrin, human insulin, and chemically defined lipids.

</doc>
<doc id="31040372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040372" title="Lincoln Elementary School (Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania)">
Lincoln Elementary School (Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania)

The Lincoln Elementary School (also known as Pittsburgh Lincoln K-8) located in the Larimer neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania is a building from 1931. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
The historical marker near the front of the building on Frankstown Avenue says the following: 

</doc>
<doc id="31040388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040388" title="Canek (disambiguation)">
Canek (disambiguation)

Canek may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31040411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040411" title="Al-Harthi">
Al-Harthi

Al-Harthi is an Arabic surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31040414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040414" title="Kevon Harris">
Kevon Harris

Kevon Harris (born 1 June 1981) is a Jamaican footballer who played one season in the USL First Division and earned one cap with the Jamaica national football team.
Career.
Harris began his career with Santos F.C. (Jamaica) in 2000 before moving to the United States to play college soccer at Old Dominion University for three years. He was a 2004 Second Team All American at Old Dominion. On January 18, 2005, the Virginia Beach Mariners selected Harris with the fourth pic of the USL First Division College Draft. He spent the 2005 season with the Mariners. After spending the next two years out of soccer, Harris signed with PDL club, Hampton Roads Piranhas in 2008.
International.
Harris made one appearance for the Jamaican national team in a 2-0 loss to Grenada on January 8, 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="31040435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040435" title="Mellin (disambiguation)">
Mellin (disambiguation)

Mellin can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31040446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040446" title="Linden Avenue School">
Linden Avenue School

The Linden Avenue School in the Point Breeze neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania is a building from 1903. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
The building now houses the elementary school section of Lincoln Technology Academy, a city magnet school.

</doc>
<doc id="31040464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040464" title="Cosh Omar">
Cosh Omar

Coşkun Ömer, more commonly known as Cosh Omar, (born in London, England) is a British actor and playwright of Turkish Cypriot descent. Omar’s most notable plays include "The Battle of Green Lanes" and "The Great Extension" which deal with multicultural issues in London with the use of comedy. He has also appeared in several TV episodes including: The Bill, Bleak House, EastEnders and Spooks.

</doc>
<doc id="31040514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040514" title="DUSP23">
DUSP23

Dual specificity protein phosphatase 23, also known as low molecular mass dual specificity phosphatase 3 (LDP-3), is an enzyme ( and ) that in humans is encoded by the "DUSP23" gene.

</doc>
<doc id="31040544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040544" title="Iosif">
Iosif

Iosif may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31040567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040567" title="Siege of Larache (1689)">
Siege of Larache (1689)

The Siege of Larache, in 1689, was undertaken by the huge army of Morocco under Moulay Ismail against the Spaniards, who had ruled the city for nearly 80 years. After three months of siege, the defenders were forced to capitulate. Several centuries later, in 1911 the city was again controlled by the Spanish during the Protectorate.

</doc>
<doc id="31040575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040575" title="Al-Shamrani">
Al-Shamrani

Al-Shamrani is an Arabic surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31040591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040591" title="Greentop Circus">
Greentop Circus

Greentop Community Circus Centre is the only Circus School in Yorkshire, northern England, and was established in 1995 on the TV programme "Challenge Anneka", and is one of three UK circus schools providing accredited level training courses in circus skills. 
The school was founded and run by volunteers before investment from the Arts Council England, provided funds for paid staff. Public funding is complemented by earned income through social enterprises.
The school is a founder member of the UK Circus Training Action Group alongside three other UK circus schools: The Circus Space, Circomedia, and Skylight.

</doc>
<doc id="31040600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040600" title="American Board of Legal Medicine">
American Board of Legal Medicine

The American Board of Legal Medicine sets the standards for training and certifying competency in health care law for dual degreed physician attorneys, with the self-stated aim of promoting excellence in practice through its certification process. Candidates who have completed the requisite training may take an examination to become board-certified by ABLM.
History.
The current American Board of Legal Medicine is a nonprofit organization incorporated in 1951 in the state of Delaware. In 1980, the American Board of Law in Medicine, Inc. also was incorporated in the state of Delaware. To facilitate the recognition of Legal Medicine as a specialty, the two entities merged in 1987 with the surviving entity being the American Board of Legal Medicine, Inc. In 2007, the subsidiary American Board of Medical Malpractice was developed to certify professionals who hold a law degree plus a doctoral level health care degree other than M.D. or D.O.
Organization.
The ABLM is governed by a twelve member board, who elect their own chairman, secretary, and treasurer.
Examination process.
ABLM administers examinations to individuals with both legal and medical degrees. The Board has certified approximately 300 MD/JDs in legal medicine by means of computer-based or paper based examinations. The ABLM also furnishes study materials and courses in Legal Medicine and Medical Malpractice.

</doc>
<doc id="31040618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040618" title="Zeeman energy">
Zeeman energy

Zeeman energy, or the external field energy, is the potential energy of a magnetised body in an external magnetic field. It is named after the Dutch physicist Pieter Zeeman, primarily known by the Zeeman effect. In SI units, it is given by
where HExt is the external field, M the local magnetisation, and the integral is done over the volume of the body. This is the statistical average (over a 
unit volume macroscopic sample) of a corresponding microscopic Hamiltonial (energy) for each individual magnetic moment m, which is however experiencing a "local" induction B:

</doc>
<doc id="31040622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040622" title="The Reverse Peephole">
The Reverse Peephole

"The Reverse Peephole" is the 12th episode of the ninth season of the television comedy series (the 168th overall), "Seinfeld". It was written by Spike Feresten and directed by Andy Ackerman. In this episode, Kramer and Newman reverse the peepholes on their apartment doors, which could lead to the landlord kicking them out. Meanwhile, Elaine hates that her boyfriend, David Puddy, wears "man-fur," George gets sore from carrying a fat wallet and Jerry replaces his wallet with a European carry-all.
Plot.
Elaine, Jerry and George decide to buy a massage chair for Joe Mayo, when George offers to pay a cheaper price and save money. At a party for Joe, George admits it would have been too expensive for the chair to be delivered overnight, so they are without the gift. Elaine is not happy with David Puddy wearing a fur coat, so at the party, Elaine throws out what she thinks is Puddy's coat, but is actually Joe's. Kramer and Newman reverse the peepholes on their doors and convince Jerry that wallets are a thing of the past.
The building landlord, Silvio (Jon Polito), threatens to evict Newman for his reverse peephole (thinking that he was behind the idea). Kramer intervenes with their landlord, unaware that Newman is having an affair with his wife, Svetlana. As Elaine is reluctant to buy a new fur coat for Joe, George gets back problems from his ridiculously over-stuffed wallet, making him keep the massage-chair before giving it to Joe. Elaine suggests that Jerry carry a European carry-all (purse), while Newman finds the thrown-out fur coat in a tree. Elaine tries to ask for the coat back, but Newman has already given it to Svetlana (which Silvio discovers), so Jerry has to pretend it is his coat to keep their suspicious landlord from finding out.
Realizing that Joe Mayo does not like his taste in music ("I was getting jiggy with it!"), Jerry attempts to get the order for the chair canceled for revenge, forcing George to admit he has been using the chair lately. Kramer asks Jerry to put on the fur to make things look good for Silvio. Meanwhile, George's wallet overflows, scattering everything that was inside.
Later when Elaine tries to claim the coat, Kramer covers saying that Svetlana is having an affair with Joe Mayo. In the end, Silvio plots revenge against Joe by attacking him with a sock full of pennies (after the massage chair wears out, unaware of George constantly using it). Puddy, after seeing Jerry wear the fur coat ("He looked like a bit of a dandy."), gets a new coat that is colorful and features an 8-Ball on the sleeves and back, making Elaine upset again.

</doc>
<doc id="31040648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040648" title="List of mobile phones with FWVGA display">
List of mobile phones with FWVGA display

FWVGA is an abbreviation for Full Wide Video Graphics Array which refers to a display resolution of 854x480 pixels. 854x480 is approximately the 16:9 aspect ratio of anamorphically "un-squeezed" NTSC DVD widescreen video and considered a "safe" resolution that does not crop any of the image. It is called Full WVGA to distinguish it from other, narrower WVGA resolutions which require cropping 16:9 aspect ratio high-definition video (i.e. it is full width, albeit with considerable reduction in size). The 854 pixel width is rounded up from . '. Since a pixel must be a whole number, rounding up to 854 ensures inclusion of the entire image.
The following is a comparison table of the displays on smartphones which incorporate FWVGA displays.

</doc>
<doc id="31040671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040671" title="Musiikkituottajat – IFPI Finland">
Musiikkituottajat – IFPI Finland

Musiikkituottajat – IFPI Finland ry, or Musiikkituottajat for short, (; formerly known as Suomen Ääni- ja kuvatallennetuottajat ÄKT) is the umbrella organization of recording producers active in Finland, with 23 record labels as its members.
Activity.
The aim of the association is "to improve the cultural-political situation and legal protections of record production, develop the distribution and production of recordings and music videos and participate in governing and overseeing the production rights". Musiikkituottajat is the Finnish representative of the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry (IFPI). It is also one of the three member associations of Gramex.
Since 1994, Musiikkituottajat has been responsible for composing the official records chart, the Official Finnish Charts. The list was produced in cooperation with the Finnish Broadcasting Company (Yleisradio) until late 2009. The association governs the ISRC codes used in Finland and it also keeps account of the best-selling recordings of all time in Finland and awards acts with the gold and platinum certifications (below).
Sales certification.
In certifying recordings sold in Finland, Musiikkituottajat takes into account both physical and digital sales. The certifications awarded by Musiikkituottajat and their sales limits are the following:
Albums.
Note: Domestic albums use the current threshold for albums released on or after January 1, 2010. For foreign albums, the threshold was used for albums released on or after January 1, 2008. Double, triple and multi-platinum award levels were introduced in 1989.
Singles, EPs and DVDs.
Video certifications was introduced in June 2004. For extended plays, it uses the current thresholds, for releases on or after January 1, 2010.
Certification levels (timeline).
Music recording certification was introduced in Finland in September 1971.
Albums.
Gold
Platinum
Diamond
Singles.
Gold
Platinum
History.
The organization was established in 1970 under the name Äänilevytuottajat ("Sound Record Producers"). Before 1970, the companies in the industry were unionized in Soitinalan Tuottajaliitto ("Organization of Musical Instrument Producers"). In 1982, the organization took the name Suomen Ääni- ja kuvatallennetuottajat ÄKT, which became the current Musiikkituottajat on August 26, 2010.
Events.
Musiikkituottajat organizes the following annual events:
In addition, Musiikkituottajat organized the JANNE Awards for the best productions in classical music. The awards were cancelled in 2002 and since 2006, the awards have been incorporated in the Emma Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="31040714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040714" title="Chauncey Ives Filley">
Chauncey Ives Filley

Chauncey Ives Filley (17 October 1829 - 24 September 1923) was a United States politician active in Missouri.
Biography.
Filley was born in Lansingburg, New York. He received a private and academic education and entered commercial life as a clerk. He designed and controlled his own pottery patterns and became the largest importer and distributor of queensware in the Mississippi Valley. He became interested in politics and became the eighteenth mayor of St. Louis, Missouri, in 1863. He resigned from office because of illness after serving only one year of his two-year term.
Filley was a delegate to the Republican National Conventions from 1864 to 1896 and was a member of the Republican National Committee from 1876 to 1892. He was a member of the convention which abolished slavery in the state. From 1873 to 1878, he was postmaster of St. Louis. He is buried at Bellefontaine Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="31040757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040757" title="Louise Théo">
Louise Théo

Louise Théo (real name Cécile Piccolo; 1854 – 24 January 1922) was a French singer who gained popularity in operetta in France from the 1870s to the end of the 19th century. She created several leading roles in works by Offenbach and also toured to the USA.
Life and career.
Théo was born and died in Paris. She began singing as a child with her mother in a café-concert on the Champs-Élysées. After a convent schooling she married and began a theatrical career, including a tour to Vienna where she was spotted by Offenbach. The composer engaged her at the Théâtre de la Renaissance to create the title roles in "Pomme d'api" and "La jolie parfumeuse" (1873). She followed these with Cupidon in "Orphée aux enfers", "La Princesse de Trébizonde", "La petite muette", "La Timbale" and "Madame l'archiduc" (after which she toured to London with Daubray), at the Théâtre des Bouffes-Parisiens. 
She went on to sing in the premiere of "Fleur d'Oranger" at the Théâtre des Nouveautés in 1878 and sang Cendrillon at the Théâtre de la Porte Saint-Martin in 1879, and Rataplan and "Le Tour du Cadran" at the Théâtre des Variétés in 1880.
Other creations included "Adam et Eve" in 1881, "Mlle Boniface" in 1883, "Dix jours aux Pyrénées" in 1887 and "Mimi" in 1888.
Théo visited America in 1883 to appear at the Fifth Avenue Theater, and then toured; she returned the following year, appearing in "François les bas-bleus", "La fille du tambour-major" and "Giroflé-Girofla".
She retired as the wife of a rich New York art-dealer.

</doc>
<doc id="31040806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040806" title="2010–11 St. John's Red Storm men's basketball team">
2010–11 St. John's Red Storm men's basketball team

The 2010–11 St. John's Red Storm men's basketball team represented St. John's University during the 2010–11 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The team was coached by Steve Lavin in his first year at the school. Saint John's home games were played at Carnesecca Arena and Madison Square Garden and the team is a member of the Big East Conference. They finished the season 21–12, 12–6 in Big East play and lost in the quarterfinals of the 2011 Big East Men's Basketball Tournament to Syracuse. They received an at-large bid in the 2011 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament where they lost in the first round to Gonzaga.
Off season.
On March 30, 2010, Lavin was announced as the head coach of Saint John's. Lavin replaced Norm Roberts, who was fired after six seasons as the Red Storm head coach. Lavin named his mentor Gene Keady to the position of Special Assistant.
Season.
St. John's, a former Big East and national power, had fallen on tough times in recent seasons. This year, the Red Storm (17-9, 9-5 Big East) have made a habit out of knocking off highly ranked teams, with wins over Duke, Notre Dame, Connecticut, Georgetown, and Pittsburgh, all top-15 teams.
The Red Storm are looking for their first NCAA Tournament berth since 2002. After defeating then #4 Pittsburgh on February 19, all 63 participating brackets in The Bracket Project placed the Red Storm comfortably within the NCAA Tournament.
The Red Storm also achieved their first Top 25 ranking in over a decade. The last time the Red Storm had previously been ranked was on November 28, 2000. On February 21, the Red Storm were ranked #23 in the AP Poll and #25 in the ESPN/USA Today Coaches Poll.
They reached as high as #15 in both the AP Poll and the ESPN/USA Today Coaches Poll on February 28 following their road win against Villanova.
Schedule and results.
!colspan=9| Exhibition
!colspan=9| Regular Season
!colspan=9| 2011 Big East Men's Basketball Tournament
!colspan=9| 2011 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="31040818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040818" title="Karl August von Bergen">
Karl August von Bergen

Karl August von Bergen (born 11 August 1704 in Frankfurt (Oder) — died October 7, 1759 ibid.) was a German anatomist and botanist.
Life.
Karl August von Bergen was the son of anatomy professor Johann Georg von Bergen (died 1738).
He attended the Gymnasium in his home town of Frankfurt an der Oder, he later studied medicine at the local Viadrina University from 1727. There he was taught by his father and by the anatomist Andreas Ottomar Goelicke (1670–1744).
He continued his studies at the University of Leiden, where he worked for the professors Hermann Boerhaave (1668–1738), Bernhard Siegfried Albinus.
He also studied in Paris and Strasbourg. He returned to Viadrina University and received his doctorate in medicine in 1732 and took a post as a professor at the university.
After the death of his father, he was awarded the chair of anatomy and botany at the university. His duties included the care of the Botanical Garden, which had been founded in 1678 by Johann Christoph Bekmann.
In 1732 he demonstrated the general distribution of cellular membranes in animals, and showed that they not only enclose every part of the animal frame, but form the basis of every organ. His work was adopted and still more fully expanded (1757) by his friend Albrecht von Haller.
On 2 April 1739 he married Susanna Elizabeth Rhode. They had four children. After Susanna's early death he re-married on 29 September 1749 her sister, Mary Elizabeth Rhode.
His most noted work is "Flora Francofurtana", Frankfurt (Oder), published in 1750. Among his more unusual works is an essay on the rhinoceros: "Oratio de rhinocerote, quam habuit cum tertium deponeret rectoratum", Frankfurt (Oder), 1746.
The botanist Conrad Moench named the plant genus "Bergenia" in his honor in 1794.

</doc>
<doc id="31040820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040820" title="Gary and Tony Have a Baby">
Gary and Tony Have a Baby

"Gary and Tony Have a Baby" is an episode of the CNN documentary series "...In America". The episode, anchored by Soledad O'Brien, follows Gary Spino and Tony Brown, a gay male couple, as they try to have a child through surrogacy. The program aired June 24, 2010.
Reception.
Tom Shales of "The Washington Post" praised "Gary and Tony", calling it "an intimate and affecting portrait of what happens when partners in a same-sex marriage set out to secure for themselves a blessed event, the limits of biology notwithstanding". LGBT-interest website AfterElton.com reviewer Michael Jensen echoed this accolade, applauding the show for focusing on the couples' relationship and their desire for a child and less on their gay activism. Jensen did question whether the episode should have explored the moral issues of surrogacy versus adoption more than it did.
The American Fertility Association awarded "Gary and Tony Have a Baby" with its 2010 "Illuminations NYC" Award for reflecting the AFA's "commitment to family building for all people, including the LGBT community".

</doc>
<doc id="31040821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040821" title="Hurtsmile">
Hurtsmile

Hurtsmile is a band fronted by Extreme singer Gary Cherone.
Cherone started the project in 2007 with his brother Mark and the absolute Ax Master Joe Pessia (cousin of "Tha Kidd"). Some demos were released on the internet, but plans for an album were put on hold once plans for the eventual Extreme reunion emerged. After the release of "Saudades de Rock" and the subsequent 2009 tour, Bettencourt went on tour with Rihanna, putting Extreme on hiatus and giving time for Cherone to return to the Hurtsmile project. The album was then recorded and released January 2011 in Europe and February 2011 in the US.
Besides brothers Gary and Mark Cherone, who also play together in Slip Kid, a The Who tribute band, the band features Joe Pessia, who plays with Tantric and was the bassist for Bettencourt's DramaGods and drummer Dana Spellman, who was a student of Extreme's former drummer Mike Mangini.

</doc>
<doc id="31040826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040826" title="Luis Martinez (catcher)">
Luis Martinez (catcher)

Luis M. Martinez (born April 3, 1985) is an Colombian American professional baseball catcher in the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim organization.
Career.
New York Mets.
Prior to playing professionally, he attended Coral Park High School and then Cumberland University. He was originally drafted by the New York Mets in the 11th round of the 2005 amateur draft, however he opted not to sign.
San Diego Padres.
He was next drafted by the Padres in the 12th round of the 2007 amateur draft, beginning his professional career that year.
Martinez played for the Eugene Emeralds and Fort Wayne Wizards in 2007, hitting a combined .253 with two home runs and 17 RBI in 45 games. In 2008, he hit .223 with three home runs and 19 RBI with the Wizards. With the Lake Elsinore Storm and Portland Beavers in 2009, Martinez hit .286 with four home runs and 41 RBI in 94 games. He hit .282 with two home runs and 31 RBI with the San Antonio Missions in 2010.
Texas Rangers.
On December 21, 2011, Martinez was traded to the Texas Rangers for pitcher Ryan Kelly.
Luis Martinez was recalled from AAA Round Rock on August 11 when Mike Napoli was placed on the disabled list
He was designated for assignment on December 26, 2012 and removed from the Rangers' 40-man roster.
Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim.
On November 19, 2013 Martinez signed a minor league contract with the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim.

</doc>
<doc id="31040835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040835" title="Brian Stanley">
Brian Stanley

Brian Stanley (born January 1961) is an Irish Sinn Féin politician. He was elected as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Laois–Offaly constituency at the 2011 general election, after the 7th count. He serves as Sinn Féin's Spokesperson on Environment, Community and Local Government. He had contested the seat unsuccessfully at the 2002 and 2007 general elections.
Stanley was elected at the 1999 local elections as a member of Port Laoise Town Council, and was re-elected in 2004, and in 2009. He was elected as a member of Laois County Council for the Port Laoise electoral area at the 2004 local elections, and was re-elected in 2009. His wife, Caroline Dwane Stanley, is a member of Laois County Council.

</doc>
<doc id="31040842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040842" title="Princess of the Midnight Ball">
Princess of the Midnight Ball

Princess of the Midnight Ball is a 2009 young adult fantasy novel written by Jessica Day George. It is based on the fairy tale "The Twelve Dancing Princesses".
Plot summary.
Princess Rose and her sisters Lily, Jonquil, Hyacinth, Violet, Daisy, Poppy, Iris, Lilac, Orchid, Pansy, and Petunia are trapped in a curse. Every third night, they have to dance at the Midnight Ball with the twelve sons of the King Under Stone, who lives in a realm below the earth. The curse prevents them from speaking of it, and every prince who attempts to learn their secret in hopes of marrying one of them and inheriting the crown ends up dead by the next full moon.
Galen Werner is a soldier who is returning from the Westfalin-Analousia war. On his way to the city of Bruch to live with his mother's sister Liesel Orm, Galen meets an old woman. After he shares his food with her, the woman gives him white and black yarn and an invisibility cloak, saying that he would have to use them when "He" tries to get to the surface. 
When Galen meets Rose, she knows that he can try to break the curse, but will he succeed despite the complications they come across?

</doc>
<doc id="31040844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040844" title="Canada at the 2012 Winter Youth Olympics">
Canada at the 2012 Winter Youth Olympics

Canada competed at the 2012 Winter Youth Olympics in Innsbruck. Beckie Scott was named as the chef de mission.
Canada did not send any speed skaters (long and short track), along with figure skaters after the governing body for the sport in the country (Speed Skating Canada and Skate Canada, respectively) deemed the event "not developmentally appropriate".
Alpine skiing.
Canada had qualified a full team of two boys and two girls. The team was announced on June 22, 2011.
Biathlon.
Canada had qualified a full biathlon team of 2 boys and 2 girls.
Canada's roster was announced on April 19, 2011.
Bobsleigh.
Canada had qualified one boy and one girl sled.
Cross country skiing.
Canada had qualified a team of 1 boy and 1 girl.
Curling.
Canada had qualified a mixed curling team of 2 boys and 2 girls.
Skip: Thomas Scoffin<br>
Third: Corryn Brown<br>
Second: Derek Oryniak<br>
Lead: Emily Gray
Canada's roster was announced on April 8, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31040873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040873" title="Taksirani Street (Shiraz)">
Taksirani Street (Shiraz)

Taksirani Street is a short street in eastern Shiraz from Golestan Square to Delgosha Boulevard.

</doc>
<doc id="31040888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040888" title="B-Sides &amp; Rarities (CKY album)">
B-Sides &amp; Rarities (CKY album)

B-Sides & Rarities is a compilation album by American alternative metal band CKY. Released on March 22, 2011, the album is a collection of previously unreleased and out-of-print recordings recorded at various points since the band's formation. The album's release was supported by the release of the single "Afterworld", a song recorded in 2010 for the "Jackass 3D" soundtrack.
"B-Sides and Rarities 2xLP".
The B-Sides and Rarities 2xLP was a set of two vinyl records produced by CKY drummer Jess Margera. Margera produced and shipped the orders himself. It contains the 12 tracks on the CD version, with an added 12 demo and unreleased tracks recorded over the years.

</doc>
<doc id="31040933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040933" title="Lisburn, Pennsylvania">
Lisburn, Pennsylvania

History.
Lisburn, Pennsylvania is a small village located in Cumberland County, Pennsylvania. It was named after Lisburn, Ireland. The Village dates back to the early 1800s, as it was a stop on the underground railroad. In the past there were many stores, but they have since closed up, and have been turned into homes.
General Information.
The village is home to the Lower Allen Township Park and Lisburn Fire Department, which hosts a four day Olde Tyme Festival every year in August. The festival includes amusement rides, homemade food, games and live music. There is a small cemetery located next to the fire hall that dates back to the 19th century. The Yellow Breeches Creek winds around the village, making it a great place to fish. 

</doc>
<doc id="31040945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040945" title="Jahani">
Jahani

Jahani is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31040963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040963" title="Golestan Square">
Golestan Square

Goloestan Square is a square in eastern Shiraz where Salman Farsi (Pirnia) Boulevard, Golestan Boulevard, Taksirani Street and Kolbeh Square meet. There is a statue of Saadi in the middle of the square.

</doc>
<doc id="31040974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040974" title="Erich Klibansky">
Erich Klibansky

Erich Klibansky (born 28 November 1900 in Frankfurt am Main; died 24 July 1942 near Minsk) was headmaster and teacher of Jawne, the first Jewish Gymnasium of Rhineland in Cologne.
Life.
Klibansky, who came from a family of rabbis originally located in Lithuania near Kaunas, was born in Frankfurt am Main. His father directed there a known interdenominational boarding school, which his son also attended. Afterwards Klibansky attended the Frankfurt Goethe-Gymnasium and studied History, German studies and Romance studies at university in Frankfurt am Main, Marburg and Munich. He graduated in Marburg in 1925 with a thesis on “The topographic changes of the Frankfurt archbishop’s authorities in Hesse“.
From his marriage with Meta David from Hamburg, he had three sons: Hans-Raphael, Alexander and Michael. In the spring of 1929 the family relocated to Cologne, where he purchased a spacious apartment in a house in Volksgartenstraße.
Works.
In the same year, as a probationary teacher, he became headmaster of the high school Jawne in Cologne, which had been created ten years before. Despite the hardships of the incipient economic crisis, Klibansky succeeded to assure the school’s survival. As the school, being private, did not receive any subsidy, he raised funds for reconstruction and renovation, so that with the school fee of 400 marks the operation of the school was assured.
Under Klibansky the school got a continuously growing level of esteem from the whole Jewish population of Cologne. After the Nazis took power in Germany in 1933 and with the growing discrimination of the Jews of Cologne, Klibanksy did not have many illusions concerning his future in Germany.
The salvation of his "English classes".
As a consequence of the increasing pressure on the Jews the Klibansky family had to leave their apartment in Volksgartenstraße, and moved into narrow rooms in Kamekestraße at the end of 1937. During this period, Klibansky conceived a plan to use the good language knowledge of his "English Classes", that he prepared for the Cambridge Certificate of Proficiency, for an emigration to England.
With the approval of the Central Reich Office for Emigration he found in London support for his plan from important Jewish personalities. The Central British Council for Refugees arranged for the accommodation in a college for his students. Before the breakout of the war in 1939 he was able to send five classes for a total of 130 students to the UK; afterwards the borders were closed.
Assassination and tribute.
Klibansky and his whole family were deported from Cologne in July 1942. During the transport to an unknown destination they were all shot in a wooded area near Blagowschtschin in the region of Minsk in a prepared pit.
In 1990 a square in Cologne, the Erich Klibansky Platz, was dedicated to him. Five Stolpersteine ("stumbling blocks") by artist Gunter Demnig commemorating Klibansky and his family are installed in front of their home in the Volksgartenstraße in Cologne.

</doc>
<doc id="31040987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31040987" title="Halil Zorba">
Halil Zorba

Halil Zorba (born 22 September 1988) is a British weightlifter. He represented England at the 2010 Commonwealth Games, and was in contention for the British team for the 2012 Summer Olympics but was ultimately not chosen for the team despite being British Champion in his weight class. He competes part-time, continuing with his career as a civil engineer.
Early life.
Halil Zorba was born on 22 September 1988, and is of Turkish Cypriot heritage. He attended Bethnal Green Technology College, where he was taught PE by 1964 Olympian George Manners. He took up weightlifting whilst at the college, before going to University, and he receives funding support to compete from the National Lottery.
Career.
He broke into the world's top 100 in his weight division, 69 kg, at the age of 19, and was ranked second in the British senior rankings. A back injury saw him miss the 2008 European Championships. He represented England at the 2010 Commonwealth Games in Delhi; competing in the 69kg category, he managed to come 4th in group B and went on to finish 10th overall out of 18.
At the 2011 World Weightlifting Championships, he lifted in the snatch, setting a new personal best; however, he suffered an injury to his leg prior to the clean and jerk, resulting in a lift of only . This resulted in the combined weight being less than the minimum standard to be considered for the 2012 Summer Olympics. 
Zorba went into the English Championships seeking to make the Olympic qualifying standard. He reached the Olympic B grade, setting a new British record in the clean and jerk of at the same time. Following the breaking of the record, he twice attempted to lift , but failed on each occasion. His performance made Zorba the second British competitor to meet the Olympic standard after Jack Oliver.
He was named to the British team for the 2012 European Weightlifting Championships. He lifted a combined weight of , finishing in 21st position. He was a candidate for one of the three male weightlifting spots for the host country at the 2012 Olympics, having won the British Championship at the British Olympic trials in addition to achieving the B qualifying standard. However, he was not chosen for the British team, with Oliver, Peter Kirkbride and Gareth Evans chosen instead.
Zorba trains at the Crystal Palace National Sports Centre with coach Keith Morgan. Zorba remains British record holder in several categories, including both the clean and jerk and the snatch in the 69kg category of the men's under eighteen competition, and the clean and jerk in both the 69kg and 77kg categories of the men's under 23 competition. 
Personal life.
Zorba is related to the former British javelin thrower and multiple medal-winner Fatima Whitbread on his mother's side of the family. He works as a civil engineer full-time having qualified from the University of Brighton, splitting his time between that and his sport.

</doc>
<doc id="31041001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31041001" title="Al-Shahrani">
Al-Shahrani

Al-Shahrani is an Arabic surname relative to the clan Shahran, located in the South-West of the Arabian Peninsula, specifically in the Asir region. It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31041010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31041010" title="Shahrani">
Shahrani

Shahrani may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31041012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31041012" title="Mr. &amp; Mrs. Incredible">
Mr. &amp; Mrs. Incredible

Mr. & Mrs. Incredible ("San kei hap lui" 神奇俠侶) is a 2011 Chinese-Hong Kong film directed by Vincent Kok.
Release.
To promote the film and tourism and Hong Kong, a 3D animated film showing the two lead actors from the film was released.
"Mr. & Mrs. Incredible" was set to open in Australia, China, Hong Kong, Malaysia, New Zealand and Singapore on February 2, 2011. It was released on February 3, 2011 in China and Hong Kong.
FUNimation Entertainment released the film in the United States in autumn (September/October) of 2012 on DVD under the name Incredibly Ever After
"Mr. & Mrs. Incredible" grossed $630,199 on its opening week in Hong Kong and placed fifth in its weekend box office and has since grossed a total of $1,032,487...
Reception.
Film Business Asia gave the film a five out of ten rating, stating "the comedy is not sustained enough, or broad enough, to inspire real laughs rather than just smiles, and the action is largely crammed into the final 15 minutes with the sudden appearance of a plot and a super-villain." "Variety" gave the film a positive review, praising the script and comparing the two leads to William Powell and Myrna Loy.
The Special Broadcasting Service gave the film three stars out of five, finding that the film "delivers the crowd-pleasing goods in its own eccentric way." but lacked comic subtlety. The review also compared the film to "The Incredibles" stating that the "greatest superhuman feat is avoiding a court date with the suits at Pixar – the shameless similarities to The Incredibles (2004) are there for all to see."

</doc>
<doc id="31041028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31041028" title="The Way That You Love">
The Way That You Love

The Way That You Love is the second single from Vanessa Williams' album "The Sweetest Days". Many different remixes were available for this. The song was a TOP 6 hit on the US Dance/Club Play Charts.

</doc>
<doc id="31041050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31041050" title="Masters Inn">
Masters Inn

Masters Inn is a chain of motels in the United States. The chain operates 15 locations in 6 states.
The first location existed in Kansas City in 1985 through the name change of a previously existing motel.
In 2007, the chain was acquired by Supertel. The group sold its Cave City, Kentucky location in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="31041099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31041099" title="Hal Riddle">
Hal Riddle

Hal Riddle (December, 11 1917, Fulton, Kentucky, USA – June 17, 2009, Woodland Hills, California) was a Broadway, movie and television actor. Better known as a character actor than a featured player, Riddle appeared in numerous supporting roles in the 1950s – 1980s. 
Career.
Riddle's interest in acting started after receiving an autographed picture from actor Billie Dove. Riddle quit a salesman job at National Cash Register Company in New York City in 1946 to join Hayloft Summer Theater in Allentown, Pennsylvania as a secretary. While there he was given small parts and roomed with an unknown Jack Lemmon. After leaving Hayloft Riddle joined Sanford Meisner's Neighborhood Playhousewhere he worked with Grace Kelly and Steve McQueen.
Riddle made his Broadway debut in 1950 in "Mister Roberts" and moved to Hollywood to take a part in 1958 film "Onionhead". Riddle retired from acting in 1995.
Hollywood memorabilia collection.
Riddle's interest in Hollywood and acting started when, as an 11-year-old, he received an autographed picture from silent film star Billie Dove. Over the next 80 years Riddle added original movie posters, autographed pictures, and letters to the collection. In 2001, Riddle donated his collection of more than 1,700 movie-related items spanning over 70 years to his alma mater, Murray State University in Kentucky.
Billie Dove friendship.
In 1995, Riddle retired to the Motion Picture & Television Country House and Hospital. While there, Riddle struck up a friendship with Billie Dove who in 1922 sparked Riddle's interest in acting. In 1998, Riddle delivered fellow actor Billie Dove's eulogy.

</doc>
<doc id="31041133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31041133" title="Assistant Secretary of the Air Force">
Assistant Secretary of the Air Force

Assistant Secretary of the Air Force is the title of four civilian officials in the United States Department of the Air Force. They report to and assist the United States Secretary of the Air Force and the United States Under Secretary of the Air Force. 
According to U.S. law, there are four Assistant Secretaries of the Air Force "appointed from civilian life by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate." "The Assistant Secretaries shall perform such duties and exercise such powers as the Secretary of the Air Force may prescribe." The duties of three of the Assistant Secretaries are statutorily defined:
The duties of the fourth Assistant Secretary are not statutorily defined, but recently, the fourth Assistant Secretary has been designated:
The General Counsel of the Air Force is also considered to be equivalent in rank to an Assistant Secretary of the Air Force.

</doc>
<doc id="31041147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31041147" title="Chartered Secretaries Australia">
Chartered Secretaries Australia

Governance Institute of Australia (Governance Institute), formerly Chartered Secretaries Australia, is an independent professional association for company secretaries, governance advisers and risk managers in Australia, committed to promoting sound practice in governance and risk management.
History.
A number of influential company secretaries joined together in the United Kingdom in 1891 to form a society which promoted their professional interests. The society obtained incorporation under a Royal Charter in 1902 and the members of the Chartered Institute of Secretaries of Joint Stock Companies and other Public Bodies become known as Chartered Secretaries. An amendment to the Institute's Charter gave it the name of the Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators (ICSA) in 1971.
Established in Australia in 1909, the Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators — Australian Division changed its name to Governance Institute of Australia in 2013.
Profile.
The Governance Institute independently advocates for reform in governance and releases research on governance and risk management.
The Governance Institute is a member of the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) Corporate Governance Council, which issues the Corporate Governance Principles and Recommendations against which all Australian listed companies must report. The Governance Institute regularly publishes Good Governance Guides which focus on the practical aspects of implementing sound practice in governance and corporate law. 
The Governance Institute also publishes a journal
and a publications program, and offers public and in-house training, conferences and education in governance and risk management.
Education.
The Governance Institute provides internationally recognised qualifications in the areas of governance and risk management and provides training to organisations to help them with their governance practices.
The Governance Institute’s Graduate Diploma of Applied Corporate Governance is the only applied postgraduate course in governance with higher education accreditation in Australia. Those with accountability responsibilities or who have oversight of implementing governance frameworks in either the private or public sectors can undertake the course. The Governance Institute Associate and Fellow Members are entitled to use the postnominals AGIA and FGIA, as well as the designation Chartered Secretary and the postnominals ACIS and FCIS.
In addition, the Governance Institute offers both a Certificate in Governance Practice and a Certificate in Governance and Risk Management that provides qualifications and vocational governance and risk management training. The Governance Institute Certificated Members carry the nationally recognised post nominal of GIA(Cert).

</doc>
<doc id="31041164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31041164" title="Henri Desroche">
Henri Desroche

Henri Desroche (né Desroches) (12 April 19141 June 1994) was a French sociologist. His writings center around the sociology of religion and cooperative systems and movements. He was a priest in the Dominican Order.

</doc>
<doc id="31041199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31041199" title="USS SC-26">
USS SC-26

USS "SC-26", until July 1920 known as USS "Submarine Chaser No. 26" or USS "S.C. 26", was an "SC-1"-class submarine chaser built for the United States Navy during World War I.
"SC-26" was a wooden-hulled 110-foot (34 m) submarine chaser built at the New York Navy Yard at Brooklyn, New York. She was commissioned on 19 October 1917 as USS "Submarine Chaser No. 26", abbreviated at the time as USS "S.C. 26".
When the U.S. Navy adopted its modern hull number system on 17 July 1920, "Submarine Chaser No. 26" was classified as SC-26 and her name was shortened to USS "SC-26".
On 20 July 1921, the Navy sold "SC-26" to the Henry A. Hitner & Sons Company of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="31041268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31041268" title="Horse racing of Sanlúcar">
Horse racing of Sanlúcar

Horse Racing of Sanlúcar ) are a series horse races held annually on the beach at Spanish town of Sanlúcar de Barrameda, Andalusia.
Its organization is corresponds to the Sociedad de Carreras de Caballos de Sanlúcar de Barrameda. This is the second horse racing of English-style that is regulated in Spain, since the first took place in Alameda de Osuna in 1835, and again held in 1843 and 1849. Therefore the races of Sanlúcar, dating from 1845 are the oldest of all those held in Spain is declared Fiesta of Andalusian, National and International Tourist Interest. Along with the careers of San Sebastián, Seville, Mijas, Dos Hermanas are part of the Spanish equestrian circuit.

</doc>
<doc id="31041419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31041419" title="BIFA Award for Best Foreign Independent Film">
BIFA Award for Best Foreign Independent Film

The British Independent Film Award for Best Foreign Independent Film is an annual award given to the best Foreign independent film. The award was introduced in the 1998 ceremony.
Winners and nominees.
From 1998 to 2002 there were two separate categories: 

</doc>
<doc id="31041439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31041439" title="Mikolaj Piskorski">
Mikolaj Piskorski

Mikołaj Jan Piskorski who often goes by Misiek (born April 16, 1973 in Warsaw, Poland) is an Associate Professor of Business Administration at the Harvard Business School. He is known for his research in the area of on-line social platforms and study of how companies leverage social platforms to improve their profitability. He teaches a second year elective course on Competing with Social Networks, and in 2011, was named one of the World’s Best 40 B-School Professors Under the Age of 40 by Poets & Quants. He is currently teaching his elective to the MBA class at the Saïd Business School.
Education and career to date.
Professor Piskorski received both his bachelors and masters degrees from Christ's College at the University of Cambridge where he studied Economics and Politics. He also received a masters in Sociology and a Ph.D. in Organizational Behavior from Harvard University.
After initially teaching at Stanford's Graduate School of Business, Misiek returned to Harvard in 2004 where he has taught classes such as Competing with Social Networks and Building and Sustaining Competitive Advantage to MBA students, along with several other classes in the executive education program.
He has written a number of Harvard Business School cases on various social platforms, including Facebook, Zynga, LinkedIn, eHarmony, Twitter, MySpace, Friendster, Meetup, mixi, adMob, Wikipedia, and Yelp. Misiek has also written articles that have appeared in peer-reviewed publications such as Administrative Science Quarterly and Social Forces. He has also been cited by popular publications such as the New York Times, Business 2.0, and Investors Business Daily.

</doc>
<doc id="31041440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31041440" title="Kelly Gay">
Kelly Gay

Kelly Gay is an American author, known for her work in urban fantasy. Gay has written books in both the adult and young-adult genres, penning the latter under the name of Kelly Keaton. She is particularly known for the Charlie Madigan series, a story about a police officer who attempts to balance paranormal cases with life as a single mother. Her works have received critical acclaim and award recognition.
Personal life.
As a child, Kelly Gay was introduced to fantasy by her mother and grandmother. She grew up writing paranormal stories and screenplays while working an assortment of jobs. In 2006, Gay received a North Carolina Arts Council fellowship grant in screenwriting, which she credits with helping to boost her confidence as a storyteller.
In 2008, two of her unpublished manuscripts became finalists in the Golden Heart Awards, presented by Romance Writers of America. Her debut novel was acquired by Simon and Schuster the same year. She resides in North Carolina with her husband and two children.
Career.
Charlie Madigan series.
Gay's debut novel, "The Better Part of Darkness", was released in November 2009. It is the first book in the Charlie Madigan series. Set in Atlanta, the story presents a future in which humanity has discovered two paranormal dimensions. As a result, Earth becomes a new home for various benevolent or malicious supernatural beings. The series follows the personal and professional challenges of Charlie Madigan, a single mother and a policewoman.
A review from "Booklist" called the first novel "extraordinary." "Publishers Weekly" stated, "Intricate world-building and richly complex characters mix with a fast-paced plot to create a standout start to a new series." "The Better Part of Darkness" was a double finalist in the 2010 RITA Awards, presented by Romance Writers of America. The novel also received recognition from the Southern Independent Booksellers Alliance, a trade association representing southern-area book stores in the United States. SIBA identified the novel as an "Okra Pick" in 2009, and also as a Long List Book Award Finalist the following year.
The second Charlie Madigan novel, "The Darkest Edge of Dawn", was released in August 2010. "Romantic Times Book Reviews" called it better than its predecessor, and remarked that the "tight plotting keeps the pace brisk and the action exciting." The book was also nominated for a 2010 Australian Romance Readers Award, appearing in the category of "Favourite Sci-Fi, Urban Fantasy or Futuristic Romance".
Young-adult fiction.
In 2010, Gay revealed plans to write young-adult fiction under the name Kelly Keaton. Her first YA novel, "Darkness Becomes Her", was released in February 2011. The book presents a post-disaster New Orleans, renamed New 2, which is largely abandoned and believed to be inhabited by paranormal beings. An isolated teenager named Ari returns to New 2 seeking answers about her past, finding new mysteries and allies along the way. A review from "School Library Journal" stated that the story "paints richly detailed scenes of the New Orleans landscape and crafts fully realized, sympathetic characters. Ari’s journey from loner to wary member of a band of misfits and her fall for one of them spins a compelling thread through her quest." Author Christopher Pike called the book, "Unforgettable, complex, and unique."

</doc>
<doc id="31041442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31041442" title="Charlie Madigan series">
Charlie Madigan series

The Charlie Madigan series is a collection of urban fantasy novels by author Kelly Gay. The books present a future in which humanity has discovered two vastly different dimensions, making Atlanta a crossroads for various supernatural beings. The protagonist, Charlie Madigan, is a policewoman who attempts to balance her paranormal cases with life as a single mother.
Overview.
Following mankind's discovery of two paranormal dimensions—the heavenly Elysia and the hellish Charbydon—the Integration Task Force is created to oversee various supernatural beings who take residence on Earth. The series follows ITF officer Charlie Madigan, a driven and witty Atlanta policewoman, who works to maintain peace among humans and non-humans. Madigan has a preteen daughter named Emma, and works alongside a powerful Elysian named Hank. Additionally, Madigan herself begins to display superhuman abilities after being mysteriously revived from the dead. As the series progresses, Charlie attempts to fulfill her duties while protecting those closest to her.
The opening novel, "The Better Part of Darkness", follows Charlie's efforts to find the source of an off-world narcotic spreading throughout her city. In book two, "The Darkest Edge of Dawn", Charlie and Hank attempt to keep Atlanta from becoming a battleground between Elysia and Charbydon. 
In 2010, author Kelly Gay announced that the third novel, "The Hour of Dust and Ashes", was scheduled for release in 2011. A fourth was planned for 2012.
Background.
Wanting to explore the "normal within the paranormal", Gay chose to give her protagonist a complex personal life. "In the UF world, it seemed very natural to me that there would exist heroines that could doll out the whoopings and also have family, a child, a marriage, a tight support group. I wanted to see what would happen if I placed that kind of character, one juggling a kid, an ex-husband, and work into the urban fantasy mold." 
Despite the fantastic elements, Gay describes Charlie's life as being "pretty common in a lot of ways. She's not always the strongest, the smartest, or the most beautiful. She makes mistakes, wins as much as she loses, and sometimes her emotions get in the way. But one of my favorite things about Charlie is that her heart is in the right place; she’d give her last breath for those she loves." The author also drew from personal experience when finding her character's voice. "With Charlie, I pull a lot from my own feelings and emotions about being a mom and wanting the best for my kid—making good choices and sometimes making mistakes, too, all the hopes and fears, etc."
Reception.
"Booklist" called "The Better Part of Darkness" "extraordinary." "Publishers Weekly" stated, "Intricate world-building and richly complex characters mix with a fast-paced plot to create a standout start to a new series." Author Vicki Pettersson also commended the story, stating that it "flaunts one of the greatest qualities of good fantasy: utter believability." Pettersson noted that the fantasy elements are "balanced by the simple story of a mother who will risk anything for those she loves." Jenna Black called Charlie Madigan "the epitome of the modern kick-butt heroine". "Romantic Times Book Reviews" described the protagonist as "a complex heroine who is hardheaded and gutsy." The review also called the novel "an excellent start to an electrifying new series".
"The Better Part of Darkness" was a double finalist in the 2010 RITA Awards, presented by Romance Writers of America. The novel also received recognition from the Southern Independent Booksellers Alliance, a trade association representing southern-area book stores in the United States. SIBA identified the novel as an "Okra Pick" in 2009, and as a Long List Book Award Finalist the following year. 
"RT Book Reviews" called "The Darkest Edge of Dawn" "even better" than its predecessor, commending it for building upon the first novel by exploring the repercussions of Charlie's actions. The review concluded that the "tight plotting keeps the pace brisk and the action exciting." The novel was also nominated for a 2010 Australian Romance Readers Award, appearing in the category of "Favourite Sci-Fi, Urban Fantasy or Futuristic Romance".

</doc>
<doc id="31041486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31041486" title="Carola Scarpa">
Carola Scarpa

Carola Scarpa (August 24, 1971, São Paulo February 25, 2011), born Ana Carolina Rorato de Oliveira in São Paulo, was a Brazilian actress and socialite.
She was married to Brazilian playboy . She lived in the U.S. and had an affair with the mobster John A. Gotti in New York.

</doc>
<doc id="31041492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31041492" title="Dueling in the United States South">
Dueling in the United States South

Dueling was a common practice in the U.S. South from the seventeenth century until the end of the American Civil War in 1865. Although the dueling largely disappeared in the early nineteenth century in the North, it remained a common practice in the South (as well as the West) until the battlefield experience of the American Civil War changed public opinion. The markets and governance of the South were not as institutionalized during the nineteenth century compared to the North. Thus, duels presented a quick and clean way of settling disputes outside of the courts. Although many duels were fought to settle disputes over tangible items such as land, unpaid debts, money, or women, more were over intangible ones.
Background.
The act of dueling was often condemned by public figures throughout early U.S. history and seen as unnecessarily violent and instigated by trivial matters. For example, to pinch someone's nose was an insult grave enough to challenge to a duel for it symbolized the unmasking of a liar. Contrary to the perception that the act of dueling occurred at the “drop of a hat,” there were real economic forces that drove one to challenge another or accept a duel. However, the concept of “defending one’s honor” was not quite as abstract and idealistic as often imagined – losing “honor” often had pecuniary disadvantages that made defending one’s honor a somewhat rational decision, even at risk of being physically harmed or even killed. Dueling to protect one’s credit or honor was partly a response to the underdeveloped credit markets of this region and time period.
Personal credit in the South.
In the U.S. South, a largely agricultural society (largely plantations) in which production circles were longer-term than those of their manufacturing-oriented northern counterparts, plantation owners were often highly leveraged and heavily dependent on personal credit to carry them through to the harvesting and sale of their goods. The assets of plantation owners were largely illiquid, their estates largely holding value in the form of real estate and slaves. Thus, preserving personal credit was highly important to the livelihoods of plantation owners.
Given that the credit markets were rather opaque until the early 20th century in the South – lenders could not readily view an applicant’s financial statements, being perceived as “honorable” was almost essential to being approved for loans. Given that transaction costs were very high during this period, perceived personal integrity or character was important to being seen as likely to honor one’s contracts and debts. Thus, the word “honor” was almost culturally synonymous with “creditworthiness.” The long-term economic penalties for having one’s reputation ruined included limited access to loanable funds and diminished political influence.
Lending institutions did not punish its debtors for participating in duels. A plantation owner could risk a devaluation of his or her assets from turning down a duel with the loss of his honor, which would hurt the lender as well. In the case that a debtor accepted a challenge in a duel and lost, the lender could expect an honorable man to honor his debts posthumously by paying back the owed amount with interest as the debtor’s estate was slowly liquidated.
Rise of modern financial institutions.
Dueling in the U.S. virtually disappeared by the start of the twentieth century with the rise of modern banking institutions and commercialized lending in the South, which were characterized by greater transparency and lower transaction costs. The larger, commercialized financial institutions that slowly took market share in the South took a quicker, more impersonal approach to screening that placed less importance on personal character.
Culture of honor.
The Southern culture of honor is often tied to the relative persistence of dueling in the South, a cultural phenomenon in which special caution is taken to not offend others and misconduct is not taken lightly (dealt with swift and firm retribution). A high premium is placed on toughness in this culture of honor, because one is expected to defend one's resources and deter predators. It has been shown by social psychologists that this region-specific cultural phenomenon still persists.
In a relatively recent study on Southern attitudes toward violence (Nisbett & Cohen, 1996)., it was shown that employers in the South were more likely to be sympathetic than employers in the North towards a fictional applicant who explained in a letter with his job application that he had been charged with manslaughter for responding to an insult, accepting a challenge to a fight, and accidentally killing his challenger.

</doc>
<doc id="31041508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31041508" title="Stade Idriss Ngari">
Stade Idriss Ngari

Stade Idriss Ngari is a multi-use stadium in Owendo, Gabon. It is currently used mostly for football matches, on club level by Association Sportive des Commerçants Mounana of the Gabon Championnat National D1. The stadium has a capacity of 5,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="31041513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31041513" title="Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Installations, Environment &amp; Logistics)">
Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Installations, Environment &amp; Logistics)

Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Installations, Environment & Logistics) (abbreviated SAF/IE) is the title of a civilian office in the United States Department of the Air Force. Along with the three other Assistant Secretaries of the Air Force, the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Installations, Environment & Logistics) assists the United States Secretary of the Air Force and the United States Under Secretary of the Air Force.
By law, the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Installations, Environment & Logistics) is appointed by the President of the United States "from civilian life with the advice and consent of the United States Senate." Unlike the other Assistant Secretaries, whose duties are statutorily defined, the office of Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Installations, Environment & Logistics) evolved to meet the needs of the United States Air Force as determined by the Secretary of the Air Force. The Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Installations, Environment & Logistics) is primarily tasked with all United States Air Force installations. This includes responsibility for all logistics required to keep the United States Air Force in a state of readiness, occupational safety and health on Air Force installations, and environmental issues related to maintaining the Air Force's fleet and installations.
The principal subordinate of the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Installations, Environment & Logistics) is the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Installations, Environment & Logistics). Other major subordinates include the Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Installations), the Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Environment, Safety and Occupational Health), the Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Energy), the Director of the Air Force Real Property Agency, and the Director of the BRAC Program Management Office.

</doc>
<doc id="31041518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31041518" title="Sacred Journey of Ku-Kai">
Sacred Journey of Ku-Kai

Sacred Journey of Ku-Kai is a series of peace-themed albums by new age artist Kitarō, inspired by the classic Buddhist pilgrimage to the 88 sacred temples on Japan's island of Shikoku. Each album in the series has been nominated for a Grammy Award for Best New Age Album.

</doc>
<doc id="31041559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31041559" title="Jorge Santoro">
Jorge Santoro

Jorge Santoro Herrmann (died 26 February 2011) was a Brazilian professional football player and coach.
Career.
Born in Belo Horizonte, Santoro moved to South Africa in 1964 to play for Hellenic, and also later played for Highlands Park before retiring due to injuries sustained in a car crash back in Brazil. Upon his return to South Africa, Santoro was active as a coach, working for such teams as Moroka Swallows, Lusitano and Giant Blackpool.

</doc>
<doc id="31041572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31041572" title="Kirot">
Kirot

Kirot (; lit.: Walls), released in the United States as The Assassin Next Door, is an Israeli action-drama film directed by Danny Lerner in 2009. The primary language is English with many scenes in Russian and Hebrew with English subtitles.
Plot.
Galia (Olga Kurylenko) is a Ukrainian sex slave working in Tel Aviv who attempts to escape with another woman (Yana Goor). They are captured and beaten and she watches her friend stabbed to death. She demands to be released and a Russian mobster feels she is smart and strong enough to fill another role. She is told to assassinate a man in a coffee shop and is successful. She is then given an apartment and a pittance.
She performs intermittent assassinations while trying to earn money and to have her passport returned to her so she can return to Ukraine and re-unite with her daughter. She is troubled, though, by the noise of her neighbor constantly beating his wife Elinor (Ninette Tayeb). She reaches out to her neighbor and offers friendship, as she can relate to her situation having formerly also been a battered wife.
Galia and Elinor develop a very affectionate friendship. Galia performs her last hit but then the mafia turns on her and attempts to kill her. She then robs the mafia of the money she is owed and attempts to get Elinor to run away with her. At first she is not successful until Elinor stabs her husband when he is beating her and she is now pregnant. As they run away together they are pursued by the mafia in a series of bloody shootouts.

</doc>
<doc id="31041578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31041578" title="Sacred and Profane">
Sacred and Profane

Sacred and Profane is a 1987 novel by Faye Kellerman. It is second in the "Peter Decker/Rina Lazarus" series.
A Fawcett Crest Book published by Ballantine Books.
Timeline: About six months after "The Ritual Bath", starts Christmas Eve, Decker is 39.
Place: Los Angeles and Yeshiva Ohavei Torah, Foothill Division LAPD.
Plot summary.
Decker had taken the boys on a camping vacation when Sammy wandered off and found two burned and buried skeletons. Peter finds himself assigned the case, in spite of his status in the Sex and juvie division, due to an unexpected lack in departmental manpower. When starting the case after Christmas, he is introduced to forensic dentist Annie Hennon, who helps identify the victims as Lindsey Bates and "Countess Dracula". Tracking down where they might have been and who they may have been involved with leads to photographer Cecil Pode and his sons, Dustin and Earl Pode (Dustin being in business with Earl's friend, Cameron Smithson, and his father, Harrison Smithson). Earl Pode (aka Blade) is found dead in the same grave as the girls, and Decker finds that his best friend Cameron is the culprit. The case takes a toll on his Talmud studies with Rav Schulman at the yeshiva and strains his relationship with Rina. Because of the stress of their maybe/maybe not marital path, at the end of the book Rina moves to New York City with her former in-laws so that they can both concentrate on preparing themselves for the future, her to take a job in a relative's company to stop feeling like a charity case, he to continue his Talmudic studies and decide if he really can lead the religious life for himself and not just her.

</doc>
<doc id="31041580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31041580" title="2011 Big West Conference Men's Basketball Tournament">
2011 Big West Conference Men's Basketball Tournament

The 2011 Big West Conference Men's Basketball Tournament took place from March 10–12, 2011 at the Honda Center in Anaheim, California. The Tournament was previously held at the Anaheim Convention Center. The winner of the tournament, UC Santa Barbara, received the conference's automatic bid to the 2011 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament, where it lost in the first round to Florida.
Format.
The top eight teams in the conference qualified for the 2011 Big West Tournament.
Seeds.
Through games of March 3, 2011

</doc>
<doc id="31041615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31041615" title="Berthold I">
Berthold I

Berthold I may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31041624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31041624" title="Friederike Brion">
Friederike Brion

Friederike Elisabetha Brion (probably 19 April 1752 Niederrœdern, Alsace – 3 April 1813 Meißenheim near Lahr) was a parson's daughter who had a short, but intense love-affair with the young Johann Wolfgang Goethe.
Life.
The date of birth of Friederike is unsure because the parish registers were destroyed during the French revolution. Friederike was the third of five surviving children of the married couple Brion. The father, Jakob Brion, took over a post as the parson of the village of Sessenheim on St. Martin's Day 1760. Friederike—nice, jolly, but a little sickish—grew up in the village.
The young Johann Wolfgang Goethe from Frankfurt am Main visited the hospitable parsonage, like several other young people, while studying law in Strasbourg. He first reached Sessenheim in October 1770 and met Friederike there, for the first time, the same month, when he was exploring the region on horseback with an Alsatian friend, the medical student Friedrich Leopold Weyland (1750-1785). His depiction of Friederike, whom he liked most of the parson's three daughters, contains a lot of fantastical additions, but shows the situation vividly and lovingly, mentioning Friederike's slenderness and lightness, her way of walking "as if she did not have to bear anything at herself", the impression that the neck nearly was too tender for the dainty head with its mighty tresses, the clearly brisk glance of her serene blue eyes, and the nice snub-nose "searching as freely in the air as if there could be no sorrow in the world". The description is counted a literary masterwork that shows an enchanting scene with the help of modest colors.
Goethe, beginning already in winter, rode to Sessenheim many times, over the following months, and used to stay with the Brions for periods of up to several weeks. He roamed the surrounding area with Friederike, undertook boat trips with her, in the waters of the Rhine, and visited acquaintances with her. For the ensuing time, Sessenheim became the “center of the Earth” for the poet. He experienced an idyll that brought about things new and unknown to him and was inspirited by this to verse, after a longer time, again. In spring 1771, he wrote a couple of poems and songs, which he sometimes sent to Friederike with painted ribbons. These "Sesenheimer Lieder" (among them "Maifest", "Willkommen und Abschied" and "Heidenröslein") became crucial for the Sturm und Drang and founded Goethe's fame as a poet.
But Goethe already in early summer 1771 thought of ending the liaison. On 7 August 1771, he saw Friederike for the last time before he returned to Frankfurt. Only from Frankfurt, he sent the beloved a letter by which he definitely severed the love-affair. Friederike answered him in a heart-rending letter.
Goethe at least one time—on a trip to Switzerland in 1779—returned to the Sessenheim parsonage. Some unsure sources mention a further visit in 1782, when Friederike's older sister Maria Salomea married Gottfried Marx from Strasbourg, who had just become parson in Diersburg (today Hohberg).
In summer 1772, Jakob Michael Reinhold Lenz courted Friederike, who was still strongly suffering from her lover's grief. But Friederike stayed unmarried till the end of her life and lived in her parents' house up to the death of her father in 1787. (Her mother had died just the year before.) After that, she and her younger sister Sofie went to live with their brother Christian at the parsonage of Rothau (Bas-Rhin), where they stayed when Christian was transferred. They earned their living by selling weaving, earthenware, pottery and handicraft produce and operated a boarding-house for girls from Sessenheim and the village's surroundings who were thought to learn French at a school erected for that sake in Rothau.
Friederike moved to the Diersburg parsonage in 1801 to support her sickish older sister Salomea, and stayed there, afterwards, with some interruptions. In 1805, she followed the family to Meißenheim. Salomea died in 1807. In 1813, Friederike had to ask her sister Sofie to provide for her. After her death on 5 April of the same year, she was buried on the Meißenheim cemetery. The grave's tombstone by Wilhelm Hornberger was put in its place only in 1866.
Influence onto Goethe's work and authority.
Goethe's Sessenheim time was rather only superficially an idyll, while the prevailing tone of the poet's liaison with Friederike remained a tragic one. The love-affair grew on the basis of a general feeling to be moving towards a higher human existence that coined life throughout Europe in those times and made possible an especially liberal intercourse of young people. Goethe, thus, was more or less counted Friederike's fiancé without having talked the thing over with her, let alone with her parents. The love-affair was slowly broken up, again, without a palatable transition.
The enthusiasm of many for Goethe—among them Johann Gottfried Herder—has been dampened by the impression his behavior had broken the heart of an all-too tender girl, in the case of Friederike Brion.
Friederike has, together with Herder and the Alsatian nature and landscape, widened Goethe's spirit and fired the poet's creative power. "Willkommen und Abschied" and "Maifest" unite deep inner feelings with the atmosphere out in nature as German poetry has not done that before, since Walther von der Vogelweide, while "Heidenröslein" most clearly shows how well Goethe knew to follow the character of the popular ballad and, at the same time, most lively and concisely represents the poet's adventure with Friederike.
Friederike was the prototype of the figures of Maria, the sister of the hero of Goethe's drama "Goetz von Berlichingen" (1773), and of Marie Beaumarchais in the poet's five-act tragedy "Clavigo" (1774). The figure of Margarete in Goethe's tragic play "Faust" has even more directly been given Friederike's traits outwardly and inwardly.
Friederike Brion in art.
Franz Lehár has composed an operetta "Friederike" on the foundation of the love-affair (1928).

</doc>
<doc id="31041630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31041630" title="The Young Warriors (film)">
The Young Warriors (film)

The Young Warriors is a war film filmed in 1966 by Universal Pictures based on Richard Matheson's 1960 novel "The Beardless Warriors" that was the working title of the film. The novel was inspired by Matheson's own experiences as an 18 year old infantryman with the 87th Infantry Division in Germany in World War II. The film was directed by John Peyser who had directed 27 episodes of "Combat!" and would later direct 10 episodes of "The Rat Patrol".
It was filmed cheaply by Universal on their backlot using many of its contract players, with Matheson asked to do a rewrite of his screenplay in order to utilise the battle sequences from Universal's "To Hell and Back".When Universal wished to "lighten" Matheson's screenplay, they had Jonathan Daly write a comedy relief scene of chasing a duck through a minefield. The film was released as a double feature with Rosalind Russell's "Rosie!".
Plot.
Europe: 1944. A group of replacements are assigned to Sgt Cooley's squad and sent into battle. Initially frightened, Hacker grows to love killing but loses that feeling as well. He is promoted to Corporal and later given his own squad.
Production.
Matheson recalled that following the release of his novel he had offers from Richard Zanuck (who dropped his plans to film it when his father Darryl F. Zanuck was making "The Longest Day") and Fred Zinnemann. Zinnemann told Matheson that he wanted to make the film but had several other projects at the time; Matheson refused to wait and turned him down.

</doc>
<doc id="31041637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31041637" title="Berthold II">
Berthold II

Berthold II may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31041660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31041660" title="Barbara Bakhmetev">
Barbara Bakhmetev

Barbara Alexandrovna Bakhmeteva () (1815–1851), birth name Barbara Alexandrovna Lopukhina, was a Russian noblewoman who was the beloved and tragic muse of the great Romantic poet Mikhail Lermontov. Her Russian first name (Варвара) may be transliterated as "Varvara" as well as translated as "Barbara".
Biography.
Born into the ancient noble Lopukhin family, Barbara Lopukhin was the seventh of eight children. Barbara Lopukhin and her brother Alexei and sister Mary were close friends of Mikhail Lermontov from 1828, when Lermontov came to Moscow for his secondary school education. And in time Barbara Lopukhin and Lermontov fell in love. At the age of 18, Lermontov wrote these lines to Lopukhin:
According to recollections of the relatives of the poet, Lermentov retained this love for Lopukhina until his death. But the Lopukhin family opposed their marriage, particularly Barbara's father, Alexander Lopukhin. And Lermontov's sister Barbara Lermontov and her friend Maria also opposed the marriage.
In 1835 Barbara Lopukhina married Nikolai Fyodorovich Bakhmetev, a wealthy landowner and Actual State Councilor. Nikolai Bakhmetev was then 37 and Barbara 20. According to Lermontov's second cousin Akim Shan-Gireya, at the news of her impeding marriage Lopukhina's "face changed and grew pale".
Lermontov did not or could not recognize Barbara's new surname. Sending her a new version of "Demon" (a long poem featuring some of the most resonant lines in the Russian language, which he rewrote several times), he several times crossed out the initials ВАБ and wrote instead ВАЛ In the dedication sent to the copyist.
Lermontov, tormented by jealousy, alluded to Nikolai Bakhmetev several times in his writing with sardonic humor as a greybeard and cuckold. However, his stinging attacks on Bakhmetev were also transferred to his wife:
Bakhmetev was also jealous and forbade his wife to speak of Lermontov, and made every effort to destroy her correspondence with the poet, so that the main source of information about their relationship after marriage is the poet's correspondence with Barbara's sister, Mary Lopukhina.
In 1839, to save all her materials associated with Lermontov from destruction, Barbara Bakhmetev gave them to her friend Alexandra Vereshchagina when she was at a European resort. Much of this material, drawings and writing by Lermontov, were passed to Vereshchagina's descendants in Russia. According to the literary critic Irakly Andronikov, though, "Not all the Vereschagina materials have come to light".
Barbara Bakhmetev was never happy or even well after her marriage. Her last meeting with Lermontov in 1838 was described thus by Shan-Gireya:
Barbara and Nikolai Bakhmetev had a daughter, Olga (married name Olga Bazylevska). In 1838 Lermentov, returned from his exile in the Caucasus, met with mother and child. According to Pavel Viskovatov, Lermontov's poem "The Child" is about this meeting. Reacting to the changed appearance of his beloved, Lermentov wrote
Barbara Bakhmetev had repeatedly traveled with her husband abroad for treatment, but after Lermentov's death in an 1841 duel, her condition deteriorated. In the autumn of 1841 her sister Mary wrote:
Barbara Bakhmetev died on September 9, 1851, at the age of 36. She was buried in the small cathedral of the Donskoy Monastery. Her husband survived her by more than thirty years. Nikolai Fyodorovich Bakhmetev died on March 3, 1884, and was buried beside his wife.
Barbara Lopukhina in the works of Lermontov.
The figure of Barbara Alexandrovna is reflected many times in Lermontov's work. He dedicated some works to her directly, and she served as the prototype of many of the poet's characters, such as in verses 254–260 of the poem "Sashka". And he painted and drew many portraits of her also.
The third edition of his famous poem "Demon" was dedicated to Barbara Lopuchin; the sixth and seventh he also sent to her with a dedication.
Lermontov's play "Two Brothers", written after Barbara's marriage, highlights the mercantile aspects of contemporary marriage, a financial relationship of with no deep feelings between the spouses.
A similar theme - a strong sense of connection between two characters before the heroine's marriage to another, but the heroine's love not quenched but rather strengthened by the separation - appears in the poet's later works "Princess Ligovskaya" and "Hero of Our Time". Of this autobiographical work Lermontov wrote "...I'm writing the fourth act of the new drama, taken from events that happened to me in Moscow."
The name Barbara Lopukhina is closely linked to Lermontov's poem addressed to Catherine Bykhovets: "No, it is not you whom I love so ardently". According to Bykhovets's memoirs:
Autobiographical passages occurred in "A Hero of Our Time". According to Lermontov's first biographer, Pavel Viskovatov, everyone who read the chapter "Princess Mary" recognized the Bakhmetevs in the characters of Faith and her husband.
Lermontov's description of his female characters speak for themselves:r
Here is how Barbara Bakhmetev is described by her great-niece O. V. Trubetskoy:
This characteristic feature, the dark eyes and blonde hair, is present almost everywhere, except perhaps in the poem where the term "dark eyes" is replace with "wing-footed". However, according to research by N. Pakhomov this is similar to a change the poet resorted to in "Hero of Our Time", when a mole on Princess Faith's eyebrow - a feature identical to one that Barbara Bakhmetev had - is, in the final version, moved to the cheek "to avoid speculation about the overly close resemblance"
Lermontov also painted several portraits of Barbara. There are some portraits which are known to be of her, and a number of others of which she is believed or assumed to be the subject.
The Annunciation Monastery.
Barbara Bakhmetev is also memorialized in the city of Tolyatti.
In 1846, Nikolai Fedorovich Bakhmetev constructed a stone church, the altar which was dedicated in honor of St. Barbara, in hope of curative divine intercession for Barbara. It didn't work.
This church is now the oldest building in Tolyatti and is the main church of the Annunciation Monastery, a recognized historical monument of Tolyatti.

</doc>
<doc id="31041668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31041668" title="Anna Katharina Schönkopf">
Anna Katharina Schönkopf

Anna Katharina Schönkopf (; also called „Käthchen“ (]) and „Annette“ (]); * 22 August 1746 Leipzig - 20 May 1810 ibidem) was the daughter of the pewter and wine merchant Christian Gottlieb Schönkopf (]; 1716-1791) and his wife Katharina Sibylla (]), born Hauck (]; 1714-1790). The young Johann Wolfgang Goethe, who studied in Leipzig from 1765 to 1768, fell in love with her in 1766.
Käthchen Schönkopf as a figure in Goethe's life.
Anna Katharina, who moved to her parents' hotel in 1766, was three years older than Goethe. She reacted rather reservedly to his declarations of love in the beginning. Her parents were kept in the dark about the unfolding love-affair, because a liaison of a girl of Anna Katharina's plain origin and the son of a Patrician might be seen as unsuitable to Goethe's station. Goethe communicated his wishes and feelings to his friend Ernst Wolfgang Behrisch (1738-1809), and sought Behrisch's advice in the issue. He felt strong jealousy of real or imaginary rivals, during his relationship to Käthchen, and wrought the inner problems connected to this into his pastoral play "Die Laune des Verliebten" ("The Lover’s Caprice", 1768), to cure himself.
Anna Katharina appeared to Goethe as a perfect, charming and elegant being. She liked the love poems which Goethe dedicated to her and which he published as "Annettenlieder" ("songs to Annette"). These poems are considered the first of bigger meaning within Goethe's oeuvre. 
Goethe introduced the jurist and later vice mayor of Leipzig, Christian Karl Kanne, who would later become Anna Katharina's bridegroom, to his sweetheart. He continued his friendship with Anna Katharina by sending her letters, in which he still felt bound to her, until 1770. Kanne and Anna Katharina married in 1770. Goethe visited Anna Katharina in 1776, when he had moved to Weimar.

</doc>
<doc id="31041680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31041680" title="Honor Takes Center Stage">
Honor Takes Center Stage

Honor Takes Center Stage was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by Ring of Honor (ROH). It took place over two consecutive days, on 1 and 2 April 2011, at the Center Stage Theatre in Atlanta, with the 1 April show at 8pm ET/5pm PT, and the 2 April show at a special matinee time of 1pm ET/10am PT. It was the seventh ROH event to be shown on live online pay-per-view (PPV).
Production.
In February 2011, ROH announced during 9th Anniversary Show that their next pay-per-view would be taking place in April and would be live on Internet pay-per-view through GoFightLive.
Background.
The main match of the first show was Eddie Edwards' first ROH World Championship defence, against Christopher Daniels. After becoming World Champion in September 2010, Roderick Strong first defended his title in November against Daniels who lost, but won an impromptu non-title rematch in January. He was therefore granted another match for the championship at this event, with Strong as his original opponent, however at "Manhattan Mayhem IV", Edwards used his Survival of the Fittest win to challenge Strong and become the new ROH World Champion. Edwards and Daniels have a long history as, in March 2010, Edwards became the first ROH World Television Champion. He held this title for 280 days, making nine title defences until Daniels won it from him in December on the weekly "Ring of Honor Wrestling" programme in a match that almost went to the standard 15 minute time limit of TV Title matches. Their rematch was given an extended 10 minutes and made a Two Out of Three Falls match at 9th Anniversary Show in February which ended in a 1–1 time limit draw.
The second featured championship match saw Wrestling's Greatest Tag Team (Shelton Benjamin and Charlie Haas) finally have a match for the ROH World Tag Team Championship having entered Ring of Honor the previous September. Their Glory By Honor IX debut against reigning champions Kings of Wrestling (Chris Hero and Claudio Castagnoli) and lose in a non-title match. They returned to ROH as regulars from December onwards and defeated the Kings of Wrestling in another non-title match at "SoCal Showdown II", then went on to win a contendership match against the Briscoe Brothers at 9th Anniversary Show earning them a rubber match with the Kings, this time for the ROH World Tag Team Championship. On 7 March, Wrestling's Greatest Tag Team issued a video challenge to the only major tag team in ROH they had not yet faced, the American Wolves (Davey Richards and Eddie Edwards), for a match on the second day of the event, which they soon accepted.
Roderick Strong was involved in two rematches from his World Championship reign, across the weekend. On the first event he wrestled Davey Richards, who he defended his title against at Final Battle 2010. Their match came to an abrupt end when Richards passed out after suffering a concussion and broken ear drum. Meanwhile, at "SoCal Showdown II" on 28 January, Strong defended his title against El Generico but had to hit Generico with the title belt to do so after Generico showed resilience against Strong.
On the second day, there was another rematch but this time a tag team contest between the Briscoe Brothers and the All Night Express (Kenny King and Rhett Titus). Going into "Manhattan Mayhem IV", the Express were a villainous pair but the New York crowd did not welcome the southern Briscoes leading to a rare double-turn. Spurred on by a rowdy crowd, the match became violent with Titus becoming bloodied. After the All Night Express won the match, the two teams continued to brawl even into the locker room, where a rematch was offered and eventually accepted.
As part of an ongoing feud, Prince Nana's group The Embassy has been targeting Colt Cabana who disagrees with Nana using his money to exploit people. On the 24 March Videowire, Nana's barrister R.D. Evans announced they had procured the services of English wrestling veteran Dave Taylor to face Cabana on the second day of the event.
On 8 March, ROH's website announced the signing of three joshi wrestlers from the all-female Japanese promotion S-Ovation would debut over the weekend; Hiroyo Matsumoto, Ayumi Kurihara, and Tomoka Nakagawa would all wrestle after appearing at ROH's sister promotion Shimmer Women Athletes. At Final Battle 2010, Shimmer stalwart Serena Deeb teamed with Sara Del Rey to take on her enemy Daizee Haze who had picked Amazing Kong as her partner. On 28 March, ROH announced that the team of Deeb and Del Rey would wrestle Matsumoto and Kurihara on the first day of the event. On the second day, Matsumoto and Kurihara challenged Haze and Nakagawa for the Shimmer Tag Team Championship, having won them six days previously at "Volume 40".

</doc>
<doc id="31041707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31041707" title="USS SC-22">
USS SC-22

USS "SC-22", during her service life known as USS "Submarine Chaser No. 22" or USS "S.C. 22", was an "SC-1"-class submarine chaser built for the United States Navy during World War I. She later served in the United States Coast Guard as USCGC "Quigley".
U.S. Navy service.
"SC-22" was a wooden-hulled 110-foot (34 m) submarine chaser built at the New York Navy Yard at Brooklyn, New York. She was commissioned on 19 October 1917 as USS "Submarine Chaser No. 22", abbreviated at the time as USS "S.C. 22".
"Submarine Chaser No. 22" was transferred to the U.S. Coast Guard on 13 or 14 November 1919 at Norfolk, Virginia.
The U.S. Navy adopted its modern hull number system on 17 July 1920, after "Submarine Chaser No. 22" had left Navy service. Had she remained in Navy service at that date, she would have been classified as SC-22 and her name would have been shortened to USS "SC-22", and she now is referred to retrospectively by this name.
U.S. Coast Guard service.
The Coast Guard commissioned the submarine chaser as USCGC "Quigley".
The Coast Guard found "Quigley", like other "SC-1"-class submarine chasers, too expensive to operate and maintain, and sold her on 1 May 1922.

</doc>
<doc id="31041717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31041717" title="Derek Leask">
Derek Leask

Derek Leask (born 1948) is a New Zealand diplomat, since March 2008 the High Commissioner from New Zealand to the United Kingdom, and concurrently accredited as Ambassador to Ireland and High Commissioner to Nigeria. Leask is a career diplomat, who joined the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1969. Before becoming Commissioner, he was Deputy Secretary at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade in Wellington. He served as Ambassador to the European Union in Brussels from 1994 to 1999, and was earlier posted to Suva, Ottawa and London, between 1985 and 1989.
Leask was born in Wellington, and has degrees from Victoria University of Wellington (BCA), and the University of Canterbury (M. Comm, Hons-Economics).
High Commissioner to the United Kingdom.
Minster of Foreign Affairs Winston Peters announced Leask would be the next High Commissioner in London on 22 November 2007, succeeding Jonathan Hunt. As High Commissioner, Leask attended the service for Edmund Hillary at St George's Chapel in Windsor Castle on 2 April 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="31041744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31041744" title="U mojoj sobi">
U mojoj sobi

U mojoj sobi (Serbian: "In My Room") is a second studio album by Serbian pop singer Aleksandra Kovač. It was released in 2009.
The album contains 11 songs, out of which one is sung in Spanish, and one in English language. All the songs off the album produced Aleksandra Kovač herself.

</doc>
<doc id="31041771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31041771" title="Hitterdal Chapel">
Hitterdal Chapel

Hitterdal Chapel () is a parish church in the municipality of Røros in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway. The church is located in the village of Hitterdalen. The wooden building was built in 1959 by the architect John Egil Tverdahl, and it holds about 130 people.
The church is part of the Hitterdalen parish in Røros which is part of the Gauldal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.

</doc>
<doc id="31041773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31041773" title="Glåmos Church">
Glåmos Church

Glåmos Church () is a parish church in the municipality of Røros in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway. The church is located in the village of Glåmos. The wooden church was built in 1926 by the architect Claus Hjelte. The church hold 300 people.
The church is part of the Glåmos parish in Røros which is part of the Gauldal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.

</doc>
<doc id="31041774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31041774" title="Brekken Church">
Brekken Church

Brekken Church () is a parish church in the municipality of Røros in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway. The church is located in the village of Brekken. The church was built in 1878 by the architect Jacob Wilhelm Nordan, and it was consecrated on 17 July 1878 by the Bishop Andreas Grimelund. The building can hold about 200 people.
The church is part of the Brekken parish in Røros which is part of the Gauldal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.

</doc>
<doc id="31041777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31041777" title="Røros Chapel">
Røros Chapel

Røros Chapel () is a chapel in the municipality of Røros in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway. The round church building is located in the mining town of Røros. It was built in 1962 out of stone and concrete by the architect Erik Guldahl. It has a capacity of 220 people. 
The chapel is part of the Røros parish in the Gauldal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.

</doc>
<doc id="31041778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31041778" title="Røros Church">
Røros Church

Røros Church (, also known as "Bergstadens Ziir") is a parish church in the municipality of Røros in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway. The church is located in the mining town of Røros. Røros Church is Norway's fifth largest church, and has about 1600 seats. It is also ranked by Riksantikvaren as one of the ten most important churches in Norway. The church is part of the Røros parish in the Gauldal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.
The church was consecrated on 15 August 1784 by Bishop Marcus Fredrik Bang. Røros Copper Works paid for the building of the stone church, and the symbol of the Copper Works was put on all sides of the tower wall. There is a sign over the entrance to the church that says ""Til Guds Ære og Bergstadens Ziir"" which means "to God's Glory and Bergstaden's beauty." Bergstaden means "the mining town", and this is why the church is sometimes referred to as "Bergstadens Ziir".

</doc>
<doc id="31041790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31041790" title="Trial by Fire (2008 film)">
Trial by Fire (2008 film)

Trial by Fire is an adventure film starring Brooke Burns and Rick Ravanello. The film has been distributed commercially under the title Smoke Jumper. 
A young woman firefighter is unfairly blamed for causing her firefighter father's death. She sets her sights on becoming a smokejumper. During the gruelling basic training, she earns the respect of her instructors. Because of an emergency situation, she is allowed to jump on a fire before even finishing training. She performs admirably saving several lives. 

</doc>
<doc id="31041791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31041791" title="Cowthally Castle">
Cowthally Castle

Cowthally Castle, also known as Couthalley, is a ruined L-plan castle near Carnwath, Lanarkshire, Scotland. The remains are protected as a scheduled monument.
The castle appears to have been constructed in the 12th century, and was re-built in 1375. The castle passed to Sir John Somerville, 4th Baron of Linton through marriage in 1317 to Lady Elizabeth Douglas. The castle was altered and extended in 1415 and again in 1524. The castle was besieged in 1557 and was partially destroyed and was rebuilt in 1586.
The buildings at the Castle surviving in the 17th century were carefully described by the 11th Lord Somerville in his family history; the "Memorie of the Somervilles".

</doc>
<doc id="31041801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31041801" title="Heck–Matsuda reaction">
Heck–Matsuda reaction

The Heck-Matsuda (HM) reaction is an organic reaction and a type of palladium catalysed arylation of olefins that uses arenediazonium salts as an alternative to aryl halides and triflates.
The use of arenediazonium salts presents some advantages over traditional aryl halide electrophiles, for example, the use of phosphines as ligand are not required and thus negating the requirement for anaerobic conditions, which makes the reaction more practical and easier to handle. Additionally, the reaction can be performed with or without a base and is often faster than traditional Heck protocols.
Allylic alcohols, conjugated alkenes, unsaturated heterocycles and unactivated alkenes are capable of being arylated with arenediazonium salts using simple catalysts such as palladium acetate (Pd(OAc)2) or tris(dibenzylideneacetone)dipalladium(0) (Pd2dba3) at room temperature in air, and in benign and conventional solvents.
In addition to the intermolecular variant of the HM reaction, intramolecular cyclization processes have also been developed for the construction of a range of oxygen and nitrogen heterocycles.
The catalytic cycle for the Heck-Matsuda arylation reaction has four main steps: oxidative addition, migratory insertion or carbopalladation, syn β-elimination and reductive elimination. The proposed Heck catalytic cycle involving cationic palladium with diazonium salts was reinforced by studies with mass spectrometry (ESI) by Correia and co-workers. These results also show the complex interactions that occur in the coordination sphere of palladium during the Heck reaction with arenediazonium salt.

</doc>
<doc id="31041803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31041803" title="Terry A. Yonkers">
Terry A. Yonkers

Terry Arthur Yonkers (born August 5, 1949) is the current United States Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Installations, Environment & Logistics), having held that office since May 7, 2010.
Biography.
Terry A. Yonkers was born in Hemet, California. He was educated at University of California, Riverside, graduating with a Bachelor of Science degree in Biology in 1972, and an advanced degree in Education in 1973.
From 1976 to 1980, Yonkers worked as a biologist for Southern California Edison in Rosemead, California. He became the environmental coordinator of the Air Force Flight Test Center at Edwards Air Force Base in 1980, holding this position until 1984. He spent 1984-85 as regulatory liaison and environmental engineer at the United States Air Force Regional Civil Engineering Office in Dallas. In 1985, he became Deputy Director Environmental Programs for the Air Force Systems Command at Andrews Air Force Base, holding this position until 1990. He then served as Deputy Director and Chief of Environmental Programs at the Air Force Base Conversion Agency in Arlington County, Virginia from 1990 to 1996. During this time, he also studied at the Industrial College of the Armed Forces, receiving a master's degree in national security studies in 1993. From 1996 to 2000, he was Special Assistant to the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Manpower, Reserve Affairs, Installations & Environment) at the Pentagon. During this period, in 1999, he attended the Executive Program of the Tepper School of Business. He was Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Environment, Safety and Occupational Health 2000-2002. He also earned an M.P.A. from George Mason University in 2001.
Yonkers left public service in 2002, joining Arcadis NV in Highlands Ranch, Colorado as Senior Vice President (Business Development). He worked there until 2010.
In 2010, President of the United States Barack Obama nominated Yonkers to be Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Installations, Environment & Logistics) and he was sworn into office on May 7, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="31041865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31041865" title="2011 MAAC Men's Basketball Tournament">
2011 MAAC Men's Basketball Tournament

The 2011 Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference Men's Basketball Tournament took place from March 4–7, 2011 at the Webster Bank Arena in Bridgeport, Connecticut. The tournament was won by Saint Peter's to be crowned with the Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference championship and the conference's automatic bid into the 2011 NCAA Tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="31041898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31041898" title="Korean Revolution">
Korean Revolution

Korean Revolution may refer to;

</doc>
<doc id="31041925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31041925" title="Nuku, Papua New Guinea">
Nuku, Papua New Guinea

Nuku, also known as Nuku Station, is the capital of Nuku District in Sandaun Province, Papua New Guinea. The district is the tertiary level of political division within Papua New Guinea, after the national and provincial levels. The population is approximately 800, though this is variable with the presence of government employees who may only spend short periods of time in the capital, though they may maintain a residence there. Nuku contains a government outpost, post office, medical center, and airstrip. There are several trade stores, and some Western goods can be purchased, though these are not consistent or reliable for any given item.
The global coordinates for Nuku are 3° 40’ 46.03” S x 142° 28’ 50.51” E and it lies at an average elevation of 815 feet, though the area is mountainous and the elevation is variable. The language of Nuku is Mehek, though Tok Pisin is also widely spoken. Nuku is accessible by motor vehicle, though the roads are quite rough and can be impassible during the rainy season. The nearest large town, Mai, is about two hours by motor vehicle or eight hours walking.

</doc>
<doc id="31041958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31041958" title="Zenga Zenga">
Zenga Zenga

Zenga Zenga is an auto-tuned song and viral YouTube video that parodied the late Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi. The song, released on February 22, 2011, quickly became popular among the Libyan opposition active in the 2011 Libyan civil war.
The song was created by Noy Alooshe, an Israeli journalist and musician. The original video has more than 4 million views and the edited "clean" version has surpassed 1 million hits.
Background.
On February 22, 2011, Gaddafi gave a televised speech amidst violent social unrest against his government. In the speech (said in Arabic), Gaddafi vowed to hunt down protesters "inch by inch, house by house, home by home, "alleyway by alleyway" زنقة زنقة prounouced in Libyan dialect as "Zenga Zenga", person by person."
An Israeli journalist and musician, Noy Alooshe, was watching the speech and saw Gaddafi's strange dress and gesticulations as something out of a trance party. Using the natural beat of Gaddafi's words, Alooshe spent a few hours at his computer and using Auto-Tune technology set the speech to the music of "Hey Baby," a song by American rapper Pitbull featuring another American rap artist, T-Pain. The original video features clips from Gaddafi's speech alongside mirror images of a scantily clad woman dancing.
Alooshe titled the new song "Zenga Zenga," based on Gaddafi's repetition in his speech of the word "zanqa", Arabic for alleyway in the Libyan dialect. American comedian Conan O'Brien ostensibly first popularized the transformation of "zanqa" into "zenga zenga" and Alooshe named the clip accordingly. By early Wednesday morning in Israel, Alooshe had uploaded the "electro hip hop remix" to YouTube. By Sunday night, through promotion on Twitter and Facebook, the video had gone viral, receiving nearly 500,000 hits.
Reception.
Reactions were largely positive, presumably from members of the Libyan opposition who embraced it for its mockery of Gaddafi. Some also found the video distasteful, not only because it contains a woman provocatively dancing, but also because the creator of the video, Alooshe, is an Israeli Jew. At the request of web users who wanted to be able to share the video with their more conservative parents, Alooshe created another version without the clips of the dancer.
However, Gaddafi and his loyalist supporters apparently co-opted the song for their own purposes. As reported by "The Guardian", at a speech given by Gaddafi's daughter, Ayesha Gaddafi, "Zenga Zenga" blared in the background.
The original video has more than 4 million views on YouTube. The edited version without the girl has over 1 million hits.

</doc>
<doc id="31041992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31041992" title="Defensive Sector of the Rhône">
Defensive Sector of the Rhône

The Defensive Sector of the Rhône ("Secteur Défensif du Rhône") was the French military organization that in 1940 controlled the section of the French border with Switzerland and Italy in the area of Geneva. The area was not regarded as a likely point of invasion, owing to the neutrality of Switzerland and the extremely difficult terrain along the Italian portion of the border. It was therefore lightly fortified. Its chief fortified position was the 19th-century Fort l'Écluse, manned by a small force, which held its strategic position against a "Panzerkorps" for a week in June 1940.
Concept and organization.
The SD Rhône was largely ignored until 1939, when a belated program was initiated to deal with a potential invasion through Swiss territory. The French were aware that the Swiss were fortifying their National Redoubt in the high Alps that would bar most invasion routes, but the French command thought it prudent to undertake their own measures. An initial 1937 plan envisioned three areas of effort, building Maginot-style "ouvrages" at strategic locations:
Four "ouvrages" were to be situated to the south of the lake, three armed with 75mm guns in casemates and one with a 75mm gun turret:
A final location in the upper Arve valley, armed with 75mm guns in casemates:
Since funding was more urgently needed on fronts that were obviously exposed, these proposals bore no fruit. A 1938 revision scaled the proposal back, replacing "ouvrage" Crêt Mourex with a fortified position at the bottom of the Col de la Faucille, along with five blockhouses at Crêt Mourex, Riamont, Le Pailly, Petit-Montrond and Montets, and a demountable turret at Arbère. The positions in Haute-Savoie were replaced by a fortification at the Saint-Gingolph frontier with four demountable turrets, as well as a center of resistance with six blockhouses at Les Dranses covering the Les Epinches - Pont de la Douceur, Morzine - Les Cluses, and Martigney-Chamonix axes, each with two blockhouses. In the final event, even this program was considered unaffordable and unjustified, and was scaled back yet further.
Command.
The Rhône sector was under the overall command of the Army of the Alps, headquartered at Valence, under the command of General René Olry. The SF Rhône was commanded by General Michal. The command post moved several times. It was first at Annecy in the Hôtel Beau-Rivage, then the Hôtel Jeanne-d'Arc from 2 September 1939. The command post moved to Sevrier, in the Hôtel de la Payde on 20 June 1940, then to Marthod on 24 June, then back to Sevrier the next day. The field army unit assigned the sector was the First North African Infantry Division. From October 1939, some units were replaced by the 64th Infantry Division, then in turn by the 66th Infantry Division. The SD Rhône was disestablished on 15 July 1940, after the French surrender.
Description.
The sector was manned by the 230th "Demi-brigade Alpin de Forteresse" under the command of Colonel Lanoyerie. Prior to mobilization in 1939, no active units were stationed in the sector. The sector includes, in order from north to south, the following sub-sectors and fortifications:
Sub-sector of Faucille - Fort-l'Écluse.
At a narrow point in the Rhône valley, the sector consists only of the Fort l'Écluse, built in two stages in the first half of the nineteenth century. The fort was modernized with the Casemate du Tunnel, which guarded a road tunnel passing near the fort. The casemate was armed with two anti-tank gun, never installed, and automatic rifles. The upper portion of the fort mounted four 90mm guns.
Sub-sector of Chablais.
The Chablais sub-sector covered the territory around Lac Léman with a series of blockhouses defending strategic routes. The sub-sector was further subdivided.
Sub-sector of the Arve.
The Arve sub-sector faced Italy with one blockhouse at Magland, two at Saint-Roch, and an "abri" at Vallorcine.
Battle of France.
No action was taken by Italian forces directly against the SD Rhône during the Italian invasion of France in June 1940. However, German forces advanced along the Rhône valley from the north. In early June the 230th DBAF (a "demi-brigade" of fivebattalions) was placed to block the German advance along a front between Frangy and Annecy. The German force was no less than Panzergruppe von Kleist, composed of the 3rd and 4th Panzer Divisions and the 13th Motorized Infantry Division. The Fort l'Écluse blocked the German advance toward Albertville, manned by a company of the 179th Alpine Fortress Battalion along with personnel from several miscellaneous units of artillery and regional reserve forces. Contact was made between French and German forces at l'Écluse on 22 June. The French held off the Germans, destroying the railway viaduct in front of the fort on 24 June. The Germans did not press further action, with the armistice taking place on the 25th.
Since no orders had been given to the fort's garrison following the armistice, they remained in place, barring passage.The standoff continued until 30 June, when General Charles Huntziger, in charge of post-surrender French forces, ordered the unit to permit passage to the Germans, and to surrender.
Units.
The 230th DBAF was made up of five battalions, the 179th and the 189th "batallions alpins de forteresse" and the 199th BCHM, as well as the attached II/440th Pioneer battalion and the II/281st infantry battalion. Apart from the unit taken prisoner at the Fort l'Écluse, the remainder of the 230th moved to the Rumilly area to regroup after the armistice. They ended up at Annecy on 17 July, and the regiment was dissolved on 31 July 1940. Active personnel were assigned to the Vichy French "bataillon de chasseurs de la Haute-Savoie".
Present status.
The Fort l'Écluse was purchased by a syndicate of nineteen communities of the "Pays de Gex" and is operated as a museum. It has been open to the public since 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="31042008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042008" title="University of Redwood">
University of Redwood

University of Redwood is a fictitious college claiming to be located in Oregon in the United States. It can be confused with Reed College in Portland, Oregon, or the College of the Redwoods in Eureka, California.
The Redwood website copies the Reed website, except it substitutes the institution's name. However, on at least the About page, the copiers failed and at one point left the Reed name intact. The street address and phone numbers for Reed's Cooley Art Gallery remain intact on the Redwood site. At one point, the entire faculty directory of Reed was listed on the Redwood site. While Reed was founded by Simeon and Amanda Reed, Redwood was founded by Simeon and Amanda Redwood.
As first reported by "Inside Higher Ed", at least one man living in China created the Redwood site in June 2010. Reed first discovered the Redwood site in October 2010 and sent letters to Redwood's internet service provider under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act demanding that the copyrighted materials be taken down. The site was removed within a few days. However, the site was restored in November when its owners claimed that the infringing materials were removed. Reed officials rediscovered the site in January 2011; as of February 2011 they once again were able to have the site taken down. According to Martin Ringle, chief technology officer of Reed, the site could be used to collect admission application fees fraudulently from Asian students. Upon receiving an application, "a shrewd scammer could wait several weeks, then issue a rejection letter, and the student would never know" that Redwood did not exist. Ringle claimed he found Redwood mentioned on Asian higher-education blogs.
The Redwood website lists a mailing address in Torrance, California, that belongs to a mail-forwarding company. That company forwards the mail to China. It also lists a fax number with a 650 area code, which is assigned to the Bay Area south of San Francisco, California.

</doc>
<doc id="31042031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042031" title="X Factor (Kazakh TV series)">
X Factor (Kazakh TV series)

X Factor is a television music talent show in Kazakhstan contested by aspiring pop singers drawn from public auditions. It is the Kazakh version of the international "The X Factor" series and is broadcast on the Perviy Kanal Evraziya channel in Kazakhstan.
Judges' categories and their finalists.
In each season, each judge is allocated a category to mentor and chooses three acts to progress to the live shows. This table shows, for each season, which category each judge was allocated and which acts he or she put through to the live shows.
Key:
Series 1 (2011).
The first series was aired from January to May 2011 with Nagima Eskalieva, Sultana Karazhigitova and Alexander Shevchenko as judges. On 22 May, Daria Gabdull (Дәрия Ғабдұлл), labeled by the judges as the "Kazakh Beyoncé, won the show ahead of the trio Spasibo. Gabdulla won a two-years-contract with Sony Music.
Series 2 (2012).
The second series was aired from January to May 2012 with Nagima Eskalieva, Sultana Karazhigitova/Ismail Igilmanov and Alexander Shevchenko as judges. On 5 May, Andrei Tikhonov (Андрей Тихонов) won the show ahead of the quartet Mezzo. Andrey won a two-years-contract with Sony Music.
Series 3 (2013).
The third series was aired from January to May 2013 with Nagima Eskalieva, Erlan Kokeev and Alexander Shevchenko as judges. On 4 May, Evgenia Barysheva (Евгения Барышева) won the show ahead of the Arman Kamerdinov (Арман Камердинов).
Series 4 (2013).
The fourth series was aired from 14 September to 7 December 2013 with Nagima Eskalieva, Dilnaz Akhmadieva and Alexander Shevchenko as judges. On 7 December, Kairat Kapanov (Кайрат Капанов) won the show ahead of the Alexandra Samarina (Александра Самарина)
Series 5 (2014).
The fifth series will be aired from September to December 2014 with Nagima Eskalieva, Dilnaz Akhmadieva and Alexander Shevchenko as judges.

</doc>
<doc id="31042046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042046" title="WHPO">
WHPO

WHPO (100.9 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Country music format. Licensed to Hoopeston, Illinois, USA, the station serves Iroquois County, Vermillion County, and Ford County, Illinois as well as Benton County, and Warren County, Indiana. WHPO is currently owned by Hoopeston Radio Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="31042089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042089" title="Papyrus Fouad 266">
Papyrus Fouad 266

Papyrus Fouad 266 is a copy of the Pentateuch in the Greek version of the Hebrew Bible known as the Septuagint. It is a papyrus manuscript in scroll form. The manuscript has been assigned palaeographically to the 1st century BC. The manuscript has survived in a fragmentary condition. Discussion about this manuscript questions whether it is or is not a later recension of the standard Septuagint text.
Description.
The Greek text was written on papyrus in uncial letters. The text is written in 33 lines per column. The uncial letters are upright and rounded. Iota adscript occurs. It is designated by number 847, 848, and 942, on the list of Septuagint manuscripts according to the modern numbering of Alfred Rahlfs. The surviving texts are fragments from Book of Deuteronomy, 31:28-32:6. It contains section divisions with numbered paragraphs (5, 26, 27). 117 papyrus fragments of the codex have survived. 
The prefix "Fouad" commemorates Fouad I of Egypt.
It is the second oldest known manuscript of the Septuagint (Greek version of the Hebrew Bible), and the oldest which used the Hebrew Tetragrammaton in Aramaic "square" or Ashuri script. This is an important piece of evidence for the Loss of the Tetragrammaton in the Septuagint debate.
The text of the manuscript runs close to the Old Greek text but it was characterized through correctors towards the Masoretic Text. In Deuteronomy 22:9 it agrees with the Masoretic Text. It is a witness of an early recension of the Old Greek text of Septuagint towards the Masoretic Text. Albert Pietersma was the first to claim that Fouad contains some pre-hexaplaric corrections towards a Hebrew text (which would have had the Tetragrammaton). Pietersma also states that there is room for the reading ("The Lord"), but the second scribe inserted the Tetragrammaton instead.
History of the Roll.
Palaeographically the manuscript has been assigned to the 1st or even 2nd century BC. It is the second oldest manuscript of the Septuagint. It was discovered in 1939 in Fayyum, where there were two Jewish synagogues. The first published text from the manuscript was edited by William Gillan Waddell in 1944. In 1948 18 further fragments of the manuscript were published in 1950 in "New World Translation of the Christian Greek Scriptures"". "It was examined by Françoise Dunand and P. E. Kahle. In 1971 were published all 117 fragments of the manuscript. The manuscript currently is housed at the Societé Royale de Papyrologie (Gr. P. 458), Cairo.

</doc>
<doc id="31042094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042094" title="We Dare">
We Dare

We Dare is an adult-oriented party video game developed by Ubisoft, for the Wii and PlayStation 3 (PS3) gaming systems. It is marketed as a "sexy, quirky, party game" and involves kissing, striptease and spanking. However reviewers in countries where the game is available have noted that the game is in fact a relatively tame party game compilation with only very mild sexual connotations. 
Controversy.
The Pan European Game Information (PEGI) and Australian Classification Board (ACB) have drawn criticism by implying that the game is suitable for children (despite being marketed to adults): As the boards can only classify the game content, not what the players may be doing, PEGI rated the game a 12, while the ACB gave it an even more lenient PG rating. Months later, the PG rating given in Australia was reviewed but retained.
The game's YouTube trailer has since been blocked from viewing by Ubisoft, and US release plans were shelved. This was followed by a cancellation of the UK release, citing " public reaction".
The game was released in Europe on March 14, 2011, and in Australia on April 14, 2011.
Music.
This game includes some dancing mini-games with several songs to choose from. All the songs are cover versions. The cover versions were created by "Creative Sphere". The tracklist includes:

</doc>
<doc id="31042105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042105" title="Spey River (Southland)">
Spey River (Southland)

The Spey River is a river in the Southland Region of New Zealand. Its entire length lies within the Fiordland National Park. The Spey rises at the Mckenzie Pass and Murrell's Pass either side of Mt Horatio (, and the river flows in a northeasterly direction, emptying into the West Arm of Lake Manapouri adjacent to the intake of the Manapouri Power Station.
The Dusky Track follows the Spey valley for much of the river's length.

</doc>
<doc id="31042128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31042128" title="William C. Anderson (United States Air Force)">
William C. Anderson (United States Air Force)

William Carl "Bill" Anderson (born July 9, 1958) was United States Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Installations, Environment & Logistics) from 2005 to 2008.
Biography.
Bill Anderson was born in 1958 in Syracuse, New York He then attended the Syracuse University College of Law, receiving a J.D. in 1983.
Anderson then spent several years working in a variety of financial and tax consulting positions at Merrill Lynch, Arthur Andersen, and Ryder. He spent 1989-90 studying in the master's program in international business at the University of Miami School of Business Administration, but did not complete the degree. In September 1990, he joined General Electric as Senior Counsel - Environmental, Health and Safety, a position he held until November 2005.
In 2005, President of the United States George W. Bush nominated Anderson to be Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Installations, Environment & Logistics), and, after Senate confirmation, Anderson held this office from November 2005 until August 2008.
Upon leaving government service in 2008, Anderson founded his own consulting firm, Anderson Global Innovation Group, Inc. He was appointed to the Advisory Board of Hyperion Power Generation in August 2009.

</doc>
