<doc id="31160773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31160773" title="IDate a Bad Boy">
IDate a Bad Boy

"iDate a Bad Boy" is a 2009 two-part episode of "iCarly". It aired on 9 May 2009. It is the second iCarly special after iGo to Japan. This episode features two parodies: The Sham-Pow is a parody of the ShamWow and Pee-Wee Babies are a parody of Beanie Babies.
Plot.
Carly and Spencer become upset when their new neighbor, Griffin, steals the motorcycle that Carly bought for Spencer in iPromote Techfoots. Spencer lets Griffin off the hook, but then Carly becomes upset. She later finds him attractive. Spencer goes out to buy smoothies only be pressurized by T-Bo to buying bagels. He then returns to see Carly and Griffin kissing and making out with each other because Carly now loves him. Spencer becomes furious and paranoid, and orders Griffin to leave and does not allow him or Carly to have any contact with each other. He also grounds Carly until college, although, after a fake argument with Carly and Griffin, he realizes that they are meant to be together and approves their relationship, as long as they don't kiss. They do anyway. Meanwhile, Sam pays Freddie $50 to make a website, and has a lawyer (who Sam's mom was dating) write them a contract. Freddie cannot keep up with her demands and tears up the contract, canceling the deal. Sam later makes $1,000 for selling the website to a guy named Sam Puckett, but Freddie demands that he has to be given 50% of the money she earned. Sam then tells him that he doesn't get any of the profits because he ripped up the contract. Carly acts like she didn't kiss Griffin and when Spencer leaves she and Griffin begin making out.
Spencer then becomes less concerned with Carly and Griffin being a couple, but he continues to be a little worried. He later orders a "Sham-Pow". (A parody of the ShamWow) When Carly goes to Griffins for dinner and to his bedroom where they have more kissing Carly finds out that Griffin collects "Pee Wee Babies" (parody of Beanie Babies). She holds a penguin pee wee baby and becomes creeped out about it while she and Griffin share another kiss. She consults Sam and asks her what to do. Sam then jokingly suggests that they go on a double date with two of the Pee Wee Babies. Griffin then dumps Carly after hearing her and Sam making fun of his hobby. Meanwhile, Sam has a recurring nightmare about a monster eating her soup, and comes to Spencer for advice and Spencer leaves some soup on the table and she starts to eat it and Spencer jumps out unexpectedly dressed as a monster. Sam then beats up Spencer and she overcame her nightmare but unfortunately Spencer starts having the same dream. Carly and Griffin have one last kiss.
Reception.
The episode received a Nielsen rating of 6.5 million viewers during its airing on Nickelodeon and was the number 1 rated live-action special for the week with kids 6-11 and 9-14 demographics.

</doc>
<doc id="31160783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31160783" title="Roopa Farooki">
Roopa Farooki

Roopa Farooki is a British novelist. Born in Lahore, Pakistan, to a Pakistani father and Bangladeshi mother in 1974, they moved to London at the age of seven months. Roopa studied PPE (Philosophy, Politics and Economics) at New College, Oxford University, worked in Corporate Finance (at Arthur Andersen) and then as an Advertising Account Director (at Saatchi & Saatchi and JWT), before she turned to writing fiction full-time.
Novels.
She wrote her first novel, "Bitter Sweets", while pregnant with her first child, and renovating a house in SW France. "Bitter Sweets" was first published in the UK in 2007, and shortlisted for the Orange Award for New Writers that year. She published her second novel, "Corner Shop", in 2008. Her third novel, "The Way Things Look To Me", was published in 2009, and was voted one of The Times Top 50 Paperbacks of 2009, long-listed for the Orange Prize 2010, and has been long-listed for the Impac Dublin Literary Award 2011. Her fourth novel, "Half Life", was published in 2010, and was selected by Entertainment Weekly (US) as No. 2 on their list of "Eighteen Books We Can't Wait to Read This Summer"; it was also nominated for the International Muslim Writers Awards 2011. Her fifth novel, "The Flying Man" was published in January 2012 in the UK, and has been longlisted for the Orange Prize 2012.
Farooki's novels have been published in English internationally (in the US and Canada, UK, Australia, India, Singapore) and in translation in a dozen languages across Europe.
Personal life.
Roopa Farooki is the daughter of the late Nasir Ahmad Farooki, a Pakistani novelist and a prominent figure in Pakistani literary circles in the 1960s. Roopa's father abandoned her when she was 13, later marrying a Chinese American. Her mother, Nilofar, later had a long term relationship with an English-Iraqi of Jewish descent. Despite being of both Pakistani and Bangladeshi descent, she speaks only English because her parents were keen on assimilating into London and spoke to her in only English.
Farooki cites her father as an inspiration, and has written frankly about her relationship with her father and his influence on her work in the UK national press. She has also written about her experiences of eczema, relationship counselling, and fertility treatment. Her recent novels have featured characters with Asperger's Syndrome, and Bipolar Disorder.
She currently lives in southwest France and southeast England with her Anglo-Irish husband, two young sons, and twin baby girls, and teaches creative writing. She has been a lecturer on the Masters programme in Prose Fiction at Canterbury Christchurch University in England. She is also the Ambassador for the UK relationship counselling charity, Relate.
Acceptance.
Farooki's novels have been critically well received, and she has been compared to other British female novelists, Andrea Levy, Zadie Smith and Monica Ali. In an interview with the Metro in 2010, headlined, "Nationality is Not The Issue", she said she was flattered by the comparisons, but said that a key difference was that she had made a deliberate decision not to focus on cultural clash in her novels, and to write universal stories.

</doc>
<doc id="31160784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31160784" title="John Harvey (astrologer)">
John Harvey (astrologer)

John Harvey (1564–1592) was an English astrologer and physician.
Life.
He was baptised at Saffron Walden, Essex, 13 February 1564, the son of John Harvey, master ropemaker, and younger brother of Gabriel Harvey and of Richard Harvey. He matriculated as a pensioner of Queens' College, Cambridge, in June 1578 (B.A. 1580 and M.A. 1584).
In 1587, the university granted him a license to practise physic, and he became a practitioner at King's Lynn in Norfolk. Robert Greene's contemptuous reference to Harvey and Harvey's father and two brothers in his ‘Quippe for an Upstart Courtier’ (1592) led to Gabriel Harvey's defence of his family in his ‘Foure Letters’ (1592). Gabriel describes John as ‘a proper toward man,’ ‘a skilful physician,’ and a M.D. of Cambridge, and mentions that he died, aged 29, shortly after returning to Lynn from Norwich in July 1592. He supplies a Latin epitaph. ‘John Harvey's Welcome to Robert Greene’ is the title of a sonnet included in Gabriel Harvey's ‘Foure Letters.’
Works.
Harvey published: 

</doc>
<doc id="31160800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31160800" title="Carré ViiiP 2011 (France)">
Carré ViiiP 2011 (France)

Carré ViiiP 2011 was a rip-off of the French version of the reality show Big Brother carrying on from a previous similar show, Loft Story. It aired on TF1 and was presented by Elsa Fayer, also the presenter of "Qui veut épouser mon fils?". The series began filming on March 18, 2011, when 16 people entered a purpose-built house on the outskirts of Paris. The show was originally set to run until May 27, 2011. However, following bad ratings TF1 decided to end the show on March 31, 2011, only 13 days after it had begun.
The show resembles the NRJ12 program "Les Anges de la télé-réalité" because a review of former reality TV candidates.
Scenario.
The scenario of "Carré ViiiP" resembles that of other reality TV programs of confinement: sixteen candidates (eight of whom were stars of earlier French reality TV and eight unknowns) are locked in the largest space ever built for a reality TV show (700m², excluding the external area), appointed in comfort and luxury worthy of the grandest palace (spa, jacuzzi, sauna, massage room). A large pool is at the center of the room to allow candidates to swim. Outside, there is a large terrace for sunny days. This space is built in La Plaine Saint-Denis, as is the case with many TVs reality show. At the end of the adventure, one of sixteen participants will walk away with the jackpot of €150,000. Due to the show's premature cancelation, the prize money was not given, as there was no winner. According to "Le Parisien", all sixteen candidates were instead paid an undisclosed signed term fee, as if they had spent ten weeks in the house.
Housemates.
They are ViiiP:
They are Wanna ViiiP:
Tops & Flops.
Every Mondays, the ViiiP'o'Meter says, who is the most popular and who is not the most. At the Viiip and at the Wanna Viiip!
Nominations Table.
Housemates are split into two teams.
<br>ViiiP: Benoît, Thomas, Afida, Giuseppe, Cindy, FX, Marjolaine and Alexandra.
<br>Wanna ViiiP: Candice, Noam, Kévin, Aurélie, Beverly, JP, Alexandre and Xénia. 
Each week, in turn, the Viiip or wanna viiip go to the "Confessional" to nominate two people of the opposite clan that they want to face the public vote. Every week, the most popular housemate will be exempt (yellow). The following is a table of their nominations:

</doc>
<doc id="31160821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31160821" title="Birdy (musician)">
Birdy (musician)

Jasmine van den Bogaerde (born 15 May 1996), better known by her stage name Birdy, is an English singer-songwriter. She won the music competition Open Mic UK in 2008, at the age of 12. Her début single, a version of Bon Iver's "Skinny Love", was her breakthrough, charting all across Europe and earning platinum certification six times in Australia. Her self-titled début album, "Birdy", was released on 7 November 2011 to similar success, peaking at number 1 in Australia, Belgium and the Netherlands. Her second studio album, "Fire Within", was released 23 September 2013 in the UK and other surrounding countries.
Biography.
Early life and career.
Birdy was born on 15 May 1996, in Lymington, Hampshire. Her mother is a concert pianist, and Birdy learned to play the piano at the age of seven, and began writing her own music at the age of eight. Birdy studied at Brockenhurst College in Brockenhurst, a sixth form college in the New Forest, as of 2013. She sings and plays the piano. Her great uncle was the actor Sir Dirk Bogarde. Her great-great-great grandfather was Belgian, the rest of her ancestors were English and Scottish.
Her stage name comes from the nickname her parents gave her as a baby, because she opened her mouth like a little bird when fed. Her family and friends call her Birdy, while only teachers called her Jasmine, her given name.
Open Mic UK.
In 2008, as a 12-year-old, Birdy won the UK talent contest Open Mic UK, a spinoff of the Live and Unsigned competition. She won both the under-18s category and the Grand Prize, against 10,000 other competitors. She performed her own song at the competition called "So Be Free" in front of 2,000 people.
First singles.
In 2009, Birdy performed live on piano for BBC Radio 3's "Pianothon" in London.
In January 2011, at the age of 14, Birdy released a cover version of Bon Iver's song "Skinny Love." The song became her first hit on the UK Singles Chart, peaking at 17. The single was chosen as "Record of The Week" by UK radio DJ Fearne Cotton, resulting in it being added to BBC Radio 1's B‑list playlist as soon as it was released in March 2011. The official music video for the song was directed by Sophie Muller. The song was also featured on "The Vampire Diaries" episode "The Sun Also Rises", which aired on 5 May 2011. "Skinny Love" peaked at number 1 in the Netherlands. It also featured in an episode of Being Human. This song was sung by Birdy at the Ellen DeGeneres Show that was aired on 20 March 2012.
Since then, Birdy has covered a number of songs, including "The A Team" by Ed Sheeran and The xx's "Shelter". On 19 July 2011, Birdy performed in BBC Radio 1's Live Lounge. In the session, she performed both "Shelter" and "The A Team". Her cover of "Shelter" was also featured on "The Vampire Diaries" episode "The End of the Affair", which aired on 29 September 2011.
Début album.
Her eponymous début album of cover versions (plus one original track) was released on 7 November 2011; the album peaked at No. 13 in the UK, No. 40 in Ireland and number 1 in Belgium, the Netherlands, and Australia. On 21 December 2011, Birdy received a Golden Single from 3FM during Serious Request in the Netherlands for selling more than 25,000 copies from her début album. She promptly donated it to be auctioned online. A day later, Birdy received a Golden Single from Studio Brussel during Music for Life in Belgium for selling more than 15,000 copies from her début album. She also donated it to be auctioned online, it was sold for €1,980. In August 2012 her début album peaked at number one in Australia, while the singles "Skinny Love" and "People Help the People" peaked at numbers 2 and 10 respectively.
7 August 2012, Birdy released her "Live in London" EP, which contains 8 songs. This includes her cover of Ed Sheeran's "The A Team" and her song from "The Hunger Games" soundtrack, "Just a Game".
On 29 August 2012 Birdy performed Antony Hegarty's song "Bird Gerhl" (from Antony and the Johnsons' "I Am a Bird Now" album), in the opening ceremony of the London Paralympic Games.
On 16 February 2013 Birdy sang at Sanremo Music Festival 2013, the most popular Italian music festival broadcast by RAI.
"Fire Within".
Birdy announced the release of her second studio album, entitled "Fire Within", via a YouTube video on 10 July 2013. The video included footage of Birdy in the studio along with a preview of two songs, "Wings" and "No Angel", which are both featured on the album. The first official single, "Wings", was released on 22 July 2013 and a second song, "All You Never Say", was sent to subscribers of Birdy's mailing list and posted on YouTube on 15 August 2013. The song Wings was also featured on The Vampire Diaries episode "Home", which aired on May 15, 2014.
The album was released in the UK and other surrounding countries on 23 September 2013 and has so far achieved mostly positive reviews. In North America, the album was released on June 3, 2014. A subsequent EP titled "Breathe" was released on 16 October in its place.
"The Fault in our Stars, Hunger Games, Brave, and other films".
Birdy contributed two songs to the soundtrack for the movie "The Fault in Our Stars": "Tee Shirt" and "Not About Angels". Videos for both have been officially released.
In March 2012, Birdy was one of the artists who contributed to "The Hunger Games" with her single "Just a Game".
In June 2012, Birdy contributed the song "Learn Me Right" with Mumford & Sons to the Pixar film "Brave" for which she received her first Grammy Award nomination.

</doc>
<doc id="31160826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31160826" title="Qerino da Silva Wagner">
Qerino da Silva Wagner

Qerino da Silva Wagner or simply Wagner (born 31 January 1987) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for South Korean side FC Anyang as forward.
Wagner joined South Korean club Daejeon Citizen on 20 January 2011 and registered for the league under Korean name "Park Eun-ho" which it is pronounced similar to his real name.

</doc>
<doc id="31160838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31160838" title="Diego Della Valle">
Diego Della Valle

Diego Della Valle (born 30 December 1953 on Sant'Elpidio a Mare, Fermo) is the President and CEO of the Italian leather goods company, Tod's. 
Biography.
Diego Della Valle is the older son of Dorino Della Valle and grandson of Filippo Della Valle. Filippo started his shoemaking business in the 1920s, which Diego expanded into the now famous Tod's brand.
In his younger days, Diego studied Law in the University of Bologna, but abandoned the career and launched himself into the marketing of the family's shoemaking business. Even during his younger days, he was business savvy. He used the power of celebrity to popularise his product, such an example was when he persuaded his friend Luca di Montezemolo, who was a protégé of Gianni Agnelli, to present Agnelli with a pair of Tod's driving moccasins. He got Agnelli, the then FIAT boss, to wear Tod's shoes when attending Juventus football matches, which were widely televised. This product placement prompted a spike in sales.
Della Valle now manages Tod's with his brother Andrea. Diego's son, Emanuele, is also involved with the family business as the creative director. The factory in Casette d'Ete was designed by his wife, Barbara.
Diego Della Valle vs. Silvio Berlusconi.
Della Valle has publicly attacked Berlusconi for the over-taxing of big business and his failure to support smaller Italian business. In return Berlusconi has talked of suing Della Valle for defamation.
Other interests.
Della Valle sits on the board of a number of companies, such as Ferrari, Maserati, Banca Nazionale del Lavoro and LVMH. He bought the Tuscan football club, ACF Fiorentina, in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="31160847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31160847" title="Gangarampur (community development block)">
Gangarampur (community development block)

Gangarampur (community development block) is an administrative division in Gangarampur subdivision of Dakshin Dinajpur district in the Indian state of West Bengal. Gangarampur police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is at Gangarampur.
Geography.
Gangarampur is located at .
Gangarampur community development block has an area of 315.60  km2.
The Punarbhaba River flows through the Gangarampur block.
Gram panchayats.
Gram panchayats of Gangrampur block/ panchayat samiti are: Asokgram, Basuria, Belbari I, Belbari II, Chaloon, Damdama, Gangarampur, Jahangirpur, Nandanpur, Sukdevpur and Uday.
Demographics.
As per 2001 census, Gangarampur block had a total population of 206,621, out of which 106,487 were males and 100,134 were females. Gangarampur block registered a population growth of 1.03 per cent during the 1991-2001 decade. Decadal growth for the district was 22.11 per cent. Decadal growth in West Bengal was 17.84 per cent.

</doc>
<doc id="31160880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31160880" title="Timmermans">
Timmermans

Timmermans is a surname originating in The Netherlands and Belgium, with the meaning of "carpenter".

</doc>
<doc id="31160936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31160936" title="IPDC-UNESCO Prize for Rural Communication">
IPDC-UNESCO Prize for Rural Communication

The International Programme for the Development of Communication (IPDC) is the only multilateral forum in the UN system designed to mobilize the international community to discuss and promote media development in developing countries.

</doc>
<doc id="31160949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31160949" title="Global Disaster Alert and Coordination System">
Global Disaster Alert and Coordination System

The Global Disaster Alert and Coordination System (GDACS) is a joint initiative of the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA) and the European Commission that serves to consolidate and improve the dissemination of disaster-related information, in order to improve the coordination of international relief efforts. It was established in 2004 and is a multi-hazard disaster monitor and alert system for earthquakes, tsunamis, floods, volcanoes, and tropical cyclones. It was created to reduce the various monitor websites for the different disaster types. It started as GDAS, but was later coupled with the coordination information system of OCHA (the OCHA Virtual OSOCC). GDACS collects near real-time hazard information and combines this with demographic and socio-economic data to perform a mathematical analysis of the expected impact. This is based on the magnitude of the event and possible risk for the population. The result of this risk analysis is distributed by the GDACS website and alerts are sent via email, fax, and SMS to subscribers in the disaster relief community, and all other persons that are interested in this information.

</doc>
<doc id="31160956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31160956" title="Hydroxylated lecithin">
Hydroxylated lecithin

Hydroxylated lecithin is chemically modified lecithin. It is made by treating lecithin with hydrogen peroxide and an organic acid such as acetic or lactic acid. In the process, some of the organic acid becomes peroxy acid. The peroxy acid reacts with olefins in the fatty acid side chains creating intermediate epoxides. The epoxides react further with water, organic acid, or peroxy acid, to ultimately form vicinal diols. Because the natural fatty acid olefins have ("Z")-configurations, the resulting vicinal diols have anti stereochemical configurations.
Fatty acids with hydroxyl groups on their hydrophobic tails are rare in nature. Compare hydroxylated lecithin to castor oil, which has 3 hydroxylated fatty acid chains in it. Hydroxyl groups give these oils unique polar properties that make them useful in a variety of applications, including cosmetics, pharmaceuticals, and foods. 

</doc>
<doc id="31160965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31160965" title="Jan Swart van Groningen">
Jan Swart van Groningen

Jan Swart van Groningen (ca. 1495 in Groningen – ca. 1563 in Antwerp), was a Dutch Renaissance painter.
Biography.
According to Karel van Mander he was in Gouda in 1522-1523, at the same time that Jan van Scorel was there, who had just returned from Italy. He could paint landscape and flesh tones in the manner of Scorel, and travelled to Italy himself, spending time in Venice. Van Mander goes on to mention his woodcuts of Turks on horses armed with bow and arrow, as well as a woodcut of Christ preaching a sermon with a crowd of listeners on board a ship. Adriaen Pietersz. Crabeth was his disciple who later surpassed him quite quickly in his art. This young Crabeth was the son of "Cripple Pieter" (Krepel Pieter).
According to the RKD he was the teacher of Adriaen Pietersz Crabeth in Gouda circa 1535, after which period he moved to Antwerp.

</doc>
<doc id="31160968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31160968" title="Cheb Tarik">
Cheb Tarik

Cheb Tarik (real name Tarik Belgot) is an Algerian musician, now based in Paris, France, and signed to Universal Music Group. His first hit, 'Reggae Raï' was a cover, and a tribute to the song 'Reggae Night' by Cheb Hasni, a musician assassinated in Oran, Algeria by Islamic fundamentalists.
Reggae Raï held a place in the charts for several weeks, exceeded 171,000 in sales and went on to appear in several compilations. 
In 2001, Tarik contributed to the compilation Big Men, a blend of Raï and Reggae. Known for featuring a diversity of musical genres, the album became a hit thanks to the single, "J'ai pas besoin."
Tarik's name was thrown into the limelight, with sales exceeding six million. 
He has participated in the song "J'ai vu trop de frères partir" on Album "Du mal a s'confier" by Scred Connexion.
To date, Cheb Tarik has published three albums, and six singles. The albums include:

</doc>
<doc id="31160983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31160983" title="Richard Cox (actor)">
Richard Cox (actor)

Richard Cox is an American actor. He is best known for his roles as Stuart Richards in the film "Cruising" and Max Frazier on "Ghostwriter". Was nominated for Broadway's 1979 Tony Award as Best Actor (Featured Role - Musical) for "Platinum".
Career.
Cox performed on Broadway with Ingrid Bergman in "Captain Brassbound's Conversion" before going to Hollywood in 1975 with the national company of "Grease".
He appeared with Al Pacino in "Cruising" and "Looking for Richard".

</doc>
<doc id="31160993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31160993" title="Black Spark">
Black Spark

Black Spark is an anonymous American film director and photographer who is most noted for his hyper sexualized music videos and unique surreal style.
Identity.
Much speculation about his identity has been made. Some sources have claimed to have identified him as an adult film model who did scenes for a web company, CollegeDudes.
Interviews with "Black Spark".
Although anonymous, the artist has done a number of interviews which have been arranged through his management.

</doc>
<doc id="31161036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161036" title="Saik">
Saik

Saik or Sa-ik may be:
SAIK may be:

</doc>
<doc id="31161038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161038" title="Future Technology">
Future Technology

Future technology is beyond the reality of science and technology. Future technology is completely and essentially different with high-tech, the latest technology and cutting-edge technology. The latter represents just an advanced human invention created and been able to master and use recently. Future technology emphasizes human expectations or unforeseen things, which have not yet been invented or used. Only in a certain period, human beings maybe master and use future technology. Where is the development of future technology? How will the future technology exist? We look at several aspects to think about the future development of technology. Of course, this is inseparable from our current life. Future technology largely focus on implementing real-time scenario. It shapes different fields like medical technology, business technology, educational technology and green technology with suitable applications.
Screen world.
The ubiquitous screen will profoundly change the people, culture and business. The impact of screen media and interactive window has not been released. We can imagine that the touch screen will play a much more important role in our life. The touch screen can bring us to have perfect communications with the real world. With the development of the science and technology, it will make a great convenience in our daily life. We can use a multi-functional screen device to deal with our daily schedule. It can tell us the weather and give us an advice about the dress when we get up a new day. We can use the device to control our washing machines, to prepare a healthy breakfast.
After breakfast, we sit in our cars and tell the vehicle systems our destination, the car will then take us there itself. During our work we will have a TV meeting with classmates in some other places. What surround us are many high-tech devices with a touch screen. It makes a great improve in our work efficiency. After the work, we can choose to play a virtual game. The touch screen will give us a real experience and we can control the game role with our whole body. As the touch screen can take a great communication with our idea, we will surround by many more screen. The huge influence will bring us a much more convenient life.
Further natural interaction.
Touch, voice are still the preliminary stage of human-computer interaction. There will be many surprising applications waiting for us, such as when you look at the screen, it in fact can see you, know your status, and constantly optimize learning, providing more in line with your service. Technology evolved as a living entity is in duty bound to weaken the ability of human rejection. We know the computer will be more and more intelligent, and the intelligence will be reflected in the human-computer interaction. Beyond our reality, future interaction will be much more actual and useful. The machine can give us 3-D virtual scene simulating the real surroundings, and then we can take what we need.For example, we will not need to spend much time in choosing the clothes. An interactive machine can give us a 3-D virtual scene, where we can choose various clothes. Future interaction will have much more intelligence.
Big data stream.
In the future, people will live in a communicative society. We can get what we want from the social net. We like to share with the whole world, and then endless data between people, things and things will "float" around us. Their integration and convergence will change our living conditions. The share tide and future interaction will bring us a large date to process. The information society will process more and more data, and we need efficient instruments to deal with the big data. What will the big data bring us? Big data represents our past. It records what we have experienced. If we deal with the big date effectively, we will solve many potential problems. Through integrating and analyzing the big date, we can make new value.
Access rather than ownership.
The concept of possession has changed. We will not need to buy any book, any music and any general device. Digitization prefers access right to the concept of ownership. In the future, the service will be concentrate. Many people will not have to possess almost everything. We use a portable device to get music, videos, books and many others from the Internet. As for the users, it cost much less money and take us little time to get what we want. So it is very convenient.
Value shift.
We will not get the harvest value by mass copy and selling copies. Value will not exist in copies themselves, but rather the satisfaction of customer value. Such as cellphones do not need money, but date flow gets money. The value is not to create value in kind, but rather to create a "communication" user value. We will not have to pay for the electric charge, net cost, and device outlay apart. We use everything, and we pay for the service once. We will not need so many facilitators, and the service become simple. The value exists in our satisfaction.

</doc>
<doc id="31161085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161085" title="Mining rock mass rating">
Mining rock mass rating

Laubscher developed the Mining Rock Mass Rating (MRMR) system by modifying the Rock Mass Rating (RMR) system of Bieniawski. In the MRMR system the stability and support are determined with the following equations:
The parameters to calculate the "RMR" value are similar to those used in the RMR system of Bieniawski. This may be confusing, as some of the parameters in the "MRMR" system are modified, such as the condition parameter that includes groundwater presence and pressure in the "MRMR" system whereas groundwater is a separate parameter in the RMR system of Bieniawski. The number of classes for the parameters and the detail of the description of the parameters are also more extensive than in the RMR system of Bieniawski.
The "adjustment factors" depend on future (susceptibility to) weathering, stress environment, orientation, 
The combination of values of "RMR" and "MRMR" determines the so-called reinforcement potential. A rock mass with a high "RMR" before the adjustment factors are applied has a high "reinforcement potential", and can be reinforced by, for example, rock bolts, whatever the "MRMR" value might be after excavation. Contrariwise, rock bolts are not a suitable reinforcement for a rock mass with a low "RMR" (i.e. has a low "reinforcement potential").
Laubscher uses a graph for the "spacing" parameter. The parameter is dependent on a maximum of three discontinuity sets that determine the size and the form of the rock blocks. The "condition" parameter is determined by the discontinuity set with the most adverse influence on the stability.
The concept of adjustment factors for the rock mass before and after excavation is very attractive. This allows for compensation of local variations, which may be present at the location of the rock mass observed, but might not be present at the location of the proposed excavation or vice versa. In addition, this allows for quantification of the influence of excavation and excavation induced stresses, excavation methods, and the influence of past and future weathering of the rock mass.

</doc>
<doc id="31161098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161098" title="James Hayllar">
James Hayllar

James Hayllar (1829–1920) was an English genre, portrait and landscape painter.
Life and work.
Hayllar was born in Chichester in Sussex (now West Sussex), and received his training in art at Cary's Art Academy in London; he painted Cary's portrait in 1851. He went on to study at the Royal Academy.
Hayllar travelled in Italy from 1851–53. He was a regular exhibitor at the Royal Academy from 1850–98, and also showed work at the British Institution and the Royal Society of British Artists (RBA) - of which he was a member. He first became known as a portrait painter but later turned his brush to genre art, often featuring pretty young girls (see illustration); his work became very popular. With George Dunlop Leslie (who also lived in Wallingford at the same time), he painted a large portrait of Queen Victoria to celebrate her Golden Jubilee in 1887 - the painting now hangs in Wallingford Town Hall.
He married Edith Phoebe Cavell (1827–1899), the aunt of Edith Cavell - the famous British nurse who was to be shot by the Germans for "treason" during World War I. They lived at a house called "Castle Priory" in Wallingford on the River Thames in Berkshire (now Oxfordshire) from 1875–99; scenes from village life in the area often featured in his work there. The couple went on to have 9 children, of whom four became recognised artists (see below). After the death of his wife in 1899, he moved to Bournemouth.
Family.
Hayllar had four sons and five daughters, four of whom, "Edith Hayllar" (1860–1948), "Jessica Hayllar" (1858–1940), "Mary Hayllar" (1863–c. 1950), and "Kate Hayllar" (fl. 1883–1900), became notable artists in their own right; all received their training from their father and exhibited at the Royal Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="31161100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161100" title="Sunu">
Sunu

Sunu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31161112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161112" title="Timmerman">
Timmerman

Timmerman derives from the German Zimmerman. The Timmerman(n) is seen in the Netherlands and Belgium, with the meaning of "carpenter".
People with surname Timmerman.
Timmerman may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31161138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161138" title="Bankhanda">
Bankhanda

Bankhanda, Babugarh, Uttar Pradesh is a village with over 500 years of history.
The nearest local railway halt is Kuchesar Road Chopla.

</doc>
<doc id="31161163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161163" title="Mamidicolla">
Mamidicolla

Mamidicolla is a village in Krishna district, Andhra Pradesh, India. The neareast towns are Gudlavalleru (3 km), Gudivada (15 km), Vijayawada (55 km), Machilipatnam (22 km).
Highly rich with farmers producing rice,black gram,other crops. Milk production is very high in this village. The population is around 1,000. There are three temples and two churches in the village.
Veerammatalli temple is most believable goddess from ancient times of the village.
The climate is typical tropical climate with hot summers and mild winters. The proximity to Bay of Bengal is the reason for the high humidity in the village.
New drinking water purifying system is established in the village by panchayat. Thota Mallikarjuna rao was elected as president for village panchayat and he brought village a fullflegded power supply, a tar road, dug and cleaned pond for good drinking water, arranged street lights. And done many good things to develop village in all aspects. A panchayat office was built and opened in the tenure of Thota Mallikarjuna rao as panchayat president.

</doc>
<doc id="31161164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161164" title="Squarehead">
Squarehead

Squarehead is a garage pop band based in Dublin, Ireland. It currently consists of lead singer / guitarist Roy Duffy, bassist Ian McFarlane and Ruan Van Vliet on drums. 
History.
Squarehead were formed in January 2010 when Roy Duffy began recording solo acoustic songs. Roy and Ian had previously been in a band (called Vimanas) with Lar Kaye of Adebisi Shank.
The band released their first single, Fake Blood, on 7" Vinyl through Any Other City Records, a label run by Villagers drummer, James Byrne. In a public vote on Nialler9 Music Blog, "Fake Blood" was voted Number One in "Irish Songs of 2010" 
The band's second single, "Midnight Enchilada" was released by the Richter Collective Label (Adebisi Shank, The Redneck Manifesto, ASIWYFA) on 21 March 2011. The single has received plays on Don Letts & Lauren Laverne show on 6Music, the Dermot O'Leary show on BBC Radio 2 and the X-Posure show on XFM 
On the 25th February 2011, Morrissey attended a Squarehead show at the Workmans Club, Dublin

</doc>
<doc id="31161184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161184" title="Pin-up (disambiguation)">
Pin-up (disambiguation)

A pin-up or pin-up girl is a model whose mass-produced pictures see wide appeal as popular culture.
Pin-Up or pinup(s) may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31161195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161195" title="Old Hemp">
Old Hemp

Old Hemp (September 1893 – May 1901) was a stud dog considered to be the progenitor to the Border Collie breed. He was owned by Adam Telfer, and was used as a working dog to herd sheep. His style was different from that commonly seen during his era, as he worked far more quietly than the other sheepdogs of the time. This style was adopted and used by other breeders and trainers and became the most common style among Border Collies within a few generations, with his descendants becoming successful international sheepdog champions.
Life and herding career.
In September 1893, Old Hemp was born to Adam Telfer's two dogs in Cambo, Northumberland. Hemp's mother, Meg, was a reticent and very strong-eyed black sheepdog; while Hemp's father, Roy, was a loose-eyed black, white, and tan sheepdog with a good natured temperament. Unlike many modern border collies, Hemp was a tri-colored dog with only a small amount of white fur on his trim.
First following sheep at the age of six weeks, Hemp grew to have a great ability to herd. He moved sheep quietly unlike the louder sheepdogs of the era and was far more mild-mannered, although sometimes worked so intensely that he physically trembled; within a few generations his style had been adopted by almost all Border Collies, and became known as the Border Collie style.
Hemp never ceased to impress his owner Adam Telfer. Telfer once said, while talking about Hemp, "he flashed like a meteor across the sheepdog horizon. There never was such an outstanding personality." With that, Telfer continued Hemp's legacy within his own breeding stock. Author and commentator Eric Halsall was also impressed by his skill. Halsall once said about Hemp, "none who saw him ever forgot him...Almost faultless in [his work...he was born with such knowledge of his craft that he never required training and went to his work naturally."
Legacy.
Hemp is considered the foundation sire or "father" of the Border Collie breed. The International Sheepdog society began its stud book in 1915, with Old Hemp being the ninth entry, out of around 300,000. Old Hemp's ability to herd sheep was what attracted many dog handlers. Estimates place his offspring at more than 200, due to his stud services being widely sought after. His medium sized stature and rough coat are commonly seen in the breed today as many of his offspring continued to keep many of his original traits.
While it is not known if Hemp participated in any sheepdog trials, a dog from Telfer's own breeding stock, Sweep (a grandson of Hemp), won the International Sheep Dog Society's championship twice. Adam Telfer later bred and owned another dog named Hemp, a descendant of Old Hemp. The younger Hemp won the 1924 International Farmers Championship for sheepdogs. This was not the only victory in that competition by Old Hemp's descendants. Each of the twenty nine collies that won the championship between 1906 and 1951 were descendants from Old Hemp.

</doc>
<doc id="31161203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161203" title="Bockfest">
Bockfest

Bockfest is an annual beer festival held in Over-the-Rhine, Cincinnati, Ohio on the first full weekend of March. It is the oldest bock beer festival in the United States. The next one is held March 7-9, 2014. Bockfest originated from the 1992 special release of a beer by Hudepohl Brewing Company. Hudepohl released a bock beer under the name of the Christian Moerlein Brewing Company, the largest pre-prohibition brewery in Cincinnati. Bockfest is a celebration of bock beer, Cincinnati's brewing heritage, the Over-the-Rhine neighborhood, and the coming of Spring.
Precipitation Retaliation.
During the 2008 Bockfest a huge snowstorm nearly rendered the festival closed. The parade was officially called off because of the snow emergency, but many groups decided to walk the empty, snow-covered streets anyway. With beer already purchased and arrangements made, Bockfest continued despite poor attendance. Each year since that year there has been an event called the "Precipitation Retaliation". Participants gather around and burn a snowman effigy at Milton's Prospect Hill Tavern. Organizers claim responsibility for good weather in each subsequent year. 
Bockfest Parade.
Bockfest officially begins each year with a parade starting at Arnold's Bar and Grill in Downtown Cincinnati. The parade moves north into Over-the-Rhine and finishes at Bockfest Hall, an event center owned by the Christian Moerlein Brewing Company. The parade is led by a goat pulling a miniature keg of the Christian Moerlein Emancipator Doppelbock which is then ceremoniously tapped once it arrives at Bockfest Hall. The parade is popular for its short length and unique floats.
Bockfest 5K.
Since 2013 there has been a race called the "Bockfest 5K" that runs through Over-the-Rhine and Downtown on the Saturday morning of Bockfest. It is a part of the Christian Moerlein Beer Series of races organized by the Flying Pig Marathon in conjunction with the Hudy 14K & 7K Brewery Run and the Little Kings Mile.
Little King's Sausage Queen Competition.
In addition to the various events held at Bockfest hall during the festival, each year a "Sausage Queen" is crowned. The Sausage Queen Competition is a gender-neutral competition that is meant to raise awareness for Bockfest and provide a light-hearted competition among those outgoing enough to compete. The rules are pretty simple in that contestants must love beer and sausage. Contestants participate in preliminary rounds where one finalist is announced at each participating bar in the weeks leading up to Bockfest. Each contestant then represents his or her bar in the finals. The winner is chosen through a question-and-answer round and a talent round through a panel of judges on Saturday night of Bockfest. The Sausage Queen leads the following year's Bockfest parade.

</doc>
<doc id="31161229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161229" title="Paul Reilly">
Paul Reilly

Paul Reilly may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31161235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161235" title="Don Smoothey">
Don Smoothey

Don Smoothey (born 11 April 1919) is a former British stage actor, variety entertainer and comic.
Career.
Theatre.
At the age of twelve, Smoothey attended the Italia Conti Academy of Theatre Arts where his brother Len Lowe was already a student, and began his show business career as a child in 1932 appearing at the Holborn Empire in a production of "Where the Rainbow Ends". This was followed by a time in the production of "Cavalcade" at Drury Lane.
Smoothey joined the army at the outbreak of World War II and entertained troops as half of a double act with Len Marten. In 1942, he became a member of the official army organization Stars in Battledress. He left the service in 1946 and returned to civilian life and Variety entertainment by appearing at The Grand, Clapham Junction. During this time he used several stage names, including Don Maxwell and Chester Ladd. He completed a long tour in the production of "The Old Town Hall", which was followed by Ralph Reader's "The Gangs All Here".
Variety entertainment.
In 1950, Smoothey joined his brother Len Lowe as half of a new act called "Lowe and Ladd". They enjoyed success in England, as well as touring in Australia and New Zealand until 1956, when Len wished to turn his own attentions to television and the team parted. From that point Smoothey used his own name appearing as a solo comedian. 
When singer Dickie Valentine persuaded Smoothey that Tommy Layton wished to work with him, the team of "Smoothey and Layton" was created and performed together until 1960. After the team separated in 1960, Smoothey continued his solo career performing in variety theater, Summer shows, and pantomimes, and at such venues as the London Palladium.
Career personal highlight.
Asked what he has enjoyed most about his long time in show business Smoothey stated: 
"I have to say appearing in the Royal Variety Performance in the presence of Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother in 1982 in the feature "Underneath the Arches" was very special. This took place at the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane. In our particular sketch there was Roy Hudd, Joe Black, Tommy Godfrey, Billy Gray, Peter Glaze, Christopher Timothy and myself.
"A highlight of the Royal Command Performance was the appearance of Ethel Merman who flew in especially from America to sing "There's No Business Like Show Business". Sitting with her hairdresser before going on stage, she asked if she could have her hair all up front. The stylist remarked that there would be nothing to cover the back of her head. 'Honey, my name is Ethel Merman', replied the great singer, 'and I've never turned my back on an audience in all my life. So put it all up at the front and to hell with what anyone behind sees!'
"Backstage, dressed in a terrible old dressing gown, Ethel stumbled by mistake into our dressing room. She apologised, 'Oh boys I'm sorry, I've got the wrong dressing room.' 'You'll be alright,' said my colleague Tommy Godfrey. 'You stay with us, darling,' and sat on her knee. 'That's it boys' she exclaimed. I’m dressing in here from now on!' - and she stayed there for ages talking about American Vaudeville."
Television.
Smoothey made a few television appearances from 1964 through 1990. In 1964 he appeared as himself in an episode of the "Frankie Howerd" comedy variety show. In 1967 he performed for an episode of the variety show "The Good Old Days", and in 1968 performed in all 7 episodes of the BBC comedy variety series "Kindly Leave the Stage". He returned to television in 1983 for an episode of the Channel 4 spoof talk show "For 4 Tonight ", and his last television appearance was in 1990 in an acting role of the series "You Rang, M'Lord?".
Service.
Smoothey has been a member of the Grand Order of Water Rats since 1967, and sat as King Rat in 2001. His late brother Len Lowe had been King Rat in 1983, marking Smoothey emplacement as the first time two brothers of the order had been King Rats.
Donald Ralph Smoothey was initiated into Hamilton Lodge No.3309 on April 21, 1971. WM 1983. He was presented with Provincial Honours in 1995 by Companion of the Grand Order of Water Rats, HRH Prince Michael of Kent, KCVO. He joined Chelsea Lodge No.3098 19 May 1995.
Smoothey served as secretary of The Vaudeville Golfing Society [http://www.vaudeville-golfing-society.com] for many years, and was a respected member of the executive committee of The Entertainment Artistes' Benevolent Fund until his retirement from the role in June 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="31161256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161256" title="Ivan and Alexandra">
Ivan and Alexandra

Ivan and Alexandra (, translit. 1952: Ivan i Aleksandra) is a 1989 Bulgarian drama film directed by Ivan Nitchev. It was entered into the 39th Berlin International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="31161258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161258" title="The True Briton (magazine)">
The True Briton (magazine)

The True Briton was an English weekly magazine published by Fanny Mayne between 1851 and 1854.

</doc>
<doc id="31161280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161280" title="The Lemming">
The Lemming

The Lemming (formerly known as "Lemming" and before that as "Life Color") is a Dutch glam rock band which scored three hits in the Dutch Top 40 between 1973 and 1975.
The band originally consisted of lead singer Wally Slot (stage name: "Wally McKey"), guitarists Hans Vos and Harry Bruintjes, bassist Tinny Durrell and drummer Tony Gloudie. Of these only the first and the last named are still active for the band. 
The band originally existed between 1973 and 1982 as "Lemming" and was relaunched as "The Lemming" in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="31161287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161287" title="Gare de Bourron-Marlotte–Grez">
Gare de Bourron-Marlotte–Grez

Bourron-Marlotte–Grez is a railway station between Bourron-Marlotte and Grez-sur-Loing, Île-de-France, France.
The Station.
The station opened in 1860 and is located on the Moret-Lyon railway. The station is served by Transilien line R (Paris-Gare de Lyon) operated by SNCF.
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Bourron-Marlotte–Grez:

</doc>
<doc id="31161288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161288" title="Klaus Reinhardt">
Klaus Reinhardt

Klaus Reinhardt (born 15 January 1941 in Berlin) is a former German Army General.
He used to be commander of the German Army Forces Command, of the NATO "Joint Headquarters Center" (formerly "Headquarters Allied Land Forces Central Europe"), and of KFOR in Kosovo.
Military career.
In 1960 entered the German Army as an officer candidate with the mountain infantry forces. From 1963 on he served as a platoon leader with the Gebirgsjägerbataillon 222 in Mittenwald, and later continued as operations officer from October 1966 to Oktober 1967.
From 1967 to 1972 he studied history and political sciences at the University of Freiburg, earning a doctoral degree with his dissertation about the strategic failure of Hitler in the Battle of Moscow. In 1968 he already was promoted to Captain and served as company commander with Gebirgsjägerbataillon 221 in Mittenwald. From 1973 to 1975 he passed the General Staff course at the "Führungsakademie der Bundeswehr" in Hamburg. In 1975 he additionally passed the US Command and General Staff officer course in Fort Leavenworth.
In October 1976 Reinhardt was promoted to Lieutenant Colonel and served as operations staff officer (G-3) of NATO's Central Army Group (CENTAG) in Heidelberg. From January 1978 to October 1980 he used to be assistant to the Vice Inspector General of the German Military, General Jürgen Brandt at the ministry of defence in Bonn. From 1982 he took command of the Gebirgsjägerbataillon 231 in Bad Reichenhall. From 1982 to 1983 he served as operations officer (G-3) in the staff of the 1st Mountain Division in Garmisch-Partenkirchen. After his promotion to full colonel he served as military assistant to the then minister of defence Manfred Wörner and in 1986 till September 1988 as commander of the Gebirgsjägerbrigade 23 in Bad Reichenhall.
In 1 October 1988 he was promoted to Brigadier General and the same day took over as Chief of Staff Section IV (Planning; NATO Forces, conception of the Federal Armed Forces, coordination of the budgetary means for the military and planning of armament) within the Armed Forces Staff of the German Ministry of Defence in Bonn.
Im October 1990 he was appointed Major General and a commander of the Führungsakademie der Bundeswehr in Hamburg. During this times he also used to be vice president of the "Clausewitz Society" and member of the scientific advisory council of the German Military History Research Office (MGFA). As commander of the command and general staff college he changed the academy to a strategic and operational think tank and opened it to officers from Eastern European countries, one reason why he was awarded an honorary doctarate of the University of Budapest.
In June 1993 he was promoted to Lieutenant General and appointed commander of the 3rd Army Corps in Koblenz, which he also had to disband due to military reforms. In 1994 built up the German Army Forces Command in Koblenz as commanding general and made it a key element for the German military missions abroad. He formally led the German military missions in Somalia (UNOSOM), Croatia, and Bosnia and Herzegowina (IFOR, SFOR).
In April 1998 he was promoted to General and appointed Commander NATO Joint Headquarters Centre (today Allied Force Command Heidelberg). He actively participated in the NATO structure reform process. From October 1999 to April 2000 he served as commander KFOR in Pristina, Kosovo and was in charge of 50,000 soldiers from 39 nations. In March 2001 Reinhard retired.

</doc>
<doc id="31161302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161302" title="Ivan Nitchev">
Ivan Nitchev

Ivan Nitchev (; born 31 July 1940) is a Bulgarian film director and screenwriter. He has directed 15 films since 1972. His 1989 film "Ivan and Alexandra" was entered into the 39th Berlin International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="31161312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161312" title="Indian Widow">
Indian Widow

Indian Widow is a painting by Joseph Wright of Derby, completed in late 1783 or early 1784 and first shown in his solo exhibition in London in 1785. The painting is now on display at Derby Museum and Art Gallery, Derby, England.
Description.
"Indian Widow" was a title used by the painter, but a longer and more descriptive title also exists, The Widow of an Indian Chief Watching the Arms of Her Deceased Husband. According to Benedict Nicolson, in clothing the figure of the widow, Wright "has fallen back on those well-worn neo-classic draperies which served for any distressed female". Nicolson finds that other details, however, are more authentic: "the form of her head-band, the treatment of the feathers, the quilled cords and knife-sheath, and the buffalo-robe painted on the skin side show knowledge of Indian technology from at least as far West as the upper Great Lakes: this proves that Wright used authentic props". The concept of the Noble Savage, applied to Native Americans, was all the more popular in Britain in the 1780s when Americans of European origin could be regarded as rebels.
In contrast with Wright's paintings of candlelit scenes, here the main figure is seen silhouetted against sunlight and a stormy sky.
Similar work.
An engraving of this painting was made by another Derby artist, John Raphael Smith, in 1785. Wright painted a similar painting based on female fortitude entitled "The Lady in Milton's Comus" and a very near copy of the "Indian Widow". "The Lady in Milton's Comus" is in the Walker Gallery in Liverpool whilst the near copy was lost in a fire. This painting and the "The Lady in Milton's Comus" were displayed at Wright's exhibition in 1785. It is thought that this might be the first "solo show" in England. Wright laid out his plans for the exhibition in the same year that he refused to become a Royal Acadamician.

</doc>
<doc id="31161324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161324" title="U live (TV series)">
U live (TV series)

U live is the flagship show of TVNZ U. It is a live show airing from 4pm - 7pm daily. The show features music, interviews, and other general interest content. Viewers are invited to participate via a Facebook application, where they can vote in polls, take part in discussions, and view the show via a live commercial and graphic free stream. Comments and polls are then selected and displayed on screen during broadcast. U live is hosted by Connor Nestor, Matthew Gibb, Kirsteen Mackenzie, Eli Matthewson and Monika Barton. U live draws many parallels to TVNZ's rival network Mediaworks' youth-oriented show FOUR Live, which airs on FOUR. Although U live tends to have a more distinctive style of its own. 
The show is produced live on set by the show's presenters using a NewTek TriCaster.
Launch.
U live was the first show to be aired on TVNZ U, and is hosted by Rose Matafeo, Connor Nestor, Tim Lambourne, and Matt Gibb. Matafeo, Nestor and Gibb hosted the launch episode. Gibb also serves as the show's live producer. This first episode involved substantial contribution from users of the "U live" Facebook application, available on TVNZ U's Facebook page.
U Live Facebook App.
TVNZ teamed up with Facebook to create an application that would allow for user generated content to be provided and presented on the show, in the form of polls, discussions and music video requests. A Twitter account has also been established, although this is not used as heavily.

</doc>
<doc id="31161327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161327" title="Cleric (disambiguation)">
Cleric (disambiguation)

Cleric may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31161340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161340" title="Samuel Newton">
Samuel Newton

Samuel Newton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31161352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161352" title="John Staples">
John Staples

John Staples (1 March 1734 – 22 December 1820) was an Irish Member of Parliament. 
He sat in the Irish House of Commons for Newtown Limavady from 1765 to 1768, for Clogher from 1768 to 1776, for Ballyshannon from 1776 to 1783, for Newtown Limavady again from 1783 to 1795 and for County Antrim from 1796 to 1800, and then for Antrim in the new United Kingdom House of Commons from 1801 to 1802. He was made a member of the Irish Privy Council on 12 May 1801.
He was one of thirteen children of the Rev. Thomas Staples of Lissan House, and a grandson of Sir Robert Staples, 4th Baronet; his sister Alicia was the wife of Sir Robert Staples, 7th Baronet. John Staples married twice and also had thirteen children.
By his first wife Harriet (d.1771), daughter of William James Conolly and sister of Thomas Conolly of Castletown House, his children included
By his second wife Henrietta, daughter of Richard Molesworth, 3rd Viscount Molesworth, his children included

</doc>
<doc id="31161354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161354" title="Kazusa-Kubo Station">
Kazusa-Kubo Station

History.
Kazusa-Kubo Station was opened on April 10, 1933. It has been unattended since 1956.
Station layout.
Kazusa-Kubo Station has a single side platform serving bidirectional traffic. There is a small rain shelter built on the platform, but no station building.

</doc>
<doc id="31161368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161368" title="Cross Internacional Juan Muguerza">
Cross Internacional Juan Muguerza

The Cross Internacional Juan Muguerza, also known as the "Elgoibar Cross Country", is an annual cross country running competition which takes place each January in Elgoibar, the Basque Country, Spain. It is named as a memorial of local runner Juan Muguerza, a multiple national champion who was killed in 1937 during the bombing of Mungia in the Spanish Civil War.
The competition was first held in 1943 and was a men only contest, principally between national-level runners. This changed at the twentieth anniversary of the race in 1963, when the competition became an international one. Ethiopian runner Mamo Wolde was the first foreign winner and he went on to score three more victories that decade. His performances brought exposure for African runners in Spain and his influence was recognised with the erection of a memorial in his memory in 2003. Having been held every year since 1943, with the exception of cancellations in 1950 and 1981, the Cross Juan Muguerza is one of the longest-running competitions of its type in Spain.
The men's race has typically been contested over distances varying from 9 km to 11 km, with the current race being 10.8 km. A women's short course race was trialled in the late 1960s and became a permanent fixture of the programme in 1972. Initially a two kilometre course, the distance was gradually increased over the lifespan of the competition, resulting in the current distance of 6.6 km. A men's junior race was held in addition to the main senior race in 1963. The current race programme comprises the two senior races and six different age categories for younger runners.
The elite events attract the highest level of international runners, with past winners including IAAF World Cross Country Championships gold medallists Kenenisa Bekele, Paul Tergat, John Ngugi, Derartu Tulu and Edith Masai. The top runners of Spain and Portugal regularly compete at the competition. Among them, world medallists Mariano Haro and Carmen Valero won in Elgoibar in the 1970s, while prominent Portuguese athletes Paulo Guerra and Fernanda Ribeiro took the top honours in the 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="31161382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161382" title="Steak Number Eight">
Steak Number Eight

Steak Number Eight is a post-metal/sludge metal band based in Wevelgem, Belgium. Their music is a combination of post-rock and sludge metal, and is influenced by bands like Pelican, Isis, Sunn O))) and Amenra.
Career.
In 2007 they won a local contest named Westtalent. A few months later, in March 2008, the band won Humo's Rock Rally. With an average age of 15.5 they were the youngest band in the history of this contest. Shortly after this victory a home recorded album "When the Candle Dies Out..." was released.
In March 2011 the band released their second album "All is Chaos" produced by Mario Goossens and mixed by Matt Bayles. The album received overwhelmingly positive feedback and was later released in 2012 in the UK by Metal Hammer, who then added the band to their Razor Tour at the end of the year. In March and April their third album, "The Hutch", will be released across Europe. One week before its Belgian release, De Standaard posted an online stream of the full album.

</doc>
<doc id="31161384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161384" title="Shawn Elliott">
Shawn Elliott

Shawn Elliott is an actor. He is known for his role as Eduardo Fernandez, father of Alex (David López) and Gaby Fernandez (Mayteana Morales) on the TV show "Ghostwriter". His most recent role was in the movie "Arbitrage". Elliott has been married to actress Donna Murphy since 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="31161390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161390" title="I Love, You Love">
I Love, You Love

I Love, You Love () is a 1989 Czech drama film directed by Dušan Hanák. It was entered into the 39th Berlin International Film Festival where Hanák won the Silver Bear for Best Director.

</doc>
<doc id="31161392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161392" title="Gare de Nemours–Saint-Pierre">
Gare de Nemours–Saint-Pierre

Nemours–Saint-Pierre is a railway station in Nemours and Saint-Pierre-lès-Nemours, Île-de-France, France. The station opened in 1862 and is located on the Moret-Lyon railway. The station is served by Intercités (long distance trains) and by Transilien line R (Paris-Gare de Lyon) operated by SNCF. The station building was destroyed in 1870 after a Prussian attack, but the building was not rebuilt until 1881.
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Nemours–Saint-Pierre:

</doc>
<doc id="31161413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161413" title="Maarten van Gent">
Maarten van Gent

Maarten Herman van Gent (born March 22, 1947 in Rotterdam, Netherlands) is a Dutch basketball coach, manager, scout and businessman.
Van Gent started playing basketball at age 17. He also played korfball and soccer in college. After serving in the Royal Netherlands Army in 1968 he became a physical education teacher. In 1970, at age 23, van Gent started coaching basketball teams. The first team was AMVJ Rotterdam. After five years with the team he started coaching Frisol Rowic in Dordrecht. In 1982 he won the Dutch Championship with Nationale Nederlanden Donar. From 1984 to 1990 van Gent coached in Belgium and won the Belgian Championship in 1985 with Sunair Oostende. He quit coaching in 1991 after he was fired from Houthalen basketball team.
In 1992 he moved to Estonia and started working as a basketball agent for Globe Sports Management in Europe. In 1996 he started coaching again, this time in Estonia. He won the Estonian Championship in 1996 with Tallinna Kalev. From 1997–1999 he was also the coach of the Estonia national basketball team. From 2000–2004 he coached Ehitustööriist and the Netherlands national basketball team. In 2005 he again quit coaching and concentrated on business and managing. He also worked for three years as a scout for the NBA team the New York Knicks.
Van Gent returned to coaching in the 2008–2009 season at Rotterdam and again in the 2009–2010 season at EiffelTowers in Den Bosch after both teams fired their previous coaches during the season.
Maarten van Gent owns a real estate company named "Vangent Holding OU".

</doc>
<doc id="31161440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161440" title="Gare de Souppes–Château-Landon">
Gare de Souppes–Château-Landon

Souppes–Château-Landon is a railway station in Souppes-sur-Loing, Île-de-France, France. The station is located on the Moret-Lyon railway. The station is served by Intercités (long distance) and Transilien line R (from Paris-Gare de Lyon to Montargis) operated by SNCF.
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Souppes–Château-Landon:

</doc>
<doc id="31161458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161458" title="Kazusa-Tsurumai Station">
Kazusa-Tsurumai Station

History.
Kazusa-Tsurumai Station was opened on March 7, 1925 as . It was renamed to its present name on January 1, 1958. It has been unattended since 1998.
Station layout.
Kazusa-Tsurumai Station has a single side platform serving bidirectional traffic. The overgrown remnants of an unused island platform are still located to one side. The old wooden station building retains a ticket gate, but has been unattended for over a decade.

</doc>
<doc id="31161478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161478" title="Above threshold ionization">
Above threshold ionization

Within atomic, molecular, and optical physics above threshold ionization (ATI), which was first observed in 1979, is a multi-photon effect where an atom is ionized with more than the required number of photons. 
In the case of ATI the peaks should appear at
where the integer formula_2 represents the minimum number of photons absorbed and the integer s represents the number of additional photons absorbed. formula_3 is the ionization energy and formula_4 is the electron kinetic energy of the peak corresponding to s additional photons being absorbed.
Structure.
It typically has a very strong maxima at the minimum number of photons to ionize the system, with successive peaks (known as ATI peaks) separated by the photon energy and thus corresponding to higher numbers of photons being absorbed.
In the non-perturbative regime the bound states are dressed with the electric field, shifting the ionization energy. If the ponderomotive energy of the field is greater than the photon energy formula_5 then the first peak disappears.
Features from Ultrashort pulses.
High intensity Ultrashort laser pulses can create ATI features with 20 or more peaks. The photoelectron spectrum of electron energies is continuous since actual light sources contain a spread of energies.

</doc>
<doc id="31161514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161514" title="Koda Kumi Remix Album">
Koda Kumi Remix Album

Koda Kumi Remix Album is the first remix album by Japanese singer Kumi Koda. It was released on February 22, 2006, on the same day as her last single from 12-singles project - Someday/Boys & Girls. It was available only to those who bought all 12 singles from in digital-only format.
"Koda Kumi Remix Album" was Kumi's first remix album before "Koda Kumi Driving Hit's".
The album includes remixes of 8 songs from her 12-singles project.
Track listing.
Official tracklist 

</doc>
<doc id="31161544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161544" title="Michael Mark">
Michael Mark

Michael Mark may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31161547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161547" title="Milton Keynes Council elections">
Milton Keynes Council elections

Milton Keynes local elections elect the Council of the Borough of Milton Keynes, a unitary authority in Buckinghamshire, England.
Frequency.
One third of the council is elected each year for 3 years, followed by one year without election, unless there is a substantial boundary change (when all seats are elected). Following an electoral review, changes to wards and an increase in the number of seats, 57 councillors were elected for all 19 wards from May 2014 onwards. After the previous reorganisation in 2002, 51 councillors were elected from 23 wards.
Wards.
2014 onwards.
Following an electoral review and with effect from the Milton Keynes Council election, 2014 in May 2014, there were 57 Councillors representing 19 wards, each with having 3 councillors. 
These wards are as follows:
2002 until 2014.
From 2002 until the 2014 local elections, there were 23 wards in the Borough, which were represented by 51 councillors. The councillors corresponded to the wards in the following way:
Council elections results and political control.
Summary of the council composition after council elections, click on the year for full details of each election. Since 1996 political control of the council has been held by the following parties:

</doc>
<doc id="31161551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161551" title="Bhamaha">
Bhamaha

Bhamaha (, ) () was a Sanskrit poetician from Kashmir believed to be contemporaneous with Daṇḍin. He is noted for writing a work called "Kavyalankara" (, ) ("The ornaments of poetry"). In the last verse of his work, he mentions that he was son of Rakrilagomin. Except this information nothing is known about Bhamaha.
Kavyalankara.
Bhamaha's Kavyalankara is divided into six "pariccheda"s (chapters). It comprises 398 verses, including two verses at the end of the sixth chapter, which briefly describe the number of verses on each of the five topics. In the first verse, Bhamaha mentioned his work as Kavyalankara. The first chapter comprises 69 verses. After the invocation of Sarva, it defines "kavya" and describes the qualifications of a good poet. It also narrates various genres and styles of poems, which include "Vaidarbhi" and "Gaudi". In the beginning of the second chapter, three "guna"s of poems, namely "prasada", "madhurya" and "ojah" are discussed. It is followed by the discussion about the "alankara"s (figures of speech), which continues till the end of the third chapter. The fourth chapter mentions about the eleven types of "dosha"s (blemishes) of "kavya" and defines first ten of these "dosha"s with illustrations. The fifth chapter discusses the eleventh "dosha" and its causes. It is based on the Nyaya-Vaisheshika epistemology. The sixth chapter emphasizes the necessity of the grammatical accuracy and some practical hints to the poets are also provided.
Commentaries.
No commentary on this work has been found so far. It is known that a commentary titled "Bhamahavivarana" or "Bhamahavritti" on "Kavyalankara" was written by Udbhata, but this work is no more extant.

</doc>
<doc id="31161553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161553" title="Souther (meteorology)">
Souther (meteorology)

In meteorology, Souther is a strong wind coming from the south.
It's also a term widely used in maritime jargon to indicate, in fact, generally "strong wind from the south". 

</doc>
<doc id="31161554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161554" title="Ponti Anak Remaja">
Ponti Anak Remaja

Ponti Anak Remaja is a Malaysian miniseries about Ponti, a human-vampire half-breed who just wants a normal human life. She is fascinated with the human world after she met a group of college students doing a research of a mythical flower in a local reserved forest which is actually inhabited by the vampires. She became friends with the students. They manage to somehow enroll her in the college, and unlike any other normal human, she has the ability to learn fast and other few super abilities.
Ponti herself is a bubbly, fun, energetic and friendly girl who just wants to fit in the social. She started dating Hazuan, the popular guy. Hazuan's ex-girlfriend Sofea became furious and hated this so she planned to make Ponti's life a living hell. Ponti also has to face Kamal, her vampire ex-boyfriend who would do anything to win her back.

</doc>
<doc id="31161564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161564" title="Gare de Bagneaux-sur-Loing">
Gare de Bagneaux-sur-Loing

Bagneaux-sur-Loing is a railway station in Bagneaux-sur-Loing, Île-de-France, France. The station is located on the Moret-Lyon railway. The station is served by Transilien line R (Paris-Gare de Lyon) operated by SNCF.
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Bagneaux-sur-Loing:

</doc>
<doc id="31161595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161595" title="S.T.U.N.">
S.T.U.N.

S.T.U.N., which stands for 'Scream Toward The Uprising Of Non-Conformity,' were a punk band from Los Angeles, formed in 2000. Their lyrics are idealistic, with the aim of supporting universalism, socialism, abolishing class warfare, and against American imperialism, laid over punk rock reminiscent of Rage Against The Machine. They were signed to Geffen Records in 2002.
Their first and only apparent album, "Evolution of Energy", was released on June 24, 2003.
S.T.U.N's influences include The Clash, Sex Pistols, Pixies, Noam Chomsky, Daniel Quinn, Jane's Addiction, Radiohead, Depeche Mode, The Smiths, Super Furry Animals, and David Bowie.

</doc>
<doc id="31161607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161607" title="VIII Brigade RAF">
VIII Brigade RAF

The VIII Brigade or 8th Brigade of the Royal Flying Corps and from 1 April 1918, Royal Air Force, was a bomber formation which carried out air raids against Germany in World War I.
The VIII Brigade of the Royal Flying Corps was created on 28 December 1917 by raising the 41st Wing to Brigade status. The 41st Wing continued to exist as a subordinate formation of the VIII Brigade. The VIII Brigade's only Commander was Brigadier-General C L N Newall.
Although the VIII Brigade had been established in December 1917 it did not exercise command authority until 1 February 1918 when Newall took up command. The following month, on 1 April 1918 the VII Brigade was transferred to the Royal Air Force. With the British Government seeking to expand the bombing raids against Germany, the VIII Brigade itself was subsumed into a larger formation, becoming part of the Independent Air Force on 6 June 1918. The Brigade was probably disbanded towards the end of 1918 after the Armistice.

</doc>
<doc id="31161608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161608" title="2011 Jelajah Malaysia">
2011 Jelajah Malaysia

The 2011 Jelajah Malaysia, a cycling stage race that took place in Malaysia. It was held from 8 to 13 March 2011. There were six stages with a total of 1,011 kilometres. In fact, the race was sanctioned by the International Cycling Union as a 2.2 category race and was part of the 2010–11 UCI Asia Tour calendar.
Mehdi Sohrabi of Iran won the race, followed by David McCann of Ireland second and Ioannis Tamouridis of Greece third overall. Mohamed Harrif Salleh of Malaysia won the points classification and Adiq Husainie Othman of Malaysia won the mountains classification. won the team classification.
List of teams and riders.
A total of 28 teams were invited to participate in the 2011 Jelajah Malaysia. Out of 171 riders, a total of 109 riders made it to the finish in Nilai.

</doc>
<doc id="31161612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161612" title="Shmuel Fershko">
Shmuel Fershko

Shmuel Fershko (Stanisław Ferszko, Samuel FERSZKO, also Fereszko) (1914-1990). Born in Łuck, he was a child prodigy on the piano in Warsaw and then went to Warsaw Conservatory. At the age of 23 he composed the operetta "Polowanie na lamparta (The Leopard Hunt)" first performed in Warsaw in the theatre "8.30", later in Vienna under the name "Salzburg Ausverkauft". He worked at the "Heyman-Front Jazz" dance band (orchestra led by Zygmunt Heyman and Julian Front) and as a piano soloist in the "Paradis, Krzywa latarnia (Crooked Lantern)" and "F.F." nightclubs.
He composed for and accompanied the stage diseuses of the late 1930s: Wiera Gran, Nadieżda Bielicz and Waria Łaska. Some of his greatest hits were "Bo to się zwykle tak zaczyna (That's How It Usually Begins), Gdy odejdziesz (When You're Gone)" and "Maleńka (My Tiny Gal)".
In 1937 he moved to Palestine and played in the Tel Aviv "Małałe" theater, as well as "Li-La-Lo" and "Ochel". Known as "The Israeli Gershwin," he was very popular in then-Palestine and later Israel. Many think his songs "Beb el Wad, Jeep" and "Moti" are folksongs.
In 1952 he was hired by NBC to go to America where he composed tunes, musicals, operettas and directed the NY Symphony Orchestra. He died 1990 in Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="31161617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161617" title="Zachrisson">
Zachrisson

Zachrisson is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31161629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161629" title="Anuario de Historia de la Iglesia">
Anuario de Historia de la Iglesia

The Anuario de Historia de la Iglesia ("Yearbook of the History of the Church") is an annual open access academic journal publlished by the Institute of the History of the Church (Faculty of Theology, University of Navarra). It was established in 1992 and covers ecclesiastical history, religious history, theological history, and the history of art. Its founding editor-in-chief was Josep-Ignasi Saranyana, the current editor is Santiago Casas. Publishing formats are Studies, Historiography and bibliography, Conversations, Chronicles, and Reviews.
Abstracting and indexing.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in:

</doc>
<doc id="31161630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161630" title="Clinton Hill Historic District">
Clinton Hill Historic District

Clinton Hill Historic District is a national historic district in Clinton Hill, Brooklyn, New York, New York. It consists of 1,063 contributing, largely residential buildings built between the 1840s and 1930 in popular contemporary and revival styles. Buildings include freestanding mansions, row houses, and apartment buildings. Other contributing buildings include churches, schools, a former home for elderly women, and stores.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="31161633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161633" title="Shady Alsuleiman">
Shady Alsuleiman

Sheikh Shady Alsuleiman was born in 1978 in Sydney - Australia from a Palestinian family who migrated to Australia in the late 1960s. He initially obtained an Ijazah (licence) with Sanad (complete chain back to Mahommed) in complete and sound memorization of the Quran at Darul Uloom Al-Husainiah in Sindh, Pakistan.
He then travelled to the Arab world for a six years to continue his Islamic and Arabic studies at numerous Islamic institutions with many well-recognised scholars, primarily in Damascus. In Syria, he studied various Islamic subjects and modules, from Fiqh, Usool Al-Fiqh, Hadith, Mustalah al-hadith, Quranic Science and Tafseer and Arabic studies. He generally focused on and specialised in Arabic and Comparative Fiqh (Islamic Law/Jurisprudence) and received numerous Ijaza's in that field.
Shady arrived back to Sydney in early 2001, where he began to be heavily active and involved with the Muslim youth and the second Muslim generation in Australia. He is the founder of one of Australia's largest youth centres known as the UMA in Sydney, and also the founder of Sydney Islamic College that delivers Islamic studies to adults. He also held the position of the secretary of the Australian National Imams Council (ANIC) from 2006 to 2010.
He operates from various mosques in Australia, and travels to numerous interstate and overseas countries in which he delivers lectures and participates in many different Islamic conferences and events around the world. Shady Asuleiman was mentioned by The Guardian newspaper as giving a talk on time management to a Birmingham school criticised by an Ofsted report for failing to adopt a policy against extremism.

</doc>
<doc id="31161640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161640" title="Poria weirii">
Poria weirii

Poria weirii is a fungus species in the genus "Poria".
Poriol is a flavanone, a type of flavonoid, produced by "Pseudotsuga menziesii" (Douglas fir) in reaction to infection by "P. weirii".

</doc>
<doc id="31161641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161641" title="Maja Sablewska">
Maja Sablewska

Maja Sablewska (born 5 April 1980) is a Polish music manager. Since 2011 she is also known for her role as a judge on TV show "X Factor".
Early life and the music manager career.
As a 17-year-old she raised Natalia Kukulska's fan club. Many meetings with her after the concerts made their relationship closer. When she was 19, she was offered by the singer a babysitter job, which was the reason why she moved from her family town Sosnowiec to Warsaw. A year later she was noticed by Katarzyna Kanclerz who was connected with Universal Mucic Poland.
During her work in the label she met Dorota Rabczewska, the vocalist of Virgin. When the band suspended in 2007 the singer asked Sablewska to take care of her solo career.
In Autumn 2009 she took care of another artist - debuting Marina Łuczenko. This was not accepted by Rabczewska and later the manager turned down working for Doda. Their co-operation ended up on 26 November 2009.
Soon media reported that Sablewska had become the manager of Edyta Górniak, which was confirmed by both of them on 28 March 2010 on Dzień Dobry TVN.
On 23 January 2011 Edyta Górniak resigned Sablewska's service, which she announced by sending a statement to the press on the next day.
A month later, on 18 February 2011, Marina Łuczenko ended the co-operation with the manager.
On 10 March 2011 web page "plejada.pl" reported that Sablewska was going to launch a music management company with Żaneta Szlagowska. Patricia Kazadi is said to be their first artist.
"X Factor".
In late 2010 she was offered a judging role on the TV show "X Factor" by TVN. In January 2011 it was confirmed that she had accepted it. She served in the judging panel alongside Kuba Wojewódzki and Czesław Mozil. In 2012, she left the show and was replaced by Tatiana Okupnik.

</doc>
<doc id="31161648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161648" title="Peter Barrett">
Peter Barrett

Peter Barrett may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31161658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161658" title="Kazusa-Kawama Station">
Kazusa-Kawama Station

History.
Kazusa-Kawama Station was opened on April 1, 1953. 
Station layout.
Kazusa-Kawama Station has a single side platform serving bidirectional traffic. There is a small rain shelter built on the platform, but no station building. The station is unattended.

</doc>
<doc id="31161659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161659" title="Escherichia coli (molecular biology)">
Escherichia coli (molecular biology)

Escherichia coli (; commonly abbreviated E. coli) is a gammaproteobacterium commonly found in the lower intestine of warm-blooded organisms (endotherms). The descendants of two isolates, K-12 and B strain, are used routinely in molecular biology as both a tool and a model organism.
Diversity of Escherichia coli.
"Escherichia coli" is one of the most diverse bacterial species with several pathogenic strains with different symptoms and with only 20% of the genome common to all strains. Furthermore, from the evolutionary point of view, the members of genus Shigella ("dysenteriae", "flexneri", "boydii", "sonnei") are actually E. coli strains "in disguise" (i.e. "E. coli" is paraphyletic to the genus).
History.
In 1885, Theodor Escherich, a German pediatrician, first discovered this species in the feces of healthly individuals and called it "Bacterium coli commune" due to the fact it is found in the colon and early classifications of Prokaryotes placed these in a handful of genera based on their shape and motility (at that time Ernst Haeckel's classification of Bacteria in the kingdom Monera was in place).
Following a revision of Bacteria it was reclassified as "Bacillus coli" by Migula in 1895 and later reclassified as "Escherichia coli" 
Due to its ease of culture and fast doubling it was used in the early microbiology experiments, however bacteria were considered primitive and pre-cellular and received little attention before 1944, when Avery, Macleod and McCarty demonstrated that DNA was the genetic material using "Salmonella typhimurium", following which "Escherichia coli" was used for linkage mapping studies 
Strains.
Four of the many E.coli strains (K-12, B, C, and W) are thought of as model organism strains. These are classified in Risk Group 1 in biosafety guidelines.
Escherich's isolate.
The first isolate of Escherich was deposited in NCTC in 1920 by the Lister Institute in London (NCTC 86[http://www.atcc.org/ATCCAdvancedCatalogSearch/ProductDetails/tabid/452/Default.aspx?ATCCNum=4157&Template=bacteria].
K-12.
A strain was isolated from a stool sample of a patient convalescent from diphtheria and was labelled K-12 (not an antigen) in 1922 at Stanford University. This isolate was used in 1940s by Charles E. Clifton to study nitrogen metabolism who deposited it in ATCC (strain ATCC 10798) and lent it to Edward Tatum for his tryptophan biosynthesis experiments, despite its idiosyncrasies due to the F+ λ+ phenotype.
In the course of the passages it lost its O antigen and in 1953 was cured first of its lambda phage (strain W1485 by UV by Joshua Lederberg and colleagues) and then in 1985 of the F plasmid by acridine orange curing . Strains derived from MG1655 include DH1, parent of DH5α and in turn of DH10β (rebranded as TOP10 by Invitrogen).
An alternative lineage from W1485 is that of W2637 (which contains an inversion rrnD-rrnE), which in turn resulted in W3110.
Due to the lack of specific record-keeping, the "pedigree" of strains was not available and had to be inferred by consulting lab-book and records in order to set up the E. coli Genetic Stock Centre at Yale. The different strains have been derived through treating E. coli K-12 with agents such as nitrogen mustard, ultra-violet radiation, X-ray etc. An extensive list of "Escherichia coli" K-12 strain derivatives and their individual construction, genotypes, phenotypes, plasmids and phage information can be viewed at Ecoliwiki.
B strain.
A second common laboratory strain is the B strain, whose history is less straightforward and the first naming of the strain as E. coli B was by Delbrück and Luria in 1942 in their study of bacteriophages T1 and T7 The original E. coli B strain, known then as "Bacillus coli", originated from Félix d'Herelle from the Institut Pasteur in
Paris around 1918 who studied bacteriophages, who claimed that it originated from Collection of the Institut Pasteur, but no strains of that period exist. The strain of d'Herelle was passed to Jules Bordet, Director of the Institut Pasteur du Brabant in Bruxelles and his student André Gratia The former passed the strain to Ann Kuttner ("the Bact. coli obtained
from Dr. Bordet") and in turn to Eugène Wollman (B. coli Bordet), whose son deposited it in 1963 (CIP
63.70) as "strain BAM" (B American), while André Gratia passed the strain to Martha Wollstein, a researcher at Rockefeller, who refers to the strain as "Brussels strain of "Bacillus coli"" in 1921, who in turn passed it to Jacques Bronfenbrenner (B. coli P.C.), who passed it to Delbrück and Luria.
This strain gave rise to several other strains, such as REL606 and BL21.
C strain.
"E. coli" C is morphologically distinct from other E. coli strains; it is more spherical in shape and has a distinct distribution of its nucleoid.
W strain.
The W strain was isolated from the soil near Rutgers University's by Selman Waksman
Role in biotechnology.
Because of its long history of laboratory culture and ease of manipulation, "E. coli" also plays an important role in modern biological engineering and industrial microbiology. The work of Stanley Norman Cohen and Herbert Boyer in "E. coli", using plasmids and restriction enzymes to create recombinant DNA, became a foundation of biotechnology.
Considered a very versatile host for the production of heterologous proteins, researchers can introduce genes into the microbes using plasmids, allowing for the mass production of proteins in industrial fermentation processes. Genetic systems have also been developed which allow the production of recombinant proteins using "E. coli". One of the first useful applications of recombinant DNA technology was the manipulation of "E. coli" to produce human insulin. Modified "E. coli" have been used in vaccine development, bioremediation, and production of immobilised enzymes.
"E. coli" have been used successfully to produce proteins previously thought difficult or impossible in "E. coli", such as those containing multiple disulfide bonds or those requiring post-translational modification for stability or function. The cellular environment of "E. coli" is normally too reducing for disulphide bonds to form, proteins with disulphide bonds therefore may be secreted to its periplasmic space, however, mutants in which the reduction of both thioredoxins and glutathione is impaired also allow disulphide bonded proteins to be produced in the cytoplasm of "E. coli". It has also been use to produce proteins with various post-translational modifications, including glycoproteins by using the N-linked glycosylation system of "Campylobacter jejuni" engineered into "E. coli". Efforts are currently under way to expand this technology to produce complex glycosylations.
Studies are also being performed into programming "E. coli" to potentially solve complicated mathematics problems such as the Hamiltonian path problem.
Model organism.
"E. coli" is frequently used as a model organism in microbiology studies. Cultivated strains (e.g. "E. coli" K12) are well-adapted to the laboratory environment, and, unlike wild type strains, have lost their ability to thrive in the intestine. Many lab strains lose their ability to form biofilms. These features protect wild type strains from antibodies and other chemical attacks, but require a large expenditure of energy and material resources.
In 1946, Joshua Lederberg and Edward Tatum first described the phenomenon known as bacterial conjugation using "E. coli" as a model bacterium, and it remains a primary model to study conjugation. "E. coli" was an integral part of the first experiments to understand phage genetics, and early researchers, such as Seymour Benzer, used "E. coli" and phage T4 to understand the topography of gene structure. Prior to Benzer's research, it was not known whether the gene was a linear structure, or if it had a branching pattern.
"E. coli" was one of the first organisms to have its genome sequenced; the complete genome of "E. coli" K-12 was published by "Science" in 1997. Available genome sequences include "Escherichia coli" str. K-12 substr. MG1655 and "Escherichia coli" O157:H7 str. Sakai.
Lenski's long term evolution experiment.
The long-term evolution experiments using "E. coli", begun by Richard Lenski in 1988, have allowed direct observation of major evolutionary shifts in the laboratory. In this experiment, one population of "E. coli" unexpectedly evolved the ability to aerobically metabolize citrate. This capacity is extremely rare in "E. coli". As the inability to grow aerobically is normally used as a diagnostic criterion with which to differentiate "E. coli" from other, closely related bacteria such as "Salmonella", this innovation may mark a speciation event observed in the lab.

</doc>
<doc id="31161695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161695" title="Michael Marks (disambiguation)">
Michael Marks (disambiguation)

Michael Marks was one of the two co-founders of the retail chain Marks & Spencer.
Michael Marks may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31161696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161696" title="P. weirii">
P. weirii

P. weirii may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31161706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161706" title="2011 Gold Coast Titans season">
2011 Gold Coast Titans season

The 2011 Gold Coast Titans season was the 5th in the club's history. They competed in the NRL's 2011 Telstra Premiership coached by John Cartwright and captained by Scott Prince. Gold Coast finished the regular season 16th (out of 16), failing to make the finals and collecting the wooden spoon for the first time in the club's history.
Season Summary.
The Gold Coast Titans started the season poorly with three first up losses to the reigning premiers St. George Illawarra Dragons, then a 40-12 smashing at the hands of the Melbourne Storm before losing to arch rivals the Brisbane Broncos at home. It seemed after the loss to Melbourne that the Titans would never recover and its fans were forecasting a very long season ahead.
Round 4 saw the Titans register their first win for the 2011 season with a 23-22 golden point win over the Canberra Raiders thanks to a Greg Bird field goal in the 2nd minute of extra time. The winning feeling was short lived with a 10 point loss to the North Queensland Cowboys the following week. Things improved however with the signing of Bulldogs centre Jamal Idris for 5 years and a win against the Wests Tigers in round 6. Round 7 saw the Titans lose their fifth game of the season with the Parramatta Eels scoring a try with 37 seconds remaining to give them a 22-18 victory. A win over the Sydney Roosters in round 8 saw the Titans improve their win-loss record 3-5 and Nathan Friend become the first player to play 100 games for the Titans. This would be the Titans last win for a while as they lost their next four games including three at home.
The Titans emerged briefly from their losing streak to beat a depleted St. George Illawarra Dragons missing six players due to Origin before entering a five game losing streak which included a 36-12 loss to the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks which is their worst ever defeat at Skilled Park. To help counter their poor form and last place on the ladder, the Titans lured former dual-international Mat Rogers out of retirement to play out the remainder of the 2011 NRL season. The return did little to change the luck of the Titans with Rogers breaking his foot in his very first game back (although he did achieve a milestone in his comeback, with this being his 200th NRL game) and their poor season continuing with a 22-6 loss against the New Zealand Warriors in round 18. It only got worse for the Titans with 3 more losses from as many games including a 30 point thrashing from the Newcastle Knights in round 21.
Round 22 saw the Titans rebound with a gutsy 20-16 win over the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks but came at a price with captain Scott Prince breaking his arm and being ruled out for the remainder of the season. The loss of Prince saw retiring club legend Preston Campbell elevated to captain but faced a tough debut against the ladder leading Melbourne Storm. Melbourne easily handled the Titans beating them by 24 points, the game also saw Preston Campbell play his 100th game for the Titans. Round 24 saw the Titans jump two spaces clear of the bottom of the ladder thanks to a 26-18 victory over the Canberra Raiders in front of their lowest ever home crowd of just 10,230.
The Titans had a chance to secure safety from the wooden spoon with a win in Round 25 against the Tigers but instead were soundly beaten by 19 points. Round 26 saw the 15th-placed Titans play the 16th-placed Parramatta Eels in the so-called "Wooden Spoon Showdown", with the loser taking out the wooden spoon for the 2011 season. Despite home ground advantage and wanting to send retiring Preston Campbell out a winner, the Titans gave the Eels a 22 points lead at halftime. The lead proved too much for the Titans, eventually losing 32-12 and collecting the club's first wooden spoon.
Awards.
Luke Bailey won a record third Paul Broughton Medal for the club's best and fairest player and also won Clubman of the Year. Matt Srama won Titan's Rookie of the Year while Kevin Gordon who missed the majority of the season with a knee injury won the Community Award. David Mead was awarded Try of the Year for his impressive one-handed pickup from a Scott Prince kick in Round 22 against the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks. Retiring club legend Preston Campbell took home the Members Choice Player of the Year and became the second inductee into the Titan's Hall of Fame.
Statistics.
Source:
Representative Honours.
The following players played a representative match during the 2011 NRL Season.
Indigenous All Stars
NSW Blues
NSW City Origin
NRL All Stars
Queensland Maroons
Prime Minister's XIII

</doc>
<doc id="31161711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161711" title="Baron Lovel">
Baron Lovel

There have been four baronies and one viscountcy created in the name of Lovel or Lovell.

</doc>
<doc id="31161716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161716" title="All Saints Church, Glencarse">
All Saints Church, Glencarse

All Saints Church, Glencarse is a church in the Diocese of Brechin of the Scottish Episcopal Church.
Still in use as a congregational Church, the building is constructed in the half timbered style and on 9 June 1981 was listed as a Grade: C(S) Listed Building.

</doc>
<doc id="31161754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161754" title="Sri Venkateswara Temple (Helensburgh)">
Sri Venkateswara Temple (Helensburgh)

Sri Venkateswara Temple is an Australian Hindu temple located at Helensburgh, New South Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="31161756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161756" title="Imaging Blackness">
Imaging Blackness

Imaging Blackness is the complex concept of expressing, recognizing, or assigning specific sets of ideas or values used in the depiction of African Americans. This depiction can be shown through various forms of media: film, television, literature. More specifically in film, the portrayal of African Americans have been imaged and captured throughout history. 
Historical Overview.
From the beginning of modern cinema, images of African Americans have played a primary role in the cinematic imagination of the West. These negative images have promoted a demeaning and undignified image of African Americans as a general group. However, simultaneously film has enabled African Americans to covey their creativity and originality, despite some intentions of whites to confine black humanity or use the African American race as a scapegoat. The beginning of black presence in American film, started with the concept of “blackface”. Disguised by the idea of entertainment, white actors painted their faces black and accentuated their lips by covering them with bright red lipstick. Their outer appearance reflected society’s curiosity of blackness. The concept of blackness was initially used to ridicule African Americans, showing white superiority to blacks, but then society became attracted to the controversial concept. Consequently, blackface became a popular fad in American culture. Ideas have developed and changed over time, but film has always had the ability to play on society’s racial visions. 
Poster Art.
In the 1890s a new form of visual representation was introduced to America and international audiences. The high literacy rate at the beginning of the twentieth century caused the creation of advertising for newly animated films. The first forms of advertising were vividly colored crates or switchboards used to promote an upcoming film. Seen as a way to preview a story with visual highlights, these advertisements enticed viewers and attracted audiences to movie theatres. This concept created the modern day movie poster. The invention of the movie poster itself is attributed to a Frenchman named Jules Chéret. He applied a printing process called stone lithography for the creation of his poster. As film technology progressed, evidently there became a need for more movie posters. It became a standardized process used to promote every new movie. The General Film Company standardized the size of a film poster at 27’’ x 41’’, allowing the poster to fit inside the glass casing outside of theatres. This was called the “one sheet” poster. These posters included texts and images supplied by the movie producing company. A constant dispute amongst associates in the movie producing company was whether to showcase star actors on their movie posters. The producer’s objective was to sell their product, the movie, which is done by advertising. On the other hand, the stars demanded that these posters became a reflection of them and their talents. Movie studios hired illustrators to produce posters that were artistic as well as inventive, constantly trying to find ways to appeal to the biggest audience. During the pre-television era of the 1950s, poster art became the typical way of movie advertising, consisting of the desirable image of a movie star with some text or other images explaining a part of the movie history. 
The portrayal of African Americans on these movie posters was very different from that of whites. American posters had a cross-cultural view of images of African Americans. American posters tended to marginalize the black presence and limit romantic images between African Americans. However, foreign posters showcased African Americans and highlighted their romantic roles. Early American films were concerned with racial imagery. Some films made for black audiences by white producers exhibited extreme racial categories. The “hero” of these films was often a white male of upper class status. For instance, a poster for the Norman Studio produced film "Regeneration" (1923) displayed a poster that was a preview for the movie but also reflected a societal stereotype. It showed a fair-skinned woman fearing the advanced of an intimidating dark-skinned man. This implied the threat of rape, which negatively portrayed the African American man as a scary, harmful individual. Posters like these started to create general stereotypes like, all women should fear African American men. Yet, some studios created posters to rebut the negative images of African Americans. Some showed black men as hardworking, which was atypical of Hollywood’s defined image of the African American male. 
In later decades, poster images reflected social- issues presented by “message films”. “These included ‘passing’ in "Los Boundaries" (1949), interracial romance in "Island in the Sun" (1957), and "Jungle Fever" (1991), and the youthful experience of racial prejudice in "The Learning Tree" (1969)”. These images differed from the earlier images of the negative portrayals of African Americans. The new representation of African Americans on film posters showed social, controversial figures, which created an inquisitive, yet uncomfortable society. By the 1960s, during the Civil Rights movement, the first African American Hollywood movie star, Sidney Poitier emerged. The inoffensive posters of his movies like, "Lilies of the Field" (1963), depicted him as a protector over others and harmless individual. Thereafter, society became more accepting to non-violent, optimistic images of African Americans. 
During Spike Lee’s filmmaking career, topics such as race and sex were presented provocatively in poster art. He wanted the posters to be as racy as his films. He hired graphic artists, like Art Sims who specialized in specifically marketing black films. He created controversial posters, like the film poster of "Jungle Fever", a movie about an interracial love affair. The first version of the film poster had the actresses, Wesley Snipes and Annabella Sciorra sucking each other’s fingers. This image was rejected because it was seen as too sexual and was replaced by the image of the couple interlocking fingers while holding hands. Another Lee film, "Bamboozled" was promoted with a poster of a graphical satire. When the film released in 2000, the advertising was thought of as too offensive and was turned away by many newspapers like the New York Times. Ironically, the film itself exposes and retells the history of African American treatment and portrayal in American entertainment. 
“Film posters illustrate the artistic and thematic range of racial representation in the American film industry. They present a history that is preserved and partially documented by a clash of art and commerce. As such, these posters are imbued with a broad array of social meanings that continue to engage us”.
Action/ Crime.
The 1970s era began with a revolutionary representation of African Americans. Beginning with Melvin Van Peeble’s film "Sweet Sweetback’s Baadasssss Song" (1971) where a black man fights back against racial injustice, Hollywood began showing powerful black men as heroes in action films. The Flying Ace (1926) claimed the title as the “greatest airline thriller ever filmed”. It inspired many African American aviators to fly and form aviation clubs. "Odds Against Tomorrow" (1959) is noted as one of the last film noirs and was directed by Robert Wise. It is one of the first films to address white racism towards African Americans. Regardless, some black action films also created controversy because they were based on negative stereotypical representations of African Americans. African American actors were primarily directed by whites, therefore their character usually acted or appeared in a way in which whites viewed African Americans. 
Comedy.
Comedy has been both helpful in advancing the careers of African Americans as well as harmful by mocking their demeanor or appearance. In the American tradition of minstrelsy white men colored their faces and falsely portrayed African American culture. “Black people and black life was the joke”. The white stage performers suggested their superiority over African Americans by using minstrel shows as a daily mockery to their former position in society. Even the representation of African American children as pickaninnies became the humor for white audiences. Because of the subjugation of African Americans through comic films, comedy became an extremely sensitive topic, especially for independent race films intended for black audiences. There was much confusion on how to provide a comic performance for the audience while not ridiculing the African American race. In the 1930s African American film directors produced comedy films of the same context, however. They mocked African Americans and because of this their black audiences diminished. Frustrated, race filmmakers sought to create a more complex character for African Americans and wanted to positively portray African American culture. Comedy films became the way African Americans entered into the movie industry, even though their beginning performances were degrading. Yet, some African Americans overshadowed and outperformed white actors, showing new talent on stage. The early independent black comedy films that were popular amongst African Americans told stories about black life and culture, revealing the aptitude of black comedians. In the late 1900s, black comedies thrived and became especially popular. Bill Cosby and Sidney Poitier became a comic duo in "Uptown Saturday Night" (1974), attracting black audiences from various areas. (1979) starring Richard Pryor, who became the most African American popular comedian in Hollywood, changed the industry. He set the path for other African American comedians like modern day Eddie Murphy, The Wayans Brothers, Martin Lawrence, Chris Rock, Chris Tucker, and Bernie Mac. 
Documentary.
Only recently in the late 1900s did the topic of African American life in the United States become a topic of interest to society. Documentary films gave African Americans a chance to voice their opinions about the injustices they felt. These films also showed detailed insight to African American lives that were not known to society. William Greaves became a famous filmmaker after his television documentary on the lives of African Americans in the United States, called "Black Journal". His other documentaries on prominent figures like Booker T. Washington and Malcolm X show how documentaries serve as a historical source. Greaves’ intention was to capture the struggles and triumphs of African Americans in a realistic technique. His view filled a void that was missing in Hollywood’s representation of African Americans. He concentrated on issues specific to African American communities like gender differences, racial hierarchies, and family relationships. Documentaries were used as a powerful method to portray African Americans as complex individuals, explaining significant events in their lives.
Drama.
The “separate cinema” of race films directed for black audiences used the drama genre to combat the popular, accepted view of African Americans. The Lincoln Motion Picture Company, established in 1915, was the first black film company to produce films that showed positive qualities in their illustration of African American lives. African American filmmakers used dramatic works to uplift black morale, inspire African Americans and represent black life in an encouraging way. In earlier dramatic films in Hollywood, African American characters would commonly be seen as being disposable to whites. They would either have to sacrifice their lives or their families for the triumph or success of whites. The underlying message told by Hollywood was the importance and dominance of white life over the lives of African Americans. However, in the 1900s independent films like "Daughters of the Dust" (1991), "Beloved" (1998), and "Bamboozled" (2000) showed the history of African Americans in the United States, the challenges they faced, and the benefits they gained from overcoming racial injustice. These films exemplify how dramatic films can be used as an instrument for African Americans to envision and hope for a better and improved future. 
Musical.
“Several cultural critics claim that, in U.S culture, music is one of few arenas within blacks are allowed greatness. This phenomenon is clearly evident in the inception of the all-black cast musical in the Hollywood film tradition, in musicals in race films from the late 1920s and 1930s, and in contemporary culture”. The earliest sound films, "Hearts if Dixie" (1929) and "Hallelujah!" (1929) allowed African Americans to perform and showcase their said “natural abilities” for song and dance. Rather than the earlier Hollywood musicals where whites put on a blackface, these musicals consisted of all black casts performing black roles. Hollywood studios constructed all black cast musicals designed for white audiences. Even though these films confirmed society’s belief of the Negro as the bottom of the social hierarchy, musicals gave African Americans an opportunity to add to the limited role of “blackness” labeled by whites. 
In Hollywood musicals, African Americans were prominently used for the amusement of whites. Including all black cast musicals, Hollywood’s musicals were intended for white audiences. Contrasting the “separate cinema”, where race films were shown to black audiences throughout the South. These films developed a narrative that demonstrated the strengths of African American performers. These race films also provided African Americans with the opportunity to play lead roles rather than the limited Hollywood roles of servants, maids, or clowns. The existence of the musical genre in both Hollywood and race films generated a segregated society. This segregation allowed society to witness the discrepancies between both sources of entertainment, Hollywood and independent race filmmakers. 
Mystery/ Thriller.
“Mystery/ Thriller films allowed both black- and white- owned race film production companies the opportunity to showcase a wide range of black characters in roles such as doctors, attorneys, judges, bankers, and policemen, depictions that went against the grain of the limited roles mainstream Hollywood films afforded black characters”. Black characters were able to transform their mediocre roles as a “spooked servant” into central elements of the film. For instance, in the 1940s Stepin Fetchit and Mantan Moreland played unforgettable roles in the Charlie Chan mysteries, and their characters even become more popular than Charlie Chan himself. Contemporary mystery/thriller films cast African American like Eddie Murphy, Morgan Freeman, and Denzel Washington in leading roles. 
Western.
During the early 1900s Western movies became the most popular genre in Hollywood. Herbert Jeffrey noticed the interest and appeal of the white singing cowboys on screen and the lack of African Americans that were cast in that role. Even though, about one third of all cowboys that settled in the West were in fact African Americans. These cowboys escaped slavery and were often offered save houses with various Indian tribes. Consequently after Herbert Jeffrey’s hard work, the first black cowboy, Jeff Kincaid, made his first appearance on film in "Harlem on the Prairie" (1937). Despite the segregation laws set in place, "Harlem on the Prairie" was nationally distributed to both black and white theatres across the country. The success of the film inspired many similar films and bettered the view of African Americans to society. For instance, following, the film "The Bronze Buckaroo" (1939), the first black western full-length musical, the African American cowboy acts as the lead hero, saving the damsel in distress and then slowly rides off into the sunset. 
Blaxploitation.
“An examination of Black action films produced both independently by African Americans and by major Hollywood studios during the Black film explosion of the 1960s and 1970s raises important questions about the African American film experience of visuality and identity formation, and the ways in which the look and the gaze of the African American are inextricably linked to a culture of oppression”. Experts claimed that films could link the fantasies of youth with the visual depiction on film because the lack of nationalistic culture in society. The African American audience often had trouble separating their existence from the visual imagination shown by Hollywood’s films. Adult audiences and mature adolescents from middle-class families could view films in the fictional context indented. They, coming from a comfortable home with fulfillment of their needs, regarded films as merely fiction. Contrasting poor African Americans who were susceptible to idolize Hollywood films. The low- income adolescents who did not have a comfortable lifestyle or positive role- models viewed fictional films as reality. Discussions of the Blaxploitation films include, “assumptions about the relation of an African American spectatorship to Hollywood in general often rely on the notion that Black spectatorship is either degraded, infantile, or polluted by the outside forces to which it is subjugated”. Blaxploitation films provided a counter narrative to the idea of white supremacy and the traditional portrayals of African Americans in the Hollywood cinema. The Blaxploitation narrative of “ghetto despair” illustrated African American’s response to the Black Power era. In addition, Blaxploitation films provided and developed the concept of masculinity, which was lacking in Hollywood films. Hollywood films had wide- ranging view of males from “the placid, asexual Sidney Poitier model to the plantation Sambo or the comical Steppin Fetchit”. Blaxploitation films depiction of the destructive inner- city lives of African Americans and the hyper masculine male character both countered and enforced the growing urban African American criminality of the 1960s. The release of the movie "Shaft" (1971) featured an African American detective who used his Harlem street smarts to help him win a war wagged against a street mob. The director, Gordon Parks characterized an African American as the lead, authoritative role. He also employed many African Americans to help with the film, giving them positions from the screenwriter to casting them as extras in the film. The inclusion of African Americans in the film and during the filmmaking process added a more realistic urban feel. Including African American in filmmaking made a notable impact and set the precedent for future directors. The genre of Blaxploitation affected Hollywood’s vision of African Americans as well as the existing political hierarchy in which they were placed in the United States. The increase in Blaxploitation films generally established and defined African Americans in the post-civil rights ear in the United States. 
By creating the Blaxploitation genre, new representations of Black Power could be shown to audiences. Since the majority of African American movie-viewers were adolescents, it was determined that horror and action movies sold best to these “ethnic” audiences. Between 1966 and 1975 around seventy Black action films were made either by Hollywood studios or first-time African American production companies. These actions films varied in quality. They ranged from creative narratives to low-budget films. Since during the 1960s and 1970s African Americans first came to become the focus of mainstream entertainment, the creation of the Blaxploitation era formed a visual tradition to refute the stereotypical stigma of African Americans established from history. These films also revealed the limitations and lack of opportunities African Americans were given in society during the period following segregation. 
However, critics like Clayton Riley from the New York Times argued that Blaxploitation films provided an overly simplistic view of African Americans, which could have had detrimental effects, potentially making African Americans more submissive to societal injustice.
See also.
African-American culture
Bibliography.
Kisch, John, and Edward Mapp. A Separate Cinema: Fifty Years of Black-cast Posters. New York: Farrar, Straus, and Giroux, 1992. Print.
Locke, Brian. Racial Stigma on the Hollywood Screen from World War II to the Present the Orientalist Buddy Film. New York, NY: Palgrave Macmillan, 2009. Print.
McCluskey, Audrey T. Imaging Blackness: Race and Racial Representation in Film Poster Art. Bloomington: Indiana UP, 2007. Print.
Ongiri, Amy Abugo. Spectacular Blackness: the Cultural Politics of the Black Power Movement and the Search for a Black Aesthetic. Charlottesville: University of Virginia, 2010. Print.

</doc>
<doc id="31161757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161757" title="The Show Must Go On (play)">
The Show Must Go On (play)

The Show Must Go On, a play by Kōki Mitani, written in 1991 for his theatre group Tokyo Sunshine Boys. It was so popular in Japan that it brought media fame to the entire company and gained its star actor Masahiko Nishimura an award for Best Actor, in that year's Japanese Theatre Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="31161766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161766" title="Inquilabi Communist Sangathan">
Inquilabi Communist Sangathan

Inquilabi Communist Sangathan was a Trotskyist organisation in India. Formed through the merger of the Communist League and the Bolshevik Leninist Group, it was set up in 1984. In the early years it had state units and members in ten provinces of India, and significant mass work. From the 1990s, there was a decline, partly because many of its members were unable to do serious team work; and partly because the dogmatic style of Magan Desai, a powerful figure in the strongest state unit, Gujarat, clashed with other members who wanted a more open and non-sectarian functioning. In addition, many ex-Stalinist and ex-Maoists were recruited, and one faction in West Bengal showed that they had simply replaced the Stalin-Mao cult by the Trotsky cult. By the end of the 1990s, the ICS was a much shrunken organisation. The final crisis came after the Gujarat carnage of 2002, when a faction around Desai attacked the most well-known anti-communal and civil rights activist members of the party as self-seeking individuals. The Conference of 2003 saw Gujarat, led by Desai, rejecting a delegate session, so it was unclear how many members were actually in ICS. The West Bengal unit, along with several Gujarat members, left. It is uncertain whether Desai had an actual majority with him, but he continued to call his rump organisation ICS. Their last public activity was a hostile intervention into the World Social Forum of Mumbai 2004. Those who had split subsequently set up an organisation, Radical Socialist.
Origins.
In the early 1980s, there were two Trotskyist organisations affirming support to the USFI, its official section Communist League, successor to the Socialist Workers Party, and the Bolshevik-Leninist Group. The BLG was formed by former CL members, along with some Trotskyists recruited in Britain or the US who had returned to India. Participation in the Bombay textile strike drew the groups closer, and also subjected them to public scrutiny regarding why two distinct groups existed. In 1982, the CL held a Conference in Santipur, West Bengal, which saw it revive from the crisis that had been caused by the split and individual exits between 1975 to 1979. Between 1982 and 1984 there were joint activities between the CL and the BLG, which resulted in the formation of the Inquilabi Communist Sangathan at a conference in Bombay in 1984.
The Early Years.
The united organisation decided not to have a General Secretary, and instead elected a Central Committee and a smaller Central Secretariat. Important leaders included Achin Vanaik, Magan Desai, Thakore Shah, Amar Jesani, Vibhuti Patel, Somendra Kumar, Jagabandhu Chattopadhyay and Kunal Chattopadhyay. Vanaik edited Marxist Outlook, Kumar edited the Hindi Majdoor Jang, and Kunal Chattopadhyay edited the Bangla Naya Antarjatik.
Between 1985 and the beginning of the 1990s, the ICS had units in Gujarat, Maharashtra, Kerala, West Bengal, UP, Bihar, Madhya Pradesh, and members at large in Tamil Nadu, Jammu and Kashmir, Delhi, etc. It was involved in considerable trade union work, in political campaigns around reservations, in anti-communal activities, and in the women's movements.
The crucial political documents adopted by the ICS in the early period were The Rajiv Era, an early appraisal of the changing strategy of Indian capitalism and its willingness to open up the economy, and a major attempt to analyse the necessity of affirmative action beyond Dalits. Another document was on the changing nature of communalism and communal violence, which argued that communalism was moving from the fringes to the centre of Indian politics. A major organisational document dealt with the relationship between party, responsibility of members, and of mass organisations.
Crisis in the 1990s.
During the 1990s the ICS declined. A number of factors were involved. The ICS had talented activists, who however often could not work as a team. Secondly, two styles of work repeatedly clashed—one led by Magan Desai, for whom party work meant taking "basic" Trotskyist ideas and texts and formulae into every struggle, and others like Vanaik, Rohit Prajapati, and others, for whom mass movement participation was crucial. Third, the recruitment of a significant number of ex-Maoists in West Bengal resulted in a Mao-Stalinist political culture being imported into the organisation. By the late 1990s, Patel, Jesani, Vanaik, had all left the organisation, the ex-Maoists had split to form a formally orthodox Trotskyist group that denounced the USFI.
The Gujarat Communalist Carnage, the ICS Resistance, and the Final Split.
In 2002, the ICS played a tremendous role in campaigns over the Gujarat communal massacres. But this in turn intensified conflicts, with one wing arguing that communalism was reducible to an economic determinist analysis, and also arguing that the other side, in campaigning for secularism, had been projecting individuals rather than the party. Thus, in 2002, the ICS brought out the first major book documenting the Gujarat violence anywhere in India (The Genocidal Pogrom in Gujarat: Anatomy of Indian Fascism), and Prajapati and Trupti Shah in Vadodara played key roles in PUCL's documentation of the violence in Gujarat. Yet by the end of 2002 Prajapati had resigned from the ICS. Another factor in this conflict was a debate over the relationship between environmental struggles and class struggle. The 2003 ICS conference in Vadodara saw the entire West Bengal delegation walking out, along with Trupti Shah. What was left of the ICS was confined to Vadodara. The last major public activity of the ICS was its opposition to the World Social Forum 2004 and support for the mainly Naxalite-backed Mumbai Resistance, for which it brought out a major leaflet.
The West Bengal based Trotskyists who had left ICS in 2003 regrouped in 2008 to form Radical Socialist. This organisation brings out a Bengali journal Radical, and has a website www.radicalsocialist.in. Its members are active in forest rights struggles, trade union struggles, women's movements, and student-youth work. Praapati, Shah, and a few other Gujarat members are also associated with Radical Socialist.

</doc>
<doc id="31161772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161772" title="List of football stadiums in Morocco">
List of football stadiums in Morocco

The following is a list of football stadiums in Morocco, ordered by capacity.

</doc>
<doc id="31161774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161774" title="Peter Stokes">
Peter Stokes

Peter Stokes (died 1399) was an English Carmelite friar, known as an opponent of the teachings of John Wyclif.
Life.
Stokes became a Carmelite at Hitchin, Hertfordshire. Later at the University of Oxford, he graduated there as doctor of divinity, by 1382. 
During the religious troubles in that year of 1382, Stokes acted as the representative of Archbishop William Courtenay in the university. During Lent he had made an ineffectual complaint against Nicholas of Hereford; and in May he had a statement of Hereford's heresies drawn up by notaries. On 28 May the archbishop sent him a list of twenty-four heresies extracted from Wyclif's writings, and directed him to publish it in the university. Robert Rygge, the chancellor, opposed Stokes in the matter, and on 5 June, when Philip Repington preached at the Priory of St Frideswide, Stokes was prevented from publication by the implied threat of violence. On 10 June Stokes took up a position against Repington, but on the following day left Oxford at the summons of the archbishop. He had already reported what had happened in a letter to Courtenay on 6 June, and was now present in the council on 12 June, when Rygge was condemned. The royal letter of 13 July specially forbade Rygge to molest Stokes further. 
Stokes, however, appears to have withdrawn from Oxford; he was in Hitchin, when he died on 18 July 1399. 
Works.
Stokes is credited with "quæstiones", "conclusiones", and "lecturæ". He also wrote a work in defence of William Ockham, and ‘Præconia Sacræ Scripturæ.’ But the only one of Stokes's writings which seems to have survived is his letter to Archbishop Courtenay on 6 June 1382; it is printed in "Fasciculi Zizaniorum".

</doc>
<doc id="31161776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161776" title="Traverse (climbing)">
Traverse (climbing)

A traverse is a lateral move or route when climbing; going mainly sideways rather than up or down. Traversing a climbing wall is a good warm-up exercise.
When moving laterally, the technique of "crossing through" is more efficient than shuffling. In this, the limbs are crossed so that the moves are longer and more fluid. The longer extension requires coordination between the hands and the feet to avoid over-extension of the upper or lower part of the body.
If two climbers are roped together for protection, the leader should secure the rope both before and after a difficult move when traversing. This enables the following climber to remove the anchorage before making the difficult move while still having good security from the anchor point which was placed after the move. 

</doc>
<doc id="31161795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161795" title="Calamagrostis eminens">
Calamagrostis eminens

Calamagrostis eminens is a grass species in the genus "Calamagrostis".

</doc>
<doc id="31161800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161800" title="David Gobejishvili">
David Gobejishvili

David Gobejishvili (; born 3 January 1963) is a former Soviet (Georgian) wrestler and Olympic champion in Freestyle wrestling.

</doc>
<doc id="31161806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161806" title="Anders Grøndal">
Anders Grøndal

Anders Grøndal (born 4 March 1984) is a Norwegian rally and hill climb driver. His co-driver is Trond Svendsen.
He has so far won:
5 Norwegian championship gold, 3 Norwegian championship silver, 2 Norwegian championship bronze
Anders Grøndal is the third generation rally driver in his family. He grew up with motorsport. His grandfather Nils Fredrik Grøndal and father Stein Grøndal were active rally and rally cross drivers. His uncle Knut Fredrik Grøndal was also a Norwegian hill climb champion.
2002.
In 2002 Anders and the team visited former works driver John Hauglands Rally School to see what the level was in which they could compete. After doing several test and John Haugland recognizing the potential Anders has, the team decided to buy a Subaru Impreza STi and aim to reach to top of Group N within 3 years, starting in the 2003 season.
2003.
The first year of rally for Bilbutikken WRT (Subaru jr Team) with a Subaru Impreza STi built by Rune Dalsjø Rally Team. Henning Elvekrok was the team’s first co-driver. Anders and Henning won their first Group N victory in Rally Sørland 2003. During the season Subaru Norway already had Morten Østberg in WRC as their senior team and wanted a young team in their Gr.N Subaru. Henning Elvekrok was therefore replaced with younger co-driver Trond Inge Østbye in the middle of the season. Anders took his first championship points in Aurskog Høland Rally 2003.
The team ended the season third in the Subaru Cup.
2004.
For the 2004 season Bilbutikken WRT (Subaru jr team in 2004) bough their first brand new Subaru Rally car from Prodrive. The N9 car proved to be much quicker than the Norwegian build 2001 car the team used in 2003. Anders and Trond Inge won their first overall victory in a non-championship rally called Eidskogsprinten. They also achieved their first fastest stage time in a championship round. 
In 2004 Anders and Trond Inge also did their first WRC round in Sweden.
2005.
In 2005 the team got the Subaru Impreza N11 2005 Group N car. It was the first N11 to be build and the car therefor experienced a lot of problems, so the team had to fall back to the N9 car in the beginning of the season. During the season the problems with the N11 car were fixed and Anders achieved his goal of winning a championship round in three 3 years when he won the 2005 Rally Hedemarken. In 2005 they also competed in a few hill climb races achieving a silver medal in the championship.
2006.
The team got the Subaru Impreza WRC 2004 SWRT that Petter Solberg used in Monte Carlo and Swedish rally 2005 (WT53 SRT) the car was re-registered to KF81149 when it got to Norway. The team had the best start to the season with overall win in the first Norwegian rally championship round in Mountain Rally. This was Anders and Trond Inge's first overall win in the Norwegian championship! The next event was the trial event for WRC Rally Norway. A third place overall in the rally was a good result for the team. The team was in the fight for the title for most of the season, but the young team was to eager and crashed in the final rallies and ended at a disappointing 5th overall.
2007.
The 2007 season gave the team 10 total victories. And a podium finish in every other rally they finished. Overall in the Norwegian championship Anders ended up third behind Mads Østberg and Thomas Schie.
This was the first year Anders did the full hill climb season. It was a great season where Anders set hill records in all but one hill. Here he won its first Norwegian championship gold medal.
This was the last year Trond Inge Østbye was co-driving for the team. He was replaced mid-season by earlier Norwegian champion for co-drivers Ragnar Engen and X jr world champion Jonas Anderson.
2008.
In the 2008 season Anders crashed his Subaru Impreza WRC in a hill climb rally. The team therefor had to borrow a car from another driver, that car failed with an engine problem in Aurskog, ending all hopes for a championship title.
2009.
Anders wasn't very lucky in the 2009 rally season, in the first rally they had to retire on the second stage after a miscommunication with the co-driver. At the second rally the first teams on the track were challenged by a snow blizzard, slowing them down. The 2009 rally season was ended with a 4th position overall. In the hill climb competition the team had more luck and won all races and ended with the golden medal. Another good victory was the golden medal in the WRC tarmac cup.
2010.
A good season for Anders when looking at the results: Norwegian champion in Rally and Hill climb, driving 4 PWRC rounds and winning the PWRC stage on tarmac in France.
On a personal level Anders was less lucky when he broke his back during the rally of Stavanger, after he recovered he was 1.5 cm shorter!
This was the worst crash in Anders rally career.
2011.
Again a great hill climb season, Norwegian champion hill climb winning all events, won all the heats in every event for third year in a row and is unbeaten in 46 heats in a row. 
Silver in the Norwegian Rally championship, won three events (Sigdalsrally, Rally Hadeland and Aurskog Høland.
Leading PWRC events for the first time in Sweden and Portugal. Won 8 out of 11 stages in Sweden before retired with engine fail.

</doc>
<doc id="31161820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161820" title="Sejuta Cinta Marshanda">
Sejuta Cinta Marshanda

A Million Love Marshanda is a drama of the main actors in Indonesia including Marshanda, Baim Wong, Ashraf Sinclair, Ben Kasyafani, Ibnu Jamil, Puteri Patricia, Wilda Hamid, Anwar, Meriam Bellina and Annie.
Synopsis.
Marshanda (Marshanda), a pretty girl with a passion, optimism, and plain hard work that is being affected by feelings of happiness. DELVIN (Baim Wong), a man who for the past 6 years with a boyfriend introduced her to his mother, Farah Vicky Burki), which have not been blessed their relationship.
They met during the presentation Delvin, Delvin where the best graduates, and soon will inherit a hotel that is designed Farah. But the meeting was not as beautiful as the shadow Marshanda, as Farah does not want his son to marry a woman 'poor'. Farah was threatening Marshanda.
Indeed, Farah always find the right match for Delvin, Delvin because he expects his hotel can arrange to share with family Ben (Ben Kasyafani). But again, Delvin persuaded to become more familiar Marshanda Farah and her family. Farah was then asked to invite Marshanda Delvin and his mother, Asri (Lulu Kurnia), to the house.
However, when meeting with prospective besannya, beautiful mother is very surprised that Ms Farah was none other than former best friend, who somehow went abstained. Farah even more hated after Marshanda know that beautiful is her mother. Farah still have the revenge of the past that causes them to drop persahabat. Farah asked Asri to keep Marshanda from Delvin or she threatened to tell the story of the past is not known Marshanda. Asri has a very serious problem, and he asked him to stay away from Delvin Marshanda immediately.
Marshanda confused and reluctant to obey the wishes of his mother, although she is very loving Delvin. Delvin can not do anything, because at the same time Farah suddenly taken ill because of too much sedative.
Sincere love and Delvin Marshanda tested with many events that seem to really have to separate them. Delvin started to divert its attention to other girls, Merry (Sofie Alice Norin), a friend to Marshanda and Delvin, who in trying to secretly seize the Marshanda Delvin. While beauty, goodness and rigidity Marshanda also invite the attention of Ben. Then came Abel (Ashraf Sinclair), which although initially did not care because Marshanda always meet in a chance that one, but eventually it began to Marshanda.

</doc>
<doc id="31161826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161826" title="José Mingorance">
José Mingorance

José Mingorance Chimeno (born 10 April 1938 in Castro de Sanabria, Cobreros, Zamora), is a retired Spanish footballer, who played as a defender.

</doc>
<doc id="31161833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161833" title="Jacob Awad">
Jacob Awad

Jacob IV Awad (or Ya'qub Awwad, "Auwad", "Aouad", , ) was the Maronite Patriarch of Antioch from 1705 to his death in 1733.
Life.
Jacob Awad was born in Hasroun, Lebanon. He studied in Rome for thirteen years, and at his return in Lebanon he served as secretary of Patriarch Estephan El Douaihy, who consecrated him bishop of Tripoli in 1698. Jacob Awad was elected patriarch on November 6, 1705 by the bishops met in the patriarchal residence of the Qannubin Monastery in Kadisha Valley. His election was confirmed by Pope Clement XI on February 21, 1706, and he received the pallium on February 8, 1708.
The election of Jacob Awad as patriarch was opposed by a number of bishops, who in the next years built a fierce opposition to him, spreading rumors about inadmissible behavior of the Patriarch in his residence of the Qannubin Monastery. These rumors turned into a large scandal, and finally the bishops, advised by some Latin missionaries, in particular by the Carmelite Elias Giacinto, sent for Jacob Awad and summoned a brief trial in the church of Saint Serge and Bacchus in Rayfoun. Here, on May 1710, Jacob Awad was declared guilty and deposed. In his place the bishop of Saida, Youssef Moubarak Al Rayfouni, was elected patriarch, and Awad was confined in the monastery of Our Lady of Louiaze. However, to fully enforce the decisions taken, it was necessary to obtain the approval of Pope; with this aim the opponents of Awad sent Georges Benjamin bishop of Ehden to Rome. On December 16, 1710 in Rome, contrary to Benjamin's hopes, the Congregation for the Propagation of the Faith ruled in favor of Awad.
Thus the Custodian of the Holy Land Fra Laurent de Saint-Laurent was sent to Rayfoun, where Youssef Moubarak lived, to restore Awad to the patriarchal see. On August 13, 1711 Jacob Awad was formally reinstated as Patriarch, but during the ceremony he presented his resignation, probably a way to conciliate the decree of Rome with his opponents' will. Youssef Moubarak was so elected Patriarch for the second time. The resignation was examined in Rome by the Congregation for the Propagation of the Faith on February 15, 1712, and they decided to start a trial which lasted till May 8, 1713. The final verdict was to reject Awad's resignation, to reinstall him as Patriarch and to condemn the Carmelite Elias Giacinto who was considered the origin of the false rumors. These decisions were easily implemented in Lebanon also because of the death, on September 8, 1713, of the anti-patriarch Youssef Moubarak; thus on January 1714 Jacob Awad returned to the patriarchal residence of the Qannubin Monastery.
Jacob Awad during his patriarchate helped many Catholic Melkites during the persecutions by the Orthodox party after the schism of 1724. He died on February 12, 1733.

</doc>
<doc id="31161852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161852" title="Alegria National High School">
Alegria National High School

Alegria National High School (ANHS) is an academic institution in Surigao del Norte. It is located at Barangay Don Julio Ouano, Alegria, Surigao del Norte. The ANHS established in 1966 which begun as Barangay High School. It became Municipal High School in year 1980’s and later became a National High School in 1990’s.

</doc>
<doc id="31161854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161854" title="Aleksandr Marchenko">
Aleksandr Marchenko

Aleksandr Marchenko may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31161860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161860" title="William Odenheimer">
William Odenheimer

William Henry Odenheimer (August 11, 1817–August 14, 1879) was the third Episcopal Bishop of New Jersey and the first of Northern New Jersey.
Early life.
Odenheimer was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in 1817, the son of John W. Odenheimer and Henrietta Burns Odenheimer. He attended the University of Pennsylvania, graduating in 1835. He next attended the General Theological Seminary, graduating in 1838. In 1839, Odenheimer married Anne Randall Shaw. They would have eleven children but only two, Anne and Margaret, would live to adulthood.
Odenheimer was ordained deacon three years later, in 1838 by Bishop Henry U. Onderdonk, and was ordained priest by the same bishop in 1841. After his ordination to the priesthood, he served as rector of St. Peter's Church in Philadelphia, remaining at the parish from his ordination until his elevation to the episcopate. While there, Odenheimer received a doctorate of divinity from the University of Pennsylvania. He also published several books, including "The True Catholic No Romanist," (1842) about the Oxford Movement, and "Essay on Canon Law" (1847). Odenheimer was a strong supporter of the Oxford Movement and changed the organization of St. Peter's to reflect that preference. His theological beliefs were out of step with the rising anti-Catholicism of Philadelphia in the 1840s, but Odenheimer sought to steer a middle course between the extremes of Catholicism and Protestantism.
Bishop of New Jersey.
Odenheimer was consecrated the third Bishop of New Jersey in 1859. He was the 66th bishop in the ECUSA, and was consecrated in St. Paul's Church, Richmond, Virginia by Bishops William Meade, Samuel Allen McCoskry, and William Rollinson Whittingham, along with other co-consecrators. While bishop, Odenheimer received an additional degree, a doctor of canon law from the University of Oxford, in 1867. During the first fifteen years of his episcopate he confirmed nearly 16,000 people, and the number reached 20,000 before his death. He visited the parishes of his diocese often until 1866, when injuries from a fall broke his kneecaps and forced him to curtail his travels. As his diocese grew, church authorities found it necessary to divide it into northern and southern portions in 1874, with Odenheimer continuing as bishop of the northern diocese, later renamed the Diocese of Newark. He was succeeded as diocesan bishop for New Jersey by John Scarborough.
He died in 1879 in Burlington, New Jersey, and was buried at St. Mary's Episcopal Church in that town.

</doc>
<doc id="31161881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161881" title="Czech Connect Airlines">
Czech Connect Airlines

Czech Connect Airlines was an airline based in Ostrava, Czech Republic. Its main base was Brno-Tuřany Airport.
History.
Czech Connect Airlines operated scheduled flights to Russia and CIS; and charter flights for travel agencies to various popular summer destinations. Selected flights also offered available tickets for individual travellers.
In January 2012 the company announced bankruptcy and stopped its activities.
Fleet.
The Czech Connect Airlines fleet includes the following aircraft ():

</doc>
<doc id="31161884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161884" title="Pierre Girard">
Pierre Girard

Pierre Girard may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31161888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161888" title="Vreme brutalnih dobronamernika">
Vreme brutalnih dobronamernika

Vreme brutalnih dobronamernika (trans. "Time of Brutal Well-Intentioned People") is a compilation album released in 2010, featuring 17 Serbian (mostly metal) bands, which recorded the songs on the lyrics written by Serbian poet Milan B. Popović.
The album cover was designed by graphic artist Jakša Vlahović. Vlahović is also a member of the band Abonos, which appeared on the compilation.

</doc>
<doc id="31161891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161891" title="Tadeusz Olsza">
Tadeusz Olsza

Tadeusz Olsza (1895–1975), born Tadeusz Blomberg, was a Polish film and stage actor, cabaret singer, dancer and director. From 1915 to 1917, he taught vocal classes at Warsaw Conservatory. Starting in 1921 he performed in such Warsaw cabarets and vaudevilles as "Stańczyk, Karuzela, Nietoperz (The Bat), Stara Banda, Qui Pro Quo, Perskie Oko, Morskie Oko, Nowości", and "Cyruliku Warszawskim". He was known for his parody of Felicjan Sławoj Składkowski, a Polish physician, general and politician.
He performed monologue, satires, revue sketches, vignettes and in musical theater; was also known as a great tango dancer, partnering Loda Halama and her sister Zizi in a hit musical review "Tysiąc pięknych dziewcząt (A thousand beautiful girls)" and performing with Stanisława Nowicka, "Queen of the Tango."
He began his film career in small roles in German films ("Mater Dolorosa" and "Jugendliebe"). In Poland his film appearances included "Uwiedziona, Krzyk w nocy, O czym się nie mówi, Głos Serca, Antek Policmajster, Jaśnie pan szofer", and "Jego wielka miłość".
Olsza worked in Polish Radio almost from its inception; some of his archived performances are still broadcast.
After the Nazi invasion of Poland he went to Bucharest, Romania, where he joined the group of Polish emigree theater artists. In 1941 he joined the Polish Army in France, then Scotland where he run the theatre for First Brigade of the Polish-Scottish Shooters (see Polish Army in the West).
After the war he returned to Poland where he performed in 1947, first in Cracow, then in Warsaw, as star of the first post-war Polish vaudeville (written by Julian Tuwim): Żołnierz królowej Madagaskaru (Soldier of The Queen Of Madagascar)"). In 1948 he played the stages of "Buffo" and "Syrena" theaters; he remained with "Syrena" until his retirement in 1971. In 1972 he left for London, to join hi wife.

</doc>
<doc id="31161896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161896" title="Quebec municipal referendums, 2004">
Quebec municipal referendums, 2004

The 2004 Quebec municipal referendums were held by the Quebec Liberal Party government of Jean Charest which came to power in the 2003 Quebec election, in fulfillment of a campaign promise to allow voters to have a say regarding the municipal reorganization program that had been undertaken by the preceding Parti Québécois administration.
From late 2000 to 2003, the PQ government had amalgamated (merged) many Quebec cities with their suburbs or neighbouring municipalities. This was imposed through legislation by the Quebec government rather than by the initiative of the municipalities themselves, and proved unpopular in some places, with residents wishing to de-merge from the newly expanded cities and reconstitute their former municipalities. The 2004 referendums were organized to provide an opportunity to vote on the matter.
Signing of registers.
As a first step, a minimum threshold of 10% of the population of a former municipality was required to sign a register in order for a referendum to be held. The registers were open from 16 to 20 May 2004. The results are shown below (those in bold were successful):
Referendums.
On June 20, 2004, referendums were scheduled in the following municipalities. To be unmerged, they had to obtain a more than 50% of the vote for "yes", representing at least 35% of the electors. Municipalities with those conditions are shown in bold. Municipalities obtaining only one of the two requirements are marked with an asterisk. *

</doc>
<doc id="31161922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161922" title="Terry Kraft">
Terry Kraft

Terry B. Kraft is a Rear Admiral of the United States Navy, currently commanding the U.S. Naval Forces Japan. He is a Naval Flight Officer whose previous commands include Electronic Attack Squadron 131 (VAQ-131), , and .
Education.
Kraft is a 1981 graduate of the United States Naval Academy; he earned a Master’s degree in Political Science from Auburn University and is a graduate of the Navy Nuclear Power School. He was a federal executive fellow at John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University (1999–2000).
Career.
Kraft 's sea duty tours include the following:
He also served as executive officer on . During those tours, he participated in Operations El Dorado Canyon, Desert Storm, Iraqi Freedom (OIF) and Enduring Freedom (OEF).
Kraft commanded Electronic Attack Squadron 131, Amphibious Transport Dock , the aircraft carrier , and the Enterprise Carrier Strike Group (CSG-12). He participated in both OIF and OEF during all four tours. He assumed command of Navy Warfare Development Command in October 2011.
Shore tours for Kraft have included duty in VA-128, Air Command and Staff College, Current Operations Directorate (J31), U.S. Pacific Command, and the John F. Kennedy School of Government, Cambridge, Massachusetts. After flag selection, he reported to the Pentagon, Chief of Naval Operations staff, first in N88 as head of Maritime Aviation, Unmanned Aerial Systems and Aviation Training Plans and Programs, then in N2/N6 as director, ISR Capabilities.
As of 2011, Kraft has over 3700 hours and 1000 carrier arrested landings in the A-6E, EA-6B and F/A-18F aircraft.
Awards and decorations.
As of 2011, Kraft is authorized to wear the Legion of Merit with three gold stars, Distinguished Flying Cross (with combat V), the Defense Meritorious Service Medal, the Meritorious Service Medal with two gold stars and multiple individual and strike-flight Air Medals.

</doc>
<doc id="31161924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161924" title="Koishikawa Ukiyo-e Art Museum">
Koishikawa Ukiyo-e Art Museum

The museum is about 2 minutes on foot from Kōrakuen Station, near the Bunkyo Civic Center. It is open　from 11:00 until 18:00, the entrance fee is 500 yen.

</doc>
<doc id="31161953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161953" title="Croton elegans">
Croton elegans

Croton elegans is a flowering plant species in the genus "Croton".

</doc>
<doc id="31161956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161956" title="Mount Mullen">
Mount Mullen

Mount Mullen is a double-peaked mountain east-southeast of Mount Milton in the south Sentinel Range of the Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica. Located at the west extremity of Petvar Heights, the mountain rises to an elevation of and together with Kasilag Pass forms the divide between Kornicker Glacier and Wessbecher Glacier.
The feature was named by US-ACAN in 2006, after Roy R. Mullen, a former employee of the USGS (1960–95, associate chief of the National Mapping Division with responsibility for Antarctic activities 1980–95, USGS representative to SCAR).
Maps.
October 20, 1951-Entered USGS NOT 1960-Primary Source

</doc>
<doc id="31161970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161970" title="Almelo–Salzbergen railway">
Almelo–Salzbergen railway

The Almelo–Salzbergen railway is an important Dutch and German 54 kilometre long railway line, that connects Almelo with Salzbergen, offering a rail link between the Netherlands and Germany.
History.
The railway was opened by the Spoorweg-Maatschappij Almelo-Salzbergen ("English: Almelo-Salzbergen railway company") on 18 October 1865, after construction had started in 1862. In Salzbergen the line connected with the Emsland Railway, which had opened in 1855.
The Dutch section of the line (Almelo - Oldenzaal) was electrified in 1951 and the remainder of the line was electrified in 1976.
From 2006 to 2009 the line through Almelo was the subject of a major project called Almelo Verdiept "Almelo Lowered", which moved the railway line through the centre of Almelo into a lowered embankment, with sections of tunnels.
Route.
The railway connects Almelo in a south easterly direction with Hengelo. Before Hengelo station the line from Zutphen railway station merges into the route. After the station the line to Enschede railway station branches out in a south easterly direction. From Hengelo the line heads north east towards the former border station of Oldenzaal and heads east across the border to Bad Bentheim. Here the electric current changes, which often results in a change from a Dutch to a German locomotive. At Bad Bentheim the private freight railway to Nordhorn and Coevorden branches out, heading north. The line continues through the countryside, until the line merges with the Emsland Railway from Emden before finishing at Salzbergen.
Main stations.
The main stations on the Almelo–Salzbergen railway are:
Train Services.
The Almelo–Salzbergen railway is used by the following passenger services:
Train Types.
A wide variety of trains can be found regularly on the Almelo–Salzbergen railway:
There are also large number of freight trains operating along the line.

</doc>
<doc id="31161972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161972" title="IEC 61400">
IEC 61400

IEC 61400 is a class of IEC international standards regarding wind turbines.
Purpose and function.
The 61400 is a set of design requirements made to ensure that wind turbines are appropriately engineered against damage from hazards within the planned lifetime. The standard concerns most aspects of the turbine life from site conditions before construction, to turbine components being tested, assembled and operated.
Wind turbines are capital intensive, and are usually purchased before they are being erected and commissioned.
Some of these standards provide technical conditions verifiable by an independent, third party, and as such are necessary in order to make business agreements so wind turbines can be financed and erected.
IEC started standardizing international certification on the subject in 1995, and the first standard appeared in 2001.
The common set of standards sometimes replace the various national standards, forming a basis for global certification.
Small wind turbines are defined as being of up to 200m2 swept area and a somewhat simplified IEC 61400-2 standard addresses these. It is also possible to use the IEC 61400-1 standard for turbines of less than 200m2 swept area.
Harmonization.
In the U.S., standards are intended to be compatible with IEC standards, and some parts of 61400 are required documentation.
The U.S. National Renewable Energy Laboratory participates in IEC standards development work, and tests equipment according to these standards. For U.S. offshore turbines however, more standards are needed, and the most important are :
In Canada, the previous national standards were outdated and impeded the wind industry, and they were updated and harmonized with 61400 by the Canadian Standards Association with several modifications.
For small wind turbines the global industry has been working towards harmonisation of certification requirements with a "test once, certify everywhere" objective. Considerable co-operation has been taking place between UK, USA, and more recently Japan, Denmark and other countries so that the IEC 61400-2 standard as interpreted within e.g. the MCS certification scheme (of UK origin) is interoperable with the USA (for example where it corresponds to an AWEA small wind turbine standard) and other countries.
Wind Turbine Generator (WTG) Classes ( IEC 61400-1 ed.2).
Wind turbines are designed for specific conditions. During the construction and design phase assumptions are made about the wind climate that the wind turbines will be exposed to. Turbine wind class is just one of the factors which need to consider during the complex process of planning a wind power plant. Wind classes determine which turbine is suitable for the normal wind conditions of a particular site. Turbine classes are determined by three parameters - the average wind speed, extreme 50-year gust, and turbulence.
Turbulence intensity quantifies how much the wind varies typically within 10 minutes. Because the fatigue loads of a number of major components in a wind turbine are mainly caused by turbulence, the knowledge of how turbulent a site is of crucial importance. Normally the wind speed increases with increasing height. In flat terrain the wind speed increases logarithmically with height. In complex terrain the wind profile is not a simple increase and additionally a separation of the flow might occur, leading to heavily increased turbulence.
The extreme wind speeds are based on the 3 second average wind speed. Turbulence is measured at 15 m/s wind speed. This is the definition in IEC 61400-1 edition 2.
For U.S. waters however, several hurricanes have already exceeded wind class Ia with speeds above 156 mph, and efforts are being made to provide suitable standards.
List of subclasses.
List compiled from a number of sources.

</doc>
<doc id="31161982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161982" title="Strategic alignment">
Strategic alignment

Strategic alignment is the process and the result of linking an organization's structure and resources with its strategy and business environment (regulatory, physical, etc.) Strategic alignment enables higher performance by optimizing the contributions of people, processes, and inputs to the realization of measurable objectives and, thus, minimizing waste and misdirection of effort and resources to unintended or unspecified purposes. In the modern, global business environment, strategic alignment should be viewed broadly as encompassing not only the human and other resources within any particular organization but also across organizations with complementary objectives (i.e., performance/business partners).
References.
United States Office of Personnel Management's overview of strategic alignment in the context of human capital management
ARMA International's discussion of strategic alignment in the context of records and information management, July/August 2007
Articles on strategic alignment provided by Resource Management Systems, Inc.
Strategy 101: It's All About Alignment, Forbes, October 16, 2012
Strategic alignment of business processes, E. D. Morrison, A. K. Ghose, H. K. Dam, K. G. Hinge, K. Hoesch-Klohe, University of Wollongong, December 5, 2011
The Case for Strategic Alignment, white paper by The Knowledge Compass, Inc. 
What is strategic alignment? definition and meaning, BusinessDictonary.com
What is Strategic Alignment?, Advance! Business Consulting
See also.
Strategy Markup Language (StratML), whose purposes include facilitating strategic alignment through the establishment of literal linkages among performance indicators and the strategic goals and objectives they support.
Environmental scanning
Competitiveness

</doc>
<doc id="31161994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161994" title="Calligonum elegans">
Calligonum elegans

Calligonum elegans is a plant species in the genus "Calligonum" native to Uzbekistan. 

</doc>
<doc id="31161996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161996" title="Robert Lloyd Patterson">
Robert Lloyd Patterson

Robert Lloyd Patterson (1836–1906) was an Irish naturalist and linen merchant.
He was the second son of Robert Patterson F.R.S.
In 1902, he was awarded a knighthood for services to the Belfast Chamber of Commerce.
Robert Lloyd Patterson wrote several zoological papers in the Irish Naturalist and the Report and Proceedings of the Belfast Natural History and Philosophical Society and a book titled "The Birds, Fishes and Cetacea of Belfast Lough" (1880).
On his death Robert Lloyd Patterson bequeathed his art collection to the Belfast Corporation. It is now in the Ulster Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="31161998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31161998" title="William Greenfield (disambiguation)">
William Greenfield (disambiguation)

William Greenfield was Lord Chancellor of England and Archbishop of York.
William Greenfield may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31162004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162004" title="Men's Low-Kick at WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade -51 kg">
Men's Low-Kick at WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade -51 kg

The men's light bantamweight (51 kg/112.2 lbs) Low-Kick category at the W.A.K.O. World Championships 2007 in Belgrade was the lightest of the male Low-Kick tournaments, involving twelve fighters from three continents (Europe, Asia and Africa). Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under Low-Kick rules. 
Due to there being too few competitors for a tournament that was meant for sixteen, four fighters had a bye through to the quarter finals. The tournament gold medalist was Azerbaijan's Zaur Mammadov who beat Italian Ivan Sciolla in the final by way of split decision. As a result of reaching the semi finals, defeated fighters Kyrgyzstan's Utkin Hudoyanov and Bulgarian Aleksandar Aleksandrov were rewarded with bronze medals.

</doc>
<doc id="31162007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162007" title="William Greenfield (philologist)">
William Greenfield (philologist)

William Greenfield (1 April 1799 – 5 November 1831) was an English philologist.
Greenfield was born in London on 1 April 1799. His father, William Greenfield, a native of Haddington, attended Well Street Chapel, London, then under the ministry of Alexander Waugh. He joined a missionary voyage in the ship "Duff", and was accidentally drowned when his son was two years old. In the spring of 1802 Greenfield was taken by his mother to Jedburgh. In the summer of 1810 they returned to London, and Greenfield resided for some time with his two maternal uncles, who gave him instruction. They were men of business who studied languages in order to understand learned quotations, and they taught him. 
In October 1812 Greenfield was apprenticed to a bookbinder named Rennie. A Jew employed in his master's house, and a reader of the law in the synagogue, taught him Hebrew gratuitously. At sixteen Greenfield began to teach in the Fitzroy Sabbath School, of which his master was a conductor. At seventeen he became a member of Well Street Chapel, and a close friend of the minister, Dr. Waugh.
In 1824 he left business to devote himself to languages and biblical criticism. In 1827 he published "The Comprehensive Bible … with … a general introduction … Notes," &c. The book, though fiercely attacked as heterodox by the 'Record' and a Dr. Henderson, became very popular, especially among Unitarians. An abridgment was afterwards published as "The Pillar of Divine Truth immoveably fixed on the foundation of the Apostles and Prophets. … The whole of the arguments and illustrations drawn from the pages of the Comprehensive Bible, by …"Greenfield, 8vo,London, 1831. Greenfield's valuable "Defence of the Serampore Mahratta Version of the New Testament" (in reply to the "Asiatic Journal" for September, 1829), 8vo, London, 1830, commended him to the notice of the British and Foreign Bible Society, by whom he was engaged, about April of that year, as superintendent of the editorial department. He had no previous knowledge of the Mahratta and other languages referred to in the pamphlet, which, it is said, was written within five weeks of his taking up the subject. He followed it up by "A Defence of the Surinam Negro-English Version of the New Testament …," 1830 (in reply to the "Edinburgh Christian Instructor").
While nineteen months in the society's service Greenfield wrote upon twelve European, five Asiatic, one African, and three American languages; and acquired considerable knowledge of Peruvian, Negro-English, Chippeway, and Berber. His last undertaking for the society was the revision of the "Modern Greek Psalter" as it went through the press. He also projected a grammar in thirty languages, but in the midst of his labours he was struck down by brain fever, dying at Islington on 5 November 1831. He left a widow and five children, on whose behalf a subscription was opened His portrait by Hayter was engraved by Holl. Greenfield was a member of the Royal Asiatic Society.

</doc>
<doc id="31162017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162017" title="Buena Mano Balita">
Buena Mano Balita

Buena Mano Balita is GMA Cebu’s local news from GMA’s number one morning show Unang Hirit.It is composed of various fun and informative segments that will arm the viewers with information and trivia which will help them make the “right” choices for the day. It is set to jumpstart Cebu mornings with just the right dose of news, weather update, entertainment news and information. Buena Mano Balita is currently the no.1 morning entertainment and news show, gathering a TV Rating of 12.5% this September 2012. While its competitor in ABS CBN only received 5.8% 

</doc>
<doc id="31162019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162019" title="Root Covered Bridge">
Root Covered Bridge

The Root Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of Ohio. Located off State Route 555 in far northern Decatur Township, Washington County, the bridge was built in 1878 in the Long truss mode of truss bridge construction. Measuring in its single span, it spans the West Branch of the Little Hocking River.
Constructed with weatherboarded walls on stone abutments and equipped with a metal roof and elements of iron and steel, the Root Bridge was named for the nearby community of Root Town, which has since become a ghost town. Its builders were Charles and Alta Meredith, who built many other Washington County bridges; two other bridges in the county, known as the Hune and the Harra Covered Bridges, also employ the Long truss. It is believed that the Meredith family heavily favored the style, because they were responsible for building both of those bridges. Throughout Ohio, only eight Long truss bridges are in existence today; the majority of Ohio's Long truss bridges are located in southern Ohio. Besides the importance of the Meredith family, this concentration is also likely due to the presence of one of the designer's agents in the region, who also functioned as a general contractor for bridge construction in southern Ohio.
In early 1975, the Root Covered Bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places, qualifying because of its importance as a well preserved example of historic engineering methods. It was the first Washington County covered bridge to be listed on the Register, although five others — including the Harra and Hune bridges — have since received the same designation.

</doc>
<doc id="31162023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162023" title="Michael Seufert">
Michael Seufert

Michael Seufert is a Portuguese politician and member of parliament, representing the conservative CDS-PP (CDS - Partido Popular) political party. Michael Seufert is a self-assumed Classical Liberal and proponent of free market capitalism. 

</doc>
<doc id="31162024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162024" title="2011 ATP Challenger Guangzhou – Singles">
2011 ATP Challenger Guangzhou – Singles

Uladzimir Ignatik won the first edition of this tournament. He defeated Alexandre Kudryavtsev 6–4, 6–4 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="31162031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162031" title="Diego González">
Diego González

Diego González may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31162036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162036" title="Cereus elegans">
Cereus elegans

Cereus elegans is a cactus species in the genus "Cereus".

</doc>
<doc id="31162043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162043" title="Men's Low-Kick at WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade -54 kg">
Men's Low-Kick at WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade -54 kg

The men's bantamweight (54 kg/118.8 lbs) Low-Kick category at the W.A.K.O. World Championships 2007 in Belgrade was the second lightest of the male Low-Kick tournaments and the most sparse, involving just six fighters from three continents (Europe, Asia and Africa). Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under Low-Kick rules. 
Due to the small number of competitors for a tournament designed for eight men, two of the contestants had byes through to the semi finals. The eventual tournament champion was Azerbaijani Emil Karimov who defeated the Bulgarian Jordan Vassilev by technical knockout in the final to claim gold. Defeated semi finalists Fabrice Bauluck from Mauritius and Moroccan Younes Ouali Alami won bronze medals.

</doc>
<doc id="31162048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162048" title="Iufni">
Iufni

Iufni was an Ancient Egyptian Pharaoh from the 13th dynasty. He ruled for a short period.
Evidence.
He is only known from the Turin King List.

</doc>
<doc id="31162053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162053" title="Savate (film)">
Savate (film)

Savate (also known as The Fighter) - is a martial arts film starring Olivier Gruner, promoted as the allegedly true story of the world's first kickboxer.
Plot.
1865. Joseph Charlegrand is a former French soldier whose best friend and comrade was murdered by an officer of the French Foreign Legion in Mexico. Looking for the murderer, Charlegrand is heading for a martial arts tournament in the USA because the murderer takes his pride in being a skilled fighter. <br>
On his way from Mexico to Texas some American rogues take him for a Yankee and ambush him. He can fight them off but loses his horse. On foot he runs out of water and eventually breaks down. Two young farmers (Ashley Lawrence and Ian Ziering as "Mary" and "Cain Parker") save his life. <br>
When the farmers go to town for purchases they are molested and eventually seriously attacked by the roustabouts of a local business man who wants their land very badly. The film's protagonist returns the farmer's favour by applying his savate. Yet it is obvious they need further support. <br>
Consequently he stays with them and even instructs Cain how to fight, so that he might win the martial arts tournament and hereby earn the money they need to pay the new taxes. But during one night masked riders burn their barn and one of them loses a precision dice. Cain recognises this object, follows the culprit into town and confronts him. After Cain has been shot dead, all farmers are ready to sell out. <br>
The hero decides he mustn't let that happen, hence he takes the dead farmer's place in the tournament and tells the farmers to bet all their money on him. In order to prevent him from being successful, his friend's murderer, the German-speaking "von Trotta" (Marc Singer) is hired. <br>
But the bad guys leave nothing to chance and also take Mary Parker as hostage. Charlegrand manages to cause enough confusion to disappear between two fights, so that he can free Mary and force Colonel Jones (James Brolin) to spill the beans. The alleged new taxes turn out to be a hoax but the farmer's savings are on Charlegrand and so they still need him to win the tournament.<br>
Therefore his final battle with "von Trotta" mustn't be postponed, even though Charlegrand has been shot in the course of action.
Background.
The French Foreign Legion had been founded in 1831, one year after the Garde Écossaise had been officially dissolved. Right from the beginning many German-speaking men joined the forces, often hiding behind false names. In 1861 Napoleon III used the Legion for the French intervention in Mexico. It lasted until 1867. At that time Charles Lecour had already created and established French boxing as a blend of savate and English boxing. Hitherto "savateurs" had used their hands mainly to block kicks or to fence with sticks (canne de combat) at the same time. One of Lecour's students was former army instructor Joseph Charlemont. Against this background it is imaginable a "savateur" like "Joseph Charlegrand" could have served in Mexico and that he might have met a German-speaking legionnaire during this time. Yet in spite of the claim the story was true, it seems to be mere (even though entertaining) fiction, since with the slow communications and travel of 1865, and the lack of cross-over in combat sports of the time, the idea of an international martial arts contest in the wilds of the American West is highly anachronistic.

</doc>
<doc id="31162055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162055" title="Milton Keynes Council election, 1998">
Milton Keynes Council election, 1998

The 1998 Milton Keynes Council election took place on 7 May 1998 to elect members of Milton Keynes Unitary Council in Buckinghamshire, England. One third of the council was up for election and the Labour party stayed in overall control of the council.
After the election, the composition of the council was

</doc>
<doc id="31162063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162063" title="Vivian Jones (singer)">
Vivian Jones (singer)

Vivian Jones (born 1957) is a Jamaican-born British reggae singer who performed with several bands in the 1970s before recording as a solo artist from 1980.
Biography.
Born in Trelawny Parish in 1957, Jones relocated to England at the age of ten to join his parents who had emigrated there a few years earlier. They lived in and around London, moving between Willesden, Alperton, and Harrow, with Jones becoming increasingly involved in the local reggae scene, and in the mid-1970s he began performing with sound systems, initially as a deejay. In the 1970s he was a member of several bands including The Spartans, The Doctor Birds, the Mighty Vibes and the Pieces. In 1980 he began to record as a solo artist, enjoying a hit that year with "Good Morning" (actually a remixed recording by the Mighty Vibes), which topped the UK reggae charts. The following year, he was voted 'Most Talented Singer' in a poll for "Black Echoes" magazine. He had a series of hits, with his popularity also spreading to Jamaica. Disillusioned with the music industry, he returned to Jamaica in 1982 to stay with his grandparents, and also recorded some material there. He returned to London and began work outside of music. He soon began recording again in his spare time, and his debut album, "Bank Robbery", was released in 1984, and he went on to work with Jah Shaka, the two collaborating on the "Jah Works" album, released in 1987 but recorded a few years earlier. He also recorded in Jamaica for producers such as Bobby Digital and Junior Reid and recorded duets with Sylvia Tella, Debbie Gordon, and Deborahe Glasgow. In the 1990s he set up his own Imperial House label and became known primarily for his lovers rock material, enjoying big hits with "Sugar Love" and "Strong Love", but also recorded more roots-oriented music with albums such as "Iyaman" (1994). In 1991 he was named 'Best Male Artist' in the British Reggae Industry Awards. He enjoyed an international hit in the late 1990s with "Jah See Dem a Come". In 2007 he released the album "50th", featuring old rhythms from producers such as Bunny Lee, to celebrate his 50th birthday. "Lovers Rocking" was released in 2013, and Jones recorded material in Jamaica with Sly and Robbie and Bobby Digital for an album planned for release in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="31162076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162076" title="Piano Sonata in B-flat major, K. 498a (Mozart)">
Piano Sonata in B-flat major, K. 498a (Mozart)

The Piano Sonata in B-flat major, K. 498a (Anh. 136), is a piano sonata in four movements. It was first printed in 1798 by P. J. Thonus in Leipzig on behalf of Breitkopf & Härtel and attributed to Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart; an edition printed in c. 1805 already credited it as opus 26 of the Thomascantor August Eberhard Müller (1767–1817). Some publications still attribute it to Mozart, often as Piano Sonata No. 20.
Form.
A typical performance lasts for about 19 minutes. The movements are:
The musicologist Alfred Einstein suggested that the Menuetto from this work might be a piano arrangement of the "missing movement" of Mozart's "Eine kleine Nachtmusik", K. 525 (1787).

</doc>
<doc id="31162078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162078" title="Zinsmeister Ridge">
Zinsmeister Ridge

Zinsmeister Ridge is the high, rugged mountain ridge, 9 mi long, running northeast from Schoening Peak, Vinson Massif in the Sentinel Range, Antarctica. Jagged 2000 to 3000 m peaks including Vanand and Toros Peaks surmount the ridge, which separates Hinkley Glacier from the upper part of Dater Glacier.
The ridge is named by US-ACAN (2006) after William J. Zinsmeister, Department of Earth and Atmospheric Sciences, Purdue University, USAP researcher of the paleontology (molluscan fauna) of Seymour Island, 1975-95.

</doc>
<doc id="31162081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162081" title="God Loves, Man Kills (album)">
God Loves, Man Kills (album)

God Loves, Man Kills was One King Down's second release but first full-length album. It was released on December 8, 1998, through Equal Vision Records. Featuring new singer Jon Peters (who would eventually be replaced by original One King Down vocalist, Rob Fusco, this record saw One King Down attempt to merge funk and skiffle into their sound. The results received mixed reactions.

</doc>
<doc id="31162098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162098" title="Greendale School District">
Greendale School District

The Greendale School District, situated in the southwest corner of Milwaukee County, is home to more than 2,600 students. The District provides a public school education to all students from kindergarten through twelfth grade. Greendale High School, Greendale Middle School, and three elementary schools (Canterbury, College Park, and Highland View) serve the District’s needs.
Educational Programming.
The comprehensive curriculum at the elementary level provides opportunities for students to meet Wisconsin Model Academic Standards in reading, writing, math, social studies, and science as well as art, music, physical education, information and technology literacy, research and inquiry. The Time 4 Learning Charter School offers pre-school experiences to four-year old children. 
At the middle and high school level, students have multiple pathways to meeting graduation requirements and preparing for the next step. Opportunities include Advanced Placement offerings, various vocational opportunities through a consortium with MATC, support through at-risk and special education programming, quality experiences in theater, music, digital productions, art, three foreign languages, many math courses designed to meet students’ needs, student publications, internships and mentorships, and health and wellness offerings in both physical education and FACE. 
Beyond the classroom, students are involved in a broad range of sports, fine arts, clubs, and activities. All grade levels participate in service-learning opportunities within the community.
Achievement.
One way to gauge student and school performance is through testing. Statewide, students in third through eighth grade and tenth grade take the Wisconsin Knowledge and Concepts Exams. The Greendale School District consistently scores high on surveys and comparisons of school districts. 
Greendale School District was ranked by Milwaukee Magazine as the top K-12 school system among metro area schools in 2007. 
Newsweek Magazine ranked Greendale High School in the top 5% of U.S. public schools each year since 2006. 
Over 90% percent of Greendale High School graduates indicate that they will continue on to four-year colleges and technical schools or two-year colleges.

</doc>
<doc id="31162103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162103" title="Anthophora plumipes">
Anthophora plumipes

The Hairy-Footed Flower Bee ("Anthophora plumipes") is a species of bee belonging to the family Apidae.
They are present in most of Europe, in the Near East and in North Africa. In the 20th century, the species has been introduced into the U.S.
The adults grow up to long and can be encountered from March to June, feeding and collecting pollen and nectar on early flowering plants, mainly on (Primulaceae species ("Primula veris", "Primula acaulis", etc.), Boraginaceae species ("Pulmonaria officinalis", "Borago officinalis", etc.), Lamiaceae species ("Lamium purpureum") and Fumariaceae ("Corydalis" sp.).
The body is densely hairy, most often gray in males and black or brown in females, but there are numerous color forms over the species' geographic range, which have resulted in this species being described under many different names. The middle legs of males are very elongated with long tufts of black hairs on the tarsi (hence the Latin word "plumipes"), used as a visual signal during mating. Males are also distinguished from females by having the integument of the lower face yellow, rather than black.
These solitary bees do not build colonies. The females usually make nests in clay slopes and steep walls of mud, where they excavate cells, which they fill with pollen and nectar (as food for the larvae), laying a single egg on each pollen mass.

</doc>
<doc id="31162122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162122" title="Enrico Rossi (politician)">
Enrico Rossi (politician)

Enrico Rossi (born 25 August 1958) is an Italian politician, since 2010 President of Tuscany.

</doc>
<doc id="31162123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162123" title="Intent (disambiguation)">
Intent (disambiguation)

Intent or intention refers an agent's specific purpose in performing an action or series of actions.
Intent or intention may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31162128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162128" title="In the Shadow of the Dreamchild">
In the Shadow of the Dreamchild

In the Shadow of the Dreamchild: A New Understanding of Lewis Carroll is a 1999 book by British author Karoline Leach that posited the concept of the "Carroll Myth": the idea that many of the most famous aspects of Lewis Carroll's biography, including his supposed adoration of Alice Liddell, are more legend than fact. 
Its main contentions are:
The book has had considerable impact on Carroll studies and reactions to it have been very polarised.

</doc>
<doc id="31162139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162139" title="Technological Educational Institute of Piraeus">
Technological Educational Institute of Piraeus

The Technological Educational Institute of Piraeus () was established by a special law in 1976 from the merger of the Anastasiadis School, founded in 1947, and the Sivitanidios School founded in 1957. The institution provides a high level of technological education combined with applied research in selected areas. The TEI Piraeus reserves standing partnerships with other domestic and foreign educational and research institutions in order to continuously improve the level of study. The Foundation also participates in several European Union programs for international cooperation and dissemination of knowledge.
The degrees of TEI Piraeus.
The TEI of Piraeus has more than twenty different degrees ranging from the fields of arts and social sciences to those in applied sciences and engineering. Registered students reach the 20000 and the regular and temporary faculty lists 2000 people. The operation of the institution maintains its administrative staff consists of two hundred fifty people or so.
The graduate programs of TEI Piraeus enjoy the special attention of management and support staff from institutions of cooperationisis widely accepted by the market.
TEI of Piraeus in Greek Universities.
The TEI Piraeus is one of the fifteen independent and self-TEI which, together with the universities are the national system of highest education in accordance with Greek laws 2916/2001,3549/2007 and 4009/2011.The TEI differ from Greek universities because of the more applied character aspects of their studies. Their degrees, and those of Greek universities, are the only degrees of higher education in the country recognized by the Greek Government and the EU. Graduates in "Universities" and "T.E.I." may continue their studies at postgraduate level, under the same conditions.
TEI of Piraeus area.
TEI Piraeus Buildings are in a grove 100,000 sq.m in the wider area which housed the Academy of Plato. The institute is located near the port of Piraeus and in the metropolitan area of Athens. Regular bus services connect the TEI to the centers of Athens and Piraeus and the rest of Attica. Also, bus lines associated with Aegaleo metro station which is two kilometers.
Schools.
1.School of Applied Technology
2.School Administration and Εconomy
3a.General Sections
3b.Foreign Languages and Physical Education
1.S.A.T(School of Applied Technology).
I)Department of Civil Engineering
The object of study the Department of Civil Engineering at the Technological Educational Institute of Piraeus on applications related to the design, construction and management of public and private construction projects,integrated in the broader context of architectural standards and building code / building regulations and requirements for energy planning and mitigating the environmental impacts of these projects.
II)Department of Mechanical Engineering
The Engineering Department is in the School of Applied Technology, TEI of Piraeus. Its mission is to promote the teaching and applied research, development and transfer of technological knowledge in the field of Engineering.To acquire the necessary knowledge, the Department is developing a suitable theoretical background to study high-level laboratory and practical training, and organization infrastructure for applied technological research. With the theoretical and applied scientific training that graduates are equipped with the necessary knowledge and skills to meet the greatly increased demands of work in the best possible way.
ΙΙΙ)Department of Electronics Engineering
The curriculum of the Department of Electronics TEI covers the subject of Electronics and application in the fields of industrial automation, telecommunications, and information technology.
ΙV)Department of Electrical Engineering
The curriculum of the Department cover the subjects of the application of science and technology of Electrical Engineering, with emphasis on electric energy systems and installations, automation, electronics and information systems and communications.
V)Department of Automation
The curriculum of the Department of Automation TEI covers the subject of automatic control systems in their general operating principles, but also in all kinds of systems found in all disciplines,systems, i.e. electrical, electronic, hydraulic, pneumatic, mechanical, chemical, biological, mechatronics and telematics.
VI)Department of Computer Systems
The Department of Computer Systems has the task of the culture of science and technology of computing, information processing and applications thereof, and technology training engineers for the needs of industry, research, economy and education.
VII)Department of Textile Engineering
The curriculum of the Department of Textiles covers the subject of the application of science in mechanical and chemical processing of natural, artificial and synthetic fibers for textile production.
2.S.A.E.(School Administration and Εconomy).
I)Department of Business Administration
The curriculum of the Department of Business Administration on implementation of management science in every field of activity of enterprises. The application of management science begins with establishing and expanding the company throughout its lifetime. Does the business environment, organization, planning, decision making and dealing with various problems in production.
II)Accounting and Finances Department
The curriculum of the Department of Accounting School of Management and Finance covers the subject of study and application of accounting.Pursue further the systematic and comprehensive information for decision making, research and promotion of Accounting Science and fully meets the requirements of N. 2515/1997 (FEK 154 / A ') adopted by the profession "Accountant".
III)Tourism Department
The curriculum of the Department of Tourism Enterprise covers the subject of Management Science with specialization in implementing tourism enterprises, both private and public sectors.
3a.G.S.(General Sections).
I)Department of Physics, Chemistry and Materials Technology
The object of study the Department is to study and develop the ability to apply knowledge in subjects Physics, Chemistry and Materials Technology, with emphasis on implementation issues associated with the objects of the Departments of specialization. Are also developing special educational programs and activities, research projects and practical work activities of students.
II)Department of Mathematics
The Department covers the subjects of Mathematics and Computer Programming in all languages and the object of Applied Informatics in all parts of the TEI specification. Also in the Research Committee of the Technological Institute and in cooperation with financial institutions of government and private sector operates training programs in applied computing for graduates. It also participates in cooperation with other postgraduate domestic or foreign Universities.
3b.F.L.P.E.(Foreign Languages and Physical Education).
I)Foreign Languages
The curriculum of the Department relating to Language and the teaching of one or more languages: English - French - Italian - German, particularly the Foreign Specialty terminology, so that those languages to meet the educational needs of students and in their future professional direction.
II)Physical Education
The Centre of Foreign Languages and Physical Education at S.T.E.I.(Supreme Technological Educational Institute Piraeus enables students and female students, in attendance at our institution to engage in sporting activities, individual and team events in order to use their free time and have the opportunity to exercise and have fun.
The Department of Physical Education Center announces its schedule of events in the beginning of each academic year, which may be involved in their declarations interested students and female students. In the first phase are the Indoor Championships and then generated representative groups ATEI Piraeus, the participation of our Foundation National Student Championships. The jurisdiction of the Department of Physical Education and is part of learning traditional dances, which aims to enable students and female students to learn about the Greek tradition and contribute to the preservation of musical and dance heritage. Established dance group that has been public appearances with great success.
Finally a delegation of students and teachers participate in national celebrations October 28 and March 25 with a wreath in honor of the heroes at the Tomb of G. Karaiskaki.
Master Education (Postgraduate Taught Degrees).
The TEI Piraeus operate 15 Approved Graduate Courses independently or in cooperation with universities and abroad.
1.The Civil Engineering Department participates as a second party to Kingston University in the operation of self-financing Postgraduate Studies concerning Management in Construction, which has two directions:
a) “Management in Construction”
b) “Structural Design and Construction Management”
The program is being adapt to the demands and requirements of Law 3685/2008, as part of implementing the relevant provisions, and the Working Rules of Postgraduate Studies of TEI Piraeus.
According to the above legal, institutional and regulatory framework, a proposal to establish robust Postgraduate Studies concerning Policies and Techniques Applied Environmental Protection has been approved by the General Assembly of the Department.
2.The Department of Mechanical Engineering, Technological Educational Institute of Piraeus, in collaboration with the Faculty of Engineering Kingston University London, carried out successfully 9isynechi year, recognized by the Ministry of Education Postgraduate Course entitled:
MSc Advanced Industrial & Manufacturing Systems 
The Department of Electronics participates in two Inter-University - Master Courses in partnership with universities and abroad:
3.MSc in Networking and Data Communication 
4.MSc in Technologies of Information and Communication Technology for Education
5.The Automation Department of Technological Institute of Piraeus and University of the West of Scotland, Great Britain involved in organizing the Graduate Studies Program entitled "Master of Science in Quality Management". To program approved by the Ministry of Education (Official Gazette 738V/18-05-2004).
6.Parts of Electronics and Automation, TEI Piraeus and the School of Computing & Information Systems, University of Kingston in Great Britain involved in the organization of Postgraduate Studies with the title «Master of Science in Networking and Data Communications». The program is approved by the Ministry of Education (Official Gazette 738V/18-05-2004, as amended by the Gazette: 1881/29-12-2006).
7.MSc on Information Technology:The program aims to provide graduates specializing in Information Technology. Specifically, it aims at specialization graduates who have special knowledge and skills in Information Technology.
8.The Department of Business Administration operate Postgraduate Courses:
9."Health Administration" in conjunction with the University of Piraeus (GG 442 / B / 2004)
The stand-alone PSP "INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION" with specialization in Marketing and Human Resource Management (E5/43596/FEK 1476/22.07.2009/t. B)
10.The University of Kentucky in partnership with the Technological Institute of Piraeus in Greece organized by the graduate MBA program at the premises of TEI Piraeus. The program is the only accredited MBA American University in Greece and is part of the Law 2916/2001 and its recognition is published in the Official Gazette, Gazette vB 738 '/ 18.5.2004.The program lasts 18 months (three semesters). The degree is issued in the U.S.
11.The purpose of this PSP the Master of Accounting graduate education to meet the increasing professional demands of the labor market and the deepening of the items on a theoretical level. The promotion of Accounting and Finance Research is also an important objective of this Master Plan.
The General Department of Mathematics operate Postgraduate Courses:
12.Educational Technology and Human Resources Development Department of Elementary Education, University of Athens in partnership with the Department of Mathematics, TEI of Piraeus
13.MSc in Project Management Seattle University in partnership with the Department of Mathematics, TEI of Piraeus
14.MSc in e-Commerce Kingston University London in partnership with the Department of Mathematics, TEI of Piraeus
15.MSc in Energy Heriot-Watt University The Department of Mechanical Engineering, Technological Educational Institute of Piraeus, in collaboration with Heriot-Watt University implements for the eighth consecutive year the MSc in Energy. 
16.MSc in Health ManagementEuropean University of Cyprus The Department of Business administration, Technological Educational Institute of Piraeus, in collaboration with European University of Cyprus. 
Decision Sciences in Information Systems autonomous graduate program of the General Department of Mathematics (pending approval from the Ministry)

</doc>
<doc id="31162153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162153" title="Joan of Arc of Mongolia">
Joan of Arc of Mongolia

Joan of Arc of Mongolia () is a 1989 German drama film directed by Ulrike Ottinger. It was entered into the 39th Berlin International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="31162154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162154" title="1918–19 Stoke F.C. season">
1918–19 Stoke F.C. season

The 1918–19 season was Stoke's fourth season in the non-competitive War League.
With the start of World War I, all Football League football was cancelled. In its place were formed War Leagues, based on geographical lines rather than based on previous league placement. Stoke contested the Lancashire Section in the Principal Tournament, and the Southern Division of the Midland Section in the Subsidiary Tournament. However, none of these were considered to be competitive football, and thus their records are not recognised by the Football League.
Season review.
The final war-time season of 1918–19 saw Stoke take the runners-up spot behind Everton. Stoke were again in impressive goal scoring form among those victories were those of 8–1 over Port Vale, 7–0 v Blackburn Rovers and 7–1 v Bolton Wanderers. Bob Whittingham top scored again with 23 goals taking his war-time total for Stoke to 86. With the war now over it was announced that the Football League would return for the 1919–20 season and Stoke were due to enter the Second Division.
Final league table.
Lancashire Section Primary Competition.
Key: P = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; F = Goals for; A = Goals against; GA = Goal average; Pts = Points
Results.
"Stoke's score comes first"

</doc>
<doc id="31162175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162175" title="Men's Low-Kick at WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade -57 kg">
Men's Low-Kick at WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade -57 kg

The men's featherweight (57 kg/125.4 lbs) Low-Kick category at the W.A.K.O. World Championships 2007 in Belgrade was the third lightest of the male Low-Kick tournaments involving twelve fighters from three continents (Europe, Asia and Africa). Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under Low-Kick rules.
As there were too few competitors for a sixteen-man tournament, four of the fighters had byes through to the quarter finals. The tournament winner was Dzmitry Varatis from Belarus who defeated Serbian Boban Marinkovic in the final to win gold. Semi-finalists Elnur Salamov from Azerbaijan and Russian Umar Paskhaev received bronze medals.

</doc>
<doc id="31162193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162193" title="Martin Williams">
Martin Williams

Martin Williams may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31162196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162196" title="Hifz-ur-Rehman">
Hifz-ur-Rehman

Hifz-ur-Rehman (d. 1970) was a Pakistani archaeologist, historian and linguist.
Biography.
Hifz-ur-Rehman was the son of Abdul Aziz, managing proprietor of the newspaper "Paisa Akhbaar", and nephew of Mahboob Alam, who was its editor. He passed the middle standard examination from Diyal Singh College and secured a diploma in Arts from the Mayo School of Arts (now the National College of Arts (NCA). Artist and intellectual Abdul Rehman Chughtai was one of his tutors. Rehman died on December 31, 1970. Forty years later, on August 14, 2010, President Asif Ali Zardari posthumously honoured him with the "Sitara-i-Imtiaz" (The Star of Excellence) for his services in the fields of archaeology, history and linguistic research. He had three daughters, who had all died by the year 2008.
He donated musical instruments, ancient jewellery, textiles, pottery and an armory, relics from the Graeco-Bactrian times, as well as Graeco-Buddhist sculptures, and Mughal and Pahari paintings to the Lahore Museum in 1964. He was a curator at many museums of the subcontinent and an expert on the Gormukhai and Sanskrit languages. He also compiled the first Urdu Encyclopedia of 11 volumes.
Service and achievements.
Hifz-ur-Rehman donated 1,500 antiquities to the Lahore Museum, including three Quranic manuscripts written by Imam Hussain, decrees, Chinese porcelain, coins, glass objects, miniatures, ivory objects and specimens of calligraphy and Islamic Arts.
His other notable achievement was the compilation of an Urdu Encyclopedia ("Hifz-ul-uloom"), which comprises 250 volumes. The composition and compilation of this venture involved extraordinary labour and effort, in addition to expense.

</doc>
<doc id="31162201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162201" title="Inderscience Publishers">
Inderscience Publishers

Inderscience Publishers is an academic publisher that publishes peer-reviewed journals in the fields of law, engineering and technology, management and business administration, and energy, environment, and sustainable development.

</doc>
<doc id="31162208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162208" title="Nicolas Jaar">
Nicolas Jaar

Nicolas Jaar (born 1990) is an American-Chilean musician. Jaar was the owner and founder of his own record label and art house, Clown & Sunset, as well as its successor, the subscription-based imprint Other People.
Biography.
Jaar was born in New York on January 10, 1990, to Alfredo Jaar and Evelyne Maynard and moved to his father’s native Chile when he was two. He and his family lived there for six years before moving back to New York, where he attended the Lycée Français de New York. He studied comparative literature at Brown University, Rhode Island. Jaar met Soul Keita and Nikita Quasim on a school trip through the Sonora desert in Mexico. The three bonded over music and began swapping beats and projects online. In 2009, Jaar started Clown & Sunset as a way to legitimize their music. In August 2013, Jaar wound up Clown & Sunset in favour of a new subscription-based imprint called Other People.
Jaar's music is ruminative and emotional (he calls it "blue-wave"), drawing inspiration from fellow Chilean Ricardo Villalobos and minimal techno. Most of Jaar's compositions reside at 100 BPM or lower, far lower than the techno/house standards of 120–130 BPM. "I'm going to keep taking the beats even slower," he said in an interview with Resident Advisor. "More unintentional things happen between the beats." He released his debut album, "Space Is Only Noise", in January 2011 to critical acclaim, receiving a score of 8.4 and the title of Best New Music from Pitchfork and four stars from the "Guardian". It was ranked the number 1 album of the year by Resident Advisor, Mixmag, and Crack Mag, number 2 by DJ Mag, and number 20 by Pitchfork. His track "Don't Break My Love" also received the Best New Track award from Pitchfork in late 2011. Jaar toured the album with a full band, combining sounds from his laptop with a guitarist, drummer, and saxophonist. Resident Advisor gave them the number 1 spot in their Top Live Act 2012 list.
On May 18, 2012 Nicolas Jaar made his BBC Radio 1 "Essential Mix" debut, which was voted Radio 1's Essential Mix Of The Year 2012.
The debut album from Darkside, Jaar's project with longtime collaborator Dave Harrington, was released on October 4, 2013.
In March 2014, Jaar collaborated with Sasha Spielberg under the Just Friends moniker and released the single entitled "Don't Tell Me."

</doc>
<doc id="31162211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162211" title="Mentuemhat">
Mentuemhat

Mentuemhat (c. 700 BC - c. 650 BC) was a Theban official. He is depicted in many statues and buried in tomb TT34 of the Theban Necropolis.
Mentuemhat (or Montuemhat) was a fourth prophet of Amun in Thebes, Egypt. Mentuemhat was the son of Esptah, a Prophet of Amun and Mayor of the City, and Esenkhebi. Mentuemhat served during the reigns of Taharqa and Psamtik I. 
Mentuemhat had 3 wives:

</doc>
<doc id="31162220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162220" title="Men's Low-Kick at WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade -60 kg">
Men's Low-Kick at WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade -60 kg

The men's lightweight (60 kg/132 lbs) Low-Kick category at the W.A.K.O. World Championships 2007 in Belgrade was the fourth lightest of the male Low-Kick tournaments involving thirteen fighters from three continents (Europe, Asia and Africa). Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under Low-Kick rules.
As there were not enough fighters for a sixteen-man tournament, three of the competitors had byes through to the quarter finals. The tournament winner was Russian Zurab Faroyan who defeated multiple time world champion Eduard Mammadov from Azerbaijan by split decision in the gold medal match. Belarusian Dzianis Tselitsa and Turk Fikri Arican won bronze medals.

</doc>
<doc id="31162234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162234" title="Promised Reformer Day">
Promised Reformer Day

The Promised Reformer Day (Urdu: "Musleh Maud Day") is celebrated around the world by members of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community in remembrance of the fulfilment of the prophecy concerning the arrival of a spiritual son of Mirza Ghulam Ahmad whom the Ahmadis regard as the Promised Messiah and Mahdi. Ahmadis believe that this prophecy has been fulfilled in the person of Mirza Basheer-ud-Din Mahmood Ahmad, the second Caliph of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community. It is celebrated annually on 20 February.
Background.
In the 1880s, Mirza Ghulam Ahmad confronted several religious leaders who demanded to show them signs in favour of Islam as a living religion. In response to this, Mirza Ghulam Ahmad travelled to the town of Hoshiarpur where he spent 40 days in seclusion praying for divine signs in favour of Islam over other faiths. Subsequently, on 20 February 1886 he announced the prophecy concerning the birth of a spiritual son: 
Fulfilment of prophecy.
Mirza Ghulam Ahmad further declared on April 8, 1886 that it was disclosed to him that this son will be born within a period of nine years. However a few days after this announcement his wife, Nusrat Jehan gave birth to a daughter and his adversaries began alleging that his prophecy was proved false. Again in August 1887 a son was born to him but died in infancy, and again his critics alleged that the prophecy was falsified. Ghulam Ahmad pointed out that this son was the 'guest’ that was promised, and that the prophecy concerning the promised son began from the passage He will be accompanied by grace (Fazl) which shall arrive with him. On January 12, 1889, Mirza Mahmood Ahmad was born who is believed by the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community to be the promised son and one who according to Ahmadis displayed in his person all the qualities mentioned in the prophecy.
Ahmadis believe that the fulfilment of the prophecy spans the 52 year long Caliphate of Mirza Basheer-ud-Din Mahmood Ahmad.
Celebrations.
Unlike Jalsa Salana which is often planned at national or International levels, Promised Reformer's Day is celebrated usually at a local or a regional level.

</doc>
<doc id="31162244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162244" title="1971 in philosophy">
1971 in philosophy

1971 in philosophy

</doc>
<doc id="31162257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162257" title="1970 in philosophy">
1970 in philosophy

1970 in philosophy

</doc>
<doc id="31162258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162258" title="Cuckoo's nest (disambiguation)">
Cuckoo's nest (disambiguation)

A cuckoo's nest is the nest of a cuckoo.
Cuckoo's nest may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31162276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162276" title="Robert Patterson (1863–1931)">
Robert Patterson (1863–1931)

Robert Patterson (1863–1931) was an Irish naturalist. He was the son of Richard Patterson, the grandson of Robert Patterson FRS and the nephew of Robert Lloyd Patterson (1836-1906).
Robert Patterson was interested in every branch of natural history but mainly birds. He was a member of the Belfast Natural History and Philosophical Society and the Belfast Naturalists' Field Club and a founder of the Ulster Fisheries and Marine Biology Association. He also founded the People's Palace, or Patterson Museum, in Belfast which opened in 1904. This was a natural history (mainly birds) and archaeological museum intended for the free instruction of the people.

</doc>
<doc id="31162299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162299" title="Paddy Cunningham">
Paddy Cunningham

Paddy Cunningham is a Gaelic footballer from County Antrim, Northern Ireland. He plays with the Antrim intercounty team and was captain of the team that made it to the 2009 Ulster Senior Football Championship final, Antrim's first since 1970, however they lost out by 1-18 to 0-15 to Tyrone. 
He has also played with University of Ulster's Jordanstown campus,during that time, helping UUJ to the Sigerson Cup in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="31162311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162311" title="1995–96 Blackburn Rovers F.C. season">
1995–96 Blackburn Rovers F.C. season

During the 1995–96 English football season, Blackburn Rovers F.C. competed in the FA Premier League (known as the FA Carling Premiership for sponsorship reasons).
Season summary.
Blackburn had a disappointing title defence in the Premier League, dropping to 7th in the standings in the wake of Kenny Dalglish's resignation as manager. Their first half of the season was little short of disastrous, their 5-0 defeat at struggling Coventry City in mid December being their eighth in the league, with relegation a distant possibility. However, Blackburn improved in the second half of the season, losing just five more games and only narrowly missing out on a UEFA Cup place.
They also got knocked out of the Champions League already in the group stage against comparatively unknown Rosenborg and Legia Warsaw. Compounding the misery was the sale of fan favourite and top scorer Alan Shearer, who went to Newcastle for a British transfer record at the end of July.
Results.
"Blackburn Rovers' score comes first"
Squad.
[http://www.footballsquads.co.uk/eng/1995-1996/faprem/blackbrn.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="31162328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162328" title="Moshe Zar">
Moshe Zar

Moshe Zar (born 1938) is a religious Zionist, a former member of the terrorist organization "Jewish Underground" and Israeli settler leader in the northern West Bank. He has been buying land from individual Palestinians since 1979. 
Zar is a longtime friend of former Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon from their service in Unit 101. He was wounded in the 1956 Sinai Campaign and lost his left eye as a result of his injuries. In 1983 he was attacked and stabbed by a group of Palestinians but survived.
In 1984 he was convicted of membership in the terrorist organization of the political settler movement Gush Emunim, the "Jewish Underground" of the early 1980s, and sentenced to three years in prison for his part in the assassination of Palestinian mayors but only spent a few months in jail. His wife Yael is quoted by the Israeli newspaper "Haaretz" as having said at the time: "The underground is not a stage in the life of the Zar family, but a stage in the life of the nation."
After one of his eight children, his son Gilad, a security officer of the Shomron Regional Council, was killed in an ambush on May 29, 2001, he vowed that he would establish six settlements in his son′s memory, one for each Hebrew letter of his name. The settlement outpost Ramat Gilad was established in 2001, the outpost Havat Gilad was established in 2002 and has been dismantled by the Israeli military forces several times, leading to violent clashes between settlers and security forces.

</doc>
<doc id="31162337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162337" title="Film Location Services">
Film Location Services

Film Location Services which is now known as Asian Film Locations Services is a well known film location and production services company based in Sri Lanka. The company was founded by the Sri Lankan film maker Chandran Rutnam in 1979 and credited for the production of number of award winning films.
Taprobane Pictures is its sister institution and studio for motion pictures and commercials.
History.
Chandran Rutnam was doing jobs in Hollywood studios while he was pursuing his studies on a film school in Los Angeles. Rutnam's break in selling Sri Lankan locations to international film-makers came when he managed to convince John Derek, director of "Tarzan the Apeman", to shoot the film starring his wife Bo Derek, in Sri Lanka rather than Africa.
Steven Spielberg refers to Rutnam as "Our most valued friend in the Far East".

</doc>
<doc id="31162339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162339" title="Sewadjkare">
Sewadjkare

Sewadjkare (more exactly Sewadjkare I) was an Egyptian pharaoh of the 13th Dynasty during the early Second Intermediate Period. According to egyptologists Kim Ryholt and Darell Baker he was the eleventh ruler of the dynasty, reigning for a short time c. 1781 BC or c. 1737 BC. Alternatively, Thomas Schneider, Detlef Franke and Jürgen von Beckerath see him as the tenth king of the 13th dynasty.
__FORCETOC__
Evidence.
No contemporary attestation of Sewadjakare survives to this day and this pharaoh is only known to us thanks to the Turin canon. This king list was redacted during the early Ramesside period from older documents and serves as the primary source for kings of the second intermediate period. 
Sewadjkare's name appears on the 7th column, 13th line of the papyrus.
Reign length.
The Turin canon normally gives the reign length of the kings it lists however, the duration of Sewadjkare's reign is lost in a lacuna. Only the number of days is partially preserved and was read by Ryholt as 11 to 14 days. The space apparently taken by the total duration of the reign as recorded on the Turin canon led Ryholt to propose a minimum reign length of half a month. Given the total absence of contemporary attestation for Sewadjkare, it seems likely that he was an ephemeral ruler. 
Identity.
Sewadjkare should not be confused with two other pharaohs bearing the same prenomen and who reigned later in the second intermediate period. Sewadjkare Hori II, also known as Hori II, reigned at the very end of the 13th dynasty, from c. 1669 until 1664 BC. The other ruler with the same prenomen is Sewadjkare III of the 14th dynasty, who is also known only thanks to the Turin canon. Sewadjkare III reigned for a short while, some time between c. 1699 and 1694 BC.

</doc>
<doc id="31162340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162340" title="William Bronzoni">
William Bronzoni

William Bronzoni (27 July 1927 – 1 September 1987) was an Italian football player, who operated as a forward. He was born in Bibbiano, Italy.
Playing career.
Bronzoni started career his in 1945 with Parma, where he played in Serie B and Serie C. He played 201 matches and scored 78 league goals, which remains a club record to this day. He also captained the club. He failed to live re-create his early years at Parma at any other club on a consistent basis, although he did win the Serie C title with Livorno in 1955. and eventually retired in 1962, having scored 28 career goals in 106 Serie B matches and 107 in 252 in Serie C.

</doc>
<doc id="31162346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162346" title="Before the Bat's Flight Is Done">
Before the Bat's Flight Is Done

"Before the Bat's Flight Is Done" () is a 1989 Hungarian drama film directed by Péter Tímár. It was entered into the 39th Berlin International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="31162347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162347" title="Association for College Management">
Association for College Management

The Association for College Management (ACM) was a trade union in the United Kingdom.
The union was founded in 1965 as the Association of Vice-Principals of Colleges, representing middle managers in colleges of further and higher education. In 1987, it was renamed the Association of College Management, led by general secretary John Mowbray. He was succeeded by Peter Pendle in 2001, by which time it had adopted its final name. By 2002, it had 3,250 members and affiliated to the Trades Union Congress and the General Federation of Trade Unions. It had broadened its remit to represent all management grades in colleges, although it faced competition from the Secondary Heads Association.
In 2008, the union set up the Association of Managers in Education as a joint venture with the Association of Teachers and Lecturers (ATL), and the ACM became part of the ATL in January 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31162378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162378" title="Holy Trinity Church, Halstead">
Holy Trinity Church, Halstead

Holy Trinity Church, Halstead, is a redundant Anglican church in the town of Halstead, Essex, England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building, and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands to the north of the junction between Trinity Street (the A131 road) and Chapel Hill.
History.
The church was built in 1843–44, and most of it was paid for by Mrs Mary Gee of Colne House, Earls Colne. A chapel, Holy Trinity Chapel, was built on the site in about 1413, but this had disappeared by the 18th century. The church was designed by George Gilbert Scott. As the building of the spire was nearing completion, it collapsed, fortunately causing only minor injuries to the builders. An organ chamber was added in 1876. The church was declared redundant in April 1987.
Architecture.
Exterior.
Holy Trinity is constructed in brick with flint facing. It has gault brick and limestone dressings. The roofs are slated with tiles on the ridges. Its plan consists of a nave with a clerestory, north and south aisles, a chancel, a northeast vestry, an organ chamber, and a southwest tower with a spire. The tower incorporates a porch. It is a Gothic Revival church in 13th-century Early English style. The tower is tall with four stages. On its south side is a doorway. The second and third stages contain single-lancet windows flanked by arcading. In the third stage is a quatrefoil opening on each side. The bell openings consist of a pair of narrow lancets, with blind arches on each side. On the tower is a broach spire with two tiers of lucarnes. In the gable at the east end of the church is a wheel window, with spokes radiating from a hub. Below this are three lancet windows of equal height. At all corners of the church are clasping buttresses. The sides of the aisles are divided into bays by buttresses, and each bay contains a lancet window. Along the clerestory is arcading with alternate blind arches and lancet windows. At the west end is a doorway, above which is a triple lancet window, with a single lancet above that.
Interior.
The walls are plastered and whitewashed. Between the nave and the aisles on each side is a six-bay arcade supported by alternating circular and octagonal piers. The seating in the nave and aisles, and probably the font, with its square bowl on an octagonal base, date from the time of the building of the church. The lectern dates from 1906, and the choir stalls were added in 1913. The panelling in the chancel, and the pulpit date from the early 20th century. At the east end of the south aisle is a memorial screen added in 1922. The stained glass in the west window dates from 1851 and is by Clutterbuck, the east window of 1887 is by Burlison and Grylls, the east window in the south aisle dated 1922 is by J. C. N. Bewsey, and three windows in the south aisle of 1931–32 are by A. K. Nicholson. The three-manual organ was made in 1858. In 1878 E. W. Norman of Norwich and Diss either rebuilt it or supplied a new organ. This was subsequently restored in 1909 by Binns of Leeds, again in about 1970 by Cedric Arnold of Thaxted, and at a later date by Bishop and Son.

</doc>
<doc id="31162387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162387" title="Men's Low-Kick at WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade -63.5 kg">
Men's Low-Kick at WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade -63.5 kg

The men's light welterweight (63.5 kg/139.7 lbs) Low-Kick category at the W.A.K.O. World Championships 2007 in Belgrade was the fifth lightest of the male Low-Kick tournaments, involving twenty-two fighters from three continents (Europe, Asia and Africa). Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under Low-Kick rules.
Due to the fact there were too few fighters for a thirty-two man tournament, ten of the fighters had byes through to the second round. The tournament gold medalist was Artur Magadov from Russia who defeated the Moroccan Soufiane Zridy by unanimous decision in the final. Defeated semi finalists Mihajio Jovanovic from Serbia and Mirlan Ibraimov from Kyrgyzstan had to make do with bronze medals.

</doc>
<doc id="31162396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162396" title="Péter Tímár">
Péter Tímár

Péter Tímár (born 19 December 1950) is an Hungarian film director and screenwriter. He has directed 14 films since 1985. His 1989 film "Before the Bat's Flight Is Done" was entered into the 39th Berlin International Film Festival. His 1999 film "" was entered into the 21st Moscow International Film Festival. His 2001 film "Blind Guys" was entered into the 23rd Moscow International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="31162397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162397" title="Alexander de Balscot">
Alexander de Balscot

Alexander de Balscot, also known as Alexander Petit (died 1400) was one of the leading Irish clerics of the late fourteenth century, holding the offices of Bishop of Ossory, Bishop of Meath, Treasurer of Ireland and Lord Chancellor of Ireland.
He was born at Balscote in Oxfordshire; Nicholas de Balscote, Chief Baron of the Irish Exchequer 1313-1319, was probably a cousin. He is first heard of in Ireland in 1358; he became vicar of Dungarvan in 1359, Bishop of Ossory in 1371 and Bishop of Meath in 1386. He was criticised for spending large sums of money to influence his election to Ossory but received a royal pardon.
He was appointed Treasurer of Ireland in 1372 and again in 1376 and acted as justiciar in 1379. He became Lord Chancellor in 1386 as part of the government of Robert de Vere, Duke of Ireland. Following de Vere's downfall after the Battle of Radcot Bridge in 1388, de Balscot was dismissed from office, along with most
of his colleagues, including John Stanley, the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, James Butler, 3rd Earl of Ormond, the Governor, and Sir Robert Crull, the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland. Later that year, King Richard II reappointed all of them to their old positions. 
De Balscot later also acted as Chancellor and Justiciar at intervals until his death in 1400. He died at his official residence at Ardbraccan and was buried in Trim at St. Mary's Abbey.
Elrington Ball describes him as a man of great wisdom and learning; although he was in disfavour for parts of his career he was always restored to a position of influence, as his advice was found to be indispensable. O'Flanagan similarly refers to his extraordinary reputation for wisdom and learning.

</doc>
<doc id="31162399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162399" title="HMS Cossack (R57)">
HMS Cossack (R57)

HMS "Cossack" was a Royal Navy C-class destroyer launched on 10 May 1944.
Operational Service.
"Cossack" became leader of the 8th Destroyer Squadron and during that time saw action at the Battle of Pusan Perimeter during the Korean War. On 18 May 1951, "Cossack" intercepted off Hainan, China. The ship was carrying a cargo of rubber bound for a Chinese port in contravention of a United Nations embargo. "Nancy Moller" was escorted back to Singapore.
The ship was scrapped in 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="31162403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162403" title="Ernesto Rossi (gangster)">
Ernesto Rossi (gangster)

Ernest "Hoppy" Rossi (May 27, 1903 – April 17, 1931) was a follower of Frankie Yale and friend and associate of Al Capone before he moved from Brooklyn to Chicago.
Birth and early life.
Ernest was born on May 27, 1903 to parents Pasquale Rossi and Anna Costa at 250 Mott Street. Immigration ship manifests show that his parents were recent immigrants to New York City from Naples, Italy.
Criminal background.
According to police, Rossi had a long police record and was described as a "gangster and racketeer". He was a known follower of Frankie Yale and was a friend and associate of Al Capone when he lived in Brooklyn.
Rossi was described by police as having a police record "as long as your arm", and by August 1929, had been arrested four times without being convicted of a crime.
Death.
On April 17, 1931, Rossi was shot and killed in a Cadillac bearing the license plate "2-Z-2950" as it was stopped in front of the home of Police Captain Lewis J. Valentine at 1650 68th Street in Brooklyn. Witnesses stated three reports, at first taken as engine backfires, were heard and then two men leaped from the rear seat and ran down 68th Street. When found, he was slumped over the steering wheel with six gunshot wounds, all from the rear. The motor of the car was still running with clutch disengaged and one rear door hanging open, indicating the car had come to a stop before the shooting.
Motive and legacy.
There is disagreement over whether Rossi's murder was a reprisal killing for the murder of Joe Masseria, boss of what is now called the Genovese crime family, two days before. Rossi was not seen as an important enough figure to be a target, but some past associates of Frankie Yale were murdered after the Masseria murder.
An alternate explanation is that the murder was the result of a personal feud with Cattilo Grimaldi of 114 12th Street. Police believe Ernest had a hand in the shooting and wounding of Cattilo a month prior to his death.

</doc>
<doc id="31162407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162407" title="Milton Keynes Council election, 1999">
Milton Keynes Council election, 1999

The 1999 Milton Keynes Council election took place on 6 May 1999 to elect members of Milton Keynes Unitary Council in Buckinghamshire, England. One third of the council was up for election and the Labour party stayed in overall control of the council.
After the election, the composition of the council was
Background.
In the February before the election Milton Keynes held a referendum on the level of council tax increase there would be and the corresponding changes in services that would be made. Voters on a 45% turnout chose the middle option of a 9.8% increase, which meant that council tax levels were not a major issue in the election campaign.
Election result.
The results saw Labour hold onto a majority on the council after the other parties failed to make the 2 gains needed to deprive Labour of control. Overall turnout in the election was 29.1%.

</doc>
<doc id="31162409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162409" title="Marko Turina">
Marko Turina

Marko Turina (Zagreb, 1937) is Croatian cardiac surgeon. He was Director of "Klinik für Herzgefasschirurgie", University Hospital of Zurich in Zurich, Switzerland. He was first person to insert an artificial heart outside the chest and first person what operated congenital heart defect on a newborn child. Marko Turina is considered as one of the best cardiac surgeons in the World.
Biography.
Marko Turina was born in Zagreb. He was a great student, but because Communist Party of Yugoslavia declared him a "bourgeois" he had no future in SFR Yugoslavia. At first Communists sent him to Banja Luka to serve in the Army. His wish to attend Belgrade Academy for Medical Officers was denied. After that he decided to leave Yugoslavia. He was considered as political emigrant because of his anti-Communist attitudes. He went in Switzerland where he found a job at University hospital of Zürich in 1964. In 1985 he became hospital director and chef of Center for Hart and Blood Vessels Disease. That was great success, because foreign nationals rarely got so high position. He was first person to construct and later to insert artificial heart outside the chest (1998), he is also first person what operated congenital heart defect on a newborn child, successfully. In 2000 he operated with help of robots, which was innovation in medicine. He was retired in 2004, despite his ambitions to continue his career. He is still active, he teaches about cardiac surgery around the World.

</doc>
<doc id="31162435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162435" title="Kattekoers">
Kattekoers

The Kattekoers is a European single day cycle race held in the Belgian region of Flanders. As of 2011, the race is organized as a 1.2 event on the UCI Europe Tour.
The Kattekoers was created in 1934, initially as the "The three belfry cities". The race started in Ghent, passed Bruges and ended in Ieper, three cities which have a belfry, hence the name. More recently, the starting location has been changed to Deinze instead of Ghent.

</doc>
<doc id="31162442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162442" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Nueces County, Texas">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Nueces County, Texas

List of Registered Historic Places in Nueces County, Texas
This is intended to be a complete list of properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Nueces County, Texas. The locations of National Register properties and districts (at least for all showing latitude and longitude coordinates below) may be seen in a Google map by clicking on "Map of all coordinates".

</doc>
<doc id="31162445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162445" title="Men's Low-Kick at WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade -67 kg">
Men's Low-Kick at WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade -67 kg

The men's welterweight (67 kg/147.4 lbs) Low-Kick category at the W.A.K.O. World Championships 2007 in Belgrade was the sixth lightest of the male Low-Kick tournaments, involving seventeen fighters from two continents (Europe and Asia). Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under Low-Kick rules.
As there were too few competitors for a thirty-two man tournament, fifteen of the fighters had byes to the second round. The tournament winner was Russian Nikolay Shtakhanov who won gold by defeating Turkey's Yahya Alemdag by unanimous decision in their final match. Serb Nebojsa Denic and Azerbaijani Ramil Nadirov won bronze medals for reaching the semi finals.

</doc>
<doc id="31162464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162464" title="CJ McGourty">
CJ McGourty

CJ McGourty is a dual player from Belfast, Northern Ireland. He has represented Antrim at all levels in both Gaelic football and hurling, and plays his club football and hurling with St. Galls.
In football he won a Tommy Murphy Cup in 2008. In hurling he was won Ulster Championships at Minor and Under 21 level.
He has had much success with his club St. Galls, winning Antrim Senior Football Championship medals in 2005, 2007, 2008, 2009,2010,2011 Ulster Senior Club Football Championship medals in 2005 and 2009 and an All-Ireland Senior Club Football Championship medal in 2010. He also played in the All-Ireland Senior Club Football Championship final in 2006.
In hurling he has also had much success, winning an Antrim Intermediate Hurling Championship and Ulster Intermediate Hurling Championship in 2009 and playing in the All-Ireland Intermediate Club Hurling Championship final in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="31162499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162499" title="Jewels 12th Ring">
Jewels 12th Ring

Jewels 12th Ring was a planned mixed martial arts (MMA) to be held by MMA promotion Jewels. The event was planned to be held on at Shinjuku Face in Kabukicho, Tokyo, Japan but it was cancelled a few hours before the start due to the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami.
Background.
The first two bouts of the event were disclosed on . Four more bouts were announced on , including the addition of American fighter Lisa Ellis as an opponent for Jewels lightweight champion Ayaka Hamasaki in a special rules non-title bout. The rest of the card was revealed on , which included the debut in MMA of South Korean boxer Ji Yun Kim and a kickboxing match. It was announced the next day that Ellis had suffered an injury in training and that fellow Bellator Jessica Aguilar would face Hamasaki instead.
The weigh-ins took place on , with American fighter Danielle West missing weight and being penalized with a red card (point deduction) in her bout against Mongolian Esui. Fighters Sakura Nomura and Kim did not take part in the weigh-ins and instead were going to be weighed on the day of their match.

</doc>
<doc id="31162540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162540" title="Will Hubbell">
Will Hubbell

Will Hubbell is an American author and illustrator. He began as an author and illustrator of children's picture books. Subsequently, he authored science fiction. More recently, he has authored fantasy novels under the pen name of Morgan Howell.

</doc>
<doc id="31162559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162559" title="Miss Asia Pacific 1986">
Miss Asia Pacific 1986

Miss Asia Pacific 1986 is the 19th edition of Miss Asia Pacific International. This events was held in September 30 in Kowloon, Hong Kong with a participation from 32 countries. Helen Crawford of New Zealand was crowned as Miss Asia Pacific 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="31162570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162570" title="2011 World Short Track Speed Skating Championships – Men's 500 metres">
2011 World Short Track Speed Skating Championships – Men's 500 metres

The men's 500 metre at the 2011 World Short Track Speed Skating Championships took place 12 March at the Sheffield Arena.
Results.
Preliminaries.
Top two athletes from each heat and the next two fastest thirds qualified for heats.
Heats.
Top 2 Athletes from each heat and the next 2 fastest thirds qualified for quarterfinals.
Quarterfinals.
Top 2 Athletes from each heat qualified for Semifinals.
Semifinals.
Top 2 Athletes from each heat qualified for the Final.

</doc>
<doc id="31162585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162585" title="List of monitors of the Netherlands">
List of monitors of the Netherlands

This is a list of monitors of the Netherlands navy.

</doc>
<doc id="31162587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162587" title="Richard Wells (composer)">
Richard Wells (composer)

Richard is a BAFTA nominated Film, TV and Games composer represented by Air-Edel Associates. Richard began his composing career writing music for computer games in 1994, after meeting games composer Dave Punshon. Wells met English horror film director Jake West in 1997 whilst working on computer game "MIA". This led to him starting a career in film in 1998, scoring for Jake West's first film Razor Blade Smile, an extremely low-budget film. Since then, Richard has worked on two more films with Jake West; Evil Aliens and more recently Doghouse. 
In 2002, Richard began to score music for film trailers. He has now composed for over 50 film trailers including The Grudge, Internal Affairs and Seven Swords.
His recent credits include re-scoring the Tai martial arts film Ong-Bak in 2005, scoring for the Mutant Chronicles in 2009 and working on Toby Whithouse's Being Human, which is currently in its fifth series.
Richard Wells lives in the UK with his wife and two children.

</doc>
<doc id="31162590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162590" title="Aulihan">
Aulihan

The Aulihan () are a Somali clan, a division of the larger Ogaden clan, living on both sides of the Kenya - Somalia border.
The Aulihan migrated from the Ogaden region of Western Ethiopia in response to pressure from the expanding Ethiopian empire and had taken control of the hinterland of the lower Jubba river by the 1870s.
The Aulihan today hold the middle Jubba Valley areas north of Gelib. Their grazing territory extends across the border into Kenya, and they claim a large part of northeastern Garissa District.
They are active in the cross-border cattle trade.
In 1984 there was little rain. In search of grazing, Aulihan from Garissa District pushed into Isiolo District where they started to push the Boran people from their pasturage and to raid their herds.
In December 1915, the Aulihan raided some Samburu who had taken their herds into the Lorian Swamp, stealing several thousand cattle. The British, preoccupied with military operations against the Germans in German East Africa, were slow to respond. After their post at Sarinley in Jubaland was sacked, the British withdrew from their other posts in the northeast frontier region of the East African Protectorate. The Aulihan attempted to get other clans involved in their struggle against the colonialists, but were not successful. Eventually, in September 1917 the British sent an expedition that re-occupied Serenli, and followed up with successful operations against the northern Aulihan who capitulated on 15 January 1918. Further ruthless operations against southern Aulihan were completed in March 1918.
In the late 1980s the Aulihan, Mohamed Zubeyr and other Ogadeen clansmen had formed the Somali Patriotic Movement (SPM), taking control of the Lower Jubba.
In the mid-1990s there was a split within the Ogadeen, with the Aulihan led by General Nur Gebiyo joining with General Hersi Morgan's Harti-based faction of the SPM.
By 2000, some of the Aulihan had fled the fighting in Somalia and were living as refugees in camps around Dadaab, Kenya. 
Even in the camps, violence between the different clans was common.
References.
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="31162606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162606" title="Burnelli GX-3">
Burnelli GX-3

The Burnelli GX-3, also known as Uppercu-Burnelli UB-SS. was an American twin-engined, mid-wing experimental aircraft which first flew in 1929. Work commenced on this aircraft during development of the Burnelli CB-16. Soon after, Daniel Guggenheim announced the Guggenheim Safe Aircraft Competition. Many manufacturers brought aircraft to this competition. The GX-3 was built in New Jersey, but did not arrive at the competition in time to participate. However, it was reported to have good short take-off and landing capabilities and was able to operate at 200 km/h. The GX-3 had wings which were able to change their shape using flaps. The front wheels were smaller than the rear ones, and the aircraft was powered by two engines. The pilots sat in an open cockpit. The aircraft also incorporated Burnelli's lifting-body feature.

</doc>
<doc id="31162620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162620" title="Arabia Mountain (album)">
Arabia Mountain (album)

Arabia Mountain is the sixth studio album by American garage punk band Black Lips, released on June 7, 2011. The album was written and recorded over a nine-month stretch from March 2010 to January 2011. Lockett Pundt produced "Bicentennial Man" and "Go Out and Get It", while Mark Ronson was responsible for producing the rest. The production by Ronson was conducted first in a Brooklyn studios, but completed in Black Lips' hometown of Atlanta due to time constraints. The music video for the first single, "Go Out and Get It", was released on March 2. The music video for the second single, "Modern Art", was released on April 5. "New Direction" was leaked to the public by Rolling Stone on May 16. The music video for "Raw Meat" was chosen by Pitchfork in The Top Music Videos of 2011.
Critical reception.
The album was well received by critics, receiving a 7.6 on website AnyDecentMusic?
Licensing.
"New Direction" was featured on the AMC television channel.
"The Lie" is featured on the soundtrack for "".

</doc>
<doc id="31162625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162625" title="Men's Low-Kick at WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade -71 kg">
Men's Low-Kick at WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade -71 kg

The men's light middleweight (71 kg/156.2 lbs) Low-Kick category at the W.A.K.O. World Championships 2007 in Belgrade was the sixth heaviest of the male Low-Kick tournaments, involving seventeen fighters from three continents (Europe, Asia and South America). Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under Low-Kick rules.
As there were not enough fighters for a tournament designed for thirty-two, fifteen of the fighters received a bye through to the second round. The tournament winner was Russia's Konstantin Sbytov who claimed gold by defeating K-1 MAX fighter and 2004 W.A.K.O. European amateur champion Michal Glogowski from Poland. Paolo Iry from France and Milan Dragojlovic from Serbia won bronze medals.

</doc>
<doc id="31162670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162670" title="1969 in philosophy">
1969 in philosophy

1969 in philosophy

</doc>
<doc id="31162694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162694" title="Men's Low-Kick at WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade -75 kg">
Men's Low-Kick at WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade -75 kg

The men's middleweight (75 kg/165 lbs) Low-Kick category at the W.A.K.O. World Championships 2007 in Belgrade was the fifth heaviest of the male Low-Kick tournaments, involving nineteen fighters from four continents (Europe, Asia, Africa and South America). Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under Low-Kick rules.
Due to there being too few fighters for a tournament designed for thirty-two, thirteen of the fighters received a bye through to the second round. The tournament gold medalist was Croatian Marko Benzon who defeated France's Bakari Tounkara in the final by unanimous decision. Kazak Nurlan Nurgaliyev and Serbia's Dragan Micic claimed bronze medals.

</doc>
<doc id="31162704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162704" title="Sierra de Albarracín">
Sierra de Albarracín

Sierra de Albarracín is a long mountain range in the southwestern end of the Iberian System. Its highest point is the 1,856 m high summit known as Sierra Alta.
This mountain range is named after the town of Albarracín, located at a height of 1,200 m. At the same time it gives its name to the Sierra de Albarracín comarca of Aragon, Spain. Monterde de Albarracín is located at the northern end of the range.
The Sierra de Albarracín is a rough-looking mountain chain with pine, oak and juniper forests and also many patches where the rock is exposed. Its summits are usually covered in snow in the winter and the average temperature is of 11°C. It was formerly one of the most lonely and desolate areas of Spain and there were not even marked paths crossing its impenetrable forests and jagged ridges.
"Metopoceras albarracina" is an endemic moth of these mountains.

</doc>
<doc id="31162711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162711" title="Combatron">
Combatron

Combatron is a fictional Filipino comic book character. Created by Berlin H. Manalaysay, he first appeared in "Funny Comics" in 1990.
Plot.
Earth under attack.
Suddenly, Empoy realized the reason of the spaceship's crash. It was being chased by another ship containing evil cyborg aliens wearing cybernetic armors. They continued their pursuit and found earth and its inhabitants an easy target to be conquered.
Upon landing, they saw the crashed ship and found Combatron, a fight broke out and Combatron gained the upper hand. The villain returned to their base, warning Combatron that their war isn't over and earth will be conquered.
After then, a series of enemies appear to try to defeat Combatron. He defeats them all, until their leader appears. Combatron was defeated by the leader Abo-dawn, and withdraws to get help. Combatron decides to head for Omicron, the homeworld of the Space Warriors. On the way, he was intercepted by Bogus, a subordinate of Abo-dawn who is a master of illusions and was trapped in a video-game resembling various popular video-games. But an all-out attack from Combatron destroys Bogus and neutralizes the illusion.
A double agent under the alias of Alchitran secretly aids Combatron in his struggles. Combatron acquires new powers and allies. He then challenges the leader to a rematch and defeats him. But just when it seems the battles are over a new threat appears in the name of Death Metal.
Unstoppable Death Metal.
Death Metal is revealed to be the reborn Alchitran, rendered indestructible after being transformed from a comet impact. Searching for revenge against Abo-Dawn and with indirect hostilities against Combatron, Death Metal throws the galaxy into a three-way battle of supremacy.
The new villain also mustered new allies, Quietus, Bracagon, and Helvetica. The sides of war was quickly reduced to two as Abo-Dawn and his forces were easily dealt with by Death Metal. Combatron and his allies, despite fighting valiantly, were also defeated by Death Metal. Combatron used the vortex he was previously sucked into during the battle with a previous enemy (Caligula) and trapped Death Metal temporarily.
Upgrades.
Combatron and company took advantage of their precious time and repaired themselves. Combatron himself underwent an upgrade with hip disks and torso as the most noticeable features. Galactic Thunder and Galactic Phoenix were added powers that would prove useful further on their battles.
Round 2 and the "Bigger Enemy".
Metallica, on her way to the comet where Alchitran's original body is to be found, was captured by an even newer threat; a planet that calls himself Megadeath.
Meanwhile, Combatron engaged Death Metal once again. This time around, the battle was more of a stalemate. Their fight, however, was interrupted by a strange light that transferred them directly to the planetoid being; Megadeath, who wanted the two combatants to bow to him. With a common enemy, Combatron and Death Metal vowed allegiance to each other.
Unfinished story.
In December 15, 1997, Combatron was shut down by Pilipino Funny Komiks Publisher Islas Filipinas Publishing due to excessive violence.

</doc>
<doc id="31162718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162718" title="List of Vice Presidents of the Presidential Council of Hungary">
List of Vice Presidents of the Presidential Council of Hungary

Vice Presidents of the Presidential Council of Hungary.
Two Vice Presidents served simultaneously. They were deputy heads of state.
Below is a list of office-holders 1949 - 1989:

</doc>
<doc id="31162722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162722" title="24 Gone">
24 Gone

24 Gone was a Canadian alternative rock band that was formed in 1989 in Vancouver, British Columbia. They released one album, "The Spin" (1990), about which Allmusic noted "...their distinct sound was too enjoyable and perfect to dissolve after a brief musical stint". The album was also given a 4.5 stars out of 5 rating by Allmusic. Before the re-release the album would be listed as much as $70 on eBay.

</doc>
<doc id="31162727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162727" title="Futuro Antico">
Futuro Antico

Futuro Antico may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31162734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162734" title="Men's Low-Kick at WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade -81 kg">
Men's Low-Kick at WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade -81 kg

The men's light heavyweight (81 kg/178.2 lbs) Low-Kick category at the W.A.K.O. World Championships 2007 in Belgrade was the fourth heaviest of the male Low-Kick tournaments, involving seventeen fighters from three continents (Europe, Asia and Africa). Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under Low-Kick rules.
As there were too few fighters for a tournament of thirty-two, fifteen of the fighters received byes through to the second round. The tournament champion was Serbia's Nenad Pagonis who won the gold by defeating Azerbaijan's Rail Rajabov in the final via split decision. Defeated semi finalists, Dénes Rácz from Hungary and Viktor Nordh from Sweden received bronze medals.

</doc>
<doc id="31162735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162735" title="Markov tree">
Markov tree

Markov tree may refer to 

</doc>
<doc id="31162784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162784" title="Men's Low-Kick at WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade -86 kg">
Men's Low-Kick at WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade -86 kg

The men's cruiserweight (86 kg/189.2 lbs) Low-Kick category at the W.A.K.O. World Championships 2007 in Belgrade was the third heaviest of the male Low-Kick tournaments, involving eighteen fighters from three continents (Europe, Asia and Africa). Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under Low-Kick rules.
Due to there not being enough competitors for a thirty-two man tournament, fourteen men received a bye through to the second round. The gold medal was won by Russia's Gamzat Isalmagomedov who defeated Croatia's Stipe Stipetic in the final by knockout. The bronze medal positions were taken by Bosnian Bojan Glavas and Kazak Georgiy Yemeliyanov.

</doc>
<doc id="31162817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162817" title="Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster">
Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster

The was a catastrophic failure at the Fukushima I Nuclear Power Plant on 11 March 2011, resulting in a meltdown of three of the plant's six nuclear reactors. The failure occurred when the plant was hit by a tsunami triggered by the Tōhoku earthquake; the plant began releasing substantial amounts of radioactive materials beginning on 12 March, becoming the largest nuclear incident since the Chernobyl disaster in April 1986 and the second (after Chernobyl) to measure Level 7 on the International Nuclear Event Scale, initially releasing an estimated 10-30% of the earlier incident's radiation. In August 2013, it was stated that the massive amount of radioactive water is among the most pressing problems that are affecting the cleanup process, which is expected to take decades. There have been continued spills of contaminated water at the plant, and some into the sea. Plant workers are trying to lower the leaks using measures such as building chemical underground walls, but they have not improved substantially.
Although no short term radiation exposure fatalities were reported, some 300,000 people evacuated the area, 15,884 (as of 10 February 2014) people died due to the earthquake and tsunami, and as of August 2013 approximately 1,600 deaths were related to the evacuation conditions, such as living in temporary housing and hospital closures. The exact cause of the majority of these evacuation-related deaths were unspecified because that would hinder the deceased relatives' application for financial compensation.
The World Health Organization indicated that evacuees were exposed to so little radiation that radiation-induced health impacts are likely to be below detectable levels, and that any additional cancer risk from radiation was small—extremely small, for the most part—and chiefly limited to those living closest to the nuclear power plant. A 2013 WHO report predicts that for populations that would have stayed and lived in the most affected areas, and according to the (disputed) LNT hypothesis, there would have been a 70% higher risk of developing thyroid cancer for girls exposed as infants (but experts said the overall risk was small: the radiation exposure means about 1.25 out of every 100 girls in the area could develop thyroid cancer over their lifetime, instead of the natural rate of about 0.75 percent), a 7% higher risk of leukemia in males exposed as infants, a 6% higher risk of breast cancer in females exposed as infants and a 4% higher risk, overall, of developing solid cancers for females. The World Health Organization stated that a 2013 thyroid ultrasound screening programme was, due to the screening effect, likely to lead to an increase in recorded thyroid cases due to early detection of non-symptomatic disease cases.
The Fukushima Nuclear Accident Independent Investigation Commission found the nuclear disaster was "manmade" and that its direct causes were all foreseeable. The report also found that the plant was incapable of withstanding the earthquake and tsunami. TEPCO, regulators Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency (NISA) and NSC and the government body promoting the nuclear power industry (METI), all failed to meet the most basic safety requirements, such as assessing the probability of damage, preparing for containing collateral damage from such a disaster, and developing evacuation plans. A separate study by Stanford researchers found that Japanese plants operated by the largest utility companies were particularly unprotected against potential tsunamis.
Overview of incident.
The plant comprised six separate boiling water reactors originally designed by General Electric (GE) and maintained by the Tokyo Electric Power Company (TEPCO). Units 2 through 6 were BWR-4, while Unit 1 was the slightly older BWR-3 design. At the time of the earthquake, Reactor 4 had been de-fueled and Reactors 5 and 6 were in cold shutdown for planned maintenance.
Immediately after the earthquake, following government regulations, the remaining reactors, 1–3, automatically SCRAMmed; control rods shut down sustained fission reactions. Although fission stops almost immediately with a SCRAM, fission products in the fuel continue to release decay heat, initially about 6.5% of full reactor power. This is still enough to require active reactor cooling for several days to keep the fuel rods below their melting points. In Generation II reactors like the GE Mark I, cooling system failure may lead to a meltdown even in a SCRAMmed reactor.
Coincident with the SCRAM emergency generators were automatically activated to power electronics and cooling systems. The tsunami arrived some 50 minutes after the initial earthquake. The high tsunami overwhelmed the plant's seawall, which was only high, with the moment of the tsunami striking being caught on camera. The tsunami water quickly flooded the low-lying rooms in which the emergency generators were housed. The diesel generators were flooded and began to fail soon after, their job being taken over by emergency battery-powered systems. When the batteries ran out the next day on 12 March, active cooling systems stopped, and the reactors began to heat up. The power failure also meant that many of the reactor control instruments also failed.
As workers struggled to supply power to the reactors' coolant systems and control rooms, multiple hydrogen-air chemical explosions occurred from 12 March to 15 March. It is estimated that the hot zirconium fuel cladding-water reaction in Reactors 1-3 produced to of hydrogen gas each, which was vented out of the reactor pressure vessel and mixed with the ambient air. The gas eventually reached explosive concentration limits in Units 1 and 3. Either piping connections between Units 3 and 4 or from the zirconium reaction in Unit 4 itself, Unit 4 also filled with hydrogen. Explosions occurred in the upper secondary containment building in all three reactors.
TEPCO admitted for the first time on October 12, 2012 that it had failed to take stronger measures to prevent disasters for fear of inviting lawsuits or protests against its nuclear plants. There are no clear plans for decommissioning the plant, but the plant management estimate is thirty or forty years.
On 22 July 2013, more than two years after the incident, it was revealed that the plant is leaking radioactive water into the Pacific Ocean. This had been denied by TEPCO. The report prompted Japanese Prime Minister Shinzō Abe to order the government to step in. On 20 August, in a further incident, it was announced that 300 metric tons of heavily radioisotope-contaminated water had leaked from a storage tank. On 26 August, the government took charge of emergency measures to prevent further radioactive water leaks.
Background.
A national program to develop robots for use in nuclear emergencies was terminated in midstream as a way of implying that they were unneeded. Japan had none to send into Fukushima when the crisis began. The Japanese government sent a request for robots developed by the U.S. military to help deal with the crisis. The robots went into the plants, and took pictures to help assess the situation, but they couldn't perform human tasks. Following Fukushima, efforts to develop humanoid robots that could supplement relief efforts have accelerated dramatically.
Similarly, Japan's Nuclear Safety Commission said in its safety guidelines for light-water nuclear facilities that "the potential for extended loss of power need not be considered."
Regulation.
Three investigations into the Fukushima disaster showed the man-made nature of the catastrophe and its roots in regulatory capture associated with a "network of corruption, collusion, and nepotism." Regulatory capture refers to the "situation where regulators charged with promoting the public interest defer to the wishes and advance the agenda of the industry or sector they ostensibly regulate." Those with a vested interest in specific policy or regulatory outcomes lobby regulators and influence their choices and actions. Regulatory capture explains why some of the risks of operating nuclear power reactors in Japan were systematically downplayed and mismanaged so as to compromise operational safety.
Critics argue that the government shares blame with the regulatory agency for not heeding warnings and for not ensuring the independence of the oversight function. The New York Times alleged that the Japanese nuclear regulatory system sided with and promoted the nuclear industry because of amakudari ('descent from heaven') in which senior regulators accepted high paying jobs at companies they once oversaw. To protect their potential future position in the industry, regulators sought to avoid taking positions that upset or embarrass the companies. TEPCO's position as the largest electrical utility in Japan made it the most desirable position for retiring regulators. Typically the "most senior officials went to work at Tepco, while those of lower ranks ended up at smaller utilities."
In August 2011, several top energy officials were fired by the Japanese government; affected positions included the Vice-minister for Economy, Trade and Industry; the head of the Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency, and the head of the Agency for Natural Resources and Energy.
Plant description.
The Fukushima I ("Daiichi") Nuclear Power Plant consists of six GE light water, boiling water reactors (BWR) with a combined power of 4.7 gigawatts, making Fukushima Daiichi one of the world's 25 largest nuclear power stations. Fukushima Daiichi was the first GE-designed nuclear plant to be constructed and run entirely by the Tokyo Electric Power Company (TEPCO).
Reactor 1 is a 439 MWe type (BWR-3) reactor constructed in July 1967. It commenced operation on 26 March 1971. It was designed to withstand an earthquake with a peak ground acceleration of 0.18 g (1.74 m/s2) and a response spectrum based on the 1952 Kern County earthquake. Reactors 2 and 3 are both 784 MWe type BWR-4. Reactor 2 commenced operating in July 1974, and Reactor 3 in March 1976. The earthquake design basis for all units ranged from 0.42 g (4.12 m/s2) to 0.46 g (4.52 m/s2).
All units were inspected after the 1978 Miyagi earthquake when the ground acceleration reached 0.125 g (1.22 m/s2) for 30 seconds, but no damage to the critical parts of the reactor was discovered.
Units 1–5 have a Mark 1 type (light bulb torus) containment structure; unit 6 has Mark 2 type (over/under) containment structure. In September 2010, Reactor 3 was partially fueled by mixed-oxides (MOX).
At the time of the accident, the units and central storage facility contained the following numbers of fuel assemblies:
There is no MOX fuel in any of the cooling ponds. The only MOX fuel is loaded in the Unit 3 reactor.
Cooling requirements.
These reactors generate electricity by using the heat of the fission reaction to create steam. When the reactor stops operating, the radioactive decay of unstable isotopes continues to generate heat for a time. This decay and the decay heat that results requires continued cooling. Initially this decay heat amounts to approximately 6% of the amount produced by fission, decreasing over several days before reaching cold shutdown levels.
Exhausted fuel rods that have reached cold shutdown temperatures typically require several years in a spent fuel pool before they can be safely transferred to dry cask storage vessels.
The decay heat in the Unit 4 spent fuel pool had the capacity to boil about 70 tonnes of water per day (12 gallons per minute). On 16 April 2011, TEPCO declared that cooling systems for Units 1-4 were beyond repair and would have to be replaced.
Cooling systems.
In the reactor core, circulation is accomplished via high pressure systems that cycle water between the reactor pressure vessel and heat exchangers. These systems then transfer heat to a secondary heat exchanger via the essential service water system, using water that is pumped out to sea or an onsite cooling tower.
When the reactor is not producing electricity, cooling pumps can be powered by other reactor units, the grid or by diesel generators or batteries.
Units 2 and 3 were equipped with steam-turbine driven emergency core cooling systems that can be directly operated by steam produced by decay heat and which can inject water directly into the reactor. Some electrical power is needed to operate valves and monitoring systems.
Unit 1 was equipped with a different cooling system, the "Isolation Condenser" or "IC", which is entirely passive. This consists of a series of pipes run from the reactor core to the inside of a large tank of water. When the valves are opened, steam flows upward to the IC where the cool water in the tank condenses the steam back to water, and it runs under gravity back to the reactor core. For reasons that are unclear, at the beginning, Unit 1's IC was operated only intermittently during the emergency. However, during a 25 March 2014 presentation to the TVA, Dr Takeyuki Inagaki explained that the IC was being operated intermittently to maintain reactor vessel level and to prevent the core from cooling too quickly which can increase reactor power. Unfortunately, as the tsunami engulfed the station, the IC valves were closed and could not be reopened due to the loss of power.
Backup generators.
Two emergency diesel generators were available for each of units 1–5 and three for unit 6.
In the late 1990s, three additional backup generators for Units 2 and 4 were placed in new buildings located higher on the hillside, to comply with new regulatory requirements. All six units were given access to these generators, but the switching stations that sent power from these backup generators to the reactors' cooling systems for Units 1 through 5 were still in the poorly protected turbine buildings. All three of the generators added in the late 1990s were operational after the tsunami. If the switching stations had been moved to inside the reactor buildings or to other flood-proof locations, power would have been provided by these generators to the reactors' cooling systems.
The reactor's emergency diesel generators and DC batteries, crucial components in powering cooling systems after a power loss, were located in the basements of the reactor turbine buildings, in accordance with GE's specifications. Mid-level engineers expressed concerns that this left them vulnerable to flooding.
Fukushima I was not designed for such a large tsunami, nor had the reactors been modified when concerns were raised in Japan and by the IAEA.
Fukushima II was also struck by the tsunami. However, it had incorporated design changes that improved its resistance to flooding, reducing flood damage. Generators and related electrical distribution equipment were located in the watertight reactor building, so that power from the electricity grid was being used by midnight. Seawater pumps for cooling were protected from flooding, and although 3 of 4 initially failed, they were restored to operation.
Central fuel storage areas.
Used fuel assemblies taken from reactors are initially stored for at least 18 months in the pools adjacent to their reactors. They can then be transferred to the central fuel storage pond. Fukushima I's storage area contains 6375 fuel assemblies. After further cooling, fuel can be transferred to dry cask storage, which has shown no signs of abnormalities.
Zircaloy.
Many of the internal components and fuel assembly cladding are made from zircaloy because it is relatively transparent to neutrons. At normal operating temperatures of approximately , zircaloy is inert. However, above 1200 degrees Celsius, zirconium metal can react exothermically with water to form free hydrogen gas. The reaction between zirconium and the coolant produces more heat, accelerating the reaction.
Safety issues.
1967: Layout of the emergency-cooling system.
On 27 February 2012, NISA ordered TEPCO to report by 12 March 2012 regarding its reasoning in changing the piping layout for the emergency cooling system. These changes were made after the plans were registered in 1966 and the beginning of construction.
The original plans separated the piping systems for two reactors in the isolation condenser from each other. However, the application for approval of the construction plan showed the two piping systems connected outside the reactor. The changes were not noted, in violation of regulations.
After the tsunami, the isolation condenser should have taken over the function of the cooling pumps, by condensing the steam from the pressure vessel into water to be used for cooling the reactor. But the condenser did not function properly and TEPCO could not confirm whether a valve was opened.
1976: Falsification of safety records.
Fukushima Daiichi was central to a falsified-records scandal that led to the departure of senior TEPCO executives. It also led to disclosures of previously unreported problems, although testimony by Dale Bridenbaugh, a lead GE designer, claimed that GE was warned of major design flaws in 1976, resulting in the resignations of several GE designers who protested GE's negligence.
In 2002, TEPCO admitted falsifying safety records for unit 1. The scandal and a fuel leak at Fukushima Daini forced the company to shutdown all 17 of its reactors. A power board distributing electricity to temperature control valves was not examined for 11 years. Inspections did not cover cooling systems devices such as water pump motors and diesel generators.
1991: Back-up generator of reactor 1 flooded.
On 30 October 1991, one of two backup generators of Reactor 1 failed, after flooding in the reactor's basement. Seawater used for cooling leaked into the turbine building from a corroded pipe at 20 cubic meters per hour, as reported by former employees in December 2011. An engineer was quoted as saying that he informed his superiors and of the possibility that a tsunami could damage the generators. TEPCO installed doors to prevent water from leaking into the generator rooms.
The Japanese Nuclear Safety Commission commented that it would revise its safety guidelines and would require the installation of additional power sources. On 29 December 2011, TEPCO admitted all these facts: its report mentioned that the room was flooded through a door and some holes for cables, but the power supply was not cut off by the flooding, and the reactor was stopped for one day. One of the two power sources was completely submerged, but its drive mechanism had remained unaffected.
2008: Tsunami study ignored.
In 2007, TEPCO set up a department to supervise its nuclear facilities. Until June 2011 its chairman was Masao Yoshida, the Fukushima Daiichi chief. A 2008 in-house study identified an immediate need to better protect the facility from flooding by seawater. This study mentioned the possibility of tsunami-waves up to . Headquarters officials insisted that such a risk was unrealistic and did not take the prediction seriously.
A Mr. Okamura of the Active Fault and Earthquake Research Center urged TEPCO and NISA to review their assumption of possible tsunami heights based on a tenth century earthquake, but it was not seriously considered at that time. The U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission warned of a risk of losing emergency power in 1991 (NUREG-1150) and NISA referred to the report in 2004. No action to mitigate the risk was taken.
Location.
The plant was located in Japan, which, like the rest of the Pacific Rim, is in an active seismic zone. The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) had expressed concern about the ability of Japan's nuclear plants to withstand seismic activity. At a 2008 meeting of the G8's Nuclear Safety and Security Group in Tokyo, an IAEA expert warned that a strong earthquake with a magnitude above could pose a "serious problem" for Japan's nuclear power stations. The region had experienced three earthquakes of magnitude greater than 8, including the 869 Jogan Sanriku earthquake, the 1896 Meiji-Sanriku earthquake, and the 1933 Sanriku earthquake.
Events.
Earthquake.
The 9.0 MW Tōhoku earthquake occurred at 14:46 on Friday, 11 March 2011 with epicenter near Honshu Island. It produced maximum ground g-forces of 0.56, 0.52, 0.56 (5.50, 5.07 and 5.48 m/s2) at units 2, 3 and 5 respectively. This exceeded their design tolerances of 0.45, 0.45 and 0.46 g (4.38, 4.41 and 4.52 m/s2). The shock values were within the design tolerances at units 1, 4 and 6.
When the earthquake struck, units 1, 2 and 3 were operating, but units 4, 5 and 6 had been shut down for periodic inspection. Reactors 1, 2 and 3 immediately underwent an automatic shutdown (called SCRAM).
When the reactors shut down, the plant stopped generating electricity, cutting off power. One of the two connections to off-site power for units 1–3 also failed, so 13 on-site emergency diesel generators began providing power.
Tsunami.
The earthquake triggered a maximum height tsunami that arrived approximately 50 minutes later. The waves overtopped the plant's seawall, flooding the basements of the turbine buildings and disabling the emergency diesel generators at approximately 15:41.
TEPCO then notified authorities of a "first level emergency".
The switching stations that provided power from the three backup generators located higher on the hillside failed when the building that housed them flooded. Power for control systems switched over to batteries that were designed to last about eight hours. Further batteries and mobile generators were dispatched to the site. They were delayed by poor road conditions and the first arrived only at 21:00 11 March, almost six hours after the tsunami.
Multiple unsuccessful attempts were made to connect portable generating equipment to power water pumps. The failure was attributed to flooding at the connection point in the Turbine Hall basement and the absence of suitable cables. TEPCO switched its efforts to installing new lines from the grid. One generator at unit 6 resumed operation on 17 March, while external power returned to units 5 and 6 only on 20 March.
Evacuation.
The government initially set in place a 4-stage evacuation process: a prohibited access area out to 3 km, an on-alert area 3–20 km and an evacuation prepared area 20–30 km. On day one nearly 134,000 people were evacuated from the prohibited access and on-alert areas. Four days later an additional 354,000 were evacuated from the prepared area. Later, Prime Minister Kan instructed people within the on-alert area to leave, and urged those in the prepared area to stay indoors. The latter groups were urged to evacuate on 25 March.
The 20 kilometer exclusion zone was guarded by roadblocks to ensure that fewer people would be affected by the radiation.
Units 1, 2 and 3.
In Reactors 1, 2 and 3, overheating caused a reaction between the water and the zircaloy, creating hydrogen gas.
On 12 March, an explosion in Unit 1 was caused by the ignition of the hydrogen, destroying the upper part of the building.
On 14 March, a similar explosion occurred in the Reactor 3 building, blowing off the roof and injuring eleven people.
On the 15th, an explosion in the Reactor 2 building damaged it and part of the Reactor 4 building.
Core meltdowns.
On 16 March TEPCO estimated that 70% of the fuel in Unit 1 had melted, and 33% in Unit 2, further suspecting that Unit 3's core might also be damaged.
In the TEPCO report of the Modular Accident Analysis Program (MAAP) from November 2011 further estimates are made to the state and location of the fuel. The report came to the conclusion that the Reactor Pressure Vessel (RPV) in Unit 1 (commonly known as the reactor core) had been damaged during the disaster, and that ""significant amounts"" of molten fuel had fallen into the bottom of the Primary Containment Vessel (PCV) – the erosion of the concrete of the PCV by the molten fuel after the core meltdown was estimated to have been stopped in approx. depth, with the thickness of the containment being . Gas sampling done before the report detected no signs of an ongoing reaction of the fuel with the concrete of the PCV and all the fuel in Unit 1 was estimated to be ""well cooled down, including the fuel dropped on the bottom of the reactor"".
Furthermore the MAAP report showed that fuel in Units 2 and 3 had melted, however less than Unit 1, and fuel was presumed to be still in the RPV, with no significant amounts of fuel fallen to the bottom of the PCV. The report further suggested that ""there is a range in the evaluation results"" from "all fuel in the RPV (none fuel fallen to the PCV)" in Unit 2 and Unit 3, to "most fuel in the RPV (some fuel in PCV)". For Unit 2 and Unit 3 it was estimated that the ""fuel is cooled sufficiently"". The larger damage in Unit 1 in comparison with the other two units was according to the report due to longer time that no cooling water was injected in Unit 1, which resulted in much more decay heat to accumulate – for about 1 day there was no water injection for Unit 1, while Unit 2 and Unit 3 had only a quarter of a day without water injection.
There exists some uncertainty about the amount of damage the reactors sustained during the meltdown – Tepco revised the numbers several times. In November 2013 Mari Yamaguchi reported for Associated Press that there are computer simulations which show that ""the melted fuel in Unit 1, whose core damage was the most extensive, has breached the bottom of the primary containment vessel and even partially eaten into its concrete foundation, coming within about 30 centimeters (one foot) of leaking into the ground"" – a Kyoto University nuclear engineer said with regards to these estimates: ""We just can't be sure until we actually see the inside of the reactors.""
According to a December 2013 report TEPCO estimated for Unit 1 that ""the decay heat must have decreased enough, the molten fuel can be assumed to remain in PCV (Primary container vessel)"".
Units 4, 5 and 6.
Unit 4.
All fuel rods from Unit 4 had been transferred to the spent fuel pool on an upper floor of the reactor building prior to the tsunami. On 15 March, an explosion damaged the fourth floor rooftop area of Unit 4, creating two large holes in a wall of the outer building. It was reported that water in the spent fuel pool might be boiling. Radiation inside the Unit 4 control room prevented workers from staying there for long periods. Visual inspection of the spent fuel pool on 30 April revealed no significant damage to the rods. A radiochemical examination of the pond water confirmed that little of the fuel had been damaged.
In October 2012, the former Japanese Ambassador to both Switzerland and Senegal Mitsuhei Murata said that ground under Fukushima unit 4 was sinking, and the structure may collapse.
Units 5 and 6.
Reactors 5 and 6 were also not operating when the earthquake struck. Unlike Reactor 4, their fuel rods remained in the reactor. The reactors had been closely monitored, as cooling processes were not functioning well.
Central fuel storage areas.
On 21 March, temperatures in the fuel pond had risen slightly, to 61 °C and water was sprayed over the pool. Power was restored to cooling systems on 24 March and by 28 March temperatures were reported down to 35 °C.
Contamination.
Radioactive material was released from the containment vessels for several reasons: deliberate venting to reduce gas pressure; deliberate discharge of coolant water into the sea; and uncontrolled events. Concerns about the possibility of a large scale release led to a exclusion zone around the power plant and recommendations that people within the surrounding 20–30 km zone stay indoors. Later, the UK, France and some other countries told their nationals to consider leaving Tokyo, in response to fears of spreading contamination. Trace amounts of radiation, including iodine-131, caesium-134 and caesium-137, were widely observed.
Between 21 March and mid-July around 2.7 × 1016 Bq of caesium-137 (about 8.4 kg) entered the ocean, about 82 percent having flowed into the sea before 8 April. This emission of radioactivity into the sea represents the most important individual emission of artificial radioactivity into the sea ever observed. However, the Fukushima coast has some of the world's strongest currents and these transported the contaminated waters far into the Pacific Ocean, thus causing great dispersion of the radioactive elements. The results of measurements of both the seawater and the coastal sediments led to the supposition that the consequences of the accident, in terms of radioactivity, would be minor for marine life as of autumn 2011 (weak concentration of radioactivity in the water and limited accumulation in sediments). On the other hand, significant pollution of sea water along the coast near the nuclear plant might persist, because of the continuing arrival of radioactive material transported towards the sea by surface water running over contaminated soil. Organisms that filter water and fish at the top of the food chain are, over time, the most sensitive to caesium pollution. It is thus justified to maintain surveillance of marine life that is fished in the coastal waters off Fukushima. Despite caesium isotopic concentration in the waters off of Japan being 10 to 1000 times above concentration prior to the accident, radiation risks are below what is generally considered harmful to marine animals and human consumers.
A monitoring system operated by the Preparatory Commission for the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty Organization (CTBTO) tracked the spread of radioactivity on a global scale. Radioactive isotopes were picked up by over 40 monitoring stations.
On 12 March, radioactive releases first reached a CTBTO monitoring station in Takasaki, Japan, around 200 km away. The radioactive isotopes appeared in eastern Russia on 14 March and the west coast of the United States two days later. By day 15, traces of radioactivity were detectable all across the northern hemisphere. Within one month, radioactive particles were noted by CTBTO stations in the southern hemisphere.
Estimates of radioactivity released ranged from 10-40% of that of Chernobyl's. The significantly contaminated area was 10-12% that of Chernobyl.
In March 2011, Japanese officials announced that "radioactive iodine-131 exceeding safety limits for infants had been detected at 18 water-purification plants in Tokyo and five other prefectures". On 21 March the first restrictions were placed on the distribution and consumption of contaminated items. , the Japanese government was unable to control the spread of radioactive material into the nation's food supply. Radioactive material was detected in food produced in 2011, including spinach, tea leaves, milk, fish and beef, up to 320 kilometres from the plant. 2012 crops did not show signs of radioactivity contamination. Cabbage, rice and beef showed insignificant radiation levels. A Fukushima-produced rice market in Tokyo was accepted by consumers as safe.
On 24 August 2011, the Nuclear Safety Commission (NSC) of Japan published the results of the recalculation of the total amount of radioactive materials released into the air during the accident at the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Station. The total amounts released between 11 March and 5 April were revised downwards to 130 PBq (petabecquerels) for iodine-131 and 11 PBq for caesium-137, which is about 11% of Chernobyl emissions. Earlier estimations were 150 PBq and 12 PBq.
In 2011 scientists working for the Japan Atomic Energy Agency, Kyoto University and other
institutes, recalculated the amount of radioactive material released into the ocean: between late March through April they found a total of 15 PBq for the combined amount of iodine-131 and caesium-137, more than triple the 4.72 PBq estimated by TEPCO. The company had calculated only the direct releases into the sea. The new calculations incorporated the portion of airborne radioactive substances that entered the ocean as rain.
In the first half of September 2011 TEPCO estimated radiation release at some 200 MBq (megabecquerels) per hour. This was approximately one four-millionth that of March. Traces of iodine-131 were detected in several Japanese prefectures in November and December 2011.
According to the French Institute for Radiological Protection and Nuclear Safety, between 21 March and mid-July around 27 PBq of caesium-137 entered the ocean, about 82 percent before 8 April. This emission represents the most important individual oceanic emissions of artificial radioactivity ever observed. The Fukushima coast has one of the world's strongest currents (Kuroshio Current). It transported the contaminated waters far into the Pacific Ocean, dispersing the radioactivity. As of late 2011 measurements of both the seawater and the coastal sediments suggested that the consequences for marine life would be minor. Significant pollution along the coast near the plant might persist, because of the continuing arrival of radioactive material transported to the sea by surface water crossing contaminated soil. The possible presence of other radioactive substances, such as strontium-90 or plutonium, has not been sufficiently studied. Recent measurements show persistent contamination of some marine species (mostly fish) caught along the Fukushima coast. Migratory pelagic species are highly effective and rapid transporters of radiation throughout the ocean. Elevated levels of 134 Cs appeared in migratory species off the coast of California that were not seen pre-Fukushima.
As of March 2012, no cases of radiation-related ailments had been reported. Experts cautioned that data was insufficient to allow conclusions on health impacts. Michiaki Kai, professor of radiation protection at Oita University of Nursing and Health Sciences, stated, "If the current radiation dose estimates are correct, (cancer-related deaths) likely won't increase."
In May 2012, TEPCO released their estimate of cumulative radiation releases. An estimated 538.1 PBq of iodine-131, caesium-134 and caesium-137 was released. 520 PBq was released into the atmosphere between 12–31 March 2011 and 18.1 PBq into the ocean from 26 March – 30 September 2011. A total of 511 PBq of iodine-131 was released into both the atmosphere and the ocean, 13.5 PBq of caesium-134 and 13.6 PBq of caesium-137. TEPCO reported that at least 900 PBq had been released "into the atmosphere in March last year alone".
In 2012 researchers from the Institute of Problems in the Safe Development of Nuclear Energy, of the Russian Academy of Sciences, and the Hydrometeorological Center of Russia concluded that "on March 15, 2011, ~400PBq iodine, ~100PBq cesium, and ~400PBq inert gases entered the atmosphere" on that day alone.
In August 2012, researchers found that 10,000 nearby residents had been exposed to less than 1 millisievert of radiation, significantly less than Chernobyl residents.
As of October 2012 radiation was still leaking into the ocean. Fishing in the waters around the site was still prohibited, and the levels of radioactive 134Cs and 137Cs in the fish caught were not lower than immediately after the disaster.
On 26 October 2012 TEPCO admitted that it could not stop radioactive material entering the ocean, although emission rates had stabilised. Undetected leaks could not be ruled out, because the reactor basements remained flooded. The company was building a 2,400-foot-long steel and concrete wall between the site and the ocean, reaching 100 feet below ground, but it would not be finished before mid-2014. Around August 2012 two greenling were caught close to shore. They contained more than 25,000 becquerels of caesium-137 per kilogram, the highest measured since the disaster and 250 times the government's safety limit.
On 22 July 2013 it was revealed that the plant continued to leak radioactive water into the ocean, something long suspected by local fishermen and independent investigators. TEPCO had previously denied that this was happening. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzō Abe ordered the government to step in.
On 20 August, in a further incident, it was announced that 300 metric tons of heavily contaminated water had leaked from a storage tank, approximately the same amount of water as one eighth (1/8) of that found in an Olympic-size swimming pool. The 300 metric tons of water was radioactive enough to be hazardous to nearby staff, and the leak was assessed as Level 3 on the International Nuclear Event Scale.
On 26 August, the government took charge of emergency measures to prevent further radioactive water leaks, reflecting their lack of confidence in TEPCO.
As of 2013, about 400 tonnes per day of cooling water was being pumped into the reactors. Another 400 tonnes of groundwater was seeping into the structure. Some 800 tonnes of water per day was removed for treatment, half of which was reused for cooling and half diverted to storage tanks. Ultimately the contaminated water, after treatment to remove radionuclides other than tritium, may have to be dumped into Pacific. TEPCO intend to create an underground ice wall to reduce the rate contaminated groundwater reaches the sea.
In February 2014, NHK reported that TEPCO was reviewing its radiation data, after finding much higher levels of radiation than was reported earlier. TEPCO now says that levels of 5 million becquerels of strontium per liter were detected in groundwater collected in July 2013 and not 900,000 becquerels, as initially reported.
In March 2014, numerous news sources, including NBC, began predicting that the radioactive underwater plume traveling through the Pacific Ocean would reach the western seaboard of the continental United States. Though the common story was that the amount of radioactivity would be harmless and temporary once it arrived.
Response.
Government agencies and TEPCO were unprepared for the "cascading nuclear disaster". The tsunami that "began the nuclear disaster could and should have been anticipated and that ambiguity about the roles of public and private institutions in such a crisis was a factor in the poor response at Fukushima". In March 2012, Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda said that the government shared the blame for the Fukushima disaster, saying that officials had been blinded by a false belief in the country's "technological infallibility", and were taken in by a "safety myth". Noda said "Everybody must share the pain of responsibility".
According to Naoto Kan, Japan's prime minister during the tsunami, the country was unprepared for the disaster, and nuclear power plants should not have been built so close to the ocean. Kan acknowledged flaws in authorities' handling of the crisis, including poor communication and coordination between nuclear regulators, utility officials and the government. He said the disaster "laid bare a host of an even bigger man-made vulnerabilities in Japan's nuclear industry and regulation, from inadequate safety guidelines to crisis management, all of which he said need to be overhauled".
Physicist and environmentalist Amory Lovins said: Japan's "rigid bureaucratic structures, reluctance to send bad news upwards, need to save face, weak development of policy alternatives, eagerness to preserve nuclear power's public acceptance, and politically fragile government, along with TEPCO's very hierarchical management culture, also contributed to the way the accident unfolded. Moreover, the information Japanese people receive about nuclear energy and its alternatives has long been tightly controlled by both TEPCO and the government".
Poor communication and delays.
The Japanese government did not keep records of key meetings during the crisis. Data from SPEEDI (System for Prediction of Environmental Emergency Dose Information) were emailed to the prefectural government, but not shared with others. Emails from NISA to Fukushima covering 12 March 11:54 PM to 16 March 9 AM holding vital information for evacuation and health advisories went unread and were deleted. The data was not used because the disaster countermeasure office regarded the data as "useless because the predicted amount of released radiation is unrealistic."
The Investigation Committee on the Accident at the Fukushima Nuclear Power Stations of Tokyo Electric Power Company's interim report stated that Japan's response was flawed by "poor communication and delays in releasing data on dangerous radiation leaks at the facility". The report blamed Japan's central government as well as TEPCO, "depicting a scene of harried officials incapable of making decisions to stem radiation leaks as the situation at the coastal plant worsened in the days and weeks following the disaster". The report said poor planning worsened the disaster response, noting that authorities had "grossly underestimated tsunami risks" that followed the magnitude 9.0 earthquake. The high tsunami that struck the plant was double the height of the highest wave predicted by officials. The erroneous assumption that the plant's cooling system would function after the tsunami worsened the disaster. "Plant workers had no clear instructions on how to respond to such a disaster, causing miscommunication, especially when the disaster destroyed backup generators."
In February 2012, the Rebuild Japan Initiative Foundation described how Japan's response was hindered by a loss of trust between the major actors: Prime Minister Kan, TEPCO's Tokyo headquarters and the plant manager. The report said that these conflicts "produced confused flows of sometimes contradictory information". According to the report, Kan delayed the cooling of the reactors by questioning the choice of seawater instead of fresh water, accusing him of micromanaging response efforts and appointing a small, closed, decision-making staff. The report stated that the Japanese government was slow to accept assistance from U.S. nuclear experts.
A 2012 report in "The Economist" said: "The operating company was poorly regulated and did not know what was going on. The operators made mistakes. The representatives of the safety inspectorate fled. Some of the equipment failed. The establishment repeatedly played down the risks and suppressed information about the movement of the radioactive plume, so some people were evacuated from more lightly to more heavily contaminated places".
From 17 to 19 March 2011, US military aircraft measured radiation within a 45-km radius of the site. The data recorded 125 microsieverts per hour of radiation as far as northwest of the plant. The US provided detailed maps to the Japanese Ministry of Economy, Trade, and Industry (METI) on 18 March and to the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology (MEXT) two days later, but officials did not act on the information.
The data were not forwarded to the prime minister's office or the Nuclear Safety Commission (NSC), nor were they used to direct the evacuation. Because a substantial portion of radioactive materials reached ground to the northwest, residents evacuated in this direction were unnecessarily exposed to radiation. According to NSC chief Tetsuya Yamamoto, "It was very regrettable that we didn't share and utilize the information." Itaru Watanabe, of the Science and Technology Policy Bureau, blamed the US for not releasing the data.
After the Americans published their map on 23 March, Japan published fallout maps compiled from ground measurements and SPEEDI the same day. On 19 June 2012 science minister Hirofumi Hirano stated that his "job was only to measure radiation levels on land" and that the government would study whether disclosure could have helped in the evacuation efforts.
Event rating.
The incident was rated 7 on the International Nuclear Event Scale (INES). This scale runs from 0, indicating an abnormal situation with no safety consequences, to 7, indicating an accident causing widespread contamination with serious health and environmental effects. Prior to Fukushima, the Chernobyl disaster was the only level 7 event on record, while the Three Mile Island accident was a level 5.
A 2012 analysis of the intermediate and long-lived radiation released found about 10-20% of that released from the Chernobyl disaster. Approximately 15 PBq of caesium-137 was released; compared with approximately 85 PBq of caesium-137 at Chernobyl, indicating the release of of caesium-137.
Unlike Chernobyl, all the Japanese reactors were in concrete containment vessels, which limited the release of strontium-90, americium-241 and plutonium, which were among the radioisotopes released by the earlier incident.
Some 500 PBq of iodine-131 were released, compared to approximately 1,760 PBq at Chernobyl. Iodine-131 has a half life of 8.02 days; decaying into a stable nucleide. After ten half lives (80.2 days) 99.9% has decayed to xenon-131, a stable isotope.
Aftermath.
No deaths followed short term radiation exposure, while 15,884 died (as of 10 February 2014) due to the earthquake and tsunami.
Risks from radiation.
Very few cancers would be expected as a result of accumulated radiation exposures, even though people in the area worst affected by Japan's Fukushima nuclear accident have a slightly higher risk of developing certain cancers such as leukemia, solid cancers, thyroid cancer and breast cancer.
Estimated effective doses from the accident outside of Japan are considered to be below (or far below) the dose levels regarded as very small by the international radiological protection community.
In 2013 WHO reported that area residents who were evacuated were exposed to so little radiation that radiation induced health impacts were likely to be below detectable levels. The health risks were calculated by applying conservative assumptions, including the conservative Linear no-threshold model of radiation exposure, a model that assumes even the smallest amount of radiation exposure will cause a negative health effect. The report indicated that for those infants in the most affected areas, lifetime cancer risk would increase by about 1%, It predicted that populations in the most contaminated areas faced a 70% higher relative risk of developing thyroid cancer for females exposed as infants, and a 7% higher relative risk of leukemia in males exposed as infants and a 6% higher relative risk of breast cancer in females exposed as infants. One-third of involved emergency workers would have increased cancer risks.
Cancer risks for fetuses were similar to those in 1 year old infants. The estimated cancer risk to children and adults was lower than infants. The stated risks were relative and not absolute. The baseline risk of thyroid cancer in females is 0.75%, predicted to increase to 1.25%, a "70% higher relative risk":
Stanford University professor Mark Z. Jacobson and colleague John Ten Hoeve suggested that according to the linear no-threshold model (LNT model) the accident would most likely cause 130 cancer deaths. Radiation epidemiologist Roy Shore countered that estimating health effects from the LNT model "is not wise because of the uncertainties". The LNT model greatly overestimated casualties from Chernobyl, Hiroshima or Nagasaki; instead. Evidence that the LNT model was invalid has existed since 1946 and was suppressed by Nobel Prize winner Hermann Muller.
On April 30, 2014, Studies confirmed the presence of radioactive tuna fish off the coasts of the pacific U.S. Researchers carried out tests on 26 albacore tuna fish caught prior to the 2011 power plant disaster and those caught after. Although levels were small, evidence is still present on the fish from the Fukushima nuclear disaster.
Thyroid screening program.
The World Health Organization stated that a 2013 thyroid ultrasound screening programme was, due to the screening effect, likely to lead to an increase in recorded thyroid cases due to early detection of non-symptomatic disease cases. The overwhelming majority of thyroid growths are benign growths that will never cause symptoms, illness or death, even if nothing is ever done about the growth. Autopsy studies on people who died from other causes show that more than one third of adults technically have a thyroid growth/cancer.
According to the Tenth Report of the Fukushima Prefecture Health Management Survey released in February 2013, more than 40% of children screened around Fukushima prefecture were diagnosed with thyroid abnormalities and that 10 of 186 eligible are suspected of having thyroid cancer as a result of the exposed radiation. As of August 2013, there have been more than 40 children newly diagnosed with thyroid cancer and other cancers in Fukushima prefecture as a whole. In November 2013, another report from the Fukushima Prefectural Government revealed that more children have been diagnosed with confirmed or suspected thyroid cancer. The number of children diagnosed with thyroid cancer was 59. Furthermore, the report claims that in Fukushima prefecture, 12 people per 100,000 who were aged 18 or younger at the time of the accident developed thyroid cancer. This figure is contrasted by a 2007 figure where 1.7 people per 100,000 in the general population between the ages of 15 and 19 contracted the cancer according to statistics taken in four prefectures, including nearby Miyagi.
Thyroid cancer is one of the most survivable cancers, with an approximate 94% survival rate after first diagnosis. That rate increases to a 100% survival rate with catching it early.
Chernobyl comparison.
Radiation deaths at Chernobyl were also statistically undetectable. Only 0.1% of the 110,000 cleanup workers surveyed had as of 2012 developed leukemia, although not all cases resulted from the accident.
Data from Chernobyl showed that there was a steady then sharp increase in thyroid cancer rates following the disaster in 1986, but whether this data can be directly compared to Fukushima is yet to be determined.
Chernobyl thyroid cancer incidence rates did not begin to increase above the prior baseline value of about 0.7 cases per 100,000 people per year until 1989 to 1991, 3–5 years after the incident in both adolescent and child age groups. From 1989 to 2005, an excess of 4,000 children and adolescent cases of thyroid cancer were observed. Nine of these had died as of 2005, a 99% survival rate.
Effects on evacuees.
Evacuation decreased perceived health status.
In the former Soviet Union many patients with negligible radioactive exposure after the Chernobyl disaster displayed extreme anxiety about radiation exposure. They developed many psychosomatic problems, including radiophobia along with an increase in fatalistic alcoholism. As Japanese health and radiation specialist Shunichi Yamashita noted:
A survey by the Iitate local government obtained responses from approximately 1,743 evacuees within the evacuation zone. The survey showed that many residents are experiencing growing frustration, instability and an inability to return to their earlier lives. Sixty percent of respondents stated that their health and the health of their families had deteriorated after evacuating, while 39.9% reported feeling more irritated compared to before the disaster.
Summarizing all responses to questions related to evacuees' current family status, one-third of all surveyed families live apart from their children, while 50.1% live away from other family members (including elderly parents) with whom they lived before the disaster. The survey also showed that 34.7% of the evacuees have suffered salary cuts of 50% or more since the outbreak of the nuclear disaster. A total of 36.8% reported a lack of sleep, while 17.9% reported smoking or drinking more than before they evacuated.
Stress often manifests in physical ailments, including behavioral changes such as poor dietary choices, lack of exercise and sleep deprivation. Survivors, including some who lost homes, villages and family members, were found likely to face mental health and physical challenges. Much of the stress came from lack of information and from relocation.
A Mainichi Shimbun survey computed that of some 300,000 evacuees, approximately 1,600 deaths related to the evacuation conditions, such as living in temporary housing and hospital closures that had occurred as of August 2013, a number comparable to the 1,599 deaths directly caused by the earthquake and tsunami in the Prefecture. The exact causes of these evacuation related deaths were not specified, because according to the municipalities, that would hinder relatives applying for compensation.
While some articles have drawn an effect on the mortality rate for infants in the Pacific Northwest since the crisis, Scientific American revealed that the underlying statistical analysis was questionable.
Radiation releases.
In June 2011, TEPCO stated the amount of contaminated water in the complex had increased due to substantial rainfall. On 13 February 2014, TEPCO reported 37,000 becquerels of cesium-134 and 93,000 becquerels of cesium-137 were detected per liter of groundwater sampled from a monitoring well.
Insurance.
According to reinsurer Munich Re, the private insurance industry will not be significantly affected by the disaster. Swiss Re similarly stated, "Coverage for nuclear facilities in Japan excludes earthquake shock, fire following earthquake and tsunami, for both physical damage and liability. Swiss Re believes that the incident at the Fukushima nuclear power plant is unlikely to result in a significant direct loss for the property & casualty insurance industry."
Energy policy implications.
By March 2012, one year after the disaster, all but two of Japan's nuclear reactors had been shut down; some had been damaged by the quake and tsunami. Authority to restart the others after scheduled maintenance throughout the year was given to local governments, who in all cases decided against. According to "The Japan Times", the disaster changed the national debate over energy policy almost overnight. "By shattering the government's long-pitched safety myth about nuclear power, the crisis dramatically raised public awareness about energy use and sparked strong anti-nuclear sentiment". A June 2011 Asahi Shimbun poll of 1,980 respondents found that 74% answered "yes" to whether Japan should gradually decommission all 54 reactors and become nuclear-free. An energy white paper, approved by the Japanese Cabinet in October 2011, says "public confidence in safety of nuclear power was greatly damaged" by the disaster and called for a reduction in the nation's reliance on nuclear power. It also omitted a section on nuclear power expansion that was in the previous year's policy review.
Michael Banach, the current Vatican representative to the IAEA, told a conference in Vienna in September 2011 that the disaster created new concerns about the safety of nuclear plants globally. Auxiliary Bishop of Osaka Michael Goro Matsuura said this incident should cause Japan and other countries to abandon nuclear projects. He called on the worldwide Christian community to support this anti-nuclear campaign. Statements from Bishops' conferences in Korea and the Philippines called on their governments to abandon atomic power. Author Kenzaburō Ōe, who received a Nobel prize in literature, urged Japan to abandon its reactors.
The nuclear plant closest to the epicenter of the earthquake, the Onagawa Nuclear Power Plant, successfully withstood the cataclysm. According to Reuters it may serve as a "trump card" for the nuclear lobby, providing evidence that it is possible for a correctly designed and operated nuclear facility to withstand such a cataclysm.
The loss of 30% of the country's generating capacity led to much greater reliance on liquified natural gas and coal. Unusual conservation measures were undertaken. In the immediate aftermath, nine prefectures served by TEPCO experienced power rationing. The government asked major companies to reduce power consumption by 15%, and some shifted their weekends to weekdays to smooth power demand. Converting to a nuclear-free gas and oil energy economy would cost tens of billions of dollars in annual fees. One estimate is that even including the disaster, more lives would have been lost if Japan had used coal or gas plants instead of nuclear.
Many energy policy analysts have begun calling for a phase-out of nuclear power in Japan, including Amory Lovins, who claimed, "Japan is poor in "fuels", but is the richest of all major industrial countries in renewable "energy" that can meet the entire long-term energy needs of an energy-efficient Japan, at lower cost and risk than current plans. Japanese industry can do it faster than anyone — "if" Japanese policymakers acknowledge and allow it". Benjamin K. Sovacool asserted that Japan could have exploited instead its renewable energy base. Japan has a total of "324 GW of achievable potential in the form of onshore and offshore wind turbines (222 GW), geothermal power plants (70  GW), additional hydroelectric capacity (26.5 GW), solar energy (4.8 GW) and agricultural residue (1.1 GW)."
Environmental activists at a 2011 United Nations meeting in Bangkok used the disaster to promote renewable energy. In August 2011, the Japanese Government passed a bill to subsidize electricity from renewable sources. This legislation, effective 1 July 2012, requires utilities to buy electricity generated by renewable sources including solar, wind and geothermal at above-market rates.
In September 2011, Mycle Schneider said that the disaster can be understood as a unique chance "to get it right" on energy policy. "Germany – with its nuclear phase-out decision based on a highly successful renewable energy program – and Japan – having suffered a painful shock but possessing unique technical capacities and societal discipline – can be at the forefront of an authentic paradigm shift toward a truly sustainable, low-carbon and nuclear-free energy policy".
, Japan planned to build a pilot offshore floating wind farm, with six 2-megawatt turbines, off the Fukushima coast. The first became operational in November 2013. After the evaluation phase is complete in 2016, "Japan plans to build as many as 80 floating wind turbines off Fukushima by 2020." In 2012, Prime Minister Kan said the disaster made it clear to him that "Japan needs to dramatically reduce its dependence on nuclear power, which supplied 30% of its electricity before the crisis, and has turned him into a believer of renewable energy". Sales of solar panels in Japan rose 30.7% to 1,296 megawatts in 2011, helped by a government scheme to promote renewable energy. Canadian Solar received financing for its plans to build a factory in Japan with capacity of 150 megawatts, scheduled to begin production in 2014.
As of September 2012, most Japanese people supported the elimination of nuclear power, and Prime Minister Noda and the Japanese government announced plans to make the country nuclear-free by the 2030s. They announced the end of new construction of nuclear power plants and a 40-year limit on existing nuclear plants, Nuclear plant restarts must meet safety standards of the new independent regulatory authority. The plan requires investing $500 billion over 20 years.
On 16 December 2012, Japan held a general election. Voters gave the Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) a clear victory. Shinzō Abe became Prime Minister. Abe supported nuclear power, saying that leaving the plants closed was costing the country 4 trillion yen per year in higher costs. The comment came after Junichiro Koizumi, who chose Abe to succeed him as premier, made a recent statement to urge the government to take a stance against using nuclear power. A survey of local mayors by the Yomiuri Shimbun newspaper in January 2013 found that most of them from cities hosting nuclear plants would agree to restarting the reactors, provided the government could guarantee their safety. More than 30,000 people marched on 2 June 2013, in Tokyo against restarting nuclear power plants. Marchers had gathered more than 8 million petition signatures opposing nuclear power.
In October 2013, it was reported that TEPCO and eight other Japanese power companies were paying approximately 3.6 trillion yen (37 billion dollars) more in combined imported fossil fuel costs compared to 2010, before the accident, to make up for the missing power.
Equipment, facility and operational changes.
A number of nuclear reactor safety system lessons emerged from the incident. The most obvious was that in tsunami-prone areas, a power station's sea wall must be adequately tall and robust. At the Onagawa Nuclear Power Plant, closer to the epicenter of 11 March earthquake and tsunami, the sea wall was 14 meters tall and successfully withstood the tsunami, preventing serious damage and radiation releases.
Nuclear power station operators around the world began to install Passive Auto-catalytic hydrogen Recombiners ("PARs"), which do not require electricity to operate. PARs work much like the catalytic converter on the exhaust of a car to turn potentially explosive gases such as hydrogen into water. Had such devices been positioned at the top of Fukushima I's reactor and containment buildings, where hydrogen gas collected, the explosions would not have occurred and the releases of radioactive isotopes would arguably have been much less.
Unpowered filtering systems on containment building vent lines, known as Filtered Containment Venting Systems (FCVS) can safely catch radioactive materials and thereby allow reactor core de-pressurization, with steam and hydrogen venting with minimal radiation emissions. Filtration using an external water tank system is the most common in European countries, with the water tank positioned outside the containment building. In October 2013, the owners of Kashiwazaki-Kariwa nuclear power station began installing wet filters and other safety systems, with completion anticipated in 2014.
In generation II reactors in flood or tsunami prone areas, a 3+ day supply of back-up batteries has become an infomal industry standard. Another change is to harden the location of back-up diesel generator rooms with water-tight, blast-resistant doors and heat sinks, similar to those used by nuclear submarines. The oldest operating nuclear power station in the world, Beznau, which has been operating since 1969, has a 'Notstand' hardened building designed to support all of its systems independently for 72 hours in the event of an earthquake or severe flooding. This system was built prior to Fukushima Daiichi.
Upon a station blackout, like the one that occurred after Fukushima's back-up battery supply was exhausted, many already constructed Generation III reactors adopt the principle of passive nuclear safety. They take advantage of convection (hot water tends to rise) and gravity (water tends to fall) to ensure an adequate supply of cooling water and do not require pumps to handle the decay heat.
Reactions.
Japan.
Japanese authorities later admitted to lax standards and poor oversight. They took fire for their handling of the emergency and engaged in a pattern of withholding and denying damaging information. Authorities allegedly wanted to "limit the size of costly and disruptive evacuations in land-scarce Japan and to avoid public questioning of the politically powerful nuclear industry". Public anger emerged over an "official campaign to play down the scope of the accident and the potential health risks".
In many cases, the Japanese government's reaction was judged to be less than adequate by many in Japan, especially those who were living in the region. Decontamination equipment was slow to be made available and then slow to be utilized. As late as June 2011, even rainfall continued to cause fear and uncertainty in eastern Japan because of its possibility of washing radiation from the sky back to earth.
To assuage fears, the government enacted an order to decontaminate over a hundred areas with a level contamination greater than or equivalent to one millisievert of radiation. This is a much lower threshold than is necessary for protecting health. The government also sought to address the lack of education on the effects of radiation and the extent to which the average person was exposed.
Previously a proponent of building more reactors, Kan took an increasingly anti-nuclear stance following the disaster. In May 2011, he ordered the aging Hamaoka Nuclear Power Plant closed over earthquake and tsunami concerns, and said he would freeze building plans. In July 2011, Kan said, "Japan should reduce and eventually eliminate its dependence on nuclear energy". In October 2013, he said that if the worst-case scenario had been realized, 50 million people within a 250-kilometer radius would have had to evacuate.
On 22 August 2011, a government spokesman mentioned the possibility that some areas around the plant "could stay for some decades a forbidden zone". According to Yomiuri Shimbun the Japanese government was planning to buy some properties from civilians to store waste and materials that had become radioactive after the accidents. Chiaki Takahashi, Japan's foreign minister, criticized foreign media reports as excessive. He added that he could "understand the concerns of foreign countries over recent developments at the nuclear plant, including the radioactive contamination of seawater".
Due to frustration with TEPCO and the Japanese government "providing differing, confusing, and at times contradictory, information on critical health issues" a citizen's group called "Safecast" recorded detailed radiation level data in Japan. The Japanese government "does not consider nongovernment readings to be authentic". The group uses off-the-shelf Geiger counter equipment. A simple Geiger counter is a contamination meter and not a dose rate meter. The response differs too much between different radioisotopes to permit a simple GM tube for dose rate measurements when more than one radioisotope is present. A thin metal shield is needed around a GM tube to provide energy compensation to enable it to be used for dose rate measurements. For gamma emitters either an ionization chamber, a gamma spectrometer or an energy compensated GM tube are required. Members of the Air Monitoring station facility at the Department of Nuclear Engineering at the University of Berkeley, California have tested many environmental samples in Northern California.
International.
The international reaction to the disaster was diverse and widespread. Many inter-governmental agencies immediately offered help, often on an ad hoc basis. Responders included IAEA, World Meteorological Organization and the Preparatory Commission for the Comprehensive Nuclear Test Ban Treaty Organization.
In May 2011, UK chief inspector of nuclear installations Mike Weightman traveled to Japan as the lead of an International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) expert mission. The main finding of this mission, as reported to the IAEA ministerial conference that month, was that risks associated with tsunamis in several sites in Japan had been underestimated.
In September 2011, IAEA Director General Yukiya Amano said the Japanese nuclear disaster "caused deep public anxiety throughout the world and damaged confidence in nuclear power". Many countries advised their nationals to leave Tokyo. Events at Fukushima "cast doubt on the idea that even an advanced economy can master nuclear safety". Following the disaster, the IAEA halved its estimate of additional nuclear generating capacity to be built by 2035.
Anti-nuclear demonstrations were followed by a significant reevaluation of existing nuclear power programs in many countries. Germany closed off its old nuclear power reactors and decided to phase the rest out by 2022. Italy held a national referendum, in which 94 percent voted against the government's plan to build new nuclear power plants. The same happened in Switzerland, and later Belgium. In France the strongly pro-nuclear government was defeated in a national election and with 70 percent of the public opposing nuclear in some polls, it was replaced by a government promising to radically reduce reliance on nuclear power. In June 2011 an opinion poll from Ipsos MORI reveled that 62% of the citizens of 24 different countries across the world were opposed to nuclear energy.
Nuclear power plans were abandoned in Malaysia, the Philippines, Kuwait and Bahrain, or radically changed, as in Taiwan. China suspended its nuclear development programme, but restarted it on a reduced basis in late 2012 with the government approving a ‘small number’ of projects in each of the following five years. The initial plan had been to increase the nuclear contribution from 2 to 4 percent of electricity by 2020, but renewable energy already supplied 17 percent of China’s electricity and, post-Fukushima, it seemed likely that most of the 15 percent of non-fossil energy that China aims to use by 2020 will be from renewables.
Stock prices of energy companies reliant on nuclear sources dropped, while renewable energy companies increased. In the United States output from renewable energy had already overtaken that from nuclear and after Fukushima some proposed nuclear projects collapsed. With renewables booming and nuclear costs rising, it seemed as if nuclear contribution will progressively fall.
New nuclear projects were proceeding in some countries. The United Kingdom was still planning a major nuclear expansion. So is Russia. Despite massive protests, India is also pressing ahead with a large nuclear programme, as is South Korea.
Investigations.
NAIIC.
The Fukushima Nuclear Accident Independent Investigation Commission (NAIIC) was the first independent investigation commission by the National Diet in the 66-year history of Japan's constitutional government.
Fukushima "cannot be regarded as a natural disaster," the NAIIC panel's chairman, Tokyo University professor emeritus Kiyoshi Kurokawa, wrote in the inquiry report. "It was a profoundly man-made disaster -- that could and should have been foreseen and prevented. And its effects could have been mitigated by a more effective human response." "Governments, regulatory authorities and Tokyo Electric Power lacked a sense of responsibility to protect people's lives and society," the Commission said. "They effectively betrayed the nation's right to be safe from nuclear accidents.
The Commission recognized that the affected residents were still struggling and facing grave concerns, including the "health effects of radiation exposure, displacement, the dissolution of families, disruption of their lives and lifestyles and the contamination of vast areas of the environment".
Investigation Committee.
The purpose of the Investigation Committee on the Accident at the Fukushima Nuclear Power Stations (ICANPS) was to identify the disaster's causes and propose policies designed to minimize the damage and prevent the recurrence of similar incidents. The 10 member, government-appointed panel included scholars, journalists, lawyers and engineers. It was supported by public prosecutors and government experts and released its final, 448-page investigation report on 23 July 2012.
The panel's report faulted an inadequate legal system for nuclear crisis management, a crisis-command disarray caused by the government and TEPCO, and possible excess meddling on the part of the Prime Minister's office in the crisis' early stage. The panel concluded that a culture of complacency about nuclear safety and poor crisis management led to the nuclear disaster.

</doc>
<doc id="31162828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162828" title="Mark Vishniak">
Mark Vishniak

Mark Veniaminovich Vishniak (1883–1977) was a Russian socialist, journalist and writer.
Early Activism.
M.V. Vishniak was born in Moscow in 1883, the son of a wealthy merchant. He was a childhood friend of the future Socialist-Revolutionary leaders A.R. Gots and I.I. Fondaminsky. As a law student at Moscow University he came in contact with Narodnik circles, but he did not join the Socialist-Revolutionary Party (PSR) until 1905, when he was radicalised by the Revolution of 1905. He was a delegate at the PSR Congress in 1906. Vishniak contributed to several party journals under the pseudonym 'Veniamin Marks'. Under that name he wrote "The Legal Status of Jews in Russia", one of the earliest sustained discussion of the condition of Russian Jews. In 1906 he was arrested and deported Narimski but escaped. Over the next ten years, he was repeatedly arrested, escaped several times and spent time abroad (mainly in France).
Defencism and Revolution.
In 1914 he took a Defencist position. After the February Revolution of 1917, he was elected to the All-Russian Congress of Soviets of Peasants' Deputies and to the Executive Committee of the All-Russian Soviet of Peasants' Deputies. Vishniak belonged to the commission which drafted the proceedings for elections to the Constituent Assembly. He belonged to the Interim Council of the Repuiblic (Pre-Parliament) and was elected to the short-lived Constituent Assembly (which the Bolsheviks suspended after one day).
Vishniak was fiercely opposed to the October Revolution. He prticipated in anti-Bolshevik activities. In 1918 he moved to Ukraine, where he fell foul of the government of Herman Skoropadski and was arrested. After the Hetman fell, Vishniak was released. In 1919 he emigrated to Western Europe, living mainly in Paris, France, until 1940.
Exile in Europe.
In France Vishniak was active among Russian exiles and in the Jewish community. He attended the Paris Peace Conference in 1919 as a delegate for the Jewish people and had become a supporter of socialist Zionism. He also belonged to the World Congress of Jewish Minorities. Within the exile community he was close to resolute anti-Bolsheviks like Fondaminsky and even co-operated with P.B. Struve and P.N. Miliukov. In the internecine factional struggles of the PSR, he stood on the right. He contributed to several émigré journals, including "Sovremennye zapiski" ("Contemporary Annals") and the "Ebreiskaia Tribuna" (the "Jewish Tribune"). From 1937 on he edited "Russkie Zapiskii" ("Russian Notes"). When Hitler invaded France, Vishniak escaped to the United States, but he could not persuade his friend Fondaminsky to flee; Fondaminsky was later killed in Auschwitz.
Exile in America.
Vishniak himself settled in New York. He became an American citizen and a respected figure in American journalism and academia: He served on the editorial board of "Time" Magazine and worked as its consultant on Russian affairs. He also taught Russian language and literature at Cornell University. One of his students was the historian Richard Pipes. Vishniak wrote prolifically on the history of the Russian Revolution, Bolshevism and Soviet policy, his memoirs, the Jewish community, etc. His memoirs include "A Tribute to the Past" (1954) and "Years of Emigration, 1919-1969." He died in New York in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="31162842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162842" title="Salif Sané">
Salif Sané

Salif Sané (born 25 August 1990) is a professional footballer who plays for Hannover 96 as a defender.
Early and personal life.
Sané was born in Lormont, France to Senegalese parents. His older brother is fellow footballer Ludovic Sané.
Career.
Club career.
Born in Lormont, Sané spent his early career playing club football in France for Bordeaux, Nancy and Nancy II. In June 2012 Sané rejected an offer from Belgian club Anderlecht. In May 2013 it was announced that he would transfer to German club Hannover 96 on 1 July 2013, signing a four-year contract with the club.
International career.
In September 2012, Sané announced his intention to play international football for Senegal. He received his first international call up from Senegal in May 2013. He made his international debut later that year, and he has played in FIFA World Cup qualifying matches.

</doc>
<doc id="31162846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162846" title="Men's Low-Kick at WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade -91 kg">
Men's Low-Kick at WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade -91 kg

The men's heavyweight (91 kg/200.2 lbs) Low-Kick category at the W.A.K.O. World Championships 2007 in Belgrade was the second heaviest of the male Low-Kick tournaments, involving twelve fighters from three continents (Europe, Asia and Africa). Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under Low-Kick rules.
As there were too few fighters for a sixteen-man tournament, four of the competitors received byes through to the quarter finals. The tournament gold medallist was Yauhen Anhalevich from Belarus who defeated final opponent the Croatian Igor Jurkovic by split decision. Defeated semi finalists Dmitriy Antonenko from Russia and Abdeslam Narjiss from Morocco took bronze.

</doc>
<doc id="31162856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162856" title="ZAP (satellite television)">
ZAP (satellite television)

ZAP is a digital satellite television provider mainly for Portuguese speaking countries in sub-Saharan Africa. ZAP launched in Angola in 2010, providing a subscription based TV service covering the sub-Saharan countries to south of Angola. ZAP operates from the Eutelsat W7 satellite, placed over Africa at 36,0 degrees East, broadcasting in DVB-S2 in five transponders with MPEG-4 compression and Nagravision encryption.
ZAP provides an unprecedented number of Portuguese-language channels for a region where Portuguese-speaking African countries account for more than 40 million people.
In order to subscribe to ZAP's television service a subscriber can use either one of the two available decoders. The "HD+" decodes the encrypted signal, provides an Electronic Programming Guide, High Definition image and 5.1 stereo sound. The "HD+DVR" decoder provides the additional functionality of Digital Video Recorder.
Channels.
ZAP currently offers 100 channels, including several HDTV channels, featuring TV series, films, music, children’s programmes, news, sports and documentaries. The subscribers may chose one of three tiered channel packages: "Mini" with 35 channels; "Max" with 80 channels; and "Premium" with 100 channels.
Additionally ZAP provides several radio channels.

</doc>
<doc id="31162861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162861" title="List of Wild Kratts episodes">
List of Wild Kratts episodes

This is a list of episodes for the series, "Wild Kratts".
Season 2: 2012-2014.
Some episodes were first aired on TVO.
Season 3: 2014.
This is the second season to begin with a view of the Earth before the Kratt brothers are shown introducing the audience. Wild Kratts “Season 3 Premiere Week” – April 7–11 at PBS KIDS

</doc>
<doc id="31162864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162864" title="Bill Waterton">
Bill Waterton

Squadron Leader Bill Waterton GM AFC* (18 March 1916 – 17 April 2006) was a Canadian test pilot and correspondent for the "Daily Express". He was awarded the George Medal for saving the flight data when he landed at great risk the prototype Gloster Javelin after it lost its controls during a test flight.
Early years.
Born in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada in 1916, W. A. Waterton was brought up in Camrose, Alberta. His family originally came from north Sydenham Township and settled in Owen Sound, Ontario. He was interested in flying from an early age.
Aviation career.
Second World War.
Entering the Royal Military College of Canada in 1935, after two years at the school, where he was a champion middleweight boxer, Waterton had applied without success to the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF) and Canadian Army in 1938. Ultimately, he was accepted on a short service commission for the Royal Air Force (RAF) which was expanding rapidly in expectation of war. In Britain, he took flying lessons and joined the RAF on 10 June 1939. He was first posted to No. 242 Squadron RAF and flew Hawker Hurricanes from Biggin Hill and Manston during the Battle of France. In operations over Dunkirk on 25 May 1940, he crashed near Dover and suffered severe head injuries. When Waterton returned to flying duties, he was sent to No. 6 Operational Training Unit. His skills as an instructor were recognised and he was made a flying instructor, training hundreds of pilots for over two years in both the UK and Canada.
Test flying.
After a stint with Transatlantic Ferry Command in 1943, and initially posted to No. 124 Squadron in September 1943, he was transferred to 1409 (Meteorological) Flight. In 1944, Waterton applied to the Air Fighting Development Unit based at Wittering in Lincolnshire which assessed captured enemy aircraft by flying them in mock combat against the greatest variety of Allied aircraft. During this period, he amassed a great deal of test flying in devising tactics for Fighter Command based on the actual performance of aircraft in "real life" conditions. Along with other colleagues, Waterton was sent to No. 5 Empire Test Pilots' School (ETPS) at Hanworth, Middlesex.
Postwar.
After the war when Waterton was at the Central Fighter Establishment, he was selected for the High Speed Flight, preparing for an attempt at the world airspeed record with the RAF's first jet fighter, the Gloster Meteor. He achieved an average speed of 614 mph with Meteor IV EE550, only two mph less than that of the team leader E. M. Donaldson who established a new record with EE549 on 7 September 1946.
Gloster Aircraft Company.
Following the high speed flights, Waterton joined the Gloster Aircraft Company in September 1946 as a development test pilot. He became the company's Chief Test Pilot, primarily in charge of experimental fight testing their new designs, the Meteor family, the experimental Gloster E.1/44, and the delta-wing Gloster GA.5 which entered service as the Gloster Javelin. He also was involved in acceptance test flying on production aircraft.
On 6 February 1948, Waterton set the world 100 kilometres closed circuit air speed record flying a Gloster Meteor IV at 524.95 mph, although his record was broken a few weeks later by Mike Lithgow in a Supermarine Attacker.
In 1950, Waterton was loaned to Avro Canada for the test flights of the Avro CF-100 Canuck because as a Canadian by birth, and as an experienced test pilot, it was considered a public relations triumph for the parent Hawker Siddeley Group. On 19 January 1950, he piloted the CF-100 prototype on its maiden flight, and stayed on as the aircraft proceeded through its company development trials and throughout a United States Air Force "fly-off" competition in May 1950.
On his return to Gloster in 1951, Waterton found that he was continually at odds with management and even though he continued test flying, gave his superiors an ultimatum to address deficiencies in the Javelin fighter, that ended with his discharge in 1954.
Aviation correspondent.
Following his dismissal from Gloster, Waterton became an aviation correspondent for the "Daily Express"; his columns fearlessly criticising British aviation and its aircraft. In 1955, he collaborated with "Daily Express" sub-editor Timothy Hewat on a book covering the de Havilland Comet crashes: "The Comet Riddle".
The following year, Waterton published his autobiography "The Quick and the Dead" in which he accused the British aviation industry of being badly run, aiming for a quick profit and lagging behind the Soviet and US industry. Due to advertiser pressure, Waterton was fired by the "Daily Express", and his departure was covered on their own front page: "We Sacked Waterton - and Why".
Later years.
Thereafter, Waterton moved back to Canada to his hometown of Owen Sound, Ontario and largely led a life out of the public eye. During his later years, he continued to fly as an instructor and taught Eddie Sargent, the colourful and popular Owen Sound mayor, member of provincial parliament, newspaper publisher, promoter and record-holding swimmer, to fly. Waterton died in 2006, and was buried in Oxenden cemetery; his final wish was to be buried with water close by, and even closer is the end of the runway of the nearby Wiarton Airport, Wiarton, Ontario.
Honours and awards.
In 2003, Waterton was made an associate member of the Empire Test Pilots' School Association. Although covering a broad overview of the aerospace industry in the 1950s and 1960s, James Hamilton-Paterson exhaustively profiled Waterton's career in the recent, "Empire of the Clouds: When Britain's Aircraft Ruled the World" (2010).

</doc>
<doc id="31162865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162865" title="Men's Low-Kick at WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade +91 kg">
Men's Low-Kick at WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade +91 kg

The men's super heavyweight (over 91 kg/200.2 lbs) Low-Kick category at the W.A.K.O. World Championships 2007 in Belgrade was the second heaviest of the male Low-Kick tournaments, involving twelve fighters from three continents (Europe, Asia and Africa). Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under Low-Kick rules.
As there were no enough contestants for a sixteen-man tournament, four of the fighters received byes through to the quarter finals. The tournament gold medallist was Dragan Jovanović from Serbia who defeated Mikhail Shvoev from Russia in the final by unanimous decision. Defeated semi finalists Hafiz Bahshaliyev from Azerbaijan and Ruslan Aushev from Kazakhstan won bronze medals.

</doc>
<doc id="31162882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162882" title="St John the Baptist's Church, Burringham">
St John the Baptist's Church, Burringham

St John the Baptist's Church, Burringham, is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Burringham, Lincolnshire, England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building, and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands at the south end of the village, on the east bank of the River Trent.
History.
The church was built in 1856–57 to a design by S. S. Teulon. It closed in 1983, and was declared redundant the following year.
Architecture.
Exterior.
St John's is constructed in red brick with English bond brickwork. The details are in black brick and limestone ashlar. The roofs of the body of the church are slated, and the porch has a concrete tile roof. Its plan consists of a five-bay nave, a chancel with an apse and an organ chamber and vestry on the north side, and a west tower incorporating a porch. The tower is short, and has buttresses at its junction with the nave, and a stair turret at the northwest angle. It has a two-light north window, and a similar but larger three-light west window. Above the porch is a trefoil containing three blocked trefoils and a roundel in the centre. There is a brick frieze under the eaves, and on the summit of the tower is a pyramidal roof with a pinnacle. The south porch has buttresses flanking a trefoil-headed doorway, and a four-bay blind arcade on each side. On the sides of the nave are two-light windows. The chancel has lancet windows, and three two-light windows in the apse. At the eastern end of the roof is a pinnacle.
Interior.
The interior of the church is decorated in polychrome brick, in red, yellow and black. It is floored with polychrome encaustic tiles. The font is octagonal, with coloured encaustic tiled panels. There is 19th-century stained glass in the south and east windows. The ceiling above the altar is painted with stars and constellations. The organ had been made in 1849 by Forster and Andrews for St Andrew's Church, Epworth. It was moved here and restored at an unknown date by T. L. Jubb and Son.
External features.
The churchyard extension contains the war graves of two soldiers of the Second World War.

</doc>
<doc id="31162883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162883" title="Vasile Gheorghe">
Vasile Gheorghe

Vasile Gheorghe (born 9 May 1985 in Brăila) is a Romanian footballer midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="31162893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162893" title="Chesneya elegans">
Chesneya elegans

Chesneya elegans is a flowering plant species in the genus "Chesneya" found in Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="31162896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162896" title="Mamaison">
Mamaison

Mamaison Hotels & Residences is a collection of 10 midscale to upscale hotels and residences, with a total of 765 rooms. The properties are located in major cities in The Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland, Slovakia and Russia.
The hotels are branded into three categories: Boutique Hotels, Business & Conference Hotels and All-Suites Residence Hotels.
The parent companies are ORCO Property Group, S.A. a real estate development company, based in Luxembourg and American International Group inc., an American insurance corporation.
History.
Founded in 1991 by Jean-Francois Ott, Ott bought his first hotel, the Mamaison Hotel Andrassy in Budapest, in 1999. Residence Masaryk was also purchased and opened in 1999, as an extended-stay hotel.
Future hotel sites under consideration are St. Petersburg and Berlin.
Awards.
Number of world awards for Mamaison:

</doc>
<doc id="31162898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162898" title="Biathlon World Championships 2011 – Women's relay">
Biathlon World Championships 2011 – Women's relay

The Women's relay of the Biathlon World Championships 2011 was held on March 13, 2011 at 15:00. 20 nations will participate.

</doc>
<doc id="31162907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162907" title="Untitled (Kelly)">
Untitled (Kelly)

Untitled is an abstract sculpture by Ellsworth Kelly.
Constructed in 1986 of stainless steel, it is at the Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden.
In 1959, he cut a folded paper coffee top, which he developed into his "rocker" series of abstract sculptures, which he produced from 1963 to 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="31162915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162915" title="Francisca Cooper Integral Evacuation and School Safety Plan">
Francisca Cooper Integral Evacuation and School Safety Plan

The Francisca Cooper Integral Evacuation and School Safety Plan (), mostly known as Operación Deyse (, "Deyse" being the acronym for "de evacuación y seguridad escolar", in English "of evacuation and school safety"), is an emergency management system implemented in Chile for educational establishments. It was created in 1977 by the National Emergencies Office of the Interior Ministry of Chile, ONEMI.
In 2005, the ONEMI and the Ministry of Education decided to change the name of the security plan to "Francisca Cooper Plan", after a Chilean woman that died after the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami, however, the plan is still called "Deyse".

</doc>
<doc id="31162923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162923" title="2010 Norwegian Football Cup Final">
2010 Norwegian Football Cup Final

The 2010 Norwegian Football Cup Final was played between Follo and Strømsgodset on November 14, 2011 at Ullevaal Stadion in Oslo, Norway. 

</doc>
<doc id="31162928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162928" title="Adam Elliot (traveller)">
Adam Elliot (traveller)

Adam Elliot (died 1700) was an English clergyman and traveller.
Life.
Elliot was born in Jedburgh in Scotland, the son of Henry Elliot, a clerk. He was member of Caius College, Cambridge, from 1664 to 1668, when he took his B.A. degree.
According to his own account, Elliot then travelled about Europe for the next two years, and was returning to England in June 1670, when he was taken captive by Moors and sold as a slave. His description of his captivity and escape cannot be assumed true in detail. In November Elliot reached England, and worked as a private tutor for the next two years. In December 1672 he was ordained priest by the Bishop of London. He was then chaplain to Lord Grey of Werke (d. 1675), after which he officiated in Dublin, until in 1679 he was summoned to England as witness in a lawsuit arising out of Lord Grey's will.
Elliot was about to return to Ireland when he was apprehended on the evidence of Titus Oates, who accused him of being a Jesuit priest, and an apostate to Islam. Elliot gained his discharge without being brought to trial, but was reapprehended in Dublin for abusing Oates, and fined £200. In 1682 he brought an action against Oates for defamation of character, and gained £20 damages. 
Works.
Elliot's "Apologia pro Vitâ Suâ" was published in 1682: it is sarcastically entitled "A Modest Vindication of Titus Oates the Salamanca Doctor from Perjury", and contains the "Narrative" of his travels, Oates's depositions, and an account of the trial between him and Elliot. It was more ingenious than veracious, and the "Narrative" was burlesqued by Bartholomew Lane, a partisan of Oates, in "A Vindication of Dr. Titus Oates from two Scurrilous Libels" (1683).

</doc>
<doc id="31162932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162932" title="Billy Kelsey">
Billy Kelsey

George William Kelsey (1881–1968), was a professional baseball player for the 1907 Pittsburgh Pirates. He later was a manager in the Texas League in 1909 and the Western Association in 1915.

</doc>
<doc id="31162941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162941" title="Geography of Mississauga">
Geography of Mississauga

Mississauga covers of land, fronting of shoreline on Lake Ontario.
Mississauga is bounded by Oakville and Milton to the west/southwest, Brampton to the north, Toronto to the east, and Lake Ontario to the south/south-east. Halton Hills borders Mississauga's north-west corner. With the exception of the southeast border with Toronto (Etobicoke Creek), Mississauga shares a land border with all previous mentioned municipalities.
Two major river valleys feed into the lake. The Credit River is by far the longest with the heaviest flow. It divides the western side of Mississauga from the central/eastern portions and enters the lake at the Port Credit harbour. The indented, mostly forested valley was inhabited by First Nation peoples long before European exploration of the area. The valley is protected and maintained by the Credit Valley Conservation Authority (CVCA).
Etobicoke Creek forms part of the eastern border of Mississauga with the city of Toronto. North of there it passes through the western limits of Pearson Airport. There have been two aviation accidents, in 1978 and 2005, where aircraft overshot the runaway and slid into the Etobicoke creek banks. In 1954, heavy flooding resulted in some homes along the riverbank being swept into the lake after heavy rains from Hurricane Hazel. Since that storm, houses are no longer constructed along this floodplain. This creek and its tributaries are administered by the Toronto and Region Conservation Authority (TRCA).
Most land in Mississauga drains to either of the two main river systems, with the exception of the smaller Mary Fix and Cooksville creeks which run roughly through the center of Mississauga, entering the lake near Port Credit. Some small streams and reservoirs are part of the Sixteen Mile Creek system in the far northwest corner of the city, but these drain toward the lake in neighbouring Milton and Oakville.
The shoreline of former Glacial Lake Iroquois roughly follows the Dundas Street alignment. It is not noticeable in some places but is more prominent in others, such as the site of the former brickyard (Shoreline Drive in Cooksville) where the ancient shoreline drops below, affording a clear view of downtown Toronto and Lake Ontario on clear days from the ridge. The land in Mississauga in general slopes gradually downward from almost 190 metres (623 ft) above sea level in some northern spots to Lake Ontario (76 m/249 ft ASL), a 110 metre (361 ft) difference over an averaged 15 kilometres (9 mi) distance.
Apart from the Credit River valley and Iroquois shoreline, the only noticeable hills in Mississauga are actually part of the former Britannia Landfill near Streetsville and Centennial Park Ski Hill which is on the Toronto side of Etobicoke Creek.
Neighbourhoods.
As defined by the Canadian census, the following areas are neighbourhoods in Mississauga.
Climate.
The climate of Mississauga is officially represented by Pearson International Airport but conditions can differ depending on location: fog tends to be more common along the lakeshore and in the Credit River Valley at certain times of year, particularly during the autumn. The southwestern side of the city (Clarkson) is usually significantly milder in winter and also on summer nights than northern areas which include the airport, while lakeshore areas particularly from Port Credit east through Lakeview are cooler on hot summer days and it can be noticeably cooler on sunny spring days when there is a lake breeze.
During snowfalls when temperatures hover close to freezing, northern parts of the city, such as around Derry Road away from warmer Lake Ontario, tend to get more snow than the southern parts because of colder temperatures. The reverse occurs when a strong storm approaches from the south kicking up lake effect snow, bringing higher snowfall totals to south Mississauga.
Summer thunderstorms are common, most are not severe but can occasionally bring violent winds. The last known tornado to cause significant damage touched down on July 7, 1985, when an F1 rated tornado struck an industrial park in the Meadowvale area, heavily damaging some buildings and some parked tractor trailers. A relatively strong tornado tore a path across Mississauga (then part of Toronto Township) on June 24, 1923, cutting a swath from present-day Meadowvale to near Cooksville, killing 4 people and causing massive property damage in a time when most of Mississauga was still rural farmland dotted with fruit orchards.

</doc>
<doc id="31162942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162942" title="Rareș Vârtic">
Rareș Vârtic

Rareş Vârtic (born 9 June 1985 in Târgu Mureş) is a Romanian footballer Midfielder,who is currently plays for ASA Targu Mures in the Romanian Liga||

</doc>
<doc id="31162944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162944" title="Kévin Malcuit">
Kévin Malcuit

Kévin Malcuit (born 31 July 1991) is a French professional footballer who plays for Ligue 2 side Chamois Niortais. He predominantly plays as a full back but is also capable of playing in a number of different positions, including as a winger and as an attacker.

</doc>
<doc id="31162947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162947" title="Adam Elliot (disambiguation)">
Adam Elliot (disambiguation)

Adam Elliot is an Australian writer and director.
Adam Elliot may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31162954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162954" title="Richard Weston (died 1681)">
Richard Weston (died 1681)

Richard Weston (1620 - 23 March 1681) was an English judge and politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1660.
Weston was the son of Edward Weston of Hackney. He matriculated at Corpus Christi, Cambridge in 1639, and migrated to Jesus College, Cambridge on 6 September 1641, but left without taking a degree. He was admitted to Gray's Inn on 10 August 1642, and was called to the bar in 1649.
In April1660, Weston was elected Member of Parliament for Weobley in the Convention Parliament. However the election declared void on 16 July 1660 on the grounds that the Sheriff had failed to send a precept and had not given due notice of the time. By 1662, Weston's arguments in court had attracted attention and were noticed by Thomas Raymond in his "Reports of Cases". 
Weston was made Lent reader at Gray's Inn in 1676, Serjeant-at-law on 23 Oct. 1677, and became King's Serjeant on 5 February 1678. He was knighted at the same time. He was judge in several important trials between 1678 and 1680. On 7 February 1680 he was made Puisne Baron of the Exchequer. 
In the midsummer assizes at Kingston in 1680 he checked George Jeffreys for browbeating the other side in their examination of witnesses, and so made an implacable enemy for himself. Also in 1680, he granted a habeas corpus to Sheridan, whom the House of Commons had committed, when some of the judges held back from so doing. In December 1680 the commons voted an impeachment against him based on some expressions he used in his charge to the jury at Kingston. In speaking of the theologians Calvin and Zwinglius he said ‘Now they were amusing us with fears, and nothing would serve them but a parliament ... for my part I know no representative of the nation but the king.’ The crime with which he was charged was that his words were ‘scandalous to the reformation, and tending to raise discord.’ Parliament was dissolved before the impeachment was brought in and he died before the next parliament proceeded to the business. 
Weston died in Chancery Lane and was buried at Hackney on the 26 March 1681. 
Weston married Frances Manwood, daughter of Sir George Marwood of Little Buskby. 

</doc>
<doc id="31162962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162962" title="Wilson's Arch (Jerusalem)">
Wilson's Arch (Jerusalem)

Wilson's Arch is the modern name for the ancient stone arch whose top is still visible today, where it is supported against the Northeast corner of Jerusalem's Western Wall, so that it appears on the left to visitors facing the Wall. It once spanned , supporting a road that continued for and allowed access to a gate that was level with the surface of the Temple Mount during the time of Jesus.
Name.
The arch was identified in 1864 by 19th-century explorer and surveyor Charles William Wilson, for whom it is now named. Wilson had joined the Ordnance Survey of Jerusalem in 1864, continuing to participate in the city surveying project that was established to improve the city's water system. The Palestine Exploration Fund (PEF) later commissioned him to survey Western Palestine, as well.
While the arch is named for Wilson, there is a claim that Swiss physician Titus Tobler had earlier discovered and identified the structure as part of the bridge between the Temple Mount and the Upper City in his 1845/46 writings. According to some, Tobler passed on information about the arch to Wilson, whose name was linked to the arch because he was the one who publicized the find.
Construction and purpose.
The Arch was "rediscovered" in 1963 by Duke University archeologist Dr. D. F. Stinespring, Professor of Old Testament and Semitics at the Duke Divinity School, who continued his exploration of the "hidden tunnels" associated with the ancient Temple during the university's summer breaks.
The date of its original construction is disputed, as some scholars date it to before the destruction of Herod's temple in AD 70, while others place it much later, to the Arab Umayyad Period, 651–750. Stinesbring believed that the Arch had not been rebuilt, believing that the way it was bonded to the wall around the Temple indicated it was part of the plan during Herod's time: "a definitive part of the ancient Temple structure." Today, scholars do agree that the site of this current arch was the beginning of a series of arches that spanned the central valley, connecting the Temple Mount to Jerusalem's western hills. It is believed by those who date the arch to the later period that it was a replacement for an earlier arch erected during the Second Temple period.
Some scholars who now date the arch's construction to the period under Arab rule during the seventh and eighth centuries AD base their conclusions on what they see as evidence from the period of excavation after the Six Day War, when Israel's Ministry of Religious Affairs began to excavate the area of the Western Wall still unexposed, and dig a tunnel beneath the existing structures above. During much of the time of these excavations, which went on 1968–82 and was restarted in 1985, the Israel Antiquities Authority's (IAA) District Archeologist for Jerusalem was Dan Bahat, who became the archaeologist of the site after resigning from IAA. In his book, "Jerusalem Down Under: Tunneling Along Herod's Temple Mount Wall", he writes that the evidence found was enough to convince him that despite earlier beliefs that the arch was built during Herod's time, the later dating is correct.
Based on the evidence of the excavations, the arch once spanned , and although it once was high, carrying a road over the valley and the pavement constructed during the time of Herod's rule, only a portion is visible today. While the exact dimensions of the bridge over the arch that was heavily used during the Second Temple Period are impossible to determine, it is believed that it was destroyed by Jewish rebels during the revolt against the Romans, to help prevent their taking of the Temple Mount. After the Muslim conquest of Jerusalem, the walls surrounding the mountain were renovated and the arches of the "Great Bridge" were rebuilt.
According to the writings of Josephus, the arch was a part of a bridge that connected the Temple Mount to the Upper City on the Western Hill, and carried water by aqueduct from Solomon's Pools to the Temple Mount. His writings include mention of the bridge during the 63 BC attack by Pompey, "Aristobulus's party was worsted, and retired into the Temple, and cut off the communication between the Temple and the city, by breaking down the bridge that joined them together," and during Titus's attack in 70 AD, "...a bridge that connected the Upper City to the Temple."
Along with Robinson's Arch (the arch on the opposite side of that portion of the Western Wall used for Jewish prayers today, named for Edward Robinson, the explorer who identified it in the 19th century), it was one of the largest free-standing masonry arches in the world during the time it was constructed and utilized. The "majestic size and the enormous stones testify to Herod's magnificent aspirations."
The arch is located below the Chain Road leading to today's Chain Gate, and a square shaft cut down under the arch allows sighting of the wall's original massive foundations, "with fourteen courses of dressed stone below the present ground level." Over the prayer hall area within the Arch is the large building known as the "Makhkama" or "Tankiziah," that includes a porch looking over the Temple Mount. Former Chief Rabbi Shlomo Goren used to use that porch to recite special "Kinot" prayers on the night of Tisha B'Av.
The Western Stone.
The Western Stone, located in the north section of the Arch, is a monolithic stone block forming part of the lower level of the Western Wall. Weighing 570 tonnes (628 tons), it is one of the largest building blocks in the world. The stone is 13.6 meters (44.6 ft) long, 4.5 meters (15 ft) wide and has an estimated height of 3.5 meters (11.5 ft). It is considered to be one of the heaviest objects ever lifted by human beings without powered machines. It is the largest building stone found in Israel and second in the world. It is only partially intact, the rest was destroyed in 70 CE during the Roman siege of Jerusalem.
Excavation and restoration.
In 1968, only a few months after the Six Day War, Israel began excavations to uncover the portion of the Western Wall that was not exposed. As the excavations continued, the opening to the arch was uncovered, and rubble began to be removed. It would take 17 years, until 1985, until the entire length of the wall would be cleared.
In 2005, the Western Wall Heritage Foundation initiated a major renovation effort under Rabbi Rabinovich, then-rabbi of the wall ("Rabbi of the Kotel," as the title is usually referenced, using the Hebrew word for the Wall).
Israeli workers renovated and restored the area for three years, strengthening the arch in preparation for access for visitors and use for prayer. Scaffolding remained in place for over a year to allow workers to remove cement that had been applied as patches over the stone.
The restoration included additions to the men's section included a Torah ark that can house over one hundred Torah scrolls, in addition to new bookshelves, a library, and heating for the winter and air conditioning for the summer. There is also a new room built for the scribes who maintain and preserve the Torah scrolls used at the Wall.
Speakers at the March 12, 2006 dedication ceremony included: President of Israel, Mr. Moshe Katzav, Ashkenazi and Sephardi chief rabbis, Rabbi Yona Metzger and Rabbi Shlomo Amar, the mayor of Jerusalem, Rabbi Uri Lupolianski, the chief rabbi of the Kotel, Rabbi Rabinovich, and the director of The Western Wall Heritage Foundation, Rabbi Mordechai (Suli) Eliav.
New construction also included a women's section and gallery, which was dedicated on May 25, 2006, a little more than two months after the March dedication ceremony. This addition creates a woman's section to allow separate seating during worship services and special events conducted within the Wilson's Arch prayer area, including Bar Mitzvah ceremonies, and advertisements for special programs such as the middle-of-the-night prayers climaxing the six-week "Shoavim" period have made a point of reminding women that this new area exists. According to the Western Wall Heritage Foundation, this new construction allows women for the first time to "take part in the services held inside under the Arch." On May 14, 2008, United States First Lady Laura Bush visited the new women's section during her visit to Israel.
On July 25, 2010, a Ner Tamid, an oil-burning "eternal light," was installed within the prayer hall within Wilson's Arch, the first eternal light installed in the area of the Western Wall. According to the Western Wall Heritage Foundation, requests have been made for many years that "an olive oil lamp be placed in the prayer hall of the Western Wall Plaza, as is the custom in Jewish synagogues, to represent the menorah of the Temple in Jerusalem as well as the continuously burning fire on the altar of burnt offerings in front of the Temple, especially in the closest place to where they used to stand."
Special events.
In 1983, a highly unusual interfaith service was conducted in the area under Wilson's Arch—the first interfaith service ever to be conducted at the Western Wall since it came under Israeli control. Attended by both men and women who were allowed to sit together, it was conducted under the supervision of the Israel Ministry of Religious Affairs, and led by U.S. Navy Chaplain (Rabbi) Arnold Resnicoff. Ministry of Affairs representative Yonatan Yuval was present, responding to press queries that this service was authorized as part of a special welcome for the U.S. Sixth Fleet.
Since the restoration, a growing number of worship events have been scheduled in the area, to take advantage of the cover and temperature control, especially for services at night that are traditionally recited at the Wall. For example, "Tikkun Chatzot," a kabbalistic midnight prayer for redemption has been conducted there, with a number of public figures in attendance.
The area has also been utilized during times when security concerns make it difficult to allow the use of the outdoor prayer plaza, such as the March 19, 2009 visit of Pope Benedict XVI to the Wall and Temple Mount. Despite the fact that the Pope's visit coincided with the Jewish festival of Lag B'Omer, the decision had been made to close the Wall and not allow services, but at the request of the Wall's rabbi, Shmuel Rabinowitz, the government allowed worship to be conducted in the area within the Arch. The original decision to close the entire prayer area to Jewish worship had begun to elicit negative reaction as soon as the decision was announced, between one and two months before the visit. Rabbi Rabinowitz, protesting the decision, was quoted as saying that "It's inconceivable that the pope's visit would hurt worshippers at the Western Wall, some of whom have been praying there daily." Part of the reaction was a threat to assemble and protest on the part of some Israelis, saying the police would have to "drag" them out of the area. News articles quoted one comment that, "Just like the visit of a chief rabbi at the Vatican doesn't cause the Vatican to shut down, we expect the same approach when the pope visits a place holy to the Jewish people." The decision to utilize the prayer area within Wilson's Arch, allowing worship during the Pope's visit, was eventually announced by the Israel Police and the Israel Security Agency (ISA/Shin Bet). Worshippers were allowed into the main plaza during the hours prior to the Pope's scheduled arrival, but moved into the enclosed Wilson's Arch prayer before his actual arrival.
Video and audio streaming of some special events are available online from the "Wilson's Arch camera" (webcam). It does not operate on Shabbat, the Jewish Sabbath, or on those Jewish holy days when photography is prohibited by Jewish religious law.

</doc>
<doc id="31162965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162965" title="Conocybe elegans">
Conocybe elegans

Conocybe elegans is a mushroom species in the genus "Conocybe".

</doc>
<doc id="31162979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162979" title="Naja Rosa">
Naja Rosa

Naja Rosa Koppel (born 1980) is a Danish singer-songwriter. She is the daughter of Savage Rose founders Annisette and Thomas Koppel and raised in Denmark and USA. She debuted on 16 August 2010 with her album "Naja Rosa", which she released to favourable reviews by critics. She is regarded as the renewer of the tradition of Savage Rose. Koppel's first solo concert in Denmark was held at the "Spotfestival" in Aarhus in 2010, for which she was awarded 6 stars by Danish music magazine "Gaffa".

</doc>
<doc id="31162993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162993" title="Remus Dănălache">
Remus Dănălache

Remus Cristian Dănălache (born 14 January 1984 in Braşov) is a Romanian football goalkeeper, currently playing for Corona Brașov in Liga I.

</doc>
<doc id="31162996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162996" title="List of The Story of Pollyanna, Girl of Love episodes">
List of The Story of Pollyanna, Girl of Love episodes

"The Story of Pollyanna, Girl of Love" is an anime series adapted from Eleanor H. Porter's books Pollyanna (episodes 1-27) and Pollyanna Grows Up (episodes 28-51). The anime was directed by Hiroshi Kuzuha and produced by Junzo Nakashima and Taira Hiroshi Ishikawa. Animation direction and character design was by Sato Yoshiharu. Animation was handled by the Nippon Animation studio. It was broadcast 19:30 to 20:00 Sunday evenings on Fuji Television from 12 January 1986 to 28 December 1986. It is designated the 12th series of Nippon Animation's children's anthology series World Masterpiece Theater.

</doc>
<doc id="31162998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31162998" title="Jonas Martin">
Jonas Martin

Jonas Martin (born 9 April 1990) is a French professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Montpellier.

</doc>
<doc id="31163008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163008" title="Boys' Night">
Boys' Night

"Boys' Night" is the 18th episode of the American comedy television series, "Modern Family"'s second season and the 42nd episode overall. It was originally aired on March 23, 2011. The episode was written by series co-creator Steven Levitan and Jeffrey Richman, and was directed by Chris Koch.
It featured the return appearance of Nathan Lane as Pepper Saltsman, who previously guest starred on "Earthquake". It also featured a guest appearance by Philip Baker Hall as Walt Kleezak, Luke's elderly friend.
In the episode, Phil and Claire are fearful when they find out that Luke has befriended their old and presumably horrid neighbor, Mr. Kleezak. Jay tries to avoid sitting through a symphony concert with Gloria and Manny, but unfortunately is forced to hang out with Mitchell and Cameron on their "boys' night out", while Haley is babysitting Lily. 
"Boys' Night" received generally positive reviews from critics with many praising Lane and Baker's performance. The episode was viewed by 10.89 million households, according to the Nielsen Media Research, and received a 4.4 rating/12% share in the 18–49 demographic, making it the highest-rated scripted program the original week it aired.
Plot.
Phil (Ty Burrell) and Claire (Julie Bowen) are fearful when they find out that Luke (Nolan Gould) has befriended their presumably horrid and old neighbor, Mr. Walt Kleezak (Philip Baker Hall). They find Luke's friendship with him strange and they forbid the two to spend time together again, much to the upset of Luke. They decide to go over to Walt's to talk to him about it, but after they terrify him and wake him up from a deep sleep, in which they thought he was dead, they leave. Walt later knocks on their door and explains to them that he used to be a firefighter and that he wouldn't hurt a kid. Claire and Phil then allow Luke to spend time with Walt again.
Jay (Ed O'Neill) tries to avoid sitting through a symphony concert with Gloria (Sofía Vergara) and Manny (Rico Rodriguez), but unfortunately is forced to hang out with Mitchell (Jesse Tyler Ferguson) and Cameron (Eric Stonestreet) on their "boys' night out". Jay ends up having a brilliant time with them and whilst drunk, agrees to go out shopping with Pepper (Nathan Lane), in which he is forced to do the following day when Gloria refuses to give him an excuse to get out of it.
Meanwhile, Haley (Sarah Hyland) babysits Lily at Mitchell and Cam's while they are out with their friends, and sneaks Dylan (Reid Ewing) in, despite the fact he's not allowed. Cameron has set up the web camera from the laptop to "spy" on her because he doesn't trust her watching over Lily. He also sees Dylan and he calls home, but Haley covers it up. She's later caught though when Dylan leaves without wearing his shoes and Cameron finds them when he comes back home. Haley goes back to take them the next morning and asks Cameron not to tell her mother.
Production.
"Boys' Night" was written by "Modern Family" co-creator and executive producer, Steven Levitan and Jeffrey Richman. This episode marks Levitan and Richman's second script collaboration, having co-written "Caught in the Act". The episode was also directed by Chris Koch. This marked his fourth directors credit for the series.
Reception.
Ratings.
In its original American broadcast, "Boys' Night" was viewed by an estimated 10.897 million households and received a 4.4 rating/12% share among adults between the ages of 18 and 49 This means that it was seen by 4.4% of all 18- to 49-year-olds, and 12% of all 18- to 49-year-olds watching television at the time of the broadcast. The episode received a 2% rise in the ratings from the previous episode, "Two Monkeys and a Panda". "Boys' Night" was the most-watched scripted show for the week of broadcast among adults aged 18–49, and the thirteenth most-watched show among all viewers.
Reviews.
The episode received mostly positive reviews from critics with many praising Hall and Lane's performance.
"TV Squad" writer Joel Keller gave the episode a positive review calling it "solid" and also praised Hall's performance writing that it "he's more grouchy than funny, but it works".
"The A.V. Club's" Donna Bowman praised the episode's combination of sitcom tropes and plots that took "new directions". She gave the episode a B+ rate.
Lesley Savage of "Entertainment Weekly" said that while it wasn't "the best episode yet, it was definitely strong". She also praised Lane and Hall's performance saying that they had "two fantastic cameos" and called Lane's character "always great, and never quite enough".

</doc>
<doc id="31163024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163024" title="Teddy Mézague">
Teddy Mézague

Teddy Mézague (born 27 May 1990) is a French professional footballer who plays for Montpellier, as a defender.
Mézague has Cameroonian roots, in fact, even his older brother Valéry played for the "Lions Indomptables".[http://www.journalducameroun.com/article.php?aid=11994][http://www.francefootball.fr/#!/news/2012/12/24/181639_ces-joueurs-qui-peuvent-rendre-service.html]

</doc>
<doc id="31163036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163036" title="Mohamed Ali Harrath">
Mohamed Ali Harrath

Mohamed Ali Harrath (born 20 February 1963), is a Tunisian activist and businessman and the founder and CEO of the Islam Channel.
Biography.
Early life.
Mohamed Ali Harrath was born in Sidi Bouzid Governorate, Tunisia. 
Adult life.
After his release in the mid-1980s, he travelled to Tehran, inspired by the thought of the Iranian Revolution, though he was disappointed by the reality of life there. He helped found the Tunisian Islamic Front (FIT) in 1986: though he has characterised the organization as a non-violent political party in opposition to Ben Ali's dictatorship, the Tunisian regime, under Ben Ali, characterized it as advocating "an Islamic state by means of armed revolutionary violence". 
He was forced into exile from Tunisia, and at the Tunisian Government's request was placed on an Interpol Red Notice in 1992. He entered England in October 1995, and claimed political asylum. In October 2000 he was granted refugee status and indefinite leave to stay in the UK.
He founded the Islam Channel in 2004 and is the current CEO. He also organised the first Global Peace and Unity event in 2005, attracting over 50,000 members of the public annually. In 2010, he travelled to Kigali, Rwanda, where he met and awarded President Paul Kagame for his services to humanity.
In February 2011 he returned to Tunisia after 21 years of exile, where he was welcomed by many Tunisians at Tunis-Carthage International Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="31163050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163050" title="Caledothele">
Caledothele

Caledothele is a spider genus in the funnel-web tarantulas super-family Dipluroidea found in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="31163069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163069" title="Wacky Dust">
Wacky Dust

Wacky Dust is a 1938 single by Ella Fitzgerald with the Chick Webb orchestra written by Oscar Levant and Stanley Adams. It is an uptempo song about the joys (and dangers) of taking cocaine. It is also included on the "Swingsation" album of Ella Fitzgerald songs released on 16 June 1998 which were all recorded in New York City between September 1934 and February 1939. The song features on the compilation CD Reefer Songs.
The song was covered by The Manhattan Transfer on their 1979 album Extensions.

</doc>
<doc id="31163077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163077" title="Vasily Shevtsov">
Vasily Shevtsov

Vasily Shevtsov (Russian: Василий Шевцов) is an actor best known for playing the role of Denis in the 2007 Sokurov film, "Alexandra".

</doc>
<doc id="31163078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163078" title="Caledothele elegans">
Caledothele elegans

Caledothele elegans is a spider species in the genus "Caledothele" found in New Caledonia.

</doc>
<doc id="31163091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163091" title="Handwriting (disambiguation)">
Handwriting (disambiguation)

Handwriting may refer to a person's particular style of writing by hand.
Handwriting may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31163094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163094" title="Xavier Collin">
Xavier Collin

Xavier Collin (born 17 August 1974) is a French former professional footballer who played as a defender. During an 18-year playing career, he assisted Épinal, Poitiers, Amiens, Gueugnon, Ajaccio and Montpellier.
In June 2011, Collin was appointed manager of Championnat de France amateur Group A side AS Béziers.

</doc>
<doc id="31163117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163117" title="Angelo LiPetri">
Angelo LiPetri

Michael Angelo LiPetri (born July 6, 1929, at Brooklyn, New York) is a retired American professional baseball player. A right-hander who stood tall and weighed , he appeared in ten Major League Baseball games for the 1956 and 1958 Philadelphia Phillies.
LiPetri's professional career got off to a rousing start in 1953, when he won 15 of 17 decisions for the Granby Phillies of the Class C Provincial League and he compiled a .628 winning percentage in 78 decisions during his seven-year minor league baseball career, which stretched from 1953–1959. In parts of two MLB seasons, he allowed ten earned runs and 13 hits over 15 innings of work, striking out nine and walking three.

</doc>
<doc id="31163119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163119" title="Leptoconchus">
Leptoconchus

Leptoconchus is a genus of medium-sized sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Muricidae, subfamily Coralliophilinae, the coral snails or coral shells. 
Species.
Species within the genus "Leptoconchus" include:

</doc>
<doc id="31163126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163126" title="2011 CCHA Men's Ice Hockey Tournament">
2011 CCHA Men's Ice Hockey Tournament

The 2011 CCHA Men's Ice Hockey Tournament is the 40th CCHA Men's Ice Hockey Tournament. It was played between March 4 and March 19, 2011 at campus locations and at Joe Louis Arena in Detroit, Michigan. The Miami Redhawks won the tournament and was awarded the Mason Cup. They will earn the Central Collegiate Hockey Association's automatic bid to the 2011 NCAA Division I Men's Ice Hockey Tournament.
Format.
The tournament features four rounds of play. In the first round the sixth and eleventh, seventh and tenth, and eighth and ninth seeds as determined by the final regular season standings play a best-of-three series, with the winners advancing to the quarterfinals. There, the first seed and lowest ranked first round winner, the second seed and second lowest ranked first round winner, the third seed and second highest ranked first round winner, and the fourth seed and the fifth seed play a best-of-three series, with the winners advancing to the semifinals. In the semifinals, the highest and lowest seeds and second highest and second lowest seeds play a single-game, with the winner advancing to the championship game and the loser advancing to the third place game. The tournament champion receives an automatic bid to the 2011 NCAA Men's Division I Ice Hockey Tournament.
Regular season standings.
"Note: GP = Games Played; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; PTS = Points; GF = Goals For; GA = Goals Against"
Bracket.
Note: * denotes overtime period(s)
Tournament awards.
MVP.
Andy Miele, Senior, Miami

</doc>
<doc id="31163162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163162" title="Aidan Chippendale">
Aidan Chippendale

Aidan Luke Chippendale (born 24 May 1992) is an English footballer who plays as a winger.
Career.
Bradford City and Huddersfield Town.
Born in Bradford, West Yorkshire, Chippendale played for hometown club Bradford City in their youth system before being released at the age of 13 when he joined Huddersfield Town. He was promoted to the first team squad for a game against Colchester United on 3 October 2009. He was named Huddersfield's Academy Player of the Year for the 2009–10 season and graduated from the club's academy in April 2010 after being offered a two-year professional contract. He made his debut for Huddersfield as a substitute in a 1–0 win over Bristol Rovers at the Memorial Stadium on 12 March 2011.
York City (loan).
On 25 March 2011, he joined Conference Premier club York City on loan until 30 April. After not being involved in any matches during his first month at the club, Huddersfield manager Lee Clark recalled Chippendale from his loan on 19 April 2011.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle (loan).
On 31 August 2011, Chippendale joined Scottish Premier League side Inverness Caledonian Thistle on loan until January 2012. He made his debut for Inverness on 10 September 2011 as an 81st minute substitute against Hearts at the Caledonian Stadium in a 1–1 draw.
He left Huddersfield club in June 2012, after not being offered a new contract by manager Simon Grayson.
Accrington Stanley.
Chippendale signed a one-year contract with League Two side Accrington Stanley after a successful trial on 25 July 2012. He made his debut for Accrington in a League Cup fixture on 11 August 2012 against Carlisle United in a 1–0 loss at Brunton Park.
Bury.
On 23 July 2013, Chippendale signed a one-year contract with League Two side Bury after a successful trial. On 5 November 2013, Bury confirmed that Chippendale's contract had been cancelled by mutual consent.
Chester (loan).
On 23 August 2013, Chippendale signed on loan for month at Chester.

</doc>
<doc id="31163187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163187" title="Philip T. Clark">
Philip T. Clark

Philip T. Clark (1935–1968) was an automotive designer who worked for both General Motors and Ford, and was responsible for ground-breaking designs.
Early years.
Born in October 27, 1935 in Iowa, Clark and his family moved to Nashville Tennessee in 1942. He was interested in music early in life, and later received a scholarship to Vanderbilt University to begin a medical career, which he abandoned. Clark was apprenticed in aerodynamics with Avco Aviation where his father was the Vice President of Avco and his father-in-law was also a machinist. Clark had been training as an engineer for Avco before he became ill with urological issues and decided that transportation design would be a better fit for his health. Joining Sears, Clark turned to art and advertising, teaching himself using the art course offered by mail.
Automobile design.
Spurred by a love of cars, engineering and art, Clark sent some of his drawings to Chrysler Corporation, and received a letter from them that told him to choose an auto design school, complete the course (with honors) and then come back to them. Two schools were recommended: Pratt in New York, or The Art Center School of Design in Los Angeles. Clark graduated with honors as a designer and stylist from Art School with a double major in Art Transportation and Design.
General Motors.
Clark was hired by a General Motors exec to work on the 1964 Futurama cars for the New York World Show. Working in GM Special Designs, he had a hand in the designs that Larry Shinoda made for the Chevrolet Corvair show cars.
Ford Mustang.
After being released from GM in March 1962, Clark joined Ford in late-April 1962 to work on special projects.Clark's important design role in creating the mid-engine designs that later made it up to the executives and met their approval for Mustang I.
Clark had been drawing the Mustang design in variation for years before the final car was produced. His drawing of the Mustang Coupe, or Fastback can be seen signed by him, in the Spring 1963 "MotorBook Magazine". The Mustang name was kept under wraps with the code name "Allegro" assigned to the entire project.Allegro was a musical term and Clark and all of the designers he worked with were involved with various musical instruments. This gave the young group who originally were with GM a way to speak about the Mustang project in a code that no one to this day can decipher except for the original designers.
Clark suggested the Mustang name to the executives after traveling from his hometown in Nashville, Tennessee to The Art School of Design in Pasadena, California where he passed the wild mustangs in Nevada and was captivated by their beauty.After public relations and the legal department vetted the project name (they particularly liked the connection to the wild horse of the same name), the name continued onto the Mustang II show car and later was applied to the production version of the Ford Mustang.
Later work.
Clark's designs continued to evolve and were influential in other Fords, including the GT-40 race car and its derivatives. Other designs were incorporated in Ford Europe products including the Ford Cortina.
Clark died at 32 from an ulcer, but to this day is best known for his design of the Mustang "running horse" emblem.

</doc>
<doc id="31163208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163208" title="Jerry Lyons">
Jerry Lyons

Jerry Lyons is a former American football coach in the United States. He was the head college football coach for the Portland State Vikings located in Portland, Oregon. He held that position for five seasons, from 1963 until 1967. His coaching record at Portland State was 21 wins, 24 losses and 1 tie. As of the conclusion of the 2010 season, this ranks him fifth at Portland State in total wins and winning percentage ().

</doc>
<doc id="31163209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163209" title="Cethegus (spider)">
Cethegus (spider)

Cethegus is a genus of spiders in the funnel-web tarantulas family Dipluridae found in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="31163221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163221" title="Paige (wrestler)">
Paige (wrestler)

Saraya-Jade Bevis (born 17 August 1992) is an English professional wrestler currently signed to the WWE where she performs under the ring name Paige.
Bevis made her debut in 2005 in the World Association Of Wrestling, a promotion that her family runs, as Britani Knight. She went on to hold several regional championships on independent circuits inside and outside of England. In 2011, she signed a contract with the WWE and started wrestling within its developmental systems. Paige eventually debuted on WWE's main roster in April 2014. 
She was the inaugural NXT Women's Champion of the company's developmental branch NXT and also a one-time WWE Divas Champion, at one point holding both titles concurrently from 7 April – 24 April 2014. 
Early life.
Bevis was born and raised in Norwich, England. She grew up with her mother
and father, Ricky Knight and her mother, Julia Hamer-Bevis, who unintentionally wrestled while she was seven months pregnant. Bevis said that she was scared of wrestling because of the injuries her family received, but she was intrigued following their footsteps. When Bevis was 10 years old, her father ran a training school, the World Association Of Wrestling (WAW) Academy every month. She did that in three years, before making her debut.
Professional wrestling career.
European independent circuit (2005–2011).
She made her debut in 2005, at the age of 13 when her father, who was running the show, got her to replace a wrestler who failed to turn up. Her earliest recorded match was in April 2006 when she (with her ring name Britani Knight) teamed with her mother (ring name Sweet Saraya) for a loss in a triple threat tag team match in World Association Of Wrestling (WAW). Knight then allied with Melodi to form a tag team called the Norfolk Dolls and they wrestled in multiple English promotions. The Norfolk Dolls won the World Association of Women's Wrestling (WAWW) Tag Team Title in June 2007, but it became inactive due to no title defenses by the Norfolk Dolls. 
At the age of 14, Knight sent résumés to numerous wrestling promotions around Europe and earned a chance to wrestle in countries like Scotland, Wales, Belgium, France, Turkey, Denmark, Norway, Germany as well as the United States, managing to travel by herself at 14. She began to compete for singles championships without much initial success. While wrestling by herself in Scotland, Knight competed for the World Wide Wrestling League (W3L) Women's Title, but lost to Sara in the tournament finals in September 2007. On December 2007, Knight took part in a tournament where the winner would become the first WAWW British Champion, but lost in the finals to Jetta. In 2008, Knight challenged both Sara and Jetta again for their respective titles, but failed her in title bids; Knight then lost a three way match in August 2008 where the winner would become the number one contender for the RQW Women's Championship.
Knight achieved more singles success from 2009. In August 2009, Knight defeated her mother Sweet Saraya in a two out of three falls match to capture the vacant Herts and Essex (HEW) Women's Championship. Later that month, Knight defeated Saraya again to capture the WAWW British Title. In November 2009, Knight captured the Real Deal Wrestling (RDW) Women's Title from her mother in an elimination match also featuring Chelsey Love and Stacey Baybie. Also in that month, Knight retained her HEW Women's Title against her mother and Faith Lehaine. In December 2009, while in HEW, Knight won the RQW Women's Title by beating Jetta in a champion vs. champion match with her HEW Women's Title on the line. 
On May 2010, Knight and her mother challenged Amazon and Ananya for the PWF Ladies Tag Team Title which they won.
On 11 March 2011, she recaptured the HEW Women's Championship from her mother. Knight returned to Pro Wrestling: EVE on 8 April to participate in a two-night tournament to crown the first ever . In the first night, Knight lost a three-way match to Jenny Sjödin, won a Last Chance Battle Royal, then defeated Sjödin in the quarter-final match. The next day, she defeated Jetta in the semi-final match, and later in the finals defeated Nikki Storm to win the Pro Wrestling: EVE Championship. But after two months, she lost the title at the "XWA War On The Shore 7" event against Sjödin. Also in 2011, Knight won an elimination match to become WAWW Hardcore Champion. On 12 November, Knight vacated the HEW Women's Championship. Knight also lost the WAWW British Championship to Liberty in 19 November 2011.
Shimmer Women Athletes (2011).
Bevis, again billed as Britani Knight, debuted for the American all-female promotion Shimmer Women Athletes on 26 March 2011 at the tapings of "Volume 37". Teaming with her mother Saraya Knight as the Knight Dynasty, they were managed by Rebecca Knox and defeated Nikki Roxx and Ariel via disqualification after the other team used the Dynasty's brass knuckles. This led to a Shimmer Tag Team Championship shot at "Volume 38", but the Knight Dynasty lost to champions the Seven Star Sisters, Hiroyo Matsumoto and Misaki Ohata. 
In October 2011 at "Volume 42", the Knight Dynasty lost another Shimmer Tag Team Championship match against champions Ayako Hamada and Ayumi Kurihara when Saraya refused to help Britani. Saraya then scolded Britani after the match. At "Volume 43", Britani lost to Jessie McKay in a singles match which was her third consecutive singles defeat. This led to Saraya disowning (in storyline) and slapping Britani before mother and daughter brawled and had to be pulled apart. Britani challenged Saraya to a match which happened on "Volume 44", where Britani defeated Saraya under no disqualification rules in what would be her final Shimmer match.
World Wrestling Entertainment/WWE.
Developmental territories (2011–2014).
Bevis was first informed that there will be try-outs in the WWE when a talent scout came to a show in England. She failed in her first try in November 2010 but succeeded in April 2011. In September 2011, Bevis had signed a contract with the WWE and would report to its developmental territory, Florida Championship Wrestling (FCW). Bevis made her debut for FCW at a house show on 5 January 2012, using the ring name Saraya. Bevis' ring name was then changed to Paige as she made her television debut in an appearance on the 26 February episode of "FCW TV". From March 2012, Paige formed an alliance with Sofia Cortez, dubbing themselves as the "Anti-Diva Army". On 19 March of "FCW TV", Paige made her televised in-ring debut in a tag team match alongside Cortez, which the duo lost to Audrey Marie and Kaitlyn. Paige and Cortez then formed a brief association with Rick Victor in a win against Marie and Aiden English. On 6 May edition of "FCW TV", Paige pinned the FCW Divas Champion, Raquel Diaz in a non-title triple threat match, which also involved Audrey Marie. This earned Paige a title shot against Diaz on the 27 May episode of "FCW TV", where Diaz's chicanery led to Paige being disqualified and Diaz retained her title. Dissension was teased within the Anti-Diva Army as Paige moved on to feud with Audrey Marie. Paige lost to Marie on 11 June on "FCW TV" after Cortez interfered against her, signalling the end of the alliance. On the final episode of "FCW TV" last 15 July, Paige and Marie ended their feud with Marie victorious in a no disqualification match.
WWE went on to rebrand its developmental territory FCW, into NXT Wrestling. Paige's NXT television debut took place on the third episode of the rebooted "WWE NXT" taped at Full Sail University, where she lost to Sofia Cortez. From September 2012, after gaining a large surge in crowd support, Paige went on a singles winning streak defeating the likes of Audrey Marie, Sasha Banks, Emma, Aksana and multiple wins over Alicia Fox.
On "NXT" last 30 January 2013, Paige was attacked by ring announcer Summer Rae due to Rae's jealousy of Paige's popularity and success. On the 13 February episode of "NXT", Paige suffered a shoulder injury after brawling with Rae, which Rae exploited later that episode to end Paige's undefeated streak. After Paige continued to confront Rae, Paige finally faced off against Rae in a singles match on the 1 May episode of "NXT", where Paige emerged victorious despite Rae's pre-match attack. On 5 June of "NXT", Paige defeated Tamina Snuka in the first round of the NXT Women's Championship tournament, and Alicia Fox in the semi-finals on the 3 July episode of "NXT". On the 20 June taping of "NXT" (which aired on 24 July), Paige defeated Emma to crowned the first-ever NXT Women's Champion.
Paige made her first successful title defense on the 14 August episode of "NXT", defeating Summer Rae. In the following months, Paige teamed up with Emma to feud with Summer Rae and Sasha Banks. On 4 December of "NXT", Paige successfully defended her title against Natalya. Also at NXT Arrival on 27 February 2014, Paige once again retained her title against Emma. On 24 April of "NXT", because of her elevation to the WWE main roster and the winning of the WWE Divas Championship, Paige was forced to vacate her NXT Women's Championship, ending her reign at 308 days.
Divas Champion (2014).
Paige debuted on the main roster on the 7 April 2014 episode of "Raw", the night after WrestleMania XXX. She congratulated WWE Divas Champion AJ Lee on her successful title defense at the pay-per-view event. AJ slapped Paige and challenged her to an immediate match with the championship on the line. It resulted with Paige quickly defeating AJ to capture her first Divas Championship reign. This resulted in Paige becoming the youngest WWE Divas Champion in history at the age of 21. Paige had her first successful title defense on the 28 April episode of "Raw" when her impromptu match with Brie Bella which went to a no contest due to an interference from Kane. In her first successful title defense on pay-per-view, Paige defeated Tamina Snuka on 4 May at Extreme Rules. 
She suffered her first main roster defeat on the 19 May episode of "Raw" to Alicia Fox in a non-title match. Because of the result, she defended and retained her title against Fox at Payback. In June, Paige feuded with Cameron and defeated her in two non-title matches. However, Cameron's tag team partner Naomi went on to beat Paige in a non-title match, leading to Naomi being granted a title match at Money in the Bank, which Paige won. During this time, WWE was criticized for failing to develop Paige's character despite being able to do so for Paige's opponents, and for portraying Paige as a vulnerable champion while she was proving herself in the storyline.
On the post-Money in the Bank "Raw" on June, a role reversal occurred when a returning AJ quickly defeated Paige in a title match to regain the Divas Championship; Paige was initially reluctant to face AJ but agreed to the match at the request of the live audience.
Personal life.
Bevis is part of a professional wrestling family. Her parents, Julia Hamer-Bevis and Ian Bevis, are professional wrestlers, also her older brothers, Roy Bevis and Zak Frary. The family runs the World Association of Wrestling (WAW) promotion in Norwich, England. In July 2012, Channel 4 produced a documentary about them entitled "The Wrestlers: Fighting with My Family".

</doc>
<doc id="31163228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163228" title="Journal of Chemical Crystallography">
Journal of Chemical Crystallography

The Journal of Chemical Crystallography is a peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing original (primary) research and review articles on crystallography and spectroscopy. It is published monthly by Springer Science+Business Media. 
The editor-in-chief of "Journal of Chemical Crystallography" is W.T. Pennington. According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 0.566.
Scope.
The "Journal of Chemical Crystallography" covers crystal chemistry and physics and their relation to problems of molecular structure; structural studies of solids, liquids, gases, and solutions involving spectroscopic, spectrometric, X-ray, and electron and neutron diffraction; and theoretical studies.
Abstracting and indexing.
"Journal of Chemical Crystallography" is abstracted and indexed in the following databases:

</doc>
<doc id="31163239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163239" title="Hans Donauer">
Hans Donauer

Hans Donauer (c1521, Munich – 1596, Munich), was a German Renaissance painter. He is sometimes known as Hans Donauer the Elder. His surname is sometimes spelt "Thonauer or Thunauer.
Biography.
According to Karel van Mander he was the teacher of Hans Rottenhammer.
According to the RKD he was also the teacher of the painter Kaspar Amort.

</doc>
<doc id="31163244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163244" title="Cethegus elegans">
Cethegus elegans

Cethegus elegans is a species of spider in the genus "Cethegus" found in Queensland.

</doc>
<doc id="31163245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163245" title="Nymph (Central Figure for &quot;The Three Graces&quot;)">
Nymph (Central Figure for &quot;The Three Graces&quot;)

Nymph (Central Figure for "The Three Graces") is a bronze sculpture, by Aristide Maillol.
It was modeled in 1930, and cast in 1953, it is at the Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden.
In the tradition of the Three Graces in Ancient Roman sculpture, and "The Three Graces (sculpture)", by Antonio Canova, it shows serenity, in contrast to his contemporary, Auguste Rodin.

</doc>
<doc id="31163247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163247" title="Celtic Solstice">
Celtic Solstice

Celtic Solstice is an album by Paul Winter, released in 1999 through the record label Living Music. In 2000, the album earned him a Grammy Award for Best New Age Album.

</doc>
<doc id="31163252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163252" title="George Horner (died 1677)">
George Horner (died 1677)

Sir George Horner (3 March 1605–9 February 1677) was an English lawyer and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1645 and 1660.
Horner was the son of Sir John Horner of Mells Manor and his wife Anne Speke, daughter of George Speke of White Lackington. He matriculated at Lincoln College, Oxford on 20 June 1623, aged 17 and was awarded BA on 3 May 1625. He was called to the bar at Lincoln's Inn in 1633.
In 1645, Horner was elected Member of Parliament for Somerset in the Long Parliament. The election was declared void and Horner was returned on the new writ in 1646. He was a Presbyterian, but was described as "a known neuter, if not worse", when he was elected. He was excluded under Pride's Purge in 1648 and took no part in politics during the Interregnum. In 1659, he was regarded as a Royalist.
In 1660, Horner was elected MP for Somerset in the Convention Parliament and knighted on 25 June 1660. He served as a Justice of the Peace and a deputy-lieutenant for Somerset from the same year until his death and was High Sheriff of Somerset for 1667–68.
Horner died at the age of 71 and was buried at Cloford on 19 February 1677. He had married Anne Pool, daughter of Sir Neville Poole. He was succeeded by his son George who was also MP for Somerset.

</doc>
<doc id="31163273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163273" title="Battle of Ohrid">
Battle of Ohrid

The Battle of Ohrid took place on 14 or 15 September 1464 between the Ottoman Empire's forces and Skanderbeg's Albania. A crusade against Sultan Mehmed II had been planned by Pope Pius II with Skanderbeg as one of its main leaders. The battle near Ohrid occurred as a result of an Albanian incursion into Ottoman territory. The Turks stationed in the area were assaulted by Skanderbeg's men and 1,000 Venetian soldiers under Cimarosto. The Turks were lured out of their protections in Ohrid and ambushed by the Albanian cavalry. Skanderbeg won the resulting battle and his men earned 40,000 ducats after captured Ottoman officers were ransomed. Pius died before the planned crusade began, however, forcing Skanderbeg to fight his battles virtually alone.
Background.
Pope Pius II's crusade against the Ottoman Empire was declared in November 1463. Skanderbeg, the leader of the Albanians, was a vital ally to this effort and would have become one of its main leaders. The Venetians, who had also joined the crusade, could not persuade Lekë Dukagjini, Skanderbeg's lukewarm ally in northern Albania, to join until the pope intervened. Furthermore, the major European powers were reluctant to join the pope's crusade. Among those inquired were the city of Florence, Francisco Sforza of Milan, Louis XI of France, and Ferdinand I of Naples, all of whom declined for their own reasons. The Republic of Venice, however, decided to aid Skanderbeg by sending 500 cavalry and 500 infantry under the "condottiero" Antonio da Cosenza, also known as Cimarosto. Once the campaign season began, Mathias Corvinus of Hungary recaptured many of the Bosnian strongpoints, including Jajce, which had been taken from the Kingdom of Bosnia by the Ottomans. Mehmed II marched into Bosnia, pillaging the countryside, hoping that his enemies would surrender. The Hungarian resistance, however, was stiff. The Ottomans still managed to make headway against the Hungarians who had been trying to lift Ottoman the siege on Jajce with a ruse. The Sultan continued his siege while Mathias escaped from the fortress with a force of men, but the retreating army was harried with two-hundred soldiers being captured and sent to Constantinople for execution. Despite the setback, Jajce held out and Mehmed retreated from Bosnia.
Campaign.
After Skanderbeg's raid into Macedonia the year before, the Sultan decided to strengthen his fortresses in the area.Franco p. 335. He then sent Şeremet bey to Ohrid, a city close to Skanderbeg's domains, with 14,000 cavalry to prevent another Albanian incursion. After learning of this, Skanderbeg prepared to march against Şeremet. The pasha's men, however, were stationed both inside and outside the city, making it difficult to defeat them.Franco p. 336. Before marching, Skanderbeg received news that Pius had arrived in Ancona and died upon seeing the crusader fleet.Francione p. 168. He left Cimarosto with an Italian force in Valikardhë near modern day Bulqizë in eastern Albania.Frashëri p. 418. Skanderbeg then decided to march against Şeremet anyway and set off with 12,000 cavalry three hours after dusk. After one day of marching, Skanderbeg reached Macedonia and began pillaging the land.
Battle.
Once he reached Ohrid, Skanderbeg gave a speech to his men, encouraging them for the coming battle.Franco p. 336-337. He then assigned Pekë Emmanuali and Peter Engjëlli, Pal Engjëlli's brother, as commanders of a 500-man troop of cavalry where they were to approach the gates of Ohrid and provoke the Turks to attack.Franco p. 337. They were to throw smoke and dust into the air to irritate the garrison.Francione p. 169. Then they were to feign retreat where the pursuing Ottoman cavalry would be ambushed by the main Albanian force. On 14 or 15 September, everything went as planned and the trap was sprung. Skanderbeg's assault came out and killed 10,000 Turkish men and captured twelve Turkish forces, among them Şeremet's son. The Turkish forces were pursued by the Venetian forces alongside the Albanians. The Albanian-Venetian losses were few.
Aftermath.
Skanderbeg celebrated the event by dining off "letnica" (Ohrid trout), a fish found in Lake Ohrid that was sent to the Byzantine emperors every Friday for their supper meal. The twelve captured officers were ransomed for 40,000 ducats. Skanderbeg distributed this amount through his force, with every man receiving his fair share. He then besieged Ohrid for a short time before returning to Albania; the Venetian Senate (Signoria) hailed the campaign as a victory despite not being able to take Ohrid. The crusade seemed to have gone well for the Christian side but, after Pius' death, the remaining cardinals lost their hope and handed the money raised for the crusade to the Venetians. Mehmed saw Skanderbeg's vulnerability and sent Ballaban Badera, an Albanian janissary, to Albania where they met at Vaikal and he was defeated. Ballaban had replaced Şeremet as the commander in Ohrid after the latter fell out of favor with the sultan. Ballaban would meet Skanderbeg several more times in battle before being mortally wounded in action at the second siege of Krujë.

</doc>
<doc id="31163291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163291" title="Soldat (horse)">
Soldat (horse)

Soldat is a dark bay or brown colt by the sire War Front out of a Coronado’s Quest mare, Le Relais., and one of the contenders for the 2011 Kentucky Derby.
Racing career.
Soldat, meaning “soldier” in French, moved to the forefront of the Kentucky Derby scene after his dominating two-length victory in the Fountain of Youth Stakes G2 on Feb 26, 2011. Before the Fountain of Youth, Soldat had been known for his ability on turf courses and wet tracks, but had never run on a dry dirt track like the one typically run at the Kentucky Derby. He completed the 1 1/8 mile race in a solid time of 1:50 1/5 and defeated two other highly regarded Derby prospects, Gourmet Dinner and To Honor and Serve. Soldat began his three-year-old season with a 10 3/4 length win in an allowance win at Gulfstream Park. The race was originally scheduled to run over the turf, but due to heavy rain it was moved to run over a sloppy dirt track.
Soldat completed a successful juvenile campaign culminating with a solid second in the Breeder’s Cup Juvenile Turf Stakes. He also won the With Anticipation Stakes over the Saratoga turf course and placed second in the Pilgrim Stakes over a yielding Belmont turf course. He started his career with back to back second place finishes in New York going very short, 5, and 5 ½ furlongs.
Soldat is trained by Kiaran McLaughlin, ridden by jockey Alan Garcia (with the exception of his first two career races in which he was ridden by Rajiv Maragh), and owned by Harvey Clarke.
Soldat, bred by Brookfield Stud, LLC was foaled in Kentucky in 2008 and sold at the 2009 Keeneland September Yearling Sale for $180,000. He was then pointed to the Florida Derby at Gulfstream Park as his final preparation for the Kentucky Derby. He finished fifth.

</doc>
<doc id="31163324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163324" title="I Follow Rivers">
I Follow Rivers

"I Follow Rivers" is a song by Swedish recording artist Lykke Li from her second studio album, "Wounded Rhymes" (2011). Produced by Björn Yttling of Peter Bjorn and John, it was released on 21 January 2011 as the album's second single. The track premiered exclusively on SPIN.com on 10 January 2011. The music video, directed by Tarik Saleh and filmed on the Swedish island of Gotland, features Li in a black robe and veil chasing a man (Swedish-Lebanese actor Fares Fares) through a snowy landscape.
Belgian DJ/Producer The Magician remixed/reworked "I Follow Rivers" in 2011, peaking at number one in Belgium, Germany, Italy, Ireland, Poland, Romania. Number two in Switzerland, Austria, Netherlands. Number 3 in France.
Belgian band Triggerfinger covered "I Follow Rivers" in 2012, peaking at number one in Austria, Belgium and the Netherlands.
Triggerfinger version.
Belgian band Triggerfinger covered "I Follow Rivers" during Giel Beelen's show on the Dutch radio station 3FM in what was called "a fragile version". They used glasses, cups and knives to create a rhythmical background section. Triggerfinger's version was released as a single on 24 February 2012, topping the singles chart in Austria, Belgium and the Netherlands, while reaching number nine in Germany and number seventeen in Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="31163335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163335" title="Sippy Pallippuram">
Sippy Pallippuram

Sippy Pallippuram is a Malayalam children's story writer from India, who won Kendra Sahitya Akademi Award for children's literature in 2010. Born at Pallippuram, Vypeen island, Ernakulam district, Kerala state, he was a teacher by profession. He belongs to the category of children’s literature among the notable writers of Malayalam literature. He has penned a 130 of poetry and stories for children through various publishers.
References.
writings appuppanthadi,chenda,pooram,swargayathra,

</doc>
<doc id="31163347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163347" title="XX Army Corps (Germany)">
XX Army Corps (Germany)

German XX. Corps (XX. Armeekorps) was a corps in the German Army during World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="31163352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163352" title="2010 SFL season">
2010 SFL season

The 2010 SFL premiership season was an Australian Rules Football competition staged across Southern Tasmania, Australia over twenty (20) roster rounds and six (6) finals series matches between 2 April and 18 September 2010.
From this season, the SFL would make KGV Football Park at Glenorchy its administration base and principal venue.
2010 Southern Football League Ladder.
Round 9.
Bye: Triabunna
First Elimination Final.
Attendance: Not Available at Huonville Recreation Ground.
Second Elimination Final.
Attendance: Not Available at Kingston Beach Oval.
First Semi Final.
Attendance: Not Available at Huonville Recreation Ground.
Second Semi Final.
Attendance: Not Available at Boyer Oval.
Preliminary Final.
Attendance: Not Available at KGV Football Park.
Grand Final.
Attendance: 5,203 at KGV Football Park.

</doc>
<doc id="31163361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163361" title="Sega Sports R&amp;D">
Sega Sports R&amp;D

Sega Sports R&D (also known as Sega Sports Japan) is the group responsible for creating the "Let's Make a" series, 90 Minutes, Sega Worldwide Soccer series, Virtua Pro Football, and the "Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Games" series.
History.
AM6 (1994-1998).
Initially founded in mid-1994 as part of Consumer Software R&D Dept. 1, Team Andromeda became a separate internal development team during the Sega Saturn's lifespan. The group produced three Panzer Dragoon titles and, after the release of its final game "Panzer Dragoon Saga" in 1998, was then dissolved. Different teams of the same division were responsible for the "Let's Make a" series, which are made till today, and the Sega Worldwide Soccer series.
After the restructuring, many of the group's members joined Sega's Smilebit and United Game Artists development teams. Former Team Andromeda staff have also developed video games at other studios, including Artoon, feelplus and Land Ho.
Sega Sports Japan (2004-present).
The division was from now on was only for sports titles, adding the Mario & Sonic series. The department responsible for non-sport titles, became part of Amusement Vision under the lead of Toshihiro Nagoshi.
Games developed.
as AM6
as Smilebit
as Sega Sports Japan

</doc>
<doc id="31163395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163395" title="Sekunda do">
Sekunda do

' "Second before … '" is a Russian-Ukrainian, mistique-fantastic TV-series from 2007.
Plot.
Six absolutely different people appear in a strange place. Player Gleb who has lost everything that had, including the life; woman-killer Violetta killed during performance of "order"; "grandfather" Igor killed by the young soldier for mockeries; addict Ekstazi who has died of overdose of drugs; the bride who has found the groom with the mistress and shot them (and); Oleg who has left the girl which has died at the time of delivery, and being drunk running on the car in a tree. The archangel explains to them that all of them have been pulled out from a reality in last second before… Henceforth they — «angels on the contract» to which the chance to correct the life if they carry out all tasks of the Archangel on good making in harm correction is given. They can interfere with a current course of events to correct critical situations and to rescue people.
To prevent a dangerous meeting of florist Lera with gangsters. To convince the soldier-fugitive with the automatic gun which in a primary reality was killed by some persons, not to do nonsenses and to do without bloodshed. To scare away difficult teenager Anton the bad company of addicts which will kill him …
And in parallel curious mulatto Emma causes the Devil who in shape of peaceful old man Leonid Semenovich already walks the streets cities. On the same streets the vagrant artist with the face of the Christ.
And with each new episode the situation becomes complicated. For destinies of all protagonists, it appears, only the rate in an apocalyptic bet of the Archangel and the Devil …
Cast.
Alexander Tjutin — "Archangel Michael"
Nodar Mgaloblishvili (scoring: Boris Smolkin) — "the Devil"
Lev Borisov — "Valentine Mihajlovich"
Andrey Berkovsky — "Anton"
Oleg Primagenov — "Anton's father"
Oleg Taktarov — "trainer Oleg"
Natalia Shvets (scoring: Olga Golovanova) — "Valeria Sergeevna (Lera)"
Ekaterina Brener — "Ekstazi"
Cyril Burdihin — "Igor"
Evgenie Burdihina — "Violetta"
Igor Sklyar — "Lera's husband"
Tamara Jatsenko — "Nonna Aleksandrovna"
Georgy Drozd — "Valera"
Igor Furmanjuk — "maniac-murderer"

</doc>
<doc id="31163415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163415" title="William Joshua Ffennell">
William Joshua Ffennell

William Joshua Ffennell (1799–1867), was an Irish fishery reformer.
Ffennell was the eldest son and second of sixteen children of Joshua William and Elizabeth Ffennell, was born 16 August 1799, at Ballybrado, three miles below Cahir on the River Suir. The family had been members of the Society of Friends almost from the time of George Fox, but Ffennell's father, a hospitable country gentleman, was excluded from the society on account of undue conformity to the world. William Joshua resented this sentence (which was afterwards reversed), and with his five brothers joined the established church. He had a desultory education, and spent much time in hunting, shooting, and fishing. He became especially expert in angling for salmon; and his attention was drawn to the decay of the fishing in the Suir and other rivers. 
Career.
In 1824 Ffennell took a lease of Carrigataha, which adjoins Ballybrado on the Suir. After carefully studying the habits of the fish and making himself acquainted with the old acts of parliament, he endeavoured to rouse public attention, with a view to legislative reform. He had difficulties with the poachers in the upper waters, and with the proprietors of the "stake weirs" in the tideway. An act passed in 1826 had forbidden the constabulary to interfere for the protection of salmon. In 1834 he was appointed to the commission of the peace, and by firmness and tact obtained the full confidence of the people in spite of his tory politics. He thus managed to improve the state of the Suir and to obtain the support of public opinion. In 1837 a petition upon the Irish fisheries was presented to parliament by the Earl of Glengall, a friend and neighbour of Ffennell, who spoke upon the subject in the House of Lords (19 June). Lord Glengall and Ffennell became chairman and secretary of the Suir Preservation Society, founded in the same year. It was due to their exertions that an act was passed in 1842, embodying many of Ffennell's proposals, but unfortunately giving privileges to the stake weirs, which long hindered the development of the fishery. 
In 1844 an act was passed authorising police protection for the rivers; and in 1845 another salmon act was passed, and Ffennell was appointed fishery inspector under the board of works. His office included the inspection of sea fisheries, and during the Potato Famine he visited Scotland, examined the process of fish-curing, and tried to introduce it among the starving population of the west coast of Ireland. In 1848 the act commonly called "Ffennell's Act" was passed. This is the initial act of modern salmon legislation, which provides funds and machinery for carrying the law into practice, by making the local administration of the salmon acts self-supporting. He now became a commissioner at the Office of Public Works for the superintendence of the newly formed fishery districts. In 1853 he exhibited working models of salmon passes at the Dublin exhibition of that year, which attracted general attention. His advice was frequently sought in England and Scotland; and in 1860 he was appointed one of the royal commissioners to examine the salmon fisheries of England and Wales. Their report led to an act passed in 1861, under which Ffennell was appointed inspector of salmon fisheries for England and Wales. In 1862 he was appointed commissioner of fisheries for Scotland.
Salmon Act.
In 1863 a salmon act for Ireland was passed, which at last got rid of the stake weirs. A pamphlet written by him contributed to securing this measure. A similar act was passed for England in 1865. In 1866 he started "Land and Water", in conjunction with his friend Francis T. Buckland, with a special eye to the fisheries. 
He died in London 12 March 1867. His chief power lay in his practical knowledge of the salmon fishery question in its minutest details, and his singularly clear and effective method of bringing forward the subject at public meetings.

</doc>
<doc id="31163425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163425" title="VJ Andy">
VJ Andy

VJ Andy (born Anand Vijay Kumar), from Slough, Berkshire, United Kingdom now resides in Mumbai, India, is a Television personality and a Television host. He is notable for being Channel V's VJ and the host of Dare 2 Date, a dating reality show. He has also participated at the 7th season of Bigg Boss finishing at 5th place.
Early life.
He was born in a Punjabi Hindu family in the United Kingdom. He was the host Get Gorgeous 3 and Dare 2 Date on Channel V He has also been a part of a lot of national and international plays. He also hosts Channel V's Beauty and the Geek.He also hosted a show What’s With Indian Women in Fox Traveller India with comedian Sanjay Rajoura. He was a contestant on the Indian reality TV show Bigg Boss 7.
Television.
! Year !! Show !! Role

</doc>
<doc id="31163426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163426" title="Penmanship (disambiguation)">
Penmanship (disambiguation)

Penmanship may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31163434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163434" title="Lorian Swamp">
Lorian Swamp

The Lorian Swamp is an area of wetlands on the Ewaso Ngiro river in Kenya. 
The swampy zone is long and has a greatest width of , covering an area of .
Apart from the Ewaso Ngiro river, the swamp is also fed by wadis from the southwest and the northeast.
The swamp is less than above sea level.
The swamp lies in an arid zone.
Local annual rainfall averages between 180 and 250 mm, but varies widely from year to year. It may be much higher in wet years and much lower in dry years, so the area of the swamp varies considerably.
Potential evaporation rates in the swamp are as much as 2,600 mm per year.
The swamp may almost completely dry up in drought periods.
The area of permanent swamp has shrunk from in 1913 to around in 1962 and in 1990.
Little is known about the swamp, due to the hostile terrain and insecurity in the area.
It is not protected.
The swamp is infested with malarial mosquitos and with vectors of the organisms that cause bilharzia. It is home to crocodiles and is visited by many of the large savannah mammals.
Because of the dangers, cattle are not grazed far into the swamp, but they do make extensive use of the shallow waters, particularly in the dry season.
References.
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="31163454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163454" title="Miss Asia Pacific 1979">
Miss Asia Pacific 1979

Miss Asia Pacific 1979 is the 12th edition of Miss Asia Pacific International. This events was held in June 27 in Manila, Philippines with a participation from 15 countries. Ayla Altas of Turkey was crowned as Miss Asia Pacific 1979.
Results.
Placements.
1 India relinquished 1st runner-up position and prizes due to film commitments. Runners-up moved up one position and Malaysia became 4th runner-up.

</doc>
<doc id="31163456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163456" title="Gortzius Geldorp">
Gortzius Geldorp

Gortzius Geldorp (1553–1618) was a Dutch Renaissance painter.
Biography.
Geldorp was born in Leuven. According to Karel van Mander he first learned to paint from Frans Francken I of Herenthals and later from Frans Pourbus the Elder. He became court painter to the Duke of Terra Nova, with whom he travelled to Cologne, where he stayed. His paintings were engraved by Crispijn van de Passe.
Geldorp died in Cologne, aged about 65. According to the RKD he was the father of the painter George Geldorp.

</doc>
<doc id="31163462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163462" title="Canadian American Railroad">
Canadian American Railroad

The Canadian American Railroad was a railroad that operated between Brownville Junction, Maine and Lennoxville, Quebec. The railroad later expanded west to Farnham, Quebec and then St-Jean-sur-Richelieu, Quebec with running rights on Canadian Pacific Railway (CP) to Montreal, Quebec. CDAC was established in 1994 and operated as a railroad between 1995 and 2002. It was owned by transportation holding company Iron Road Railways.
History.
Beginning in 1993, CP Rail (CP) announced its intention to abandon or sell its Canadian Atlantic Railway (CAR) subsidiary due to declining traffic levels.
In early January 1995 the eastern portion of the CAR mainline from Saint John, New Brunswick to Brownville Junction, Maine was sold to industrial conglomerate J.D. Irving Limited (JDI) which created the New Brunswick Southern Railway (NBS) and Eastern Maine Railway (EMR) as subsidiaries. Owning this section gave JDI access to interchange points with CN Rail (CN) at Saint John, New Brunswick, Guilford Rail System at Mattawamkeag, Maine, and Bangor & Aroostook Railroad (BAR) at Brownville Junction, ME.
Also in early January 1995, the western portion of the CAR mainline from Brownville Junction to Lennoxville, Quebec saw operation transferred to the Canadian American Railroad (CDAC) which was a joint venture of Iron Road Railways and Fieldcrest Cannon Inc. established in mid-1994. In March 1995, CDAC completed purchase of this portion of the CAR mainline from CP; at that time, Iron Road Railways bought out the interest of Fieldcrest Cannon to assume complete control. Also in March 1995, Iron Road Railways purchased the BAR, creating a T-shaped system focused on the interchange point at Brownville Junction. Iron Road Railways also entered into an agreement with J.D. Irving to market the entire line from Lennoxville to Saint John, however EMR and NBSR remained the operator for the line east of Brownville Junction.
For the remainder of the 1990s, CDAC was able to dramatically increase the amount of freight traffic handled from what CP had carried, largely due to aggressive marketing and customized service, particularly for the forestry industry. After several years CDAC operations extended west from Lennoxville to a junction in Farnham, Quebec after Iron Road Railways purchased a former CP route in northern Vermont. CDAC trains also handled traffic from BAR and intermodal traffic from Saint John. The growth of intermodal traffic saw CDAC receive trackage rights over CP from Farnham to Montreal where trains terminated at Cote St. Luc Yard.
CDAC's physical plant suffered due to deferred maintenance, as the holding company Iron Road Railways encountered financial difficulties by the early 2000s. Plans to improve infrastructure for Brownville Junction to Farnham during 1999 never stalled: CDAC and BAR and its affiliates filed for bankruptcy in 2001. On 8 October 2002, the Montreal, Maine & Atlantic Railway (MMA) acquired all of the assets of Iron Road Railways' operations in Maine, Quebec, and Vermont including CDAC and BAR.

</doc>
<doc id="31163483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163483" title="Pueblo de Viudas">
Pueblo de Viudas

Pueblo de Viudas (Spanish for "widow's town", ) is a Chilean village, currently part of urban Pichilemu, Cardenal Caro Province, O'Higgins Region.

</doc>
<doc id="31163495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163495" title="Returning (album)">
Returning (album)

Returning is a compilation album by William Ackerman, released in September 2004 through the record label Decca. In 2005, the album earned Ackerman the Grammy Award for Best New Age Album.

</doc>
<doc id="31163500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163500" title="New American Bible Revised Edition">
New American Bible Revised Edition

The New American Bible Revised Edition (NABRE) is an English-language translation of the Bible. It is the first major update to the New American Bible text in over 20 years. The New American Bible was first published in its entirety in 1970, sponsored by Confraternity of Christian Doctrine. 
Revisions to the New Testament, the work of thirteen translators and five editors, began in 1978 and finished in 1986. The Old Testament revisions began in 1991 with the Psalms, completed by 30 translators and 6 editors. Revisions to the remaining books of the Old Testament began in 1994 by forty translators and eight editors. The Psalms were again revised between 2009 and 2010 by an additional seven translators and two editors. 
The fully revised Old Testament was formally approved by the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops in 2010. The 1986-edition of the New Testament and the newly revised Old Testament were released together on March 9, 2011 as the New American Bible Revised Edition.
Details of revision history prior to beginning of revision on the Old Testament in 1994 can be found here: New American Bible.
Scriptural sources.
New Testament sources are predominantly "UBS3" and "NA26," as further explained below: 
Old Testament major sources come by way of the New American Bible; specifically Biblia Hebraica Stuttgartensia, the Septuagint and the Dead Sea Scrolls. Other source details, such as Codex Sinaiticus, are as described below:
Need for revision.
In a press statement, the USCCB cited three reasons for the necessity of revising the Old Testament. 
First, the new translation aims to utilize modern scholastic advances in biblical study and adapt to changes in linguistics in order to render a more accurate translation in contemporary English. 
Second, the new translation takes advantage of recently discovered ancient manuscripts like the Dead Sea Scrolls which provide better access to the historical textual tradition. 
Third, the new translation uses the best manuscript-translating traditions available in order to translate more literally and accurately than previous translations. The press statement claims that the New American Bible Revised Edition will in many ways be a more literal translation than the original New American Bible. The Psalms, in particular, received special attention to provide a smooth, rhythmic translation which both retains the concrete imagery of the original Hebrew and also provides for easy singing or recitation.
Old Testament.
In August 1990, the Catholic Bible Association passed a resolution urging revision of the Old Testament of the New American Bible. In 1994, the National Conference of Catholic Bishops agreed to pass the resolution and form a steering committee/editorial board to direct the revision. The editorial board for the majority of the Old Testament consisted of 8 editors and 40 translators. In 2002, the Old Testament (excluding the Psalms) was completed and sent to the Subcommittee for the Translation of Scripture Text (previously, the Ad Hoc Committee for the Review of Scripture Translations) to see if it was a suitable Catholic translation. In September 2008, the last book (Jeremiah) of the Old Testament was accepted by the Subcommittee. 
In November 2008, the Old Testament (including footnotes and introductions) was approved by the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops. However, they would not allow it to be published with the 1991 Psalms. A final revision of the NAB Psalter was undertaken using suggestions vetted by the Subcommittee for the Translation of Scripture Text and stricter conformity to "Liturgiam Authenticam".
Psalms.
The Psalms have been the most controversial book of the Old Testament during the course of the revisions leading up to the publication of the New American Bible Revised Edition. The controversy is related to the adaptation of the New American Bible text's use in the official liturgy of the Catholic Church in the United States.
The first revision of the Psalms in 1991 was rejected for liturgical use by the Congregation for Divine Worship and the Discipline of the Sacraments at the Vatican because of the extensive application of gender-neutral language in the text. 
Example: “Blessed the man” (Ps. 1:1)-- a literal translation of the Hebrew—was replaced by “happy those” in the 1991 revision. This particular phrase has reverted in 2010 Psalms to "Blessed the man." 
The current liturgical text of the Psalms was modified under the supervision of the a Congregation of the Holy See and the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops for use in the Roman Catholic liturgy in 2000. The Vatican Congregation accepted some use of gender-neutral language, such as where the speaker is speaking of one of unknown gender (rendering "person" in place of "man"), but rejected any changes relating to God or Christ. 
The newly revised Psalms found in the New American Bible Revised Edition follows the guidelines of "Liturgiam Authenticam", a document issued by the Congregation for Divine Worship and the Discipline of the Sacraments. Throughout the new translation of the Psalms, the use of gender-neutral language has been limited and appropriate gender-specific pronouns used in conjunction with the original Hebrew.
Changes to vocabulary.
One of the more important changes found in the New American Bible Revised Edition is the substitution of various words and phrases for language which carries a modern connotation which is quite different from the original suggested meanings. Examples include changing "cereal" to "grain" and "booty" to "plunder."
Examples.
Similarly, "holocaust" has been changed to "burnt offering". The word "holocaust" in modern English has become used almost exclusively to refer to the attempted genocide of the Jewish people during World War II. In order to capture the biblical meaning, the translators chose the phrase "burnt offering" to replace "holocaust" throughout the text in reference to sacrifices made to God.
Gender-neutral language.
In general, gender-neutral language is language that is formulated to specifically include women by avoiding generic masculine forms such as he/him/men/man. The New American Bible Revised Edition has translated all references to human beings using gender-neutral words or phrases because male pronouns are sometimes understood in North American English to be gender-specific. Gender-neutral language is the rule except where the use of gender-neutral language would create awkward phrasing. One of the most common concerns among more conservative Catholics awaiting the release of the New American Bible Revised Edition was whether or not the Bible would be translated with so-called "horizontal" and/or "vertical" non-gendered language. Modern liturgy and Bible scholars make a distinction between "horizontal" non-gendered language—those words and phrases that refer to relationships between human beings—and "vertical" non-gendered language—words and phrases that denote the relationship between human beings and God. Some Protestants and Catholics find neither form of gender-neutral editing acceptable. The Vatican norms for translation of the Bible include that, "The translation of scripture should faithfully reflect the Word of God in the original human languages, without 'correction' or 'improvement' in service of modern sensitivities." and do not support improving the Bible to be in line with public sentiment.
Horizontal gender-neutral language.
As it relates to Bible translations, "horizontal" gender-neutral language translates gender-specific pronouns and words like "man" and "mankind" to gender-neutral pronouns such as the grammatically controversial singular they or "you" for "he." Other examples are "people" for "men" and "brothers & sisters" for "brethren." Thus, a particular passage in scripture might be rendered with gender-neutral language to avoid any sense that the teaching in the passage is for men only, rather than for men and women alike. 
According to a press backgrounder released by the USCCB, the New American Bible Revised Edition "reflects the original meaning of the texts. Much of the original material, especially in the narrative books, was gender specific and remains so."
Vertical gender-neutral language.
Whereas horizontal non-gendered language is generally viewed as an understandable adaptation in light of modern gender sensitivity, "vertical" neutral language—any pronoun or referent to the Christian God—is considered a break from both tradition and Christian revelation. The Catholic Magisterium has made it clear that any gender-neutral language in reference to any of the three persons of the Holy Trinity—Father, Son, or Holy Spirit—is unacceptable. According to Catholic faith, "traditional masculine language for God...belongs to the deposit of divine revelation and may not be replaced gender-neutral or feminine language." This is so especially in light of the Church's ancient tradition, and of the teaching regarding Jesus Christ's incarnation as a specifically male person.
The USCCB stated in its press backgrounder that "all references to God retain the traditional use of masculine pronouns" in the New American Bible Revised Edition.
Completed Revision Release and Use.
In January 2011, the USCCB announced that the fourth edition of the NAB would be published on March 9 of that year. To be known as the "New American Bible, Revised Edition" or NABRE, the fourth edition of the NAB includes the newly revised Old Testament and re-revised Psalms, and the revised New Testament from the 1986 second edition. While the NABRE represents a revision of the NAB towards conformity towards "Liturgiam Authenticam", there have not been any announced plans to use the NABRE for the lectionary in the United States. The USCCB announced the approval is for "private use and study" while masses will continue to use a lectionary taken from "an earlier, modified version of the NAB translation." 
Among press coverage on the release of the New American Bible Revised Edition on March 9, 2011 were interviews on local news channels, national news coverage by NPR and NBC, as well as a variety of articles by online journals and publications.

</doc>
<doc id="31163510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163510" title="Newton Smith Fielding">
Newton Smith Fielding

Newton Smith Fielding (1799–1856), was an English painter and lithographer.
Life.
Fielding was born in London in 1799, the youngest son of Nathan Theodore Fielding. He exhibited at the Society of Painters in Water-colours, showing some landscapes in 1815, and cattle pieces in 1818. He is best known for his paintings and engravings of animals. Besides painting in water-colours, he also made etchings, aquatints, and lithographs, becoming especially proficienct in the last of these. He moved to Paris where he lived until his death, on 12 January 1856; he was much esteemed there, entering the 1827 Paris Salon and teaching the family of Louis-Philippe. In 1836 he published in London a set of "Subjects after Nature", and in Paris he published sets of lithographs of animals, and illustrations to various works.
He also published: "Three Hundred Lessons; or, a Year's Instruction in Landscape Drawing, including Marine Subjects, with Hints on Perspective", (1852); "Lessons on Fortification, with Plates", (1853); "A Dictionary of Colour, containing Seven Hundred and Fifty Tints, to which is prefixed a Grammar of Colour", (1854); "What to Sketch with; or, Hints on the Use of Coloured Crayons, Water-colours, Oil-colours, Black and White Chalks, Black-lead Pencil, and the Author's new Method of Preserving the Lights with Composition", (1856); and "How to Sketch from Nature; or, Perspective and its Application", (2nd edit. 1856).

</doc>
<doc id="31163518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163518" title="St Helen's Church, Little Cawthorpe">
St Helen's Church, Little Cawthorpe

St Helen's Church, Little Cawthorpe, is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Little Cawthorpe, Lincolnshire, England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building, and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. Little Cawthorpe is about southwest of the village of Legbourne, and southeast of Louth.
History.
The church was built in 1860, and designed by R. J. Withers. It was declared redundant in April 1996.
Architecture.
Exterior.
St Helen's is constructed in red brick, with decoration in dark burnt brick. The dressings are in limestone ashlar, with some green sandstone and marble. The roofs are slated with red ridge tiles. It is a small church, seating only about 60 people. Its plan is simple, and consists of a nave with a south porch, a chancel, and a north vestry with a chimney. At the west end is a bellcote. On the roof at the east end, and at the junction between the nave and the chancel are wrought iron finials. The bellcote has hung slates in its lower part, above which is a row of star-shaped openings. On its summit is a broached spirelet surmounted by a weathercock. At the west end of the church is a large pointed window with two lights. On the north side is the vestry with two lancet windows to the east. The vestry has a doorway with a small pointed window to its right, and in its east wall is a two-light pointed window. The east window is large, with three lights. Beneath it is a foundation stone inscribed with the date 1860. On the south side of the chancel is a two-light window, and there is a pair of lancet windows in the south wall of the nave. The gabled porch has a pointed doorway.
Interior.
Inside the church, the pointed chancel arch has two orders and is decorated with red diamond-shaped tiles. Its responds have marble shafts and ornate capitals. In the north wall of the chancel are three sharply pointed openings, the one to the east leading to the vestry. In the south wall is a plain sedilia. Behind the altar is an ornate reredos composed of encaustic tiles. The altar rail, the octagonal font, and the polygonal pulpit all date from the 19th century. There is a monument under the west window dated 1860. The windows contain richly coloured stained glass.

</doc>
<doc id="31163537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163537" title="Thomas Kirby House">
Thomas Kirby House

The Thomas Kirby House in Kendrick, Idaho was built in 1889. It was built by Thomas Kirby, a man highly responsible for the railroads that started in Kendrick and went to Troy, Idaho.
The house is Queen Anne in style, and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="31163555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163555" title="Gabriel of Blaouza">
Gabriel of Blaouza

Gabriel II of Blaouza (or Jibra'il al-Bluzani, "Gabriel of Blawza", , ), was the Maronite Patriarch of Antioch from 1704 to his death in 1705.
Life.
Gabriel of Blaouza was born in Blaouza, Lebanon in about 1625, son of an archdeacon. He entered young in the monastery of St. Anthony of Qozhaya in the Kadisha Valley.
Gabriel of Blaouza was appointed and consecrated Maronite bishop of Aleppo by Patriarch George Rizqallah Beseb'ely in 1663. He left his monastery and went to Aleppo, and served here as bishop for forty-one years till his election to Patriarch. During his service in Aleppo he many time supported and helped Patriarch Estephan El Douaihy. 
Gabriel of Blaouza, after a previous attempt failed because of the opposition of the Druzes, succeed to found a religious order, the Antonin Maronite Order, characterized by a centralized organization with its proper hierarchy. The first Mass was celebrated in the newly erected church at Monastery of Mar Chaya on August 15, 1700.
Afert the death of Patriarch Estephan El Douaihy, Gabriel of Blaouza was elected Patriarch on May 12, 1704, and his election was confirmed by Pope Clement XI on April 27, 1705. Gabriel of Blaouza died shortly later, on October 31, 1705.

</doc>
<doc id="31163583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163583" title="Fred Everest Banbury">
Fred Everest Banbury

Captain Fred Everest Banbury was a Canadian flying ace during World War I. While flying for the Royal Naval Air Service, he was credited with 11 official aerial victories.
Early life.
Fred Everest Banbury was the son of Susannah B. and Robert B. Banbury of Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada. The younger Banbury attended Victoria University, Toronto from 1911–12; he then transferred to University College, Toronto from 1912–14. In March 1916, he travelled to Newport News, Virginia to enroll in the Curtiss Flying School. He earned his pilot's certificate with the highest marks ever seen in the school. He then traveled to England to join the RNAS.
World War I.
On 28 June 1916 Fred. E. Banbury was commissioned as a temporary Flight Sub-Lieutenant. On 21 April 1917, Second Lieutenant F. E. Banbury resigned his commission in a Guards regiment.
Banbury was posted to 9 Naval Squadron, and scored his first aerial victory on 31 May 1917, when he used a Sopwith Pup to share in sending a German reconnaissance plane down out of control over Ostend. The following day, he used the same Pup, serial number N6188, to drive down a Halberstadt recon plane. Banbury then switched to a Sopwith Camel. Beginning 25 July 1917, he ran off a string of eight wins that would take him through 23 November. He scored one final time, on 26 March 1918, when he helped capture a German recon two-seater. In summary, Banbury single-handedly destroyed an Albatros D.V and sent down a German recon plane out of control. The rest of his wins were shared ones, with squadronmates such as John Pinder, Oliver Redgate, Stearne Edwards, Roy Brown, Merrill Samuel Taylor, Cedric Edwards, Francis Mellersh, John Paynter, and others.
Banbury was killed in a flying accident on 1 April 1918. His award of the Distinguished Service Cross was gazetted on the 26th.

</doc>
<doc id="31163585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163585" title="James S. Cunningham">
James S. Cunningham

James Smith Cunningham (1840 – 1921) was a Union Army soldier during the American Civil War. He received the Medal of Honor for gallantry during the Siege of Vicksburg on May 22, 1863.
Union assault.
On May 22, 1863, General Ulysses S. Grant ordered an assault on the Confederate heights at Vicksburg, Mississippi. The plan called for a storming party of volunteers to build a bridge across a moat and plant scaling ladders against the enemy embankment in advance of the main attack.
The volunteers knew the odds were against survival and the mission was called, in nineteenth century vernacular, a "forlorn hope". Only single men were accepted as volunteers and even then, twice as many men as needed came forward and were turned away. The assault began in the early morning following a naval bombardment.
The Union soldiers came under enemy fire immediately and were pinned down in the ditch they were to cross. Despite repeated attacks by the main Union body, the men of the forlorn hope were unable to retreat until nightfall. Of the 150 men in the storming party, nearly half were killed. Seventy-nine of the survivors were awarded the Medal of Honor.
Medal of Honor citation.
“For gallantry in the charge of the volunteer storming party on 22 May 1863.”

</doc>
<doc id="31163586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163586" title="Sierra de la Cabrera">
Sierra de la Cabrera

The Sierra de la Cabrera is a mountain range in northern Spain. The landscape shows evidence of past glaciation.
The Sierra de la Cabrera gives its name to a Site of Community Importance (ES4190110), and a Special Protection Area (ES4130024).

</doc>
<doc id="31163594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163594" title="Cowbeech">
Cowbeech

Cowbeech is a small village and civil parish in the Wealden district of East Sussex, England. Its nearest town is Hailsham, which lies approximately south-west from the village.

</doc>
<doc id="31163602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163602" title="Colin Harrison">
Colin Harrison

Colin Harrison may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31163628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163628" title="2011 World Senior Curling Championships – Women's tournament">
2011 World Senior Curling Championships – Women's tournament

The women's tournament of the 2011 World Senior Curling Championships was held from April 15 to 24, 2011. Eleven women's teams played in a round-robin, and the top four teams will advance to the semifinals, where they played a single-knockout round to determine the winner.
Round Robin Standings.
"Final Round Robin Standings"
Round Robin Results.
All draw times are listed in Central Standard Time (UTC-06).
Draw 1.
"Sunday, April 17, 08:00
Draw 2.
"Sunday, April 17, 18:00
Draw 3.
"Monday, April 18, 11:00
Draw 4.
"Monday, April 18, 18:00"
Draw 5.
"Tuesday, April 19, 11:30
Draw 6.
"Tuesday, April 19, 21:30
Draw 7.
"Wednesday, April 20, 11:00
Draw 8.
"Wednesday, April 20, 18:00
Draw 9.
"Thursday, April 21, 08:00
Draw 10.
"Thursday, April 21, 18:00
Draw 11.
"Friday, April 22, 08:00
Playoffs.
Semifinals.
"Saturday, April 23, 9:00"
Bronze Medal Game.
"Saturday, April 23, 14:00"
Gold Medal Game.
"Saturday, April 23, 14:00"

</doc>
<doc id="31163631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163631" title="2011 World Senior Curling Championships – Men's tournament">
2011 World Senior Curling Championships – Men's tournament

The men's tournament of the 2011 World Senior Curling Championships was held from April 15 to 24, 2011. 
21 teams participated in three groups. The teams played a round robin within their groups, and the top two teams from each group automatically qualified for the quarterfinals. The third-ranked teams among the groups used a draw stone challenge to determine which group took the seventh spot in the quarterfinals. The remaining two third-ranked teams then played a qualification game to determine the last qualifying spot.
Round Robin Standings.
"Final Round Robin Standings"
Round Robin Results.
All draw times are listed in Central Standard Time (UTC-06).
Blue Group.
Sunday, April 17.
Draw 1
08:00
Draw 3
18:00
Monday, April 18.
Draw 6
14:30
Tuesday, April 19.
Draw 8
08:00
Draw 10
18:00
Wednesday, April 20.
Draw 13
14:30
Draw 15
21:30
Thursday, April 21.
Draw 17
14:30
Red Group.
Sunday, April 17.
Draw 2
11:30
Draw 4
21:30
Monday, April 18.
Draw 5
11:00
Tuesday, April 19.
Draw 8
08:00
Draw 10
18:00
Wednesday, April 20.
Draw 13
14:30
Thursday, April 21.
Draw 17
14:30
Draw 19
21:30
Green Group.
Sunday, April 17.
Draw 2
11:30
Draw 4
21:30
Monday, April 18.
Draw 6
14:30
Tuesday, April 19.
Draw 8
08:00
Draw 9
11:30
Draw 10
18:00
Draw 11
21:30
Wednesday, April 20.
Draw 12
11:00
Draw 13
14:30
Draw 15
21:30
Thursday, April 21.
Draw 19
21:30
Playoffs.
Qualification Game.
"Friday, April 22, 15:00"
Quarterfinals.
"Friday, April 22, 20:00"
Semifinals.
"Saturday, April 23, 9:00"
Bronze Medal Game.
"Saturday, April 23, 14:00"
Gold Medal Game.
"Saturday, April 23, 14:00"

</doc>
<doc id="31163634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163634" title="Royal Waterloo Hospital for Children and Women">
Royal Waterloo Hospital for Children and Women

The Royal Waterloo Hospital for Children and Women was a hospital located on the corner of Waterloo Bridge Road and Stamford Street near Waterloo Station in London, England.
History.
The hospital was founded in 1816 as the Universal Dispensary for Children, this was changed in 1852 to the Royal Infirmary for Children and Women. The hospital underwent its final name change to the Royal Waterloo Hospital for Children and Women in 1875.
In an 1856 review of the hospital system in London, the "British Journal of Homeopathy" noted the serious shortage of hospital beds for children in London:
By the year of the hospital's rebuilding in 1903 the concerns over bed space remained: an article in the British Medical Journal raised the concern that the Waterloo site left little room for extension.
Joining the NHS and closure.
The hospital joined the National Health Service in 1948 as part of the nearby St Thomas' Hospital group of hospitals (now Guy's and St Thomas' NHS Foundation Trust). The Royal Waterloo Hospital closed on the 27 July 1976. In 1981 the building was sold and became the central London campus of Schiller International University. In 2011, Schiller International University moved out of the building and sold it to University of Notre Dame of South Bend, Indiana, USA where it was renovated and converted into dormitories.
Hospital buildings and locations.
In its first incarnation the hospital was located at St Andrew's Hill, in the now demolished Doctor's Commons in the City of London. Between 1903-04 premises were built at a cost of £45000 to house an outpatients' department and inpatient accommodation of 90 beds at the corner of Waterloo Bridge Road and Stamford Street near Waterloo Station. This building was awarded Grade II listed status by English Heritage in 1980. The hospital remained at this location until its closure in 1976. In September 1981 the building was renovated and became for three decades the central London campus of Schiller International University. The hospital building was renamed Royal Waterloo House, 51-55 Waterloo Road, London SE1 8TX. The World of Learning, Section Six: American Colleges in the UK, p. 139 (1988 edition), et al. In 2010 Royal Waterloo House was sold to another American university, the University of Notre Dame, who further adapted the building as a student residence for students at their London campus.

</doc>
<doc id="31163636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163636" title="Martin K. Davis">
Martin K. Davis

Martin K. Davis (1843 – 1936) was a Union Army soldier during the American Civil War. He received the Medal of Honor for gallantry during the Siege of Vicksburg on May 22, 1863.
Davis joined the 116th Illinois Infantry in August 1862, and was mustered out in June 1865.
Union assault.
On May 22, 1863, General Ulysses S. Grant ordered an assault on the Confederate heights at Vicksburg, Mississippi. The plan called for a storming party of volunteers to build a bridge across a moat and plant scaling ladders against the enemy embankment in advance of the main attack.
The volunteers knew the odds were against survival and the mission was called, in nineteenth century vernacular, a "forlorn hope". Only single men were accepted as volunteers and even then, twice as many men as needed came forward and were turned away. The assault began in the early morning following a naval bombardment.
The Union soldiers came under enemy fire immediately and were pinned down in the ditch they were to cross. Despite repeated attacks by the main Union body, the men of the forlorn hope were unable to retreat until nightfall. Of the 150 men in the storming party, nearly half were killed. Seventy-nine of the survivors were awarded the Medal of Honor.
Medal of Honor citation.
For gallantry in the charge of the volunteer storming party on 22 May 1863.

</doc>
<doc id="31163637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163637" title="2010–11 LPB season">
2010–11 LPB season

The 2010–11 LPB season is the 3rd season of the Liga Portuguesa de Basquetebol.
Promotion and relegation.
Teams promoted from 2009–2010 Proliga
Teams relegated to 2010-2011 Proliga
Team Information.
"Last updated: 5 December 2010"
Team Standings.
Regular Season standings:

</doc>
<doc id="31163650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163650" title="Nicolas Pallois">
Nicolas Pallois

Nicolas Pallois (born 19 September 1987) is a French professional footballer who currently plays as a defender for Bordeaux. He has previously played for Quevilly, Valenciennes, Laval and Chamois Niortais.
Career.
Pallois started his career with Caen but failed to make an appearance for the club before moving to Championnat de France amateur side Quevilly in 2008. During his two years with Quevilly, he played 53 league matches and scored 3 goals. In May 2010, Pallois joined Ligue 1 club Valenciennes on a three-year contract. He made his professional debut during the 2010–11 season with Valenciennes and went on to play 11 times for the club, before moving on loan to Laval for the 2011–12 season.
On 28 June 2012, Pallois signed a two-year deal with newly promoted Ligue 2 side Chamois Niortais. He went on to make 71 league appearances for Niort over the following two seasons, scoring four goals. On 17 June 2014, he signed a four-year contract with Bordeaux.

</doc>
<doc id="31163662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163662" title="2011 Morocco Tennis Tour – Rabat – Singles">
2011 Morocco Tennis Tour – Rabat – Singles

Rubén Ramírez Hidalgo decided not to defend his last year's title.<br>
Ivo Minář won in the final against Peter Luczak 7–5, 6–3.

</doc>
<doc id="31163664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163664" title="Forever Female">
Forever Female

Forever Female is a 1953 film directed by Irving Rapper. It stars Ginger Rogers and William Holden. It won a Golden Globe in 1954.
Plot.
The reviews are in and a new play starring Beatrice Page and produced by Harry Phillips is a flop. Long divorced but still a team, they need a new project and meet playwright Stanley Krown, who has written one in which the lead roles are a mother and a 19-year-old daughter.
Beatrice wants to play the daughter. She can't pass for 19 but believes she can for 29, so wants the play rewritten. She also displays a romantic interest in Stanley.
A young actress first calling herself Sally Carver and then Peggy Pruitt wants an audition. Stanley has her do some typing on his rewrite, and a jealous Beatrice finds her an acting job out of town. Stanley's play previews in Washington, D.C., and flops. Sally, now calling herself Claudia Souvain, tries to persuade Stanley that the actress is too old for the role.
Seeing the play in a small town with Sally in the lead, now under her real name of Clara Mootz, convinces Stanley that she is right. Beatrice finally concedes that it's time for her to act her age. She agrees to take the mother's part, and on Broadway the play is a huge success.

</doc>
<doc id="31163684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163684" title="Bad for Each Other">
Bad for Each Other

Bad for Each Other is a 1953 film directed by Irving Rapper, and starring Charlton Heston and Lizabeth Scott.
Plot.
Army colonel and doctor Tom Owen returns home to Coalville, Pennsylvania, on leave. He learns from wealthy mine owner Dan Reasonover that his brother Floyd, a mine safety engineer killed in an explosion, had betrayed Reasonover's trust; he had been embezzling and stealing even more money by purchasing cheap, substandard equipment. Floyd was also heavily in debt. Tom wants to pay it all back, though Dan Reasonover tries to talk him out of it.
Twice divorced socialite Helen Curtis, Dan's daughter, meets Tom at a party and likes what she sees. Helen asks him for a date, during which she informs him she has arranged for him to meet Dr. Homer Gleeson. Gleeson runs a fancy Pittsburgh clinic catering to the upper class. Gleeson's associate has quit to start his own practice, so he offers Tom the vacancy. Knowing that Tom has vowed to pay his late brother's debts, she talks him into accepting, despite Tom's contentment in the Army and his mother's disapproval. Tom's first task is hiring a nurse; he selects Joan Lasher, an attractive and idealistic young woman who intends to become a doctor herself.
Tom and Helen begin dating. Eventually, Tom proposes to her, and she accepts. Her own father warns him that her wealth had poisoned her first two marriages, but Tom remains adamant.
Lasher becomes disappointed that Tom treats wealthy society patients for minor ailments when he could be doing more good elsewhere. Dr. Jim Crowley, a former sergeant who was inspired by Tom's example to resume his medical studies, comes to Tom to ask for a job, not for the money (though he is poor) but for the experience of working and learning from such a superb surgeon. Tom sends him to see Dr. Lester Scobee, who cares for the miners of Coalville.
Emergency surgery is needed for Mrs. Roger Nelson, Helen's rich and influential aunt. Her personal physician, Gleeson, pleads with Tom to perform the operation for him, as he himself has not done any surgery in ten years. When Tom does so, unethically, Lasher quits. Gleeson decides to charge Mrs. Nelson an exorbitant fee, which he splits with Tom. Helen's aunt eventually finds out who actually operated on her. Though she is grateful, she questions his ethics. Before Tom can defend himself, he is called away by an emergency: a mine explosion at Coalville.
Tom enters the mine and joins Jim treating and rescuing miners. They get out before the chamber they were in collapses, but Jim is fatally injured and dies in the ambulance. Tom tells Helen he is quitting the clinic to work in Coalville. Helen tells him she cannot live there, so they reluctantly part. Tom arrives at his new office, to find Joan already at work.
Miscellaneous.
The plot of the 1938 film, "The Citadel", was reshuffled and simplified for "Bad for Each Other". In "The Citadel", Robert Donat plays a doctor who forgoes treating miners in Wales in order to become a highly paid society doctor in London. The mine-rescue sequence in "Bad for Each Other" is near-identical to the equivalent sequence in "The Citadel".

</doc>
<doc id="31163703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163703" title="David F. Day">
David F. Day

David Frakes Day (1847 – 1914) was a Union Army soldier during the American Civil War, and later a newspaper publisher. He received the Medal of Honor for gallantry during the Siege of Vicksburg on May 22, 1863.
Early military service.
Day enlisted in the army from Ohio in January 1862, at the age of 14. He served with the 57th Ohio Infantry, and fought in the battles of Shiloh and Stones River.
Union assault.
On May 22, 1863, General Ulysses S. Grant ordered an assault on the Confederate heights at Vicksburg, Mississippi. The plan called for a storming party of volunteers to build a bridge across a moat and plant scaling ladders against the enemy embankment in advance of the main attack.
The volunteers knew the odds were against survival and the mission was called, in nineteenth century vernacular, a "forlorn hope". Only single men were accepted as volunteers and even then, twice as many men as needed came forward and were turned away. The assault began in the early morning following a naval bombardment.
The Union soldiers came under enemy fire immediately and were pinned down in the ditch they were to cross. Despite repeated attacks by the main Union body, the men of the forlorn hope were unable to retreat until nightfall. Of the 150 men in the storming party, nearly half were killed. Seventy-nine of the survivors were awarded the Medal of Honor.
Medal of Honor citation.
For gallantry in the charge of the volunteer storming party on 22 May 1863.
Later life.
Following his actions at Vicksburg, Major General Francis P. Blair appointed Day as an orderly on his staff, and he eventually became Blair's chief scout, despite his young age. During his time as a scout, he claimed to have been captured at least 3 times, but always escaped. He was discharged in August 1865.
By 1879, Day had settled in Colorado, and started publishing a newspaper called "The Solid Muldoon", lampooning politicians and prominent local citizens. He sold his paper in 1892 and founded a new one, called "The Durango Democrat". Known for his wit and sarcasm, by the end of the century he had dozens of libel suits pending against him. He died in Denver on 22 June 1914, and was buried at Riverside Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="31163724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163724" title="Strange Intruder">
Strange Intruder

Strange Intruder is a 1956 film directed by Irving Rapper. It stars Edmund Purdom and Ida Lupino.
Plot.
Dying in a Korea prisoner-of-war camp, Adrian Carmichael learns his wife Alice has been unfaithful back home. He makes friend Paul Quentin promise not to let the Carmichaels' children be raised by another man, no matter what.
Paul escapes from camp and is treated for trauma in a U.S. hospital for veterans. Having no family of his own, he visits Carmichael's and is made welcome. Alice has ended her affair with Howard Gray, but he is blackmailing her. Paul becomes consumed with his friend's last request and has terrible visions of killing Carmichael's kids.
After a fight with Gray, he comes to realize that a return to the VA hospital is necessary. Treated like a part of the family now, Paul believes his frightening promise to be a thing of the past.

</doc>
<doc id="31163734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163734" title="Antonietta (given name)">
Antonietta (given name)

Antonietta is an Italian given name, the feminine form of Antoine, meaning "priceless, inestimable, highly praised". It is one of many given names traceable to the root "Anthos", meaning "flower".
Nicknames.
Common nicknames for Antonietta include :

</doc>
<doc id="31163752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163752" title="Pontius Pilate (film)">
Pontius Pilate (film)

Pontius Pilate (, ) is an Italian drama film from 1962, directed by Gian Paolo Callegari and Irving Rapper, written by Oreste Biancoli, starring Jean Marais and Jeanne Crain.
The film was known under the titles: "Ponce Pilate" (France), "Poncio Pilatos" (Spain), "Pontius Pilate" (UK / USA), "Pontius Pilatus – Statthalter des Grauens" (Germany).
John Drew Barrymore played the characters of both Judas Iscariot and Jesus of Nazareth.
The scenario was based mainly on the Gospel of John. The following biblical passages are quoted in the film: ; Mark 15:2; Luke 23:1; John 18:33; 18:37; ; 19:9-11; ; Deuteronomy 21:6-7; John 19:19-21; 19:22.
This film takes a perspective on events surrounding the Passion of Jesus Christ by focusing on Pontius Pilate, the Procurator of Judea who condemned Him to death. Pilate is a man for whom nothing seems to go as planned.
The film was produced in Italy. Realised on 15 February 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="31163779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163779" title="Richard W. DeWitt">
Richard W. DeWitt

Richard Willis DeWitt (June 25, 1838 – September 16, 1909) was a Union Army soldier during the American Civil War. He received the Medal of Honor for gallantry during the Siege of Vicksburg on May 22, 1863.
Union assault.
On May 22, 1863, General Ulysses S. Grant ordered an assault on the Confederate heights at Vicksburg, Mississippi. The plan called for a storming party of volunteers to build a bridge across a moat and plant scaling ladders against the enemy embankment in advance of the main attack.
The volunteers knew the odds were against survival and the mission was called, in nineteenth century vernacular, a "forlorn hope". Only single men were accepted as volunteers and even then, twice as many men as needed came forward and were turned away. The assault began in the early morning following a naval bombardment.
The Union soldiers came under enemy fire immediately and were pinned down in the ditch they were to cross. Despite repeated attacks by the main Union body, the men of the forlorn hope were unable to retreat until nightfall. Of the 150 men in the storming party, nearly half were killed. Seventy-nine of the survivors were awarded the Medal of Honor.
Medal of Honor citation.
For gallantry in the charge of the volunteer storming party on 22 May 1863.

</doc>
<doc id="31163794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163794" title="Aleksei Medvedev">
Aleksei Medvedev

Aleksei Medvedev may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31163816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163816" title="Jersey R.F.C.">
Jersey R.F.C.

Jersey Rugby Football Club is a rugby club in the RFU Championship. In the 2009/10 season JRFC won their play-off at Twickenham and also in the 2012/13 beat their greatest rivals Guernsey to win the Siam Cup for the fifth
consecutive year. Jersey gained promotion by winning National League One and are now in RFU Championship.
History.
Older history.
Rugby has been played in Jersey since 1879 with breaks for war and the Nazi occupation but the modern era started when the club acquired the land for a permanent home in Saint Peter near Jersey Airport in 1961; the original wooden clubhouse was built in 1964, its approximate location was in the middle of the Jersey Bowl carpark. From the early 1970s, when tourism in the island was at its peak, Jersey attracted many of rugby’s top clubs who could combine a break from their regular fixtures with a game against the JRFC.
This period culminated with a very successful Centenary year in 1979, teams with international players came over to play and help celebrate this event – JPR Williams being one of the most famous! This decade left the club with an unequalled collection of plaques and memorabelia; teams coming from the UK, Ireland, South Africa, Australia (the beachguard connection) and Holland.
Modern History.
The current clubhouse was opened in September 1994 and corresponded approximately with the start of the leagues; by then Jersey could not rely on random visiting sides and had to join the league in Hampshire.
In the summer of 2010 the new Lord Jersey Stand was built between the 1st XV pitch and the Airport Road and the Pavilion, with kitchen and bar, to the east of the main club facilities. This was to provide amenities for the increasing number of spectators due to the further success of the 1st XV.
The last few years have seen the first team work its way up the National Leagues, winning the overall National League 3 in 2010 and progressing to National League 2 South. Most recently in 2011, Jersey were promoted to National League 1 through a play-off game at home to Loughborough Students.
The clubs kit is red with black shorts and socks and the away shirts are blue with black shorts and socks.
During their first season in National League 1 Jersey suffered a narrow defeat in their first game against Fylde and also lost their first home game in two and a half years against Ealing. They were also docked 5 points for fielding too many foreign players in their defeat to Cinderford. Despite these setbacks Jersey bounced back winning 11 games in a row and ended 2011 second in the National League 1 table, only 1 point behind Ealing. In their first game of 2012 they beat top of the table Ealing 24–16, making promotion a very real possibility. This run continued with wins against Rosslyn Park, Cinderford, Wharfedale and Stourbridge giving them 19 wins in a row but stuttered against Barking but since have won all their remaining games, most notably an away win against Coventry in which over 400 Jersey fans went to Coventry, to get promotion to the Championship.
In July 2012, it was reported that the States of Jersey Economic Development Department would sponsor the club for one year at a cost of £75,000.
Siam Cup.
The Siam Cup is the annual Rugby Union competition held between the Channel Islands of Jersey and Guernsey. It was first contested in 1920. The trophy awarded its winner is the second oldest rugby honour contested after the Calcutta Cup. This year's contest sees no change in the rules with full strength teams being played.
Club Information.
Jersey play at the St. Peter grounds which is adjacent to Jersey Airport. Jersey have lodged planning applications to build a stand seating around 950 people, extensions to the clubhouse, permission to use a new pitch for parking and an entrance to this from the road.
Current squad.
"2013/14"

</doc>
<doc id="31163835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163835" title="Government of Mohamed Ghannouchi">
Government of Mohamed Ghannouchi

During the 2010–2011 Tunisian uprising, Zine El Abidine Ben Ali who acted as president of Tunisia for 23 years fled. Mohamed Ghannouchi formed a new government. Fouad Mebazaa took office in January 2011 as interim president. A new government was formed on January 17, 2011. On January 27, there were changes in the government.
Members.
As of January 27, members included: 
Replacement.
Ghannouchi was replaced as Prime Minister on 27 February 2011 by Beji Caid el Sebsi.

</doc>
<doc id="31163840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163840" title="Men's K-1 at WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade -54 kg">
Men's K-1 at WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade -54 kg

The men's bantamweight (54 kg/118.8 lbs) K-1 category at the W.A.K.O. World Championships 2007 in Belgrade was the lightest of the K-1 tournaments and the smallest, involving just four fighters from two continents (Europe and Africa). Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under K-1 rules.
The tournament gold medallist was Portugal's Fernando Machado who defeated Aliaksei Papou from Belarus in the final. The two other fighters at the event, Azamat Murzabekov from Russia and Amine Alaoui M'Hamdi from Morocco, were awarded bronze medals.

</doc>
<doc id="31163841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163841" title="Kress Building (Lubbock, Texas)">
Kress Building (Lubbock, Texas)

The Kress Building at 1109 Broadway in Lubbock, Texas was built in 1932 as a S. H. Kress & Co. store building. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
It is a Mission/Spanish Revival style building designed and/or built by Edward F. Sibbert.

</doc>
<doc id="31163846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163846" title="State v. Elliott">
State v. Elliott

State v. Elliott, 616 A.2d 210 (Vt. 1992), is a decision of the Vermont Supreme Court holding that all aboriginal title in Vermont was extinguished "by the increasing weight of history." The Vermont Supreme Court has clarified that its holding in "Elliott" applies to the entire state.
Background.
In 1987, the land claim became an issue in the Abenaki chief election between Homer St. Francis and Lester Lampman. Lampman advocated that the tribe take a more aggressive stance in pushing its claim to "all of Vermont as well as parts of New Hampshire, Massachusetts and Maine." St. Francis won the election. 
On October 18, 1987, St. Francis organized a "fish-in" with 35 other tribal members on the Missisquoi River, conducted without licenses from the state. 
Just prior to the district court's decision, Chief St. Francis withdrew the tribe's petition for federal recognition, saying: "We don't need a Government we don't recognize to tell us we exist."
Prior history.
The case arose in the aftermath two Vermont District Court decisions.
"State v. Saint Francis" (1989).
In "State v. Saint Francis", on August 14, 1989, Judge Joseph J. Wolchik of the Vermont District Court in Franklin County, in a 96-page decision, held that the Abenaki were a tribe, retained aboriginal rights to hunt and fish, and therefore did not need to acquire fishing licenses from the state. Judge Wolchik held that the Abenaki's aboriginal area consisted of 500,000 acres in northwestern Vermont: Grand Isle County, most of Franklin County, and some of Chittenden and Orleans counties. Wolchik dismissed the charges against all but six of the defendants; he held that the remaining six were not tribal members.
In the aftermath of the decision, Chief St. Francis vowed to file a land claim "as soon as possible." By then, St. Francis estimated the tribe's claim area as "all of Vermont, all of New Hampshire, and parts of northern Massachusetts, western Maine, upstate New York and southern Quebec."
By September 12, 1990, several title insurance companies in Vermont attempted to amend their standard policy contracts (an action that requires approval from the state banking department) to exclude a potential Abenaki claim from coverage.
"State v. Bellevue" (1990).
In "State v. Bellevue", on August 13, 1990, in another fishing rights case, Judge Edward Cashman of the Vermont District Court in Franklin County held that the Abenaki were not exempt from state criminal jurisdiction. Judge Cashman, unlike Judge Wolchik, held neither tribal status nor aboriginal fishing rights could exist in the absence of a federal treaty.
Opinion.
The Vermont Supreme Court reversed and remanded Judge Wolchik's decision.
The opinion's main legal innovation was holding that "n historical event, although insufficient by itself to establish an extinguishment, may contribute to a finding of extinguishment when analyzed together with other events" and that "a century-long course of conduct may demonstrate extinguishment, even though the exact date on which Indian title is extinguished is difficult to determine."
The court concluded that "a series of historical events, beginning with the Wentworth Grants of 1763, and ending with Vermont's admission to the Union in 1791, extinguished the aboriginal rights claimed here."
Reception.
Legal commentary on the "Elliott" decision has been generally negative. According to Joseph William Singer, a professor at Harvard Law School:
t defies both precedent and the longstanding policy of protecting Indian title to conclude that Congress, by the simple admission of Vermont to the Union, casually obliterated all Abenaki title in the State of Vermont, whether currently settled by non-Indians or inhabited by Abenakis.
Gene Bergman wrote in the "American Indian Law Review":
"Elliot" misinterprets Abenaki/Vermont history during the period from 1763 to 1791. An honest account of history would not have found extinguishment under the traditional rules. Hence, to avoid this conclusion, the Vermont Court created a radical new test that undermines the United States Supreme Court's rules and purposes protecting aboriginal title. . . .<br>Essentially, the court changed the test from an examination of intent/purpose to a review of cumulative effects. Under this new test, a sovereign need not have known that the consequences of an act would eliminate aboriginal title. Therefore, if the sovereign unleashed forces which eventually frustrated Indian occupancy, "Elliot" would find extinguishment in that act. "Elliot" implicitly holds that the cumulative effects need not be manifested at the time of or near in time to the sovereign action. The functional result of "Elliot" is that courts will weigh the cumulative effects of a sovereign's action over a long time—say, 200 years. This removes the barrier prohibiting the light imputing of extinguishment. "Elliot" undermines the entire framework of aboriginal title law.
According to John Lowndes:
This controversial decision marks a clear departure from the longstanding aboriginal title doctrine expounded in the early nineteenth century by Chief Justice John Marshall and the United States Supreme Court. The Vermont court's decision not only breaks with the rule that a tribe must consent to extinguishment of its aboriginal title, but also rejects the requirement that the dominant sovereign must express its intent to extinguish title with a “plain and unambiguous action.” The Vermont Supreme Court's holding that the “increasing weight of history” alone can terminate Indian title disposes of the rule of law, and replaces it with a selective reading of the conqueror's history.
Aftermath.
State recognition.
Vermont extended state-recognition to the Abenaki in 2006. The original recognition act provided:
This chapter shall not be construed to recognize, create, extend, or form the basis of any right or claim to land or real estate in Vermont for the Abenaki people or any Abenaki individual and shall be construed to confer only those rights specifically described in this chapter.
The language was amended and re-codified in 2010:
Recognition of a Native American Indian tribe shall not be construed to create, extend, or form the basis of any right or claim to land or real estate in Vermont or right to conduct any gambling activities prohibited by law, but confers only those rights specifically described in this chapter.
The amendment bill also added the following language:
State-recognized Native American Indian tribes and their members will continue to be subject to all laws of the state, and recognition shall not be construed to create any basis or authority for tribes to establish or promote any form of prohibited gambling activity or to claim any interest in land or real estate in Vermont.
Federal recognition.
The St. Francis / Sokoki Band of Abenakis of Vermont were denied federal recognition on July 2, 2007. The Department of Interior determined that the Abenaki failed to satisfy four of the seven criteria for federal recognition: 

</doc>
<doc id="31163849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163849" title="Kawhi Leonard">
Kawhi Leonard

Kawhi Anthony Leonard (, born June 29, 1991) is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for the San Antonio Spurs of the National Basketball Association (NBA). Leonard is listed as a small forward at 6 ft 7 in (2.01 m) and 230 lb (104 kg). He played college basketball at San Diego State University (SDSU) and was selected with the 15th overall pick in the 2011 NBA draft by the Indiana Pacers. Leonard won an NBA championship with the San Antonio Spurs in 2014 and was named the NBA Finals Most Valuable Player (MVP).
High school career.
Leonard attended Canyon Springs High School before transferring to King High School his junior year. Leonard's senior year, he and Tony Snell led the King High Wolves to a 30–3 record. Leonard averaged 22.6 points, 13.1 rebounds, 3.9 assists and 3.0 blocks per game that year and won California Mr. Basketball. He was the #48 ranked prospect in the nation by "Rivals.com" and committed to San Diego State University (SDSU).
College career.
Freshman season (2009–2010).
As a freshman at San Diego State, Leonard averaged 12.7 points and 9.9 rebounds per game. Leonard helped lead the Aztecs to a 25–9 record and the Mountain West Conference (MWC) tournament title. SDSU received an automatic bid to the NCAA Tournament but lost to Tennessee 62–59 in the first round as Leonard recorded 12 points and 10 rebounds. Leonard led the MWC in rebounding, was named MWC freshman of the year, first team All-MWC, and was the 2010 MWC Tournament MVP.
Sophomore season (2010–2011).
Leonard's sophomore season, he averaged 15.7 points and 10.4 rebounds as the Aztecs finished with a 34–3 record and won back-to-back conference tournament championships. Leonard and San Diego State would once again make the NCAA tournament. This time, SDSU would advance to the Sweet 16 where they lost to eventual national champion UConn. Leonard was named to the Second Team All-America and would forgo his final two seasons at San Diego State to enter the 2011 NBA Draft.
Professional career.
2011–12 season: Rookie year.
Leonard was selected with the 15th overall pick in the 2011 NBA draft by the Indiana Pacers but was later traded on draft night to the San Antonio Spurs along with the rights to Erazem Lorbek and Davis Bertans in exchange for George Hill. On December 10, 2011, following the conclusion of the NBA lockout, he signed a multi-year deal with the Spurs.
Leonard and teammate Tiago Splitter were selected to play in the 2012 Rising Stars Challenge as members of Team Chuck. Although he suited for the event, he did not play due to a calf strain. After starter Richard Jefferson was traded to the Golden State Warriors for Stephen Jackson, Leonard was promoted to the starting small forward position while Jackson served as his backup.
At season's end, Leonard placed fourth in Rookie of the Year voting and was named to the 2012 All-Rookie first team.
In the summer of 2012, Leonard was among several NBA up-and-comers chosen to play for the 2012 USA men's basketball Select Team. They trained with the Olympic team which featured Kobe Bryant, LeBron James, Kevin Durant, Chris Paul and others.
2012–13 season: First Finals appearance.
On October 26, 2012, the Spurs exercised the team option on Leonard, re-signing him through the 2013–14 season.
Leonard was selected to play for the BBVA Rising Stars Challenge where he was once again drafted to Team Chuck. He recorded 20 points and 7 rebounds as Team Chuck defeated Team Shaq for the second straight year 163–135.
The San Antonio Spurs advanced to the NBA Finals where they faced the Miami Heat. Leonard averaged 14.6 points and 11.1 rebounds during the Finals as the Spurs lost the series in seven games.
2013–14 season: First championship and Finals MVP.
On April 6, 2014, Leonard tied a then career-high 26 points in a 112–92 win over the Memphis Grizzlies. He would finish the season averaging 12.8 points, 6.2 rebounds, 2.0 assists, 1.7 steals while shooting 52.2% from the field. Leonard helped the Spurs to a 62–20 record; the number one seed in the NBA. He was named to the NBA All-Defensive Second Team for the first time.
The Spurs and the Miami Heat met once again in the NBA Finals. On June 10, 2014, in Game 3 of the series, Leonard scored a career-high 29 points in a 111–92 victory. San Antonio went on to win the series 4–1. Leonard averaged 17.8 points on 61% shooting and was named NBA Finals MVP. He was the third-youngest player to win the award (22 years and 351 days), behind only Magic Johnson—who won in both 1980 (20 years and 278 days) and 1982 (22 years and 298 days). Leonard was also only the sixth player, first since Chauncey Billups in 2004, to win Finals MVP in a season in which they were not an All-Star.
Personal.
On January 18, 2008, Leonard's father, Mark, was shot and killed at the Compton car wash he owned. The murderer has still not been identified.

</doc>
<doc id="31163874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163874" title="Reef-Sunset Unified School District">
Reef-Sunset Unified School District

Reef-Sunset Unified School District is a school district in the Central Valley of California. The district has its headquarters in Avenal.
Schools.
Adult schools
High schools
Middle schools
Primary schools

</doc>
<doc id="31163895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163895" title="That's My Boy (U.S. TV series)">
That's My Boy (U.S. TV series)

"That's My Boy" is a largely forgotten 1954-1955 CBS situation comedy television series based on the 1951 Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis film of the same name.
The series, written by Bob Schiller and filmed before a live audience, starred Eddie Mayehoff as Jack Jackson, Sr., Gil Stratton as Jack, Jr., and Rochelle Hudson as Alice Jackson, the wife and mother. The senior Jackson is a construction contractor who had been a star football player in college, and he is determined to have "Junior" follow in his gridiron path at their common "alma mater".
The series aired at 9 p.m. Eastern in the slot following "My Favorite Husband" and preceding June Havoc's sitcom "Willy" on CBS. Both "That's My Boy" and "Willy" aired opposite "The George Gobel Show" on NBC. The following season, 1955–1956, this time slot was occupied by the first year of the western "Gunsmoke".
CBS aired reruns of "Thats My Boy" at 7:30 p.m. on Sunday from June to September 1959.

</doc>
<doc id="31163934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163934" title="Eugenia Gabrieluk">
Eugenia Gabrieluk

Eugenia Gabrieluk Gabrieluk (born 20 April 1967) is a Russian pianist.
At the age of five, she started playing the piano in Moscow, her first residence, where she learned the basic skills needed to be a professional. In 1981, Gabrieluk moved to Saint Petersburg. 
A few years later, Gabrieluk finished the music studies successfully, getting a prize called "Premio Extraordinario Fin de carrera de Piano y Música de Cámara". In 1991, she also won the "Fundación Guerrero prize", and the "Concurso Nacional de Juventudes Musicales de Granada" the following year.
This popular pianist has given concerts around the world: Russia, Italy, Germany, France, Denmark, United States, Brazil, and Spain. Moreover, she joined in the Liszt Festival, in which her mastery was proved.
Nowadays, Eugenia Gabrieluk records songs for different TV channels and RNE.

</doc>
<doc id="31163936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163936" title="STG-556">
STG-556

The STG-556 is a Steyr AUG A1 clone manufactured by Microtech Small Arms Research (MSAR). It was introduced at the 2007 SHOT Show. The STG-556's working system features a bolt release as seen on the M16 rifle; otherwise, the STG-556 retains the features similar to the Steyr AUG, such as having the quick-change barrel option and the ability to change which side the weapon ejects from by changing the bolt out for a right or left side bolt respectively. The STG-556 ships standard with right side ejector. The STG-556 is unable to use M-16 style magazines in most versions,other versions use the Steyr proprietary mags. The STG-556 is a short-stoke gas piston. The STG-556 rifle can be converted from either having a telescopic sight or a MIL-STD-1913 rail. It is available in civilian (semi-automatic only) and military/law enforcement (select-fire) variants.
A limited edition STG-556, a clone of the Steyr AUG A3, had a production run of only 1,000 rifles. There was a limited production of 232 rifles produced with an 18.5" heavy barrel after tests proved that length provided optimum accuracy over the 24" length due to barrel harmonics. Another limited edition Steyr AUG A3 clone, the STG-556 Gebirgsjäger, had a production run of 500.
MSAR's latest model is the STG-556 XM17-E4. The STG-556 XM17-E4 was introduced at the 2009 SHOT Show. It can use AR-15 and M16 magazines.
Similar US weapons.
The TPD USA AXR revealed at the 2007 SHOT Show, manufactured by Tactical Products Design Inc., is a similar weapon.

</doc>
<doc id="31163975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163975" title="Entalinidae">
Entalinidae

Entalinidae is a family of tusk shells, marine scaphopod mollusks in the order Gadilida.

</doc>
<doc id="31163979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163979" title="George Beseb'ely">
George Beseb'ely

George II Rizqallah Beseb'ely (or Jirjis al-Basba'li, "Beseb'ely", , ), was the Maronite Patriarch of Antioch from 1657 to his death in 1670.
Life.
George Beseb'ely was born in the village of Beseb'el (from which his surname came), near Tripoli, Lebanon, in about 1595, son of Hadj Rizqallah. He was choosed as auxiliary bishop and consecrated by Patriarch John Bawab Safrawy on July 25, 1656.
After the death of Patriarch John Bawab Safrawy happened on December 23, 1656, the bishops elected as patriarch the monk George Habquq, who anyway for humility refused and escaped in a cave of the Kadisha Valley to live as an hermit. So a second election was held and on January 1, 1657 the Archbishop George Beseb'ely was elected patriarch. His election was confirmed by Pope Alexander VII on May 26, 1659, and he received the pallium on August 30, 1660.
George Beseb'ely used, as his predecessor, to live in a monastery subject to the strict discipline of the monks. During his patriarchate he kept good relations with the Kingdom of France, which in 1662 appointed for the first time as French Consul in Beirut a Maronite noble, Abu Nawfal of the Khazen family.
George Beseb'ely died on April 12, 1670 because of a pestilence.

</doc>
<doc id="31163982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163982" title="2011 World Single Distance Speed Skating Championships – Men's 500 metres">
2011 World Single Distance Speed Skating Championships – Men's 500 metres

The men's 500 m race of the 2011 World Single Distance Speed Skating Championships was held on March 13 at 12:45 (round 1) and 14:15 (round 2) local time.

</doc>
<doc id="31163989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163989" title="Rik Offenberger">
Rik Offenberger

Rik Offenberger (born January 30, 1964) is an American comic book journalist and publicity agent, an early utilizer of the Internet for distributing comics news, and the public relations coordinator of Archie Comics.
Career.
Offenberger started his career in comics as a retailer at Paper Hero Comics in Chino, California. He began writing for the Comics Buyer's Guide in March 1992, where he covered stories about retailers to help promote the comics shop. Following work on the "Comics Buyer's Guide", he began working for the British Borderline Comics Magazine until it was discontinued. This was followed by a move to the Internet, where he worked as an interviewer and senior feature editor at Silver Bullet Comic Books (now Comics Bulletin), conducting interviews with comics professionals. In 2004 he began producing trend-oriented interviews for Newsarama and by 2005 he was writing for both Newsarama and Comic Book Resources.
In December 2005, Offenberger succeeded Alex Segura as Public Relations Coordinator of Archie Comics.
Super Hero News.
In October 1998, Offenberger founded Super Hero News, an Internet-based comics-news service utilizing the Yahoo! List server. While the service primarily distributes affiliate press releases, it's also been used as a vehicle for debate and contention by some of its members.
First Comics News.
In April, 2010, Offenberger, Phil Latter and Ric Croxton founded First Comics News, a web-based division of Super Hero News, covering comics, gaming, wrestling and related pop-culture topics. The name is derived from one of the early independent comics publishers of the 1980s, First Comics. The site logo was also fashioned after the publisher's imprint trademark. The site carries comics news, publisher solicitations, opinion columns, interviews, podcasts and reviews. Contributors include Beau Smith, Bob Almond, Holly Golightly, Ian Flynn, Michael Netzer, Mark Heike and cosplay actress Tanya Tate. The site maintains offices in Canada and Europe.
In January, 2011, First Comics News announced the winners of its first annual "First Place Awards". First Comics News itself was a 2012 Eagle Award nominee.

</doc>
<doc id="31163990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163990" title="Dick Dolman">
Dick Dolman

Dirk (Dick) Dolman (born 2 July 1935, Empe) is a Dutch politician. In 1970, he became a member of the Dutch parliament as a member of the Dutch Labor Party (Dutch:Partij van de Arbeid) (PvdA). From July 17, 1979 to September 14, 1989 he was the president of the Dutch parliament.
Biography.
Dolman was born in Empe, Netherlands. In 1951, he was invited to attend Camp Rising Sun, a tuition-free international camp in Red Hook, New York. He joined the Dutch Labor Party in 1954.
He worked at the Ministry of Social Affairs and Health from 1963 to 1966. and at the ministry of Economic Affairs from 1966 until the middle of 1970, when he became a member of the Dutch parliament, where his initial work was with health issues. In 1973, he became the finance spokesman for his faction. In 1979, he became the president of the parliament, succeeding Anne Vondeling. Dolman took an independent approach, which garnered him great authority from all the parties. Although the PvdA was not the largest party in the 1981 and 1986 elections, he was nevertheless re-elected as president. In 1989, he was defeated 75 to 68 by the emergence of Christian Democratic Appeal politician Wim Deetman. On July 1, 1990, less than a year later, Dolman left parliament to become a member of the Council of State of the Netherlands.
References.
Dr. D. (Dick) Dolman at www.parlement.com.

</doc>
<doc id="31163994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163994" title="1988 Football League Second Division play-off Final">
1988 Football League Second Division play-off Final

The 1988 Football League Second Division play-off final was contested between First Division Chelsea and Second Division Middlesbrough over two legs on 25 May 1988 and 28 May 1988. Unlike the present day format, the team which finished fourth from bottom in the First Division was entered into play-offs with the clubs which finished 3rd, 4th and 5th in the Second Division. Middlesbrough won 2–1 on aggregate and were promoted.

</doc>
<doc id="31163996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163996" title="Sarcococca orientalis">
Sarcococca orientalis

Sarcococca orientalis is a species in the genus "Sarcococca" in the plant family Buxaceae. It is commonly known as Christmas box or Sweet box. It is native to Jiangxi province of south-east China, and forms a small evergreen shrub, preferring positions with some shade. The ovate-lanceolate leaves are cuneate at the base and can reach 9 cm in length. The leaves are longer than the leaves of the commonly cultivated "S.confusa" and broader than "S. hookeriana". The pink-tinged white flowers are inconspicuous but sweetly-scented, and appear along the branches in midwinter, their scent most noticeable during mild spells. The small fruits (drupes) are black.

</doc>
<doc id="31163997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31163997" title="Jarosław Kuźniar">
Jarosław Kuźniar

Jarosław Kuźniar (born on 29 January 1978) is a Polish television and radio presenter. Currently connected with TVN and TVN24. He has been the host of TV show "X Factor" in 2011 and 2012.
Biography.
He graduated from High School no. 1 in Dzierżoniów. Then, he studied at the University of Wrocław, where he received a B.A. in Philology, field of study journalism.
At the beginning of his career he was connected with Sudety Radio and Sudecka Television. He also worked in Polskie Radio Wrocław. In 1999 he moved to Warsaw, where in Polskie Radio Program III he hosted "Zapraszamy do Trójki". Then he worked in Radio Zet for 5 years, where he prepared afternoon news and "Wydarzenia Dnia". For more than a year he was a columnist in "?dlaczego" magazine. 
Since 6 January 2007 he has been working in TVN24, where he is the host of the morning show "You Get Up and You Know". From 26 July 2010 to 10 September 2010 he hosted "Very Political Talk", which filled in the timeslot of "Rymanowski's Talk" during the holiday. Since September 2010, the programme has been on air only on Fridays. From Monday to Thursday he still hosts "You Get Up and You Know".
"X Factor".
In late 2010 he was offered by TVN a presenting role on a TV show "X Factor". In January 2011 he confirmed on "Dzień Dobry TVN" that he would host the programme. On 21 November 2012 it was announced that he would not be back to present the series due to personal reasons and his commitments to TVN24.
Awards.
In 2009 he received Wiktor in category "Discovery of the Year" and MediaTor in category "InstigaTOR". He was also nominated for Telekamery in category "News".

</doc>
<doc id="31164002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31164002" title="Bill Howell">
Bill Howell

Bill Howell may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31164007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31164007" title="Heblish">
Heblish

Heblish, less frequently Hebglish, a portmanteau combining the words "Hebrew" and "English", is a slang term for an interlanguage and refers to the phenomenon of code-switching between the two languages. This may be as a result of poor knowledge of one language or the other or both, or may be usage for introducing a humorous effect. 
Hebglish usually consists of either filling in gaps in one's knowledge of Hebrew with English words, speaking Hebrew in such a manner that (although ostensibly "Hebrew") would be incomprehensible to a Hebrew language speaker who does not also have a working knowledge of English.
It is also used in bilingual songs in Hebrew and English for appealing to audiences not proficient in Hebrew within Israel or internationally.
Other terms are used, some connecting with Yiddish rather than with Hebrew, and code-switching may be for representation of religious or cultural affiliation in speech, rather than language transfer reasons.

</doc>
<doc id="31164017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31164017" title="2011 World Single Distance Speed Skating Championships – Men's team pursuit">
2011 World Single Distance Speed Skating Championships – Men's team pursuit

The men's team pursuit race of the 2011 World Single Distance Speed Skating Championships was held on 13 March at 16:15 local time.

</doc>
<doc id="31164019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31164019" title="Costentalina">
Costentalina

Costentalina is a genus of medium-sized tusk shells, marine scaphopod mollusks in the family Entalinidae.

</doc>
<doc id="31164021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31164021" title="Extreme points of Bhutan">
Extreme points of Bhutan

This is a list of the extreme points of Bhutan.

</doc>
<doc id="31164023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31164023" title="2011 World Single Distance Speed Skating Championships – Women's team pursuit">
2011 World Single Distance Speed Skating Championships – Women's team pursuit

The Women's team pursuit race of the 2011 World Single Distance Speed Skating Championships was held on March 13 at 15:30 local time.

</doc>
<doc id="31164029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31164029" title="International Conference on Digital Audio Effects">
International Conference on Digital Audio Effects

DAFX is a synonym for "Digital Audio Effects". The DAFX conference is a meeting of enthusiasts working in research areas on audio signal processing, acoustics, and music related disciplines, who come together annually to present and discuss their findings.

</doc>
<doc id="31164031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31164031" title="The Drowning Men">
The Drowning Men

The Drowning Men is an indie-rock quintet from Oceanside, California. The members are Nato Bardeen (Vocals, Keys, Guitar, Mandolin), James Smith (Lead Guitar, Vocals), Todd Eisenkerch (Bass, Vocals), Rory Dolan (Percussion), and Gabelani Messer (Keys, Vocals).
Based upon the songwriting of Nato Bardeen, the band was formed by close friends Nato, Rory, James, and original bass player Jason Young, in April 2005. The unnamed group played their first show in the Fall of 2005. As the band began to pick up momentum from songwriting and shows, Jay's position at the clothing company Brixton called for most of his daily attention. Shortly after, Jay left the band to focus on the clothing line.  
Todd Eisenkerch, a childhood friend of the members, and guitar player of local punk band the Plug Uglies, was positioned to play bass. Drummer Rory described the rehearsal where Todd was recruited: "Todd was hanging out with us when Jay left, we handed him a bass and said "looks like you're the new bass player". Todd obliged and has been a member since that day.
Having a handful of shows under their belt, and a number of songs for a set, the band still had no name. As the band discussed potential names, Nato always had one that stuck in his head, he mentioned it to the other members, and the band agreed that "The Drowning Men" seemed to fit perfectly (Nato credits Nick Cave's poetry book And the Ass Saw the Angel).
2006 saw the band's first show as The Drowning Men. The show took place at the Kensington Club in Kensington, CA a small neighborhood in San Diego.
The band continued playing local shows, occasionally venturing out beyond their immediate area. In 2007 the band recorded the KILL THE MATADOR EP.
In 2008, while banking, Nato struck up a conversation with bank teller Ryan Morgan. During the conversation, Ryan told Nato he was a trained pianist/keyboard player. After a successful try out the band asked Ryan to jump on board. Already a working band with shows booked, the band moved forward, and the sound evolved through interludes, multiple harmonies, and a new dynamic. In 2010 Ryan, also college student, decided to finish his college career and resigned from the band.
Seeking a replacement, the band thought of a local multi-instrumentalist named Gabe Messer. Gabe was a natural musician and he shared the same musical and local background as the members. Gabe had mixed the band a number of times as the house engineer for Hensley's Pub. He knew all the songs, his personality was a shoe in, and for all practical measures, he was member of The Drowning Men before he even knew it.
The band has released two albums: the 2007 EP "Kill the Matador" and the 2009 Pall Jenkins produced LP "Beheading of the Song Bird". 
The Drowning Men opened the Green 17 2011 Tour for Moneybrother and Flogging Molly. The band also supported Flogging Molly on 2 legs of US touring. The band opened Alkaline Trio's 15th Anniversary tour on the East Coast of the US in the Summer of 2011. The Fall/Winter of 2011 the band supported the Airborne Toxic Event. The band toured the west coast with Memphis, TN's Lucero in the Spring of 2012. 
The band began recording their sophomore full length with producer Billy Mohler in 2011. Together, the band and producer crafted the music that would later become the record All Of The Unknown, through March of 2012.
After a courting period with indie and major labels alike, The Drowning Men signed with LA indie label Borstal Beat Records. Borstal Beat re-released The Drowning Men's 2009 full length Beheading of the Songbird on October 25, 2011, followed by the band's next full length All Of The Unknown on July 17th 2012.
The band is currently supporting The Airborne Toxic Event on their 2013 European Tour.

</doc>
<doc id="31164035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31164035" title="Electric Bond and Share Company">
Electric Bond and Share Company

The Electric Bond and Share Company was originally a holding company that sold securities of electric utilities. It was created by General Electric in 1905. The company was restructured after the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935. Later known as EBASCO Services, it provided engineering consulting and construction services. Among other projects EBASCO designed nuclear power plants.
EBASCO was sold to Raytheon in 1993 and became part of a Raytheon subsidiary, United Engineers and Constructors.
Ebasco (EBS) was included in Dow Jones Utility Average from 1938 to 1947.
Ebasco Services was one of major US architect-engineers, coordinated design of many nuclear power plants both in USA and outside including Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant (units 1, 2 and 6).
Whistleblowing case.
Nuclear power whistleblower Ronald J. Goldstein was a supervisor employed by EBASCO, which was a major contractor for the construction of Houston Lighting and Power Company's South Texas Project (a complex of two nuclear power plants). In the summer of 1985, Goldstein identified safety problems to SAFETEAM, an internal compliance program established by EBASCO and Houston Lighting, including noncompliance with safety procedures, the failure to issue safety compliance reports, and quality control violations affecting the safety of the plant. 
SAFETEAM was promoted as an independent safe haven for employees to voice their safety concerns. The two companies did not inform their employees that they did not believe complaints reported to SAFETEAM had any legal protection. After he filed his report to SAFETEAM, Goldstein was fired. Subsequently, Golstein filed suit under federal nuclear whistleblower statutes. 
The U.S. Department of Labor ruled that his submissions to SAFETEAM were protected and his dismissal was invalid, a finding upheld by Labor Secretary Lynn Martin. The ruling was appealed and overturned by the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals, which ruled that private programs offered no protection to whistleblowers. After Goldstein lost his case, Congress amended the federal nuclear whistleblower law to provide protection reports made to internal systems and prevent retaliation against whistleblowers.

</doc>
<doc id="31164036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31164036" title="Peter Cunningham (Irish writer)">
Peter Cunningham (Irish writer)

Peter Cunningham is an award winning Irish novelist and newspaper columnist. He grew up in Waterford and was educated at Waterpark School, Glenstal Abbey School and University College Dublin. He worked as an accountant and a trader of commodities until 1986 when his first novel was published. Titled 'Noble Lord', it was a thriller, written under the pseudonym Peter Lauder. Later under the pseudonym Peter Wilben he published the Joe Grace Thriller Series. 
He is best known however for the historical novels The Sea And The Silence, Tapes Of The River Delta, Consequences Of The Heart and Love In One Edition, which chronicle the lives of local families during the twentieth century, in Monument, the fictional version of Waterford in south-east Ireland, where Cunningham grew up. His novel, The Taoiseach, which was based on the life of former Irish Taoiseach (prime minister) Charles J. Haughey was a controversial bestseller. Capital Sins, a satirical novel, dealt with the collapse of the Irish economy during the financial crisis that began in 2008.Cunningham’s work has attracted a significant amount of critical attention and praise. The Sea And The Silence (translated into French as La Mer Et La Silence) was awarded the Prix de l’Europe in 2013. This novel also won the Prix Caillou in France and was short-listed for the Prix des Lecteurs du Telégramme. Consequences Of The Heart was short-listed for the Kerry Listowel Writer’s Prize. In 2011 Cunningham won the Cecil Day Lewis Bursary Award.His fiction is distinguished by its fusing of political material with psychological realism and a lyrical sensitivity to place and people.Peter Cunningham is a member of Aosdána, (the Irish Academy for Arts and Letters). He has judged the Glen Dimplex Literary Awards and the Bantry Festival Writer’s Prize.
He is married to Carol, a Jungian analyst, with whom he has six children. He lives in County Kildare, Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="31164043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31164043" title="James Hume">
James Hume

James Hume may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31164047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31164047" title="Costentalina elegans">
Costentalina elegans

Costentalina elegans is a species of medium-sized tusk shell, a marine scaphopod mollusk in the family Entalinidae.

</doc>
<doc id="31164083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31164083" title="Men's K-1 at WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade -57 kg">
Men's K-1 at WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade -57 kg

The men's featherweight (57 kg/125.4 lbs) K-1 category at the W.A.K.O. World Championships 2007 in Belgrade was the second lightest of the K-1 tournaments, involving nine fighters from three continents (Europe, Africa and South America). Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under K-1 rules.
Due to the small number of contestants unappropriate for a sixteen-man tournament, seven of the fighters had byes through to the quarter finals. The tournament winner was the Ukraine's Maksym Glubochenko who won the gold medal by defeating Serbia's Aleksandar Gogic. Defeated semi finalists, Gaetano Verziere from Italy and Yury Satsuk from Belarus, won bronze medals.

</doc>
<doc id="31164095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31164095" title="Aleksey Medvedev (wrestler)">
Aleksey Medvedev (wrestler)

Aleksei Vladimirovich Medvedev (; born 5 October 1972 in Minsk) is a Belarusian wrestler. At the 1996 Summer Olympics he won the silver medal in the men's Freestyle Heavyweight (under 130 kg) category.

</doc>
<doc id="31164105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31164105" title="Andrey Skorobogatko">
Andrey Skorobogatko

Andrey Viktaravich Skorabahatska (; ; born 19 July 1968 in Zaporizhya) is a Belarusian professional football coach and a former player. He has formerly played for Belarusian Club Dnepr Mogilev, MPKC Mozyr, Transmash Mogilev, Torpedo-Kadino Mogilev and FC Gomel. Skorabahatska started coaching in 2004, in his country. On 8 August 2008 he was appointed the manager of Belarusian Premier League team Dnepr Mogilev, where he worked until 2011.
In 2013–2014 he was a head coach for Minsk.

</doc>
<doc id="31164107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31164107" title="HMS Consort (R76)">
HMS Consort (R76)

HMS "Consort" was a C-class destroyer of the Royal Navy, launched on 19 October 1944 and commissioned on 19 March 1946.
She lost 49 crew whilst berthed at Nanking in 1949 when she was attacked by the Chinese. She suffered further loss during the Yangtze Incident in an attempt to tow "Amethyst" from a mudbank taking 56 direct hits, and causing casualties of 23 wounded and a further ten dead.
Following decommissioning she was sold to the Prince of Wales Drydock Co, Swansea, Wales, arriving there on the 15 March 1961 for scrapping.

</doc>
<doc id="31164117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31164117" title="Paucitubulatina">
Paucitubulatina

Paucitubulatina is a gastrotrichs sub-order in the order Chaetonotida.

</doc>
