<doc id="31103706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103706" title="Somerset County Cricket Club in 1885">
Somerset County Cricket Club in 1885

The 1885 season was an "annus horribilis" for Somerset County Cricket Club. Captained by Edward Sainsbury, who had taken over from Stephen Newton, captain for the previous three seasons, they played six first-class cricket matches. Somerset's only win of the season came in their first match; all the other were lost. Two of the losses, those away against Gloucestershire and Surrey, number among the county's ten heaviest defeats. Somerset were unable to field a full team for their fourth match, which coupled with their poor results and lack of fixtures resulted in the club being stripped of its first-class status at the end of the season.
At an emergency meeting held in Taunton a new club secretary was appointed and wealthy benefactors were sought, but Sainsbury retained the club captaincy. Somerset played second-class cricket for five seasons, until their readmission to the first-class game for the 1891 season.
In their histories of Somerset County Cricket Club, Peter Roebuck and David Foot mostly gloss over the season; Roebuck includes a scorecard, but provides only two paragraphs of prose, while Foot only mentions the loss of first-class cricket.
Background.
Somerset had been granted first-class status in advance of the 1882 season. Their maiden season at the top level was described by "Wisden" as disastrous, but the publication qualified this statement with mild optimism for 1883. The county failed to live up to this optimism, and although there were a few wins, performances on the whole were poor. Twice between 1882 and 1884 Somerset's opponents scored over 500 runs in an innings against them, and against Lancashire in 1884 they fielded only ten players. Stephen Newton, who had captained the side since 1882, left the club at the end of the 1884 season, and thereafter played all his cricket in London.
Squad.
In their six first-class matches in 1885, Somerset fielded 26 different players. Only two appeared in all six matches: the captain Edward Sainsbury, and Charles Winter. "James Lillywhite's Cricketers' Annual" suggested in 1883 that "professionals not being indigenous to the area it is feared that their advance is only temporary". This prediction was particularly accurate during 1885: only Albert Clapp was a professional. Ten of Somerset's players that year only appeared once during the season, and of those, all but George Mirehouse, Crescens Robinson, and Francis Terry, made fewer than five career first-class appearances.
The following players made at least one appearance for Somerset in first-class cricket in 1885. Age given is at the start of Somerset's first match of the season (16 July 1885).
County cricket.
During 1885 Somerset suffered badly from their lack of a strong bowling attack. Playing six matches, there were a total of 120 wickets on offer, but Somerset's bowlers took only 67. Edward Bastard, a slow left-arm orthodox bowler, was the county's leading wicket-taker, claiming 25 wickets during his four appearances, at an average of 15.32. His bowling average was not far below that of George Lohmann, who finished the season as the country's leading wicket taker, with 142 wickets from his 24 matches. Unfortunately for Somerset, Bastard was only able to play in four of the county's six matches, and of the other bowlers, the best bowling average was the 25.85 managed by Bill Roe, who took only seven wickets. Charles Winter, who took the next highest total of wickets, only managed to claim 15 in his 6 appearances. Batting was the strongest aspect of Somerset's play, but the club lacked the strength-in-depth of other county teams. Herbie Hewett, playing his second season of first-class cricket, finished with the highest batting average for the county with 35.28, a respectable average which exceeded a number of England Test batsmen that season. Only four Somerset batsman passed 50 runs in an innings – Hewett, Octavius Radcliffe, Bill Roe, and Charles Winter – and only Radcliffe advanced to reach a century during the season.
Somerset's first match of 1885 commenced on 16 July 1885, over two months after Nottinghamshire faced Sussex and Surrey travelled to Hampshire to open the first-class county cricket season in England. Somerset began their season at home against Hampshire, and after losing the toss were asked to field. Somerset's bowlers restricted the visitors to 175 runs in the first innings, during which Bastard took a career-best eight wickets in the innings, conceding 54 runs (eight for 54) off his 38 four-ball overs. In reply, Somerset fell short of equalling their opponents and were bowled out for 153, Radcliffe top-scoring with 51 runs. Bastard collected another three wickets in the second innings, granting him one of two career ten-wicket hauls, and Winter took four as Somerset bowled Hampshire out for 111, leaving themselves needing 134 to win. None of Somerset's top four batsmen reached 20 runs, but an unbeaten 50 from Hewett, accompanied by 32 from the number seven, Farrant Reed, helped Somerset achieve a five-wicket victory.
For their next match Somerset travelled to Moreton-in-Marsh, where they faced Gloucestershire. Bastard did not take part in the match, and it fell to Winter to bowl the majority of the overs in his absence. Along with his fellow opener, James Parfitt, Winter claimed three wickets, but both openers conceded over 100 runs for their wickets. Sainsbury tried eight different bowlers in an effort to take wickets, and Gloucestershire were eventually bowled out for 448 after 190 overs. In reply, Somerset conceded their first three wickets for 18 runs, before a brief revival took them to 61 for 3. The last seven wickets then fell for the addition of 39 more runs, and Somerset closed on 100, still trailing their opponents by overs 300 runs. Captain Edward Sainsbury top-scored for Somerset, reaching his highest total of the season, 40, and only two other batsmen reached double figures for the county: Parfitt and the professional, Albert Clapp. Five Somerset players fell for ducks. Asked by Gloucestershire to follow on, Somerset batted even more poorly in their second effort, in which Winter's total of 21 was the highest score. A total of 80 meant that they lost the match by an innings and 268 runs, their heaviest defeat in first-class cricket at that point.
The county had just four days to rest and recover from their loss before facing Surrey at The Oval. Bastard was again unavailable for Somerset, and after losing the toss once more, Somerset spent the whole of the first day in the field. Surrey accumulated 564 runs during that day, and reached 635 before Somerset claimed the tenth wicket to close the innings. At that stage, Maurice Read remained at the crease, having scored 186 not out, his highest score in first-class cricket. The Somerset opening bowlers, Winter and Parfitt, had both conceded in excess of 100 runs for the second match in a row. Sainsbury had utilised one less bowler than against Gloucestershire in his search for wickets, and claimed four of the wickets himself, recording a career-best four for 74. Hewett, whom he asked to bowl 30 overs, finished with 11 maiden overs. The 30 overs he bowled in the match accounted for over a quarter of all his bowling in first-class cricket. In reply to Surrey's total, Somerset were bowled out for 83 in their first innings, in which only John Challen and Crescens Robinson reached double figures, scoring 29 and 12 respectively. Clapp is recorded as "absent hurt" in both of Somerset's innings. In the second innings, Somerset were much improved, reaching 251, their highest batting total of the season. Radcliffe scored the county's only century of the season, scoring 101, and he shared a partnership of 129 with Hewett for the fourth wicket. Hewett reached his own highest score of the season, totalling 85. Nevertheless Somerset's loss was even heavier than that suffered a week earlier, losing by an innings and 301 runs. As of March 2011, both of these back to back losses remain among the ten heaviest experienced by the county in first-class cricket.
Somerset had just over a week off before their next match, for which they travelled to the County Ground, Southampton to face Hampshire once more. Possibly due to their losses in the previous two matches, Somerset could only field nine men in the fixture, a situation which Roebuck described as shameful. For the first time that season, Somerset batted first. They scored 117, and a contemporary match report praised the batting of Winter and Radcliffe, who scored 22 and 34 respectively in the first innings. Bastard "did a capital performance in the first innings of Hants, taking eight of the ten wickets at a cost of only 59 runs", according to the same report. Despite his efforts, Hampshire exceeded Somerset's total, opening up a 45-run lead from the first innings. Winter top-scored for Somerset in their second innings, reaching his highest total in first-class cricket, 62, after opening the batting. Scores in the 20s from Radcliffe and Egerton Hall helped take Somerset to 166, but Hampshire reached the total required for victory with a day of the match remaining, winning by eight wickets.
Surrey visited the County Ground, Taunton a few days later for the counties' second meeting of the season. In a repeat of their previous fixtures, Surrey won the toss and chose to bat. Bastard, who had not played in their earlier clash, opened the bowling for Somerset alongside John Challen. Bastard, presumably due to the weakness of the rest of the county's attack, bowled 50 overs, but he could not repeat the successes he had achieved against Hampshire, toiling to take two for 99. All of Somerset's six bowlers in that innings claimed a wicket as Surrey were bowled out for 292. In reply, Radcliffe occupied the crease as the batsmen at the other end came and went, scoring exactly half of Somerset's 164. Roe, Sainsbury and Hewett all reached double figures, but four Somerset batsmen were dismissed for ducks. Requested to follow on, Somerset fared less well in their second innings: Roe reached 43, but no other batsman passed 20, and Somerset were all out for 123, five runs short of forcing Surrey to bat again.
Somerset were the hosts once more for their final match of the season, played with just a single day off after the Surrey match, and that only because the scheduled three-day match was concluded in two days. The home side won the toss and elected to bat first against Gloucestershire, who opened the bowling with and William Woof. The pair bowled unchanged for 30 overs each, and claimed five wickets apiece as Somerset were dismissed for 105. Only Frederick Smith and Challen reached double figures, scoring 37 and 39. In response, Gloucestershire totalled 242, during which Bastard claimed four wickets, three of them from the tail. Somerset batted admirably in their second innings, with Roe and Hewett both scoring half-centuries (76 and 66 respectively), and they reached 246, six of the wickets falling to Woof, who collected eleven in the match. Gloucestershire achieved victory for the loss of just one wicket in their second innings, subjecting Somerset to their fifth successive loss.
Aftermath.
Somerset were stripped of their first-class status for three reasons: they had not organised and played enough first-class fixtures during the season, their performances were not what was expected from a first-class county, and they had not succeeded in fielding a full side of eleven players in all their matches. An emergency meeting was held in Taunton during which a new club secretary was appointed, rules were altered, and wealthy benefactors were sought. Despite these widespread changes, Sainsbury retained the club captaincy. Somerset played second-class cricket for five seasons, finishing as "second-class county champions" in 1890, after which they were readmitted to the first-class game.

</doc>
<doc id="31103749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103749" title="Eosphagnum">
Eosphagnum

Eosphagnum inretortum is the only species of genus Eosphagnum. Originally described as a species of "Sphagnum", it is now a separate genus on the basis of morphological and genetic differences.

</doc>
<doc id="31103752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103752" title="Yalta (nightclub)">
Yalta (nightclub)

Yalta Club (Bulgarian: Ялта) is a nightclub in Sofia, Bulgaria. It was ranked among the Top 100 Clubs by "DJ Mag" in its annual rankings in 2009 and 2010. "Yalta" is located next to Sofia University in the downtown area of the city. In 2011 Yalta club has been ranked on 19th place and a year after the club reached 12th place. 
History.
"Yalta" has a historical significance in the emergence of a strong electronic music community in Bulgaria. It opened in 1959 and in 1989 it started to play electronic music. In 1992, "Yalta" achieved another milestone by inviting the first DJ from abroad to a Bulgarian club. In 2009, DJ Magazine recognized the club by listing it for the first time in its Top 100 Clubs ranking.
In 2005 the club opened its door with new look and concept.
The first thing that can be notices about Yalta is that everything around you is part of one concept: the furniture, the lights, the sound system and even the incomparable view outside. The wild rhythm of Sofia outside the windows completes the tranquillity and minimalist comfort of the club, the result – a place in Sofia like no other. The idea is to feel as if you have been invited to a private party in a big, beautifully furnished apartment. The space is used in such manner, that it provokes everyone to take part in the party.
For many Bulgarians, Yalta Club is where it all started. Since, it has established itself as a dependable hub for all things electronic, with a particular fascination with trance and commercial house. Aside from big-name bookings, it's Yalta Club's engagement with technology and design that sets it apart from Eastern Europe's other major venues. With a minimalist design and a vibe that, according to the club's mission statement, is like "a private party in a big, beautifully furnished apartment", Yalta Club is made up of three areas - The White Room, Make-Up Zone and The Black Room - with various lasers and an LED system that offers enough colour variations to turn a chameleon green with envy (16,000 in total). The icing on the cake, however, is the crystal-clear soundsystem dominated by the likes of Paul Oakenfold, Roger Sanchez and Victor Calderone just last summer.
Notable DJ guests and residents.
Since its reorganization into an electronic music club in 1989, "Yalta" has been a host to a number of world-renowned DJs including Victor Calderone, Timo Maas, Roger Sanchez, Hernan Cattaneo, Laurent Garnier, Danny Tenaglia, Sander Kleinenberg, Axwell, Eric Prydz, Martin Solveig, Markus Schulz and Paul Oakenfold. In addition, "Yalta" has helped many Bulgarian musicians and DJs to launch their careers.
Other.
Not content with running the best electronic music club in Bulgaria (and most likely whole Eastern Europe), the "Yalta" crew is also responsible for the Solar Summer Festival, which takes place every summer at Cacao Beach/Sunny Beach and brings international big hitters like Tiësto, Dubfire, Fedde Le Grand and Armin Van Buuren. In addition since the opening of sports hall Armeets Arena "Yalta" holds Christmas and Easter parties in the venue (Solar Christmas 2011 on December 25th (with Mark Knight), Solar Easter 2012 on April 13th, Solar Christmas 2012 on December 21st (with Fedde le Grand) and helped organize the first A State Of Trance event - ASOT600, in Bulgaria which will be held in Armeets Arena on March 8, 2013)

</doc>
<doc id="31103789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103789" title="Arms (song)">
Arms (song)

"Arms" is a song by American singer-songwriter Christina Perri. The song was written by Perri herself, and serves as the second single from her debut album "Lovestrong" (2011). The song debuted on the "Billboard" Hot 100 at number 94 but has failed to chart any higher. The song's accompanying music video debuted on April 28, 2011 on "VH1".
Background.
"Arms" was written by Perri with musical arrangements from J. Barrera. The song was released onto iTunes March 15, 2011 and was additionally released in a karaoke form, the same day as the single release. "Arms" was used in TV spots for the Fall 2011 season of Investigation Discovery's show "Disappeared."
Composition.
Like previous single "Jar of Hearts", "Arms" is built around a piano melody. Although the song "packs a little less venom" than Perri's lead single, it still lyrically contains the "crazy" lovesick emotions typically referred to Perri's style of music. The song begins as a slow love song and transgresses into an up-tempo track as kick-drums enter the song midway through. Lyrically, Perri begins the song in a happy tune, singing "I never thought that you would be the one to hold my heart / You came around and you knocked me off the ground from the start." More into the song, Perri begins to question the relationship, ultimately finding comfort as she ends the song repeating the hook. "Arms" progresses from a folky ballad to a nicely paced melodic love song, incorporating timpani drums.
Perri described the song in depth, stating "'Arms' is about the fight between your heart and your mind. Your heart wants to be loved but your head is always telling you reasons not to be with him or her, or how you are not worth the love. It's about the struggle and finally giving in when you're wrapped in their arms. Then you get it. Then you feel loved and love wins."
Critical reception.
"Arms" garnered generally positive reviews by critics, most of which favored the change in pace for Perri, who took a happier pace with the song. On the day of the songs premier, "AOL Music" compared the song to that of Ingrid Michaelson and Natalie Merchant. Bill Lamb of "About.com" included the song in a list of "Top 10 New Pop Songs", "Arms" coming in at number two. Lamb additionally added that the song is "another beautiful ballad." Lamb continued his praise of the song stating, "There should be a strong audience out there waiting for another dose of Christina Perri's distinctive voice this time wrapped around a more upbeat point of view." While reviewing the album, Kyle Anderson of "Entertainment Weekly" listed "Arms" as a mandatory download from the album, calling it "chimming". A.D. Amorosi of "The Philadelphia Inquirer" enjoyed Perri's hushed voice and changing backup spare arrangement on "Arms". Stating that the song is filled with "dusty gallop of guitar and jangling piano", Chad Grischow of "IGN" stated that the song pushes Perri innocent and melodic vocals which makes for one of the better love songs off "Lovestrong".
Music video.
Perri revealed on her blog that an "epic music video" is coming soon. The music video for the single was shot over a two-day period that Perri described as "a two-day shoot that kicked my ass so hard." Perri had co-written the video treatment herself. Speaking of the concept of the video, Perri stated that she took a physical pummeling as she played a super-hero during the shoot, where she jokingly added "I don’t know why I think I’m an action hero." For the flying scenes, she was involved in weeks of training. The song music video premiered on "VH1" on April 28, 2011. The video then appeared all weekend on "VH1"'s "Top 20 Countdown", April 30, May 1 and May 3. The video was added to Perri's official YouTube account the day following the videos official release.
Synopsis and reception.
The video begins with Perri lying down in a bed with her boyfriend (played by actor and model, John Andersson) as she sings the words of the song looking directly into the camera. As the camera zooms out, it shows that the bed is located in a mountain meadow. As Perri closes her eyes to sleep, the video then begins to take on a dream-sequence theme. In her dream, Perri is being carried away in her bed sheets over a body of water where she is dropped. Scenes of Perri bothered as she sleeps are interlaced into the video as it continues. As Perri continues to dream, she emerges from the water into a stormy night and is pulled onto a boat by two unknown men who begin to play instruments to the song's beat. As Perri performs on the boat, a cluster of black balloons wrap a black ribbon around Perri's arm, and carry her away into the sky over London and then over an open field. As Perri approaches the open field, she frees herself from the balloons' ribbon and falls safely onto a BMW Mini. Perri then drives the Mini back to the location of her bed and runs into the arms of her boyfriend who is played by actor and model, John Andersson as part of the music video's ending.
"VH1" stated that conceptually, the video is a "winner", adding that the most enjoyable parts of the video are the vocal close-ups, which allow Perri to sing her song. However, "VH1" dismissed the rain sequence of the video as Perri is rescued onto the boat as "particularly necessary", but later complimented the addition of the band as they communicate the song’s emotions powerfully.
The video has so far, as of May, 2013, been viewed about 20.4 million times on Perri's official YouTube account.
Lyric video.
Perri revealed a lyric music video for the single as well, released on March 15, 2011. The video was directed by Elliot Sellers, who additionally made lyric videos for others songs release by Perri. The video took over 3,000 photos to make. The entire video is shot behind an old fashioned projector, were the songs lyrics are projected upon a blank tent-side.

</doc>
<doc id="31103798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103798" title="Lovestrong">
Lovestrong

Lovestrong, styled as lovestrong., is the debut album by American singer-songwriter Christina Perri. Following the release of Perri's lead single "Jar of Hearts" and a record deal with Atlantic Records, "Lovestrong" was released on May 10, 2011.
The album received mixed reviews, with critics praising Perri's honeyed vocals but criticizing her serviceable approach towards melodies and the album's wearying focus on love and heartbreak. Many critics compared Perri's voice to Ingrid Michaelson, Natalie Merchant, and a "depressive" Colbie Caillat.
The lead single from "Lovestrong", "Jar of Hearts", was an unexpected success across the United States. After premiering on "So You Think You Can Dance", "Jar of Hearts" peaked on the "Billboard" Hot 100 at #17 and was certified double platinum by the RIAA. The album's second single, "Arms", didn't find as much success on the charts, but was critically acclaimed for its happier tone and music video. "Lovestrong" also saw multiple promotional singles released onto the iTunes Store: "The Lonely", "Penguin", "Tragedy", and "Bluebird". As of November 2013, the album has sold 444,000 copies in the United States.
Background and development.
Christina Perri released "Jar of Hearts", Perri found herself signing a major record deal with Atlantic Records for the release of her debut album. Atlantic subsidiary Roadrunner Records is handling the distribution of the album and singles.
Perri recorded the album in 33 days in two studios located on the same property, both running at the same time. She described the process as "the best 33 days of my life and it was the worst 33 days of my life." Describing the hectic conditions she was under while recording, she stated, "I was running from studio one to studio three and I was running back and forth doing the vocals, the piano, the guitar, the harmonies, and the doubles.” Perri stated that sometimes they would record two songs in one day, forcing Perri to mentally prepare to sing about one relationship in 2007, then sing another other song with different emotions about a relationship in 2008. Perri stated that she was "ripping stitches" to ensure that a certain song was sung with the right emotions, later adding that it took such an emotional toll on her that she would be driving home later that night crying at two in the morning, forcing herself to pull over and drink a milkshake.
With the album release, Perri created an email address (lovechristina@christinaperri.com) to allow fans to connect to Perri and express their emotions towards certain songs. She stated, “They tell me their stories and why 'Jar of Hearts' made their hearts feel better. It just seriously knocks me off my feet and I just feel so, so lucky.” Perri also teamed up with "Teen Vogue" for the Twitter contest to promote the album. The contest had fans tweet Perri or "Teen Vogue" with a message on what being "Lovestrong" means and the #lovestrong. hashtag. The grand-prize winner received a Baby Taylor guitar signed by Perri, the "Lovestrong" limited edition pack and a one-year subscription to Teen Vogue. Two runner-ups received a signed "Lovestrong" poster and a one-year subscription to 'Teen Vogue.
Composition.
Since releasing her first single and signing to a record label, Perri spent months with famous studio producer Joe Chiccarelli, who has worked with talents such as The White Stripes, Tori Amos, and The Shins. Together, they worked on the eleven songs that were featured on "Lovestrong".
Putting the album together, Perri chose the songs on the album from a list of songs she had written since she was fifteen years old. Perri stated that the feeling of the album was meant to be relatable to every listener. Describing the tracks of the album in detail, Perri stated that although some of the songs are old and some are "new-ish", they represent her the best.
Perri stated that every song on the album is about a relationship. She added she has had a wide range of relationships, feelings, and experiences that were used to write about different aspects of different relationships. The songs chosen for the album share a common theme as one piece of art. She stated, "I'm very happy and proud of the finished product and I couldn't feel better about everything -- down to the instruments, to the vibe, to the lyrics, to the performances, to everything about "Lovestrong"". Perri described the song-writing process in depth with "SoundSpike" stating:
"For me, there will be days when I write a little poem in a little book, or make a little voice memo in my iPhone. For me, I need to be sitting at an instrument and be overwhelmed. I've tried to look back and see if a song just came out of a sunny day. "Oh, today I'm going to write a song." That's never been the case for me. It's always whether I'm just overwhelmed with some emotion. Whether it be I'm happy, I'm sad, I've fallen in love, I've fallen out of love. I'm lonely, I'm scared. Whatever it be that day. If I'm like a volcano and I'm about to explode, I better run to an instrument because it's about to come out. For me, I don't really go back. I probably should. I have a bajillion pieces of songs. But I seem to just write in one sitting. There's very few occasions where I've gone back and worked on songs later. Normally, I sit down, the song comes out and I'm done."
On her official website's blog, Perri revealed more about the message behind the album title. She stated that since the release of "Jar of Hearts" she has been overwhelmed with the emotion from fans who have related to the song. Perri revealed that fans helped her understand the ups and downs of love, which led her to create "Lovestrong." Selecting songs from her "arsenal", Perri picked her favorite songs that she felt fans needed to hear, the songs she needed to give away and the songs she needed to get through. Listening to every intention, story, battle wound, melody and word, Perri revealed that she discovered the main theme of the album: love and strength.
Discussing the influences behind the album and performances, Perri listed "love" as the album's major inspiration. She added that she tried not to listen to any other music other her current projects to stay inspired and not get distracted. She continued, "Because I write with piano or guitar, I would come in with vocals and one instrument and we'd start from the ground up and add things." Additional influences of the album include Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin, James Taylor, Elton John, and The Beatles. Perri "mushed it all together in my brain and made "Lovestrong.""
Release.
The album was available for preorder on Perri's official website on Tuesday, March 29, 2011. Following the album's official release on May 10, 2011, a deluxe edition was released containing additional bonus songs. The deluxe edition of the album is sold strictly from Perri's website and includes three bonus tracks, a 24-page booklet with exclusive photos, a signed lithograph (limited to 200), a snapshot taken by Christina Perri (limited to 200), "Lovestrong" racerback tank top, "Lovestrong" tote bag, an advance stream of the album, and an immediate MP3 download of the album's second single "Arms". A day before the album release, Perri allowed fans who signed up at her official website to stream the entire album. Following the release of the album, Perri released a statement to describe the overwhelming emotions she felt:
"Its kind of amazing how emotional making an album is... And kind of even more amazingly emotional releasing it into the world. everyone is listening + judging + praising or ripping apart my work… words… melodies… sounds...songs… + stories. Some people get it and some dont. It so scary… but its so rewarding too. There is this little 15 year old girl inside of me who is jumping for joy. She's screaming 'We did it christina!!!! We cried those tears for a reason! He broke our heart for a reason! We wrote these songs for today… for may 10th 2011!!! We did it. Its all okay now!!' There is also the 24 year old girl inside of me jumping just as high screaming 'we did it! + it doesn't matter who likes it + who doesn't! We worked so hard for this! We are so lucky to get to wake up and do this everyday!! thank you for making this!! thank you for not giving up on yourself!!!!' I am so happy to give you "Lovestrong". We didn't give up. The universe opened a door… we jumped inside… and did it,
Singles.
"Jar of Hearts" premiered on "So You Think You Can Dance" in June, before Perri even had a record deal. Perri wrote the song in December, only to begin working with her production and management team in February. The song was first added to Perri's YouTube channel on June 30, 2010 and was later released on iTunes on July 27, 2010. The song was featured on the singer's first EP titled "The Ocean Way Sessions", and is expected to additionally appear on "Lovestrong".
"Arms" was released on March 15, 2011 and served as the album's second single. The video for the song premiered on April 28, 2011 on "VH1".
The third single, as stated by Christina Perri on a video on her Facebook, is "Distance" featuring her good friend, Jason Mraz. The music video premiered on June 28, 2012 via Vevo. On his music site The Re-View, Nick Bassett called "Distance" "quite beautiful on the ears. It sounds like a much more restrained performance from the 'Jar Of Hearts' singer and the emotionally engaging combination of her and Mraz really does connect with some resonance."
Promotion.
To promote the album, Perri did several performances across the United States. Her first televised performance for the album was on "The Ellen DeGeneres Show" on May 13, 2011, followed by "The Today Show" and "Jimmy Kimmel Live!" on May 18, 2011. "Jar of Hearts" was covered by Lea Michele in the forty-second episode of Glee, "Prom Queen", on May 10, 2011. Perri later announced fourteen tour dates with James Blunt in spring 2011 to promote the album. The tour began in Boston, MA in the House of Blues on April 20, 2011, and ended May 8, 2011 in Seattle, WA at the Moore Theatre.
Perri revealed that three promotional singles were set to be released via-iTunes leading up to the album's release. The first promotional single released was "The Lonely" on March 29, 2011, following with the official lyric-video release from Perri's official YouTube account on March 30, 2011. The second promotional single, "Penguin", was released on April 12, 2011 along with its lyric-video on Perri's YouTube account. The third promotional single, "Tragedy", was released on April 26, 2011 to iTunes. On the same day as the album's release, Perri released a free download of "Bluebird" as a fourth promotional single. Fans who had purchased promotional tracks previous to the album's release were eligible to deduct the payment from their official purchase of the album.
Reception.
Commercial performance.
"Lovestrong" debuted at number four on the US "Billboard" 200, with first-week sales of 58,000 copies. "Lovestrong" is Perri's first full-length effort, following her "The Ocean Way Sessions" EP, which debuted and peaked at number 144 in 2010. Additionally, the album debuted on the US chart for Digital Albums at number three. In Canada, "Lovestrong" debuted at number nine on the Canadian Albums Chart. On the Australian Albums Chart, "Lovestrong" peaked at number five. The album debuted at number nine on the UK Albums Chart. In the UK "Lovestrong" was the thirteenth biggest selling debut album of 2011.
Critical reception.
"Lovestrong" garnered mixed to positive reviews by critics. James Christopher Monger of "Allmusic" gave the album a generally positive review, stating that a good amount of the album is "cut from the same cloth as her signature hit 'Jar of Hearts'". Monger stated that the album barely deviates from the "Jar of Hearts" formula and consists of a "constant barrage of wine glass-gazing, post-relationship, magnetic poetry". While the repetitive formula can grow "thin", Monger added that Perri is gifted with a "pleasant, even-handed voice" and a gift for melodies. Kyle Anderson of "Entertainment Weekly" gave the album a mixed review, complimenting Perri on her "sweet and full as custard" vocals but stating that her voice can get lost in overplayed angst and too many chilly ballads. Anderson added that songs like "Bang Bang Bang" and "Mine" save the album from "frostbite — and makes its jagged little pills go down easy". She ended the review by saying that the best cuts from the album are "Arms" and "Penguin". A.D. Amorosi of "The Philadelphia Inquirer" gave the album a very positive review, complimenting Perri's vocals as coolly soulful and reminiscent of Sara Bareilles. Amorosi continued to compliment Perri on her ability to "the audience into her tales of romantic woe and wonder". Gallucci of Cleveland, Ohio based "Cleveland Scene" gave the album a mixed review, stating that with the dozens of break-up songs found on the album Perri "barely hide[s the conflict behind her decisions", later complimenting the album's usage of weighty strings which occasionally drive songs to an emotional on-ramp.
Jody Rosen of "Rolling Stone" gave the album a mixed review, stating that although Perri has a serviceable way with melodies and has the ability to create an album with eleven songs that are full of plodding tempos and tolling piano chords, she gives off the impression of a "depressive Colbie Caillat". Describing the album as insipid and bombastic, Rosen finished by stating, "As Perri herself might put it: She has "sometalent," but writes "crapsongs." Edna Gundersen of "USA Today" gave the album a negative review, stating that Perri's "honeyed vocals" are squandered throughout the album, which Gundersen described "as lugubrious, self-absorbed and melodramatic as high school poetry". Gundersen said that although Perri is a promising singer, her debut album "Lovestrong" stands weak. Chad Grischow of IGN gave the album a mixed review, stating that although Perri is a budding talent, her debut album is unfortunately weighed down by its ballad-heavy track list. Comparing Perri's debut to an "American Idol" winner's album, Grischow said that her album "is ripe with as much promise as missteps; as she is pigeonholed as a mild-mannered ballad singer, despite evidence that she has more to offer."
Track listing.
The album's track listing was revealed on March 21, 2011 on Perri's official website. Perri composed every song on the album, with additional help from other composers listed below.
Personnel.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="31103809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103809" title="Tannen">
Tannen

Tannen is surname of:

</doc>
<doc id="31103826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103826" title="Ellery Huntington">
Ellery Huntington

Ellery Huntington may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31103877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103877" title="Hainich National Park">
Hainich National Park

Hainich National Park (), founded on December 31, 1997, is the 13th national park in Germany and the only one in Thuringia. One of the main objectives of the park is the protection of native beech forest. In 2011, the park was added to the Primeval Beech Forests of the Carpathians and the Ancient Beech Forests of Germany World Heritage Site.
Geography.
The park lies in the western part of the German state of Thuringia, east of the Werra River, and is part of the greater Eichsfeld-Hainich-Werratal Nature Park. It occupies much of the triangular area between the cities of Eisenach, Mühlhausen, and Bad Langensalza. The national park forms the southern part of the roughly Hainich, the largest contiguous deciduous forest in Germany.
Flora and Fauna.
The Hainich Forest features a wide range of beech forest communities, with populations of ash trees, hornbeams, maples, lindens, and occasional checker trees. Many fungi can be found there, along with stands of flowers such as summer snowflakes and anemones. Animals in the park include wildcats, 15 species of bats, 7 species of woodpeckers, and over 500 types of wood beetles.
Protection of the ecosystem.
The goal of Hainich National Park is to restore a large section of central European forest to its primordial state. The park covers an area formerly used for military training, with about of deciduous forest. In the future, the beech forest should grow to cover most of the park's area.

</doc>
<doc id="31103889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103889" title="Infocamp">
Infocamp

InfoCamp is a global movement of collaborative unconferences addressing topics in information science and related fields.
Seattle.
The first InfoCamp was held in Seattle in 2007. To date, there have been 4 InfoCamps held in Seattle, annually since 2007.
Berkeley.
There have been Annual InfoCamps at the UC Berkeley School of Information since the first was held on March 6, 2010. The event takes place at South Hall.
Berlin.
One InfoCamp was held in Berlin, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="31103937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103937" title="Jedlička">
Jedlička

Jedlička is a surname. Pronounced YED-lych-ka, n.: Czech, 1. A small Fir Tree (a seedling of a traditional Czech Christmas Tree). 2. Family name common to area between Pisek and Tabor, Bohemia, Czech Republic. 3. Czech slang for "tall man." 
Notable persons with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31103983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103983" title="Hans Schimmerling">
Hans Schimmerling

Hanus aldo Schimmerling (1900–1967), was a pianist, composer, teacher, musicologist, and writer, known professionally as Hanns Aldo Schimmerling, was born to Hugo Schimmerling, a dentist, and Eugenie (Jennie) Grossman in Brno, the capital of Moravia in the Czech Republic. Both parents, in their sixties, fell victims to the Holocaust in 1944.
Education.
Schimmerling grew up speaking both Slovak and German, later learning Italian and English. He started to study the piano at age six, adding the cello at age eleven and music theory at fourteen. He gave his first public recital at thirteen and was teaching at seventeen. He received degrees in both law and music from the University of Vienna and the Conservatory of Vienna respectively, and later graduated from the Composers and Conductors Department of the Academy of Music in Prague.
Work.
Immediately after graduation, Schimmerling became the coach and conductor at the German Opera in Prague for a year and a half. He was then invited to go to the United States as the accompanist for a Berlin opera star, and spent a year and a half at the Metropolitan Opera in New York City. After touring the East, South and Midwest of the United States, Schimmerling went to Paris, where he enrolled in a summer course at the Sorbonne. He returned to the United States in 1926 as accompanist for Michael Bohnen, then the leading Metropolitan Opera bass. In 1937, he wrote a newspaper serial called, "Lerne Deutsch in 120 Jahren!" (Learn German in 120 years!) with cartoons drawn by Beate Wiesner. Hans left Vienna for Brno just before Hitler's invasion of Vienna. He took a course at a teacher's college and taught music, German and European history at the Massaryk High School. In 1939, he and his wife went to Prague; then to Trieste, Italy, and sailed to the U.S aboard the Vulcania, landing in New York City. Schimmerling became an American citizen in 1944. He stayed in New York City for about eleven years, composing, conducting, teaching and writing articles for magazines. He was connected with the Cathedral of St. John the Divine, the Opera Workshop at Hunter College, the Czechoslovakian Choral Society and, in the 1950s, was the director of the Opera and Music Theory Department of the Chatham Square Music School.
Schimmerling wrote eighty-five publications on the subject of music. In the field of research on Slavonic music, his book "Folk Dance Music of the Slavic Nations" earned him two honorary degrees. The two major pieces among his choral works are "Memories of Czechoslovakia," written in 1945, and his satire for a male chorus, "Elegy," which has had more than 1000 radio and other performances. His sacred music, especially the cycle of ten anthems, "A Millennium of Earliest Known Christian Hymn Writing", is sung by choral groups throughout the United States. Schimmerling wrote an autobiography which remains unpublished.
In the 1950s, Schimmerling bought a home in Woodstock, New York and spent most of his time there. He was employed by the Board of Cooperative Services (BOCES) in Ulster County, New York. He taught music in Woodstock, Kingston and Tillson, New York, and also gave private piano lessons. He taught until 1960, when he officially retired. During his elementary school teaching, he introduced new features in classroom reaching as well as school performances. His school programs, such as Musical Journey to Europe, From Sophocles to Rodgers & Hammerstein, and especially The American Parade (a combination of studies in music, American history and geography) were widely acclaimed. The American Parade is a two-part pageant for children. Part I is "History on Parade, from Sir Walter Raleigh to Thomas Edison," and Part II is "A Parade of the Fifty States from Virginia to Hawaii." After his retirement, Schimmerling made frequent trips to Europe, visiting schools in Austria, Switzerland, Germany, Italy, and the Scandinavian countries, comparing different methods of teaching.
Schimmerling was the co-founder of the annual Woodstock Summer Festival (not to be confused with "The" Woodstock Festival held in Bethel, New York in 1969), which included the Harmony Hill lecture-recitals he began giving in 1955. He also wrote over 1200 articles for local and other papers and magazines. Many of Schimmerling's compositions have been performed throughout the U.S. and Europe. A few of them are "Te Deum," "First Symphony," "Cantus Contra Bella, " and a cantata for a baritone solo and chorus, "Humphrey Potter," composed in 1943. In 1996. a choral concert program by the Texas Tech ninety-voice chorus included a Schimmerling capella, "Kde Su Kravy Moje.”
Personal Life and Death.
Schimmerling married his wife, Mathylda, in 1932 and lived in Vienna from 1928–1938. He went into the hospital in 1967 for a minor operation and unexpectedly died.

</doc>
<doc id="31103990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103990" title="France 3 Normandie">
France 3 Normandie

France 3 Normandie is one France 3's regional services to people in Upper Normandy and Lower Normandy.France 3 Normandie has 2 separate offices, one in Caen and 1 in Rouen.Content is also produced byFraance 3 Normandie as well.
Capital.
France 3 Normandie has an annual budget of 31.97 million euros.
External links.
Free and private local TV channel : NormandieTV http://www.normandie-tv.fr et La Chaine Normande http://www.lachainenormande.fr/

</doc>
<doc id="31103996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31103996" title="Ozone Falls">
Ozone Falls

Ozone Falls is a waterfall located in Cumberland County, Tennessee in the Ozone Falls State Natural Area. Ozone Falls is situated along Fall Creek, which drains a short section of the Cumberland Plateau between the Crab Orchard Mountains to the west and Walden Ridge to the east. The creek flows down from its source high in the Crab Orchard Mountains for a mile or so before steadying briefly as it enters the community of Ozone. Fall Creek enters the state natural area just after it passes under U.S. Route 70, which runs perpendicular to it. The creek spills over Ozone Falls a few hundred meters south of US-70. The trailhead is located along US-70.

</doc>
<doc id="31104004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104004" title="George Selwyn Marryat">
George Selwyn Marryat

George Selwyn Marryat (1840 – 1896) was a country gentleman and British angler most noted for his relationship with F. M. Halford, Francis Francis and the development of dry-fly fishing on the chalk streams of southern England. Upon his death in 1896, he became known as the "Prince of Fly Fishers".
Early life.
He was born George Selwyn Marryat on 20 June 1840 at Chewton Glen in the New Forest, Hampshire, England. He was the eldest son of Lieutenant Colonel George Marryat (1806–1871) and Georgiana Charlotte (née Selwyn) Marryat (1816–1860). George was the nephew of Royal Navy officer and novelist Frederick Marryat.
In 1854, Marryat's family moved to Mapperton Manor, Dorset. In Dorset, on the River Frome at Maiden Newton, young Marryat learned to fish with the wet fly. He attended Winchester College from 1854 to 1858. Upon leaving Winchester, George gained a commission as a cornet in the Carabiniers on 16 March 1858. In October 1858, his regiment was posted to Meerut, India, to help quell the Indian Rebellion of 1857. The regiment returned to England in January 1862, and George was promoted, by purchase, to lieutenant. He sold his commission and resigned from the Army in 1865.
Marryat married Lucy Dorothea Clinton (1843 – ?) in St George's, Hanover Square, London on 9 July 1872. They had four daughters: Mary Margaret, Dorothea Charlotte Edith, Joan O. Gladstone, and Alice Lucy. Alice died shortly before her first birthday. The Marryats lived in Edinburgh, Scotland, for two years before moving to Shedfield, Hampshire.
A fly angler.
Above all, George Selwyn Marryat was the consummate fly fisherman of his time in England. He was an expert caster, an accomplished, but amateur, chalkstream entomologist, as well as a proficient and innovative fly tyer.
The meeting.
What is often referred to as "the meeting that changed the course of fly fishing history" occurred when George Marryat first met a young Frederic M. Halford in Hammond's Fly Shop in Winchester on 28 April 1879. From that introduction came 16 years of collaboration with Halford on all aspects of dry-fly fishing the chalk streams of England.
Development of the floating fly.
Marryat wrote virtually nothing about the development the dry fly fishing at the time. However he fished for over a decade at the side of Frederick Halford and together they refined dry fly patterns into lighter, more realistic flies suitable for the equipment of the time. Marryat did share his patterns with Hammond's in London and they made their way into the stocks of commercial flies of the time. In his second book, "Dry Fly Fishing: theory and practice" (1889), Halford acknowledged his debt to Marryat's innovation and tutelage in the dedication.
Two dry flies of the time designed by and named for Marryat are the "Little Marryat" and "Marryat Quill".
Death.
In late January 1896, Marryat fell ill with influenza. Confined to his bed in his house at The Close, Salisbury, Marryat suffered a paralysing stroke that left him unconscious. He died on 14 February 1896. He is buried in the cloister garth of Salisbury Cathedral.
Shortly after Marryat's death, Major W. G. Turle, a close personal friend and noted angler (see Turle knot), wrote in the "Fishing Gazette":

</doc>
<doc id="31104013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104013" title="Pablo Mannara">
Pablo Mannara

Pablo Mannara (born April 18, 1977 in Lanús, Argentina) is an Argentine Association Football Midfielder currently playing for Racing de Córdoba of the Torneo Argentino A in Argentina.
Personal life.
He is the older brother of Ferro Carril Oeste striker Rodrigo Mannara.

</doc>
<doc id="31104029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104029" title="Lennart Koskinen">
Lennart Koskinen

Lennart Koskinen (born November 12, 1944 in Helsinki), is a clergyman in the Church of Sweden, serving as Bishop in Visby.

</doc>
<doc id="31104036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104036" title="Torp Köpcentrum">
Torp Köpcentrum

Torp Köpcentrum is a shopping mall located next to the highway (E6), about seven miles northwest of Uddevalla. Torp has currently around 69 shops, 700 employees and 3700 free parking spaces.Torp shopping mall owned by Steen & Strøm Sweden AB.
Sales and visitor development Year Turnover Million gross Visit thousand.
Torp shopping centre is a regional shopping centre
located 7 miles north of Uddevalla, Västra Götaland County, Sweden.
Property owner: Steen & Strøm Sweden AB, ICA and
Konsum Bohuslän-Älvsborg and others.

</doc>
<doc id="31104041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104041" title="Madonna of the Harpies">
Madonna of the Harpies

Madonna of the Harpies (Italian: "Madonna delle Arpie") is a 1517 painting by Andrea del Sarto, considered his major contribution to High Renaissance art.
It is a depiction of the Virgin Mary and child on a pedestal, flanked by angels and two saints (Saint Bonaventure or Francis, and John the Evangelist). Originally completed in 1517 for the convent of San Francesco dei Macci, the altarpiece now resides in the Uffizi. The figures have a Leonardo-like aura, with a pyramid shaped composition.
The main character in the Kürk Mantolu Madonna (Madonna With A Fur Coat), a novel written by Turkish writer Sabahattin Ali, is a depiction of the Virgin Mary in Madonna of the Harpies.

</doc>
<doc id="31104046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104046" title="2011 World Short Track Speed Skating Championships">
2011 World Short Track Speed Skating Championships

The 2011 World Short Track Speed Skating Championships took place between March 11 and March 13, 2011 at Sheffield Arena in Sheffield, England. The World Championships were organised by the ISU which also runs world cups and championships in speed skating and figure skating.
Medal table.
7 nations won at least one medal, which represents the highest total ever.
Entries per Event.
Each nation can enter up to a maximum of 2 athletes per event, the nations listed below can enter up to three athletes per gender for that respective gender.
Participating countries.
116 athletes from 32 nations will compete.

</doc>
<doc id="31104061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104061" title="Hrabě">
Hrabě

Hrabě is surname of:

</doc>
<doc id="31104077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104077" title="German Film Award for Best Documentary Film">
German Film Award for Best Documentary Film

The German Film Award for Best Documentary Film is the award given for best German feature documentary film at the annual Deutscher Filmpreis awards, the German national film awards. The category has been introduced in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="31104078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104078" title="Pacific Xtreme Combat">
Pacific Xtreme Combat

Pacific Xtreme Combat is a mixed martial arts promotion based out of Guam and the Philippines.
History.
Pacific Xtreme Combat (sometimes stylized as Pacific X-treme Combat) also known as PXC, was established in 2004 on the US island territory of Guam,started in 2010 in Manila and since then, has set the Pacific region on fire showcasing the highest level of MMA action on a consistent basis. Owned and operated by the Calvo family, PXC is a Tropical Productions company and has produced 41 professional events,11 pro events in Manila and over 22 amateur shows in Guam where MMA is a mainstream sport.
Philippine Expansion.
In early 2011, PXC partnered with Manila’s TV5 'AKTV' channel, the latter's premier free-to-air sports channel. Owned by Filipino Tycoon Manuel V. Pangilinan, AKTV and its sister companies are growing rapidly as the most aggressively innovative media companies in the Philippines. 
PXC has experienced steady growth in both live attendance and television viewership. 

</doc>
<doc id="31104091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104091" title="Chappuis">
Chappuis

Chappuis is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31104101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104101" title="Lillian Massey Building">
Lillian Massey Building

The Lillian Massey Building is a Neoclassical building located in Downtown Toronto, at the southeast corner of Bloor Street and Queen's Park and across from the Royal Ontario Museum. It was designed by architect George Martell Miller (1855–1933) and built between 1908 and 1912 for the University of Toronto's Household Science program created by Lillian Massey Treble, daughter of wealthy Canadian business man, Hart Massey. It presently houses the offices of the Ontario Ombudsman, the University of Toronto Department of Classics and Centre for Medieval Studies, as well as Club Monaco’s flagship retail store, renovated by Fort Architects. 
Architecture.
Designed by George Martell Miller in the Neoclassical style, the building features Indiana Limestone facades with columns topped with Ionic capitals. There are several pediments including one supported by columns forming the grand portico fronting Queen's Park. The interior of the University of Toronto part of the building has been kept almost unchanged, featuring marble tile flooring and finishes, while the Club Monaco interiors were modified to fit the needs of a retail store. 
Fort Architects renovated the interior of Club Monaco's part of the building with drywall and hardwood flooring before installing shelves. The original underground pool was also covered by a false floor to house the men's section of the store. Landscaping is kept to a minimum as tree planters are used in front of the Club Monaco facade to frame its entrance.

</doc>
<doc id="31104102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104102" title="Max Samosvat">
Max Samosvat

Maxim Vyacheslavovich Samosvat () (15 June 1981, Moscow) — Russian rock musician, vocalist «Mechanical Poet» (2003–2006) and "Epidemia" (2000–2010).
Biography.
His first band was «Orcrist», which included future members of the Epidemia: Ilya Knyazev and Roman Zakharov. Early in his career has performed with groups such as the «Lady Prowler», «Strangers», «Travel to the Night».
Since 2000 is the vocalist in the Russian power metal band "Epidemia", which was replaced by Pavel Okunev (now – Arda). His first job was with the group album "Magical Mystery Countries" in 2001.
In 2004 the group, in collaboration with other well-known Russian singers – Arthur Berkut (Aria), Lexx («Master»), Andrey Lobashev («Arida Vortex»), Cyril Nemolyaev (Boney NEM), Dmitry Borisenkov (Black Obelisk) – Records Russia's first metal opera, "Elven Manuscript", where Max played the role of Desmond – half-elf.
In 2005, Epidemia has released his fifth album, numbered, titled "Living in Twilight". The record contains a rewrite of songs from the first album, tracklist determined fans through Internet.
In 2006 Samosvat participated in the recording of Master – "On the other side of sleep" in the project Margenta on the verses Margarita Pushkina. Maxim song "Za granyu" Samosvat also participated in the recording of the band's albums «Everlost» – «Noise Factory» and «Hatecraft» – «Lost Consolation».
In 2007 he published a sequel to Elven Manuscript – Elven Manuscript 2: Saga For All Times. The record also was full of famous names: the already involved in the first part of the metal opera Berkut, Lobashev, Borisenkov and Nemolyaev joined by Mikhayl Seryshev (ex-Master), Konstantin Rumyantsev (Troll Gnet El) Ekaterina Belobrova (The Teachers), Eugeny Egorov (Epidemia). In this metal opera Maxim again sang the role of Desmond.
Just Maxim was a singer progressive rock group «Mechanical Poet». With his participation were recorded two albums: 2003 – «Handmade Essence», and in 2004 – «Woodland Prattlers». In 2005, Maxim has been invited to attend the reunion «Mechanical Poet», but rather "Epidemia" His place in the «Mechanical Poet» took Jerry Lenin.
25 October 2010 Maxim announced his retirement fromEpidemia. Recent performances with a group of 12/10/2010 held in St. Petersburg and in Moscow 12/11/2010.

</doc>
<doc id="31104112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104112" title="Al Porto">
Al Porto

Alfred "Al" Porto (June 27, 1926 – July 6, 2005), nicknamed "Lefty", was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played in with the Philadelphia Phillies.

</doc>
<doc id="31104117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104117" title="Jean v. Massachusetts State Police">
Jean v. Massachusetts State Police

Jean v. Massachusetts State Police, 492 F.3d 24 (1st Cir. 2007) is a case concerning the legality of posting a video on the internet obtained by another source through illegal means, which in this case involve use of a nanny cam to record others. The plaintiff filed for a permanent injunction against the defendants, who issued a cease-and-desist order regarding a video posted on the plaintiff's website. The defendants claimed the video was in violation of Massachusetts law M.G.L c 272 § 99, which defines the secret recording of audio without the consent of the persons recorded as interception, and subject to prosecution as a felony due to the presence of audio in the videorecording. The court's decision drew heavily off of previous court case Bartnicki v. Vopper. The court's decision held that it was legal to post such a video which was lawfully obtained from another, especially regarding a matter of public concern.
Background.
Mary Jean, a local political activist in Worcester, Massachusetts, maintained a website displaying articles and other information critical of former Worcester County District Attorney John Conte. (The site, Conte2006.com, is no longer in operation.) In October 2005, Paul Pechonis contacted Jean, who he had not previously met. Pechonis explained that on September 29, 2005, he was arrested at his home for a misdemeanor, after which the police proceeded to conduct a warrantless search of his home. The search was captured on Pechonis’ child security system, or “nanny cam.” It was not resolved whether the recording was intentional or accidental. He offered the recording to Jean, who posted it to her website on January 29, including an editorial comment critical of Conte’s performance in office. During the court proceedings, it was assumed that when Jean accepted the tape, she had reason to know that it had been illegally recorded.
Procedural History.
News of the footage spread, and on February 14, the Massachusetts State Police sent a cease-and-desist letter demanding that Jean remove the video within 48 hours or face criminal action. The letter cited Massachusetts law M.G.L c 272 § 99, stating that "this secret, unauthorized audio/video recording is in violation [...] and subject to prosecution as a felony." This law defines interception as, "to secretly hear, secretly record, or aid another to secretly hear or secretly record the contents of any wire or oral communication through the use of any intercepting device by any person other than a person given prior authority by all parties to such communication." The police sent a second letter on March 29, which clarified the previous letter by stating that, given the statute’s limitation to “wire or oral communications,” Jean would not be in violation if she removed the audio portion of the recording from her website.
In response, Jean filed a lawsuit in federal court requesting an injunction to prevent the Massachusetts police from pursuing legal action. Jean sought both an immediate temporary restraining order and a permanent injunction that would prevent the police from taking any action against her related to the video. Citing her rights to free speech under the First Amendment, Jean sought to preclude defendants from threatening her with prosecution or enforcing section 99 against her. The order did state, however, that it did not authorize State Police from undertaking ordinary and lawful law enforcement investigatory and enforcement activities, including any such activities that are targeted at Paul Pechonis or Mary T. Jean. The court granted the restraining order on the day the complaint was filed, which prevented the police from interfering with Jean’s disclosure, use, or display, including posting on the internet, of the audio/video recording.
Ruling of the District Court.
The District Court ultimately granted the permanent injunction. The court assumed for the sake of argument that Jean had reason to know that the recording might have been illegal when she posted it. Finding a public interest in Jean's publication of the information contained in the video, the court decided that the police's duty to restrain illegal recording could not counterbalance Jean's free speech rights. Key to this decision was the fact that Jean did not record the event herself, thus punishing her would not serve the same deterrence goals as would punishing the recorder.
Appeals.
The United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit upheld the injunction, echoing the lower court's comments regarding the balancing of free speech versus the police's law-enforcing goals. It was noted that Jean herself played no part in the recording of the video, that she had obtained the tape lawfully, and that the videotape related to a matter of public concern.
The court concluded that government interests in preserving privacy and deterring illegal interceptions were less compelling in this case than in "Bartnicki v. Vopper", and Jean's circumstances were otherwise materially indistinguishable from those of the defendants in "Bartnicki", whose publication of an illegally intercepted tape was protected by the First Amendment. Jean's publication of the recording on her website was thus entitled to the same First Amendment protection. Consequently, they agreed with the district court that Jean had a reasonable likelihood of success on the merits of her suit for a permanent injunction.

</doc>
<doc id="31104124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104124" title="10.9">
10.9

10.9 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31104154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104154" title="Austrian Football League">
Austrian Football League

The Austrian Football League (AFL) is the elite league of American football in Austria. The league was founded in 1984 and plays by the rules of the NCAA.
History.
The AFL is commonly considered as one of the best American football leagues in Europe, hence the EFL was won 7 times by AFL teams in the 8 year period from 2004-2011.
In 2010, 8 teams participated in the league, with 7 being from Austria and 1, the Prague Panthers from the Czech Republic.
In 2012, 6 teams participated in the league, with 5 being from Austria and 1, the Prague Panthers from the Czech Republic.
The regular season consists of 10 games and starts in mid March and the playoffs continue through July. The final game is called the Austrian Bowl and was held for the first time in 1984 in Salzburg, Austria.
Teams.
In 2014 the AFL consists of 5 teams:

</doc>
<doc id="31104190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104190" title="Joelle Forte">
Joelle Forte

Joelle Forte (born July 5, 1986) is an American figure skater. She is a four-time North Atlantic Regional champion, the 2009 Eastern Sectional champion, and represented the United States at Skate America in October 2011, Nebelhorn Trophy in September 2011, and Gradena Spring Trophy in May 2011. 
Career.
Forte began skating at age four and entered her first qualifying competition in 1996, at age ten. That year, she placed fourth at the juvenile level at North Atlantic Regionals. Forte first competed nationally during the 1999-2000 season, when she finished ninth at the National Championships at the novice level. She continued skating for over a decade following that season, not qualifying for the National Championships again for several years. Forte retired temporarily, not competing during the 2004-05 season due to chronic back injury, but returned after a year and a half away, citing her ongoing love for the sport. She finally made it back to Nationals in 2008-2009, by which point she was competing as a senior, the oldest skater in the ladies competition.
In the 2009-2010 season, Forte intended to represent Azerbaijan, although, due to paperwork issues, she never had an opportunity to actually compete on its behalf. She resumed representing the United States. During the 2010-2011 season, Forte received her first senior international assignment, Gardena Spring Trophy, and the following season, she was assigned to represent the United States at Skate America, the first Grand Prix assignment of her career. Though unusual for a skater to add new jumps to her repertoire so late in her career, Forte included a triple flip in her short program for the first time at the 2011 Liberty Summer competition, and is working on adding a triple toe loop-triple toe loop combination for the 2011-12 competitive season.
Forte has performed with the Ice Theatre of New York. She also regularly participates in One Step Closer, an annual HIV/AIDS benefit show.
Before the start 2013-2014 competitive season, Joelle suffered a major setback to her training due to an infection in her right ankle which caused her to be hospitalized for a week. She lost 3 months of skating and training and only started competing at the end of August. She went on to win North Atlantic Regionals Championship and won bronze at Eastern Sectional Championship. She had a personal best score of 52.86 for her short program at Eastern Sectional Championship. She qualified for the 2014 U.S. Prudential Figure Skating National Championships.
Personal life.
Forte modeled with the Ford Agency for 10 years to help support her skating. She has modeled for Ralph Lauren, Bloomingdale's, Saks Fifth Avenue, Macy's, and etc. She graduated from Fordham University in May 2010 with a Bachelor's degree in psychology, and hopes to attend graduate school.

</doc>
<doc id="31104203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104203" title="Nooteboom">
Nooteboom

Nooteboom is a Dutch surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31104217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104217" title="Noteboom">
Noteboom

Noteboom is a Dutch surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31104224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104224" title="Emre Sabuncuoğlu">
Emre Sabuncuoğlu

Emre Sabuncuoglu () is a Turkish classical guitarist, arranger, composer and mathematician. He is on the faculty of the Los Angeles Guitar Academy.
Biography.
Born in Ankara, Turkey, he attended Ankara Atatürk Anadolu Lisesi where took guitar lessons from Güneş Apaydın. During high school, he was accepted to Hacettepe University State Conservatory where he studied with the internationally acclaimed Turkish guitarist Ahmet Kanneci. He also studied music theory and composition with Kemal Çağlar. 
Emre received a Bachelor of Science degree in Mathematics at Middle East Technical University, specializing in universal algebra and lattice theory. From 1998 to 2000, he worked with the mathematician and composer Andreas Tiefenbach toward his Master of Science degree in Mathematics. During this time, he taught mathematics as a departmental associate, and classical guitar at the METU Classical Guitar Society. 
Emre holds a Master of Music degree, magna cum laude, from New England Conservatory of Music in Boston, where he was a student of guitarist and composer David Leisner. He also studied composition with Michael Gandolfi and David Leisner. 
In 2006, Emre completed his doctorate (D.M.A., Doctor of Musical Arts) at the University of Southern California, Thornton School of Music as a student of the late Prof. James F. Smith. As an Andrés Segovia Endowed Music Scholarship recipient, he has pursued doctoral minors in the areas of Music Theory, Ethnomusicology and Flamenco Guitar, and has studied performance with the legendary guitarist Pepe Romero. 
In February 2005, the Young Guru Academy selected Emre to participate in its inaugural USA Leadership Camp. 
Currently, Emre teaches guitar lessons at the Los Angeles Guitar Academy. In 2009, he began teaching online guitar lessons at LAGA’s online division, 
LAGA Online.

</doc>
<doc id="31104225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104225" title="England rugby union try record progression">
England rugby union try record progression

The England rugby union try record progression charts the record number of tries scored for the England national rugby union team by individual players, or rugby footballers as they are still sometimes referred to.
Early years.
The progression begins with Reg Birkett's try, scored in the first international rugby match of any code in 1871 when England succumbed to Scotland at Raeburn Place. When Birkett's try was scored, it was not worth any points in itself, but rather afforded the opportunity of the scoring side to kick a goal, or a "try at goal", which England failed to convert. Birkett, who also played association football for England, was for a short time during the match the joint international record holder as well, matching Angus Buchanan's earlier effort for Scotland. Despite the record being but a single try, Birkett's mark of one try for England stood for almost six years, although this equated at the time to just ten matches. In that time, at least a further eleven players matched the feat of scoring a try for England before William Hutchinson scored his second try of the match and his career in the eleventh England match on 5 February 1877. Hutchinson set a mark that was to last for exactly four years when Henry Taylor, who had already equalled the record, scored three times against Ireland on 5 February 1881. Taylor played in the same side as another prolific scorer of tries, George Burton. Burton equalled the mark of five tries in England's comprehensive victory over Wales in the latter's first international. In that match, on 19 February 1881, of the thirteen tries scored, Taylor scored once but Burton scored four times, which was in itself a record haul for one match that was to last until 1907. The tries scored in this match brought both players to six apiece, but as to which of these players reached that mark first is unclear. It was not until 1885 that another pairing of prolific try scorers, Wilfred Bolton and Charles Wade, both equalled the haul of six tries. Wade went on to hold the record outright for over fifteen years after he scored his seventh try on 2 January 1886 against Wales. It was Tot Robinson that was to break this record on 9 March 1901 with his mark of eight tries and no one challenged this until Arthur Hudson equalled and then broke it at Parc des Princes when England defeated France on 3 March 1910. For the third time, England was fielding a pairing of prolific try scorers, and alongside Hudson was John Birkett. John Birkett was the son of England's first try scorer, Reg Birkett and had scored the first try at Twickenham Stadium. He went on to set the England record with ten tries on 8 April 1912.
Lowe's sixty-seven year record.
As Birkett's career finished, the young winger, Cyril Lowe, began his. Lowe was selected to play for England whilst still at university in 1913 and despite a six year break due to the First World War when he flew as a fighter pilot in the Royal Flying Corps, returned to international duty and resumed scoring tries. Lowe scored eighteen times in twenty four appearances, and set the record for the most amounts of tries scored in a single Five Nations Championship when he scored eight in 1914, a record only matched by Ian Smith of Scotland, and never surpassed, even in the Six Nations era with its greater number of matches. Despite living until the age of 91, Lowe's mark of eighteen tries, set on 10 February 1923, outlasted him and was not broken until another RAF fighter pilot, Rory Underwood, scored his nineteenth try almost sixty-seven years later on 20 January 1990. Underwood had taken thirty-eight matches to reach this mark, compared to Lowe's twenty-four. Before Lowe, other try scorers had had better scoring ratios, amongst them record holders Burton scoring six in six, Wade seven in eight, Tot Robinson eight in eight, and Hudson, nine in eight. Daniel Lambert had also scored eight tries in a career of seven appearances. Lowe's achievement has been singled out as being all the more remarkable due to the almost six year pause in the middle of his career.
Underwood's unchallenged record.
Underwood went on to score thirty more tries for England over a career spanning twelve years and eighty-five matches, eventually setting a mark of forty-nine tries. He also scored once for the British Lions, bringing his career total of international tries to fifty. Lowe's total of eighteen has been surpassed by a further six players, all playing in an era of many more internationals, and when tries are worth more points relative to other scoring methods and therefore where there is more emphasis on scoring tries. Underwood's mark, however, has never been challenged, the next closest for England being Will Greenwood and Ben Cohen on 31 each.

</doc>
<doc id="31104233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104233" title="Blue Dots">
Blue Dots

"Blue Dots" is the eighth episode of the first series of the Fox sitcom "Raising Hope". The episode was written by Liz Astrof, her first for the series, and was directed by Eyal Gordin. The episode premiered November 16, 2010 on Fox Broadcasting Company. The plot follows Jimmy' attempt to get Hope into a better daycare, the revelation that Burt is a sex offender, and the rest of the family becoming sex offenders from the resulting attempt to get Burt's conviction overturned.
The episode featured actresses Kate Micucci and Cloris Leachman in their recurring roles, and the first appearance of Lou Wagner as lawyer Wally Phipps. Critics gave mixed reviews, but praised the performance of Garret Dillahunt and the use of a non-typical plot device. According to Nielsen Media Research, it was watched by 5.9 million households in its original airing, reversing a downward trend in ratings in the last two episodes.
Plot.
Shelly (Kate Micucci) is serenading the dogs at her daycare when Virginia (Martha Plimpton) arrives with Hope Chance. Shelly remarks that she got her dead tooth fixed after seeing a character with one on "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia" made her no longer feel unique. Virginia asks about the lack of babies or old people at the daycare, with Shelly confirming that Hope is the only non-dog left in the daycare. Later that day with most of the family sitting around the dinner table, Maw Maw (Cloris Leachman) rings the doorbell twice and to the family's concern, Hope barks at the noise each time.
Virginia gets a brochure for a different pre-school across the other side of town that offers scholarships and the family arrange to go to a meeting there to hear about the application process. While at the meeting, another parent mentions that a sex offender lives near the pre-school, highlighted by a blue dot on a Megan's Law website. The pre-school employee explains that they made the sex offender move, and now the next nearest is over the other side of the town, with the Chance family shocked when they find out the offender is in their neighborhood. They get home, and Jimmy (Lucas Neff) looks it up on the internet, finding out that the registered sex offender is in fact Burt (Garret Dillahunt), caused by a charge made when he was 17 and hooked up with Virginia when she was 15.
They decide to go to a lawyer, Wally Phipps (Lou Wagner) they saw on TV in order to clear Burt's name. When they meet they discover that Burt needs to go house to house around the neighborhood to inform all of his neighbors that he is a sex offender while Wally tries to get the judgement overturned. Meanwhile Sabrina (Shannon Woodward) helps Jimmy with the written application for the day care, loudly criticizing his over-use of exclamation mark. At the court house, the whole family is there to see Burt cleared and removed from the sex offender list, only for Maw Maw to expose herself in front of a group of school children, causing the briefly removed blue dot to be replaced following her charge for indecent exposure.
Wally helps Maw Maw to get twelve hours of community service on account of her being crazy, but Virginia explains that she's never lucid that long. Wally explains that all that's required is for a woman to do the time, at which point both Jimmy and Burt look at Virginia. The following morning, Jimmy gives Virginia an early morning lift to do the community service when they stop so that Virginia can use a gas station toilet. When the gas station attendant refuses to let her use the toilet without purchasing something, she goes around the side of the station to relieve herself when the headlights on a police car come on, and two officers arrest Virginia for indecent exposure. Jimmy, desperate to find someone to do Maw Maw's community service, offers to pay a prostitute to do the time only for it to be a police trap, and for him to be arrested for solicitation and placed in the back of the police car next to Virginia.
Having been bailed out, Jimmy is back at home frantically working on the application when Hope crawls up chewing on a bone. He realizes that he needs to spice up the application. He goes to the new pre-school and after the employee reads out all the other applicants problems, he awards the scholarship to Hope, saying that Jimmy was a promising artist who's hand was injured in the war in Afghanistan while dragging orphans to safety. Jimmy feels so guilty about taking the spot that he admits his lie, and the other applicants all come out and admit that they lied on their application too. They're all turned down for the new daycare, but Jimmy tells them all about Shelley's daycare and they enroll their children, meaning that Hope is no longer the only baby.
Reception.
Ratings.
In its original American broadcast on November 16, 2010, "Blue Dots" was watched by 5.9 million households, according to Nielson ratings. Its ratings were higher than the previous two episodes, "Family Secrets" and "The Sniffles". "Blue Dots" received a 2.5/7 share among viewers aged between 18 and 34, and a 2.7/7 share among viewers aged between 18 and 49.
Reviews.
John Kubicek at BuddyTV said that although the episode used a non-typical plot device in the form of sex offenders, the series "continued to prove that it's one of the funniest shows on TV". Andrea Evans on The Game Effect criticised the animation effect used to make Hope look like she was barking and described the episode as "meh", but appreciated the continuity in Jimmy's character arc and described Garret Dillahunt as "just hilarious as Burt"; and gave the episode an overall rating of 8 out of 10. At Gather.com, Elizabeth SanFilippo said that the show had previously embraced storylines that if done badly could easily offend. In "Blue Dots", the writers moved towards that line once again but kept it on the side of funny.

</doc>
<doc id="31104235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104235" title="Les Violons du Roy">
Les Violons du Roy

Les Violons du Roy is a French-Canadian chamber orchestra based in Québec City, Québec. The orchestra's principal venue is the "Palais Montcalm" in Québec City. The orchestra also performs concerts in Montréal at the Place des Arts, the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts and St. James United Church. 
In 1984, Bernard Labadie founded the ensemble, following productions at the Université Laval of the baroque operas "Dido and Aeneas" and "L'incoronazione di Poppea", using the orchestra for these productions as the new ensemble's core. The ensemble's name is an adaptation of the 17th century French royal court orchestra "Les Vingt-quatre Violons du Roi". Numbering 15 musicians, the orchestra performs on modern instruments, but incorporates period performance practice into its performances of music from the 17th and 18th centuries, including using duplicates of period bows for string instruments, and sparing use of "vibrato". Labadie founded an affiliate chorus for "Les Violons du Roy" in 1985, under the original name of "Ensemble vocal Bernard Labadie". In 1991, the choir changed its name to "La Chapelle de Québec". Labadie continues as music director of both "Les Violons du Roy" and "La Chapelle de Québec".
The ensemble first performed in Europe in 1988. Its first performance in Washington, D.C. was in 1995. The orchestra first appeared in New York City in August 1997.
Since 2008, Jean-Marie Zeitouni is the orchestra's principal guest conductor. Since 2009, Eric Paetkau is the orchestra's resident conductor. In July 2013, the ensemble announced that Labadie is scheduled to change his title with Les Violons du Roy from music director to "founding conductor".
The orchestra has recorded commercially for the Dorian, Virgin Classics, and ATMA Classique labels. The ensemble has won the Juno Award for Classical Album of the Year twice: for their recording of George Frideric Handel's "Apollo e Dafne" and Handel's "Silete Venti" in 2001, and for their recording of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's "Requiem" in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="31104249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104249" title="Straight-seven engine">
Straight-seven engine

A straight-seven engine or inline-seven engine is a straight engine with seven cylinders. Wärtsilä, with their RTA96-C, and MAN Diesel produce crosshead two-stroke diesel engines in this configuration. Wärtsilä also produces regular trunk engines in this configuration. It is more common in marine applications because marine engines are usually based on a modular design, with individual heads per cylinder.
Only one straight-seven engine for land propulsion is known to be in production, the AGCO Sisu 7-cylinder diesel engine. This engine configuration was chosen because of size, parts commonality, and power range issues. A straight-8 would be too long for the farm machinery application the engine was intended for, whilst a V engine would require a higher investment compared to the expected low sales volume for this power range. The straight-7 configuration is a lower investment because Sisu has reused cylinder heads from their I3 and I4 diesel lineups. This is possible because the cylinder volume, pistons and con rods are identical across the Sisu model range.

</doc>
<doc id="31104252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104252" title="The County Chairman (1935 film)">
The County Chairman (1935 film)

The County Chairman is a 1935 comedy film directed by John G. Blystone and starring Will Rogers.
Plot.
A political party boss in Wyoming must decide to either do what's right and lose the election or do what's wrong and win it.

</doc>
<doc id="31104258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104258" title="Big City Rhythms">
Big City Rhythms

Big City Rhythms is a 1999 album by American vocalist Michael Feinstein accompanied by the Maynard Ferguson big band. It was Feinstein's second album for the Concord label, and his first with Maynard Ferguson.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Jonathan Widran awarded the album 4 stars and said the pairing of Feinstein and Ferguson "such a rousing success that it's surprising the two didn't think of it before".

</doc>
<doc id="31104260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104260" title="Monmouth Civic Chorus">
Monmouth Civic Chorus

The Monmouth Civic Chorus (MCC) is an independent community chorus performing high quality music since 1949, recognized by national and community awards, drawing its members primarily from the Monmouth County, New Jersey community. Performances encompass choral classics; innovative programming, including premieres, rare and contemporary music, and musical theater; the popular annual Christmas concert, with selections from Handel’s "Messiah" and well-known holiday music; Christmas carols around the community; and collaborations with arts partners. MCC has performed on tour in 11 European countries, and at numerous performance venues in the Northeast, including Carnegie Hall and St. Thomas Church in Manhattan; the National Shrine of the Immaculate Conception in Washington, D. C.; PNC Bank Arts Center in Holmdel, N. J.; and the New Jersey Performing Arts Center and the Cathedral of the Sacred Heart in Newark, N. J.
The Monmouth Civic Chorus has experienced large concert attendance, positive reviews (“"Among the very best in the entire Northeast"”—Asbury Park Press), growing chorus membership, and successful fund-raising campaigns. In addition to concerts, MCC performs a variety of community outreach events, including recitals by outstanding musicians. MCC has provided annual scholarships to students of outstanding vocal promise for several decades, with some of the scholarship winners already going on to distinguished music careers.
History.
The vision of William Gordon Pagdin was responsible for the founding of the Monmouth Civic Chorus. Gordon was employed as an electrical engineer, but music was his love. He grew up surrounded by noted vocalists and conductors as a result of his father’s career in concerts, opera, and church music. Gordon's early introduction to Gilbert and Sullivan operettas prompted him to select "Pirates of Penzance" for the Chorus's first performance, in May, 1950 at the Carlton Theater (now the Count Basie) in Red Bank. MCC’s second performance, in January, 1951, was Handel’s "Messiah."
Two years after MCC’s inception, Gordon survived one of the worst train accidents in US history. Amazed that his life had been spared, he decided to direct one religious work each year. MCC continued to perform G&S and sacred works under the direction of its founder until 1962.
When the late Felix Molzer took the baton as conductor of MCC, he brought his background as director of the Vienna Boys' Choir and professor of music in Vienna. Felix added operettas and musicals to the stage repertoire, from "The Bartered Bride" and "Faust" to "The Most Happy Fella" and "Of Thee I Sing." MCC expanded its concert performances to new stages, among them the then-Garden State Arts Center with the New Jersey Symphony Orchestra conducted by Henry Lewis.
After a period in the 1960s when the MCC podium was occupied by several guest conductors, William R. Shoppell, Jr., a noted music educator and church musician, became MCC’s conductor in 1973. Under Bill’s direction, the performance schedule grew from a classical concert in the fall and a staged musical in the spring, to two concerts and a show in 1982-83. By 1987-88, the season increased to three concerts plus a stage production. The repertoire encompassed the masterworks of Bach, Mozart, Haydn, Beethoven, Brahms, Puccini, Verdi, and Berlioz, as well as the classic musicals of Rodgers and Hammerstein, Lerner and Loewe, and Gilbert and Sullivan. Bill prepared the Chorus for several performances at Carnegie Hall as the "anchor choir" with choristers from all over the country, and at the celebration of the Statue of Liberty centennial in 1986.
MCC began touring out of state in 1981, performing Puccini’s "Messa di Gloria" by invitation at the National Shrine of the Immaculate Conception in Washington, D. C. This one-day trip led to a performing tour of Austria and Germany in 1984. More tours under the direction of Bill Shoppell took MCC to the British Isles in 1987, and to Austria, Switzerland and Italy in 1990.
Upon Bill Shoppell’s retirement in 1991, Mark Shapiro was appointed Artistic Director of MCC. A "summa cum laude" graduate of the Yale University Department of Music, Mark had recently returned from a seven-year residency in France. His leadership enabled MCC to tackle new challenges such as Verdi’s "Requiem," Orff’s "Carmina Burana" and Rachmaninoff’s "Vespers." The repertoire expanded to embrace languages and cultures from Spain to Denmark, along with a wealth of 20th-century American works. MCC also revived little-known gems of choral music, such as Mass settings by Dame Ethel Smyth, Vincent Persichetti, Roger Sessions and Anton Bruckner. The Smyth performance commemorated the centennial of the work's premiere in 1893.
MCC toured Eastern Europe in 1993, directed by Mark Shapiro, and Scandinavia in 1996, under the baton of then-Assistant Conductor Steven Russell. MCC recorded two CDs under Mark Shapiro’s direction, and performed at prestigious local venues including the New Jersey Performing Arts Center in Newark, the Great Auditorium in Ocean Grove, PNC Bank Arts Center in Holmdel, and St. Thomas Church in Manhattan. MCC also performed at community events such as the Belmar Winterfest, Holmdel 9/11 memorial dedication, Holmdel Arts Festival at Bayonet Farms,
and Prison Ships Martyrs Memorial Centennial Celebration in Fort Greene Park, Brooklyn.
Dr. Ryan Brandau was appointed Artistic Director beginning with the 2012-13 season, upon the departure of Dr. Mark Shapiro, who became the Music Director of the Cecilia Chorus of New York.
In recent years, MCC has increased its presentation of new music, including world and continental premieres, and performed innovative approaches to traditional music, such as musical portraits of famous historical figures. MCC received the ASCAP/Chorus America Alice Parker Award for the March 2007 world premiere of Jorge Martin’s concert opera "Stronger Than Darkness," an adaptation of his opera "Before Night Falls," based on the memoir by Cuban dissident Reinaldo Arenas.
Selected Repertoire.
Current Season.
The Chorus helps celebrate the 50th anniversary of the Monmouth Conservatory of Music with "Over There," a joint concert of English music written at the start of World War I. The evening is dedicated to the late Felix Molzer, past director of both the Conservatory and the Chorus. The concert is on Saturday, November 8, 2014, 4:00 pm at the First Presbyterian Church, 255 Harding Road (Tower Hill), Red Bank, New Jersey.
The holiday performance of "Messiah and More" is on Sunday, December 7, 2014, at 4:00 p.m. at the Count Basie Theatre, 99 Monmouth Street, Red Bank, New Jersey. The Christmas portion of Handel’s beloved oratorio will be featured, along with selections from the group’s new CD, "A Merry Little MCC Christmas," including Dr. Brandau's own arrangements of favorite carols.
Music in Hebrew and Latin will be heard in "A Joyful Noise," including Leonard Bernstein’s "Chichester Psalms," Zoltan Kodaly’s "Missa Brevis," and Eric Whitacre’s "Five Hebrew Love Songs." The concert is on Sunday, March 8, 2015, 4:00 pm, also at the First Presbyterian Church (Tower Hill).
Vespers settings by Claudio Monteverdi and Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart will be intermingled in "Vespers Fusion" on May 17, 2015, 4:00 pm at Our Lady Star of the Sea Church, 101 Chelsea Avenue, Long Branch, New Jersey. The Chorus will be accompanied by a Baroque orchestra of authentic period instruments.
Recent Seasons.
The 2013-14 season included the Christmas portion of Handel's "Messiah" with holiday favorites on December 8, 2013; "American Songbook" on March 9, 2014; and Rachmaninoff’s "Vespers" plus Lauridsen’s "Lux Aeterna" on May 16, 2014. The 2012-13 season featured the Christmas portion of Handel's "Messiah" plus the Vivaldi "Gloria" and holiday favorites on December 2, 2012; "I Have a Dream" on March 16, 2013, honoring the 50th anniversary of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.’s iconic speech and the 150th anniversary of the Emancipation Proclamation; and the Duruflé "Requiem" with Tarik O'Regan's "Triptych" on May 31, 2013.
Rare and Contemporary Music.
Rare and contemporary music performed by the chorus includes: 
Mark Adamo, "No. 10: The Supreme Virtue;"
Dominick Argento, "Peter Quince at the Clavier" and "Jonah and the Whale;"
Samuel Barber, "Prayers of Kierkegaard;"
Leoš Janáček, "Otcenas" (Our Father); 
Ulysses Kay, "Song of Jeremiah;"
Trond Kverno, "Missa in Sono Tubae" (Mass with the Sound of Brass);
Franz Liszt, "A Munka Hymnusza" (Workers' Chorus);
Zdenek Lukas, "Requiem;"
Kirke Mechem, "Las Americas Unidas" (The United Americas);
Peter Mennin, "Symphony No. 4, The Cycle;" 
Paul Moravec, "Songs of Love and War;" 
Carl Nielsen, "Springtime on Funen;" 
Vincent Persichetti, "Mass;"
Roger Sessions, "Mass;" 
Dame Ethel Smyth, "Mass in D;" and 
Igor Stravinsky, "Les Noces" (The Wedding).
Choral Classics.
A complete list of chorus performances from 1993 to the present can be found here. Among the choral classics performed by the chorus, are: 
J. S. Bach, "Christmas Oratorio, Magnificat, Mass in B Minor, St. Matthew Passion";
Beethoven, "Choral Fantasy, Mass in C, Missa Solemnis, Ninth Symphony, Ode to Joy";
Berlioz, "Requiem";
Bernstein, "Chichester Psalms";
Bloch, "Sacred Service";
Brahms, "Alto Rhapsody, German Requiem";
Bruckner, "Mass in E Minor, Mass in F Minor, Te Deum";
Dvořák, "Stabat Mater, Te Deum";
Fauré, "Cantique de Jean Racine, Requiem";
Handel, "Israel in Egypt, Judas Maccabeus, Messiah";
Haydn, "The Creation, Mass in D Minor Nelson Mass, Missa Cellensis, The Seasons";
Kodály, "Missa Brevis";
Mahler, "Symphony No. 8, 1st Movement";
Mendelssohn, "Elijah";
Mozart, "Coronation Mass, Grand Mass in C Minor, Missa Brevis Mass, Requiem, Te Deum, Solemn Vespers";
Orff, "Carmina Burana";
Poulenc, "Gloria, Mass in G, Stabat Mater";
Puccini, "Messa di Gloria";
Rachmaninoff, "Vespers Vigil";
Rossini, "Stabat Mater";
Rutter, "Requiem";
Schubert,"Mass in A Flat, Mass in E Flat, Mass in G";
Stravinsky, "Symphony of Psalms";
Vaughan Williams, "Dona Nobis Pacem, Hodie, Sea Symphony";
Verdi, "Four Sacred Pieces, Requiem";
Vivaldi, "Gloria";
Walton, "Belshazzar's Feast"; and many others.
Directors.
Dr. Ryan Brandau.
Artistic Director Ryan James Brandau has enjoyed leading a variety of choral and orchestral ensembles. Dr. Brandau returned to the east coast from California, where he was Artistic Director of the Santa Clara Chorale, Director of Choral Activities at Santa Clara University, and interim Artistic Director of Musae. With the Chorale and the choirs of SCU, he collaborated with the Symphony Silicon Valley. Prior to these appointments, he was Assistant Director of Choral Activities at Smith College in Northampton, MA; choirmaster of the highly acclaimed all-professional choir of Christ Church, New Haven, CT; and director of the Valley Voices, a chamber chorus in Massachusetts' Pioneer Valley. He has also worked with the United Girls Choir of North Haven and the Episcopal Church at Yale, served as principal assistant conductor of the Yale Camerata, and taught counterpoint and harmony in the music department at Yale College. As a professional singer, he has performed with ensembles in the US, Europe, and Asia, including the American Bach Soloists, the Arcadia Players, the Yale Schola Cantorum, and the Choir of Clare College, Cambridge. He remains active as a choral arranger, composer, and clinician, and his arrangements and compositions have been featured by choral ensembles throughout the US and Europe. Dr. Brandau is Artistic Director of Princeton Pro Musica, and works with the Symphonic Choir at Westminster Choir College of Rider University in Princeton.
Ryan received the Doctor of Musical Arts and Master of Musical Arts degrees from the Yale School of Music, where he studied conducting with Simon Carrington and Marguerite Brooks. Prior to pursuing graduate study in conducting, Ryan attended the University of Cambridge in the UK as a Gates Scholar, earning an MPhil in historical musicology. In Cambridge, he founded a women's chamber choir, Conspiratio, and sang with the choirs of Jesus, King's, and Clare Colleges. He received his B.A. in music, magna cum laude, from Princeton University.
Past Directors.
Conductor Emeritus Mark Shapiro is one of a handful of conductors in North America to have won a prestigious ASCAP/Chorus America Award four times. Shapiro enjoys working with orchestras, opera companies, and choruses. He is Artistic Director of Cantori New York and Music Director of the Cecilia Chorus of New York. Shapiro is principal guest conductor of the chamber orchestra Nova Sinfonia, in Halifax, and Music Director of the Prince Edward Island Symphony. Other engagements include the Cecilia Chorus of New York in Carnegie Hall, and a sold-out performance of music by Handel at the 5000-seat Roman amphitheater in Vaison-la-Romaine, France in 2010.
Opera credits include Underworld Opera, American Opera Projects, the Center for Contemporary Opera, Metro Lyric Opera, and two successful seasons with the Opera Company of Middlebury (VT). Recent New York City performance venues have included Juilliard Vocal Arts, Zankel Hall, Le Poisson Rouge, and the Rose Theater at Lincoln Center. Singers with whom Shapiro has worked include Sasha Cooke, Barbara Dever, Jennifer Zetlan, and many others. Shapiro has also been heard on PBS, conducting the soundtrack for Ric Burns' special on New York City, as well as on radio stations WQXR and WNYC.
Shapiro is on the faculties of the CW Post Campus of Long Island University and Mannes College the New School for Music. Each summer he directs the Conducting Program at the European American Musical Alliance in Paris, where he also teaches keyboard harmony and score reading. He was recently appointed to the advisory panel of a new national initiative, the Ann Stookey Fund for New Music.
William R. Shoppell, Jr. was supervisor of music for the five high schools of the Freehold Regional High School District and a music educator for 36 years. Twice selected to conduct both the All-Shore Chorus and the All-Shore Band, he is Conductor Emeritus of the Monmouth Civic Chorus, which he directed for more than 25 years. Shoppell led the Point Pleasant Presbyterian Church Chancel Choir and the Monmouth Civic Chorus in five successful overseas concert tours. He served as cantorial soloist at Monmouth Reform Temple, and as guest conductor and vocal and instrumental adjudicator in numerous settings throughout the state over many years. He also led the New Jersey Chamber Singers in two seasons of choral performances.
Felix Molzer was born in Vienna, Austria, and lived in Monmouth County, New Jersey for over 40 years prior to his death in 2005. A graduate of Vienna Music Academy with a master of science degree in music education from the University of Pennsylvania, Molzer conducted the Vienna Choir Boys’ first tour after World War II consisting of 100 concerts. He was awarded the Johann Strauss Medal of the city of Vienna and the title of professor by the state of Austria. Molzer founded the not-for-profit Monmouth Conservatory of Music in 1964 and continued as director until 1992. He published more than 1,000 arrangements and compositions, including three folk operas and three vocal orchestral scores for children’s choir, which were performed by the Philadelphia Philharmonic Orchestra. He co-founded the Composers Guild of New Jersey and was a charter member of the Monmouth County Arts Council Board of Trustees. He taught at Monmouth College and Hope College’s Vienna Summer School, conducted many community choirs and opera performances, and served as minister of music at the Church of the Holy Communion, Christ Church United Methodist and the Church of the Nativity, all in Fair Haven.
William Gordon Pagdin, known as Gordon, founded the Monmouth Civic Chorus, Monmouth Little Symphony (now the Monmouth Symphony Orchestra) and the Monmouth Arts Foundation (precursor of the Monmouth County Arts Council). He grew up with noted vocalists and conductors as a result of his father's career in concert, opera, and teaching in England and the United States. His father was also an organist and choir director. Aside from his musical avocation, Gordon worked for Ballantine Beer Company where he was an inventor and patent holder for conveyor mechanisms for bottles and cans.
Collaborations.
Guest Artists.
MCC has worked with numerous soloists, directors, composers and scholarship winners who have moved on to the world stage.
Vocal Recitals and Master Class.
MCC has presented benefit solo recitals by guest artists including Barbara Dever, Jo Ellen Miller, Jody Sheinbaum, Steven Tharp and Donita Volkwijn, as well as ensemble recitals performed by Chorus members. Tony winner Victoria Clark led a master class for musical theater singers to benefit MCC in 2009.
Recordings.
MCC has produced two recordings on CD: "An MCC Christmas," well-known holiday carols (sold out), and "Grace Notes," selections from choral classics. A new recording, "A Merry Little MCC Christmas," will be produced in 2014. Find out more and contribute towards the production expenses at http://www.monmouthcivicchorus.org
Community Outreach.
Scholarships.
The Chorus has offered scholarships to vocally talented New Jersey high school seniors since 1970. To date the Chorus has distributed more than $50,000 in scholarship awards. Scholarship auditions are held annually in the spring in Red Bank, by appointment only. Scholarship applicants must perform two contrasting selections from the standard vocal repertoire (opera, operetta, art songs, Gilbert and Sullivan, oratorio), with at least one selection in Italian, French or German. Visit http://www.monmouthcivicchorus.org/scholarship/scholarship.php to apply for an audition or contribute to the scholarship fund.
Community Performances.
Small groups of Chorus members perform holiday carols throughout the community in December, including regular gigs at the Sickles Market tree lighting in Little Silver and the Holiday Harmonies outdoor entertainment in Red Bank. MCC ensembles have also performed at local senior communities and at benefits for charitable causes, including an open sing of the Brahms Requiem to raise funds for World Trade Center disaster relief in September 2001. Every summer, MCC holds an open sing, inviting all singers in the community to sing with Chorus members.
Auditions.
Membership in the Monmouth Civic Chorus is open to adult singers and high school students who meet audition requirements. Experienced singers in all voice parts are welcome to schedule an audition appointment at any time throughout the season (September to June). Further information at http://www.monmouthcivicchorus.org/member.php
Organizational Structure.
MCC is a not-for-profit organization with no office and no paid administrative staff. All administrative aspects of running the chorus, from setting up and tearing down the stage to managing all the complexity of a large and diverse organization, are performed by volunteers. The elected board of directors, consisting largely of singing members, is responsible for developing and implementing the long-range plan, overseeing the group's fiscal health and grant compliance, responding to the needs of the director and members, and maintaining productive relationships with the audience and community. In addition to the President, Vice President, Secretary, Treasurer, and Registered Agent, board members chair the following standing committees:
MCC is funded in part by the Monmouth County Arts Council through funding from the Monmouth County Board of Chosen Freeholders, through the County Historical Commission, and the New Jersey State Council on the Arts/ Department of State, a Partner Agency of the National Endowment for the Arts. Additional funding is received from individual and corporate donors, foundation grants and matching gifts. MCC has an Endowment Fund as a permanent income source, and a Sostenuto Society for donors who have included the Chorus in their estate planning.
MCC is a member of Chorus America and the New Jersey Choral Consortium.

</doc>
<doc id="31104261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104261" title="Sublette, Colorado">
Sublette, Colorado

Sublette is a locale in Weld County, Colorado.

</doc>
<doc id="31104297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104297" title="Pia Pakarinen">
Pia Pakarinen

Pia Pakarinen (born October 5, 1990) is a Finnish beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Suomi 2011, the official representative of Finland to the 2011 Miss Universe pageant.
Early life.
Born in Juuka, Pakarinen spent her youth with her parents who live in a big, old school with one dog, cats and chickens. A self-described shy person, Pakarinen says she has become a more confident woman during her participation in Miss Suomi. 
In 2009, Pakarinen moved to Joensuu and enjoys cooking, exercising in the gym and outdoor activities. She dated professional footballer Niko Väyrynen for three years and in early 2012, her relationship with Niko ended in divorce.
Miss Suomi.
Pakarinen, who stands tall, competed as one of 10 finalists in her country's national beauty pageant, Miss Suomi, broadcast live by MTV3 on March 5, 2011, where she became the eventual winner of the title, gaining the right to represent Finland in the 2011 Miss Universe pageant, to be broadcast live from São Paulo, Brazil on September 12, 2011. Pakarinen resigned from the duties of Miss Suomi on national TV broadcast on September 16, 2011. This was due to differences of opinions with Finnartist Oy and especially Eino Makunen. Pakarinen felt she was left all alone and wasn't supported in a professional manner. After her decision Eino Makunen announced that the new Miss Suomi 2011 was Sara Sieppi.

</doc>
<doc id="31104317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104317" title="Lakeridge Health Corporation">
Lakeridge Health Corporation

Lakeridge Health, one of the largest community hospitals in Ontario, primarily serves the more than 600,000 residents of the Durham Region. On any given day, approximately 1,600 patients walk through the doors of a Lakeridge Health site. The needs of these patients are met by the expertise, energy and
commitment of approximately 4,000 staff and physicians along with nearly 1,200 volunteers. 
Lakeridge Health is composed of three acute hospitals with Emergency Departments (Lakeridge Health Bowmanville, Lakeridge Health Oshawa, Lakeridge Health Port Perry), one specialty hospital with a regional mandate (Lakeridge Health Whitby) and a variety of offsite locations. Lakeridge Health is part of the Central East Local Health Integration Network {CE LHIN}.
History.
After a recommendation from the Health Services Restructuring Commission in 1998, the Ontario amalgamated four Durham area hospitals: Memorial Hospital Bowmanville, North Durham Health Services (consisting of Community Memorial Hospital Port Perry and Uxbridge Cottage Hospital), Oshawa General Hospital and Whitby General Hospital – to create what is now known as Lakeridge Health. In January 2004, the Uxbridge site became aligned with Markham Stouffville Hospital.
In April 2011, Lakeridge Health launched a new strategic plan, consisting of a new mission, vision and values and eight key strategic directions. Lakeridge Health's new mission is "Excellence - every moment, every day."
Services.
Lakeridge Health offers primary, secondary, tertiary and post-acute care in inpatient and ambulatory
settings. Services differ at the acute hospital sites, from the predominantly General Practitioner (GP)-
based services at Lakeridge Health Port Perry to the very high acuity services provided at Lakeridge
Health Oshawa by physician specialists and interprofessional teams.
Services provided across Lakeridge Health are organized into eight clinical programs:
Emergency and Critical Care, Maternal Child, Medicine, Addictions & Mental Health, Post-Acute Specialty Services (PASS), Regional Cancer Services, Regional Nephrology System/Durham Region Diabetes Network, and Surgery.

</doc>
<doc id="31104375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104375" title="Montes Claros Airport">
Montes Claros Airport

Montes Claros/Mário Ribeiro Airport is the airport serving Montes Claros, Brazil.
It is operated by Infraero.
History.
The airport was inaugurated in 1939.
Since 1980 it is administrated by Infraero.
Access.
The airport is located from downtown Montes Claros.

</doc>
<doc id="31104390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104390" title="Countess Maria Louise Albertine of Leiningen-Falkenburg-Dagsburg">
Countess Maria Louise Albertine of Leiningen-Falkenburg-Dagsburg

Countess Maria Louise Albertine of Leiningen-Falkenburg-Dagsburg (16 March 1729 – 11 March 1818); also known as Princess George, was heiress to the barony of Broich and by marriage Princess of Hesse-Darmstadt. She was the grandmother and educator of Princess Louise of Mecklenburg-Strelitz, who later became Queen consort of Prussia.
Life.
Maria Louise Albertine was a daughter of Count Christian Karl Reinhard of Leiningen-Dachsburg-Falkenburg-Heidesheim (1695–1766) and his wife Countess Katharina Polyxena of Solms-Rödelheim (1702–1765). After the death of her father, she was heiress to the barony of Broich and began with the architect Nicolas de Pigage, the restoration and expansion of the Broich Castle. In 1806, the government of Broich was dissolved by Napoleon in 1815 and Broich was annexed by Prussia.
On 16 March 1748, She married Prince George William of Hesse-Darmstadt, the brother of the reigning Landgrave Louis IX of Hesse-Darmstadt in Heidesheim am Rhein. As Louis IX stayed almost exclusively in Pirmasens, she felt obliged, after the death of his wife in 1774, to represent the territory in the capital Darmstadt.
Her daughters Friederike and Charlotte were the first and second wives of Prince Charles II of Mecklenburg-Strelitz. They both died in childbirth. Charles then ended his service as governor-general in Hannover and moved with his children to his mother in Darmstadt. Princess George was a widow since 1782 and took over the education and care of Charles's children.
Charlotte did not move with her father to Darmstadt. At the age of 16, she had been married the Duke of Saxe-Hildburghausen. His father visited his two sons frequently and moved to Hildburghausen with his oldest daughter in 1787, after he became president of the local imperial debit commission. Thus, Maria Luise cared primarily for Louise and her sisters Therese and Frederica for whom she provided a secure and largely informal home in the "Old Palace" at the market square in Darmstadt. She employed regional educational methods.
In 1790 she traveled with Louise, Frederica and George to Frankfurt to see the coronation of Emperor Leopold II. She stayed here with Catharina Elisabeth Goethe. In 1791, she joined an educational trip to the Netherlands. In 1792 she fled for the advancing French army and took the children from Darmstadt to her granddaughter Charlotte in Hildburghausen, where she remained until March 1793. On the return trip to Darmstadt, she traveled via Frankfurt, where a meeting between Louise and her future husband Frederick William III of Prussia had been arranged. In 1793 she accompanied Louise and Frederica to their wedding in Berlin.
Maria Louise was described as a magnificent person, warm hearted, cheerful all the time and usually speaking the Palatinate dialect. The proximity and warmth she has as a surrogate mother during the formative years of her granddaughters passed on to them.

</doc>
<doc id="31104419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104419" title="Peoria County Board elections, 2004">
Peoria County Board elections, 2004

The Peoria County Board Election of 2004 determined, along with 9 members not up for re-election, the membership of the Peoria County Board. The Democratic Party retained its majority. Most seats were not contested.
Results.
The following are results by individual districts.
References.
<http://www.peoriacounty.org/elect_results/110204/official/cumulative4.html>
<http://www.peoriacounty.org/countyBoard/find>
<http://www.ci.peoria.il.us/index.php
module=resourcesmodule&action=view&id=916>

</doc>
<doc id="31104427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104427" title="Early life of L. Ron Hubbard">
Early life of L. Ron Hubbard

L. Ron Hubbard was the inventor of Dianetics and founder of Scientology. Born in Tilden, Nebraska in March 1911, Hubbard grew up with his family in Helena, Montana. He was unusually well-traveled for a young man of his time due to his father's frequent relocations in connection with his service in the United States Navy. He lived in a number of locations in the United States and traveled to Guam, the Philippines, China, and Japan. He enrolled at George Washington University in 1930 to study civil engineering, but dropped out in his second year. While at GWU, he organized an exhibition to the Caribbean for fellow students which looms large in his official biography but was a flop according to contemporary accounts. He subsequently spent time in Puerto Rico panning for gold, before returning to the United States, marrying his pregnant girlfriend, and embarking on a career as a "penny-a-word" writer.
The Church of Scientology depicts Hubbard in hagiographic terms and draws on his legacy as its ultimate source of doctrine and legitimacy. The Danish historian of religions Dorthe Refslund Christensen notes that many aspects of the official version of Hubbard's early life parallel more conventional religious narratives, notably the life of Jesus. Many details of Hubbard's early life remain disputed; critics of Scientology cast doubt on whether he had the educational and personal background claimed by the Church.
Family and ancestry.
Lafayette Ronald Hubbard was born on March 13, 1911, in Tilden, Nebraska. He was the only child of Harry Ross Hubbard, a former United States Navy sailor who worked as a newspaper employee at the time of his son's birth, and Ledora May Waterbury, a housewife who had originally trained as a teacher. L. Ron was named after his maternal grandfather, Lafayette "Lafe" O. Waterbury. After moving to Kalispell, Montana, the family settled in 1913 in the state capital, Helena. Hubbard's father worked as a manager and bookkeeper, first for a local theater and later for a coal company owned by his father-in-law. The elder Hubbard re-enlisted in the Navy when the United States entered World War I in April 1917, while his mother Ledora May worked as a clerk for the state government.
Some early Scientology biographies present a fictitious family heritage for Hubbard. According to an account published in the Church of Scientology's "Ability" magazine in 1959, Hubbard was "descended from Count de Loup who entered England with the Norman invasion and became the founder of the English de Wolfe family which emigrated to America in the 17th century. On his father's side, from the English Hubbards, who came to America in the 19th century." The story went that Count de Loup (or de Loupe) was a French courtier who saved the King of France from an attack by a wolf; the grateful monarch bestowed the title of Count de Loupe, which was eventually anglicized to "De Wolf", the name of Hubbard's maternal grandfather. No records exist to substantiate this story. Harry Ross Hubbard was an orphan, born Henry August Wilson in August 1886, who had been adopted by an Iowa farming couple by the name of Hubbard. The couple changed his given names to Harry Ross.
A biographical profile published by the Church of Scientology in 1973 states that the young Hubbard "spent many of his childhood years on a large cattle ranch in Montana" that was owned by his wealthy grandfather, Lafe Waterbury. According to Church accounts, Hubbard passed long days on the ranch "riding, breaking broncos, hunting coyote and taking his first steps as an explorer." Another Church biography describes his grandfather as a "wealthy Western cattleman" from whom Hubbard "inherited his fortune and family interests in America, Southern Africa, etc."
Contemporary records and Hubbard's relatives contradict this depiction. Hubbard's grandfather, Lafe Waterbury, briefly owned a plot of land covering 320 acres (0.5 mi2) near Kalispell, where he pastured horses and worked as a veterinarian. A local city directory for 1913 stated Waterbury's assets as a relatively modest $1,550. The Hubbards and Waterburys lived in a pair of townhouses, not a ranch, in the center of Helena, only two blocks from each other and not far from the Montana State Capitol. They also owned a small plot outside the city. Hubbard's aunt told the "Los Angeles Times" in 1990 that the family did not have a ranch, "just several acres (with) a barn on it. ... We had one cow (and) four or five horses."
Childhood.
Growing up.
Biographical accounts published by the Church of Scientology depict Hubbard as a child prodigy. He is portrayed as riding a horse before he was able to walk and able to read and write by the time he was four. According to a Scientology account, the young Hubbard lived in the rugged West, "horses at the age of three and a half" and facing dangers such as "escaping a pack of coyotes astride his mare named Nancy Hanks." He was said to have "considered until he was 10 years old that the handling of a rifle or hunting coyotes or trying to break broncos was more useful than school knowledge", and "[attempts to send him to school were seldom availing."
According to the Church publication "What is Scientology?", Hubbard was "reading and writing at an early age, and soon satisfying his insatiable curiosity with the works of Shakespeare, the Greek philosophers, and other classics." His mother Ledora is described as "a rarity in her time. A thoroughly educated woman, who had attended teacher's college prior to her marriage to Ron's father, she was aptly suited to tutor her young son." Christiansen comments that this presentation of the exceptional qualities of his mother is typical of hagiographies – such as the Virgin Mary – and forms a kind of after-the-event rationalization, in which qualities assigned to the subject are also attributed to the subject's mother. Presenting Ledora as "aptly suited" to educate her son suggests that she was, in effect, chosen to be his mother; she is not presented as responsible for stimulating her son's interest in the classics but was there simply to assist his development. (Indeed, as Christiansen notes, his parents do not have important roles in his official biography and are only significantly mentioned at the beginning of the story, where their respective professions are emphasized.)
Hubbard's official biographers also state that, during his childhood in Montana, he was befriended by "Old Tom", a medicine man from the Native American Blackfeet tribe. He is also purported to have become, at six years old, "one of the few whites ever admitted into Blackfoot society as a bona fide blood brother". This has been disputed by his unofficial biographers. Jon Atack notes that the Blackfoot reservation was over a hundred miles away from Helena. A "Los Angeles Times" investigation in 1990 reported that "Old Tom" was not listed in a 1907 register of the Blackfeet and that the tribe did not practice blood brotherhood. Although the Church of Scientology states that Hubbard was awarded blood brotherhood "in a ceremony that is still recalled by tribal elders", a Scientologist of fractional Blackfoot ancestry sought during the mid-1980s to prove that Hubbard had been a Blackfoot blood brother but was unsuccessful.
Boy Scouts and "Snake" Thompson.
During the 1920s, the Hubbards repeatedly relocated around the United States and overseas. Harry Hubbard rejoined the Navy as an enlisted man but was promoted to Ensign in October 1918 and Lieutenant in November 1919. His posting aboard the USS "Oklahoma" in 1921 required his wife and son to relocate to the ship's home ports, first San Diego, then Seattle. Hubbard joined the local Boy Scouts and later said that when he was 13, he became the "youngest Eagle Scout in the country". The Boy Scouts of America has said that, at the time, it did not keep a record of the ages of its Eagle Scouts, only an alphabetical list of those who had received the award. Journalist Michael Streeter comments that, in light of this, "it remains unclear just how Hubbard would have known he was its youngest member."
A Scientology biography states that Hubbard's achievement of Eagle Scout status was "an early indication that he did not plan to live an ordinary life." Christiansen notes that this passage implies that Hubbard consciously "planned" to live an extraordinary life, strengthening the underlying idea that from early childhood he worked towards the goals that led to Scientology. He was presented to President Calvin Coolidge in a ceremony that the Church of Scientology describes as Hubbard having "represented American Scouting at the White House", by which time "the thirteen-year-old L. Ron Hubbard had become a reasonably famous figure in fairly adventurous circles." Atack describes the event more prosaically as a meet-and-greet in which Hubbard was one of forty boys who spoke their names to the President and shook his hand. Another Scientology biography says that Hubbard became "the fast friend of the President's son, Calvin Coolidge, Jr., whose untimely death is probably responsible for L. Ron Hubbard's early interest in healing research." Atack deems this fictitious, as Calvin Coolidge, Jr. and Hubbard never crossed paths.
The Hubbards traveled to Washington, D.C. in 1923 aboard the USS "U.S. Grant", traveling from Seattle to Hampton Roads, Virginia, via the Panama Canal. During this trip, Hubbard reportedly received an education in Freudian psychology from Commander Joseph "Snake" Thompson, a U.S. Navy psychoanalyst and student of Sigmund Freud. According to the Church of Scientology, Thompson "took it upon himself to pass on the essentials of Freudian theory to his young friend." Hubbard later said that through Thompson's friendship, "I attended many lectures given at naval hospitals and generally became conversant with psychoanalysis as it had been exported from Austria by Freud." Another Scientology text states that Thompson spent "many an afternoon in the Library of Congress teaching L. Ron Hubbard what he of the human mind."
There is no independent confirmation of Hubbard's claims, though Thompson's existence has been proven. This encounter is used in Scientology's biographies as evidence that Hubbard was trained in a scientific approach to the mind, but found it unsatisfying. Christiansen notes that Dianetics was "very much inspired by Freudian theory". Hubbard's invocation of Thompson therefore serves to highlight his claimed knowledge of Freud's ideas, but also his exceptional maturity; as the official account has it, "Ron was also left with many unanswered questions" which prompted him to undertake further enquiries. This, in Christiansen's view, has strong parallels with the story of the child Jesus: "in particular, the emphasis on the clever child having different skills and qualities from those of boys of the same age", as displayed in incidents such as the twelve-year-old Jesus lecturing the scribes in the Temple of Jerusalem.
The following year, Harry Ross Hubbard was posted to Puget Sound Naval Shipyard at Bremerton, Washington. His son was enrolled at Union High School, Bremerton and later studied at Queen Anne High School in Seattle. In 1927, Hubbard's father was sent to the U.S. Naval Station in Guam. Although Hubbard's mother also went to Guam, Hubbard himself did not accompany them but was placed in his grandparents' care in Helena, Montana, to complete his schooling.
Travels in the Far East and Pacific.
First trip to Asia.
Between 1927 and 1929, Hubbard traveled to Japan, China, the Philippines, and Guam. "What is Scientology" and other Scientology texts present this era as a time when he sought, and was freely offered, ancient Eastern wisdom but found it lacking, as he had earlier with Western science. A biographical account in Hubbard's 1982 novel "Battlefield Earth" says that, "he worked... aboard a coastal trader which plied the seas between Japan and Java. He came to know old Shanghai, Beijing and the Western Hills at a time when few Westerners could enter China." He is said to have spent weeks questioning Buddhist lamas and watching them meditate. He also recounted meeting Old Mayo, supposedly the last Chinese magician in a line that stretched back to the Court of Kublai Khan. According to the Church of Scientology, these travels were funded by his "wealthy grandfather". Hubbard is described not as a tourist but as a gifted student, intensely curious for answers to human suffering and warmly received everywhere because he was perceived as special. He is purported to have faced many dangers in the company of "Major Ian Macbean of the British Secret Service", including an "encounter with Cantonese pirates, the engineering of a jungle road across Guam's denser corner, and the evening he decked an Italian swordsman named Giovinni. (Although not before he took a saber cut across the left cheek, and Macbean nearly lost a hand)."
Hubbard's unofficial biographers present a very different account of his Asian travels, drawing on his school records, his contemporary diaries, and his father's service record. Hubbard recorded two trips to the east coast of China in his diaries. The first was made in the company of his mother while traveling from the United States to Guam in 1927. It consisted of a brief stop-over in two Chinese ports before the pair transferred to a U.S. Navy transport, the USS "Gold Star", for the journey to Guam. Hubbard spent about six weeks on the island before returning to the United States. He used his diary to record his impressions of the places he visited, noting his unfavorable impression of the poverty and the appearance of the inhabitants of Japan and China, whom he described as "gooks", "lazy", and "ignorant". His second visit was a family holiday that took Hubbard and his parents to China via the Philippines in 1928. It is unclear whether he ever traveled to western China, Tibet, or India; Atack comments that Hubbard's only corroborated visit to India appears to have been a flight change at Calcutta in 1959.
On his return to the United States in September 1927, Hubbard enrolled at Helena High School, but earned poor grades. He abandoned school the following May and went back west to stay with his aunt and uncle in Seattle. In June, he traveled to Guam on a U.S. Navy transport, the USS "Henderson", to reunite with his parents. His mother took over his education in the hope of putting him forward for the entrance examination to the United States Naval Academy at Annapolis, Maryland.
Second trip to Asia.
A number of naval families, including Hubbard's, traveled from Guam to China aboard the "USS Gold Star" between October and December 1928. The ship visited Manila in the Philippines and traveled on to Qingdao (Tsingtao), from where Hubbard and his parents traveled inland to Beijing, before returning to the ship for transport to Shanghai and Hong Kong and finally back to Guam. The Church of Scientology presents a completely different version of this family holiday, stating that Hubbard "made his way deep into Manchuria's Western Hills and beyond – to break bread with Mongolian bandits, share campfires with Siberian shamans and befriend the last in the line of magicians from the court of Kublai Khan." According to Atack, these occurrences are not mentioned in the diary that Hubbard kept of his trip. Many years later, Hubbard said that "I was a harum-scarum kid; I wasn't thinking about deep philosophic problems."
As on his previous trip, Hubbard recorded his impressions in his diary. He remained unimpressed with China. After seeing Qingdao he wrote: "A Chinaman can not live up to a thing, he always drags it down." He characterized the sights of Beijing as "rubberneck stations" for tourists and described the palaces of the Forbidden City as "very trashy-looking" and "not worth mentioning". He visited a section of the Great Wall of China near Beijing, which did impress him, but his overall conclusion of the Chinese was very negative: "They smell of all the baths they didn't take. The trouble with China is, there are too many chinks here."
Back on Guam, Hubbard spent much of his time writing dozens of short stories and essays. He is said to have "befriendthe local Chamorros and [taught in the native schools", exploring "cliff-side caves to disabuse local villagers of a devil named Tadamona". Despite his mother's assistance with his education, he failed the Naval Academy entrance examination. His father's next posting took the family to Washington, D.C., where Hubbard was sent to study at the Swavely Preparatory School in Manassas, Virginia within the D.C. metropolitan area. The Hubbards returned to Helena, Montana for a short visit to Hubbard's grandparents in August 1929 before he enrolled at Swavely the following month.
Hubbard proved unable to enter the Naval Academy because he was found to be too near-sighted to meet the physical admission criteria. In February 1930 he enrolled at Woodward School for Boys in Washington, D.C. as a means of earning credits for admission to George Washington University, thereby avoiding the university's entrance examination, and successfully graduated in June. The following September, he entered George Washington University as a freshman.
While at Woodward, the 19-year-old Hubbard enlisted as a Private in the United States Marine Corps Reserve, stating his age as 21 and listing his profession as "photographer". He was promoted to First Sergeant only six weeks later, a development that Atack attributes to the fact that the unit he joined – the 20th Marine Corps Reserve – was actually a training unit connected with George Washington University. His character was rated "excellent" but on October 22, 1931 he was discharged with the notation, "Not to be re-enlisted." Despite his limited experience of the Marine Corps, he told readers of "Adventure" magazine in October 1935 that "I've known the Corps from Quantico to Peiping, from the South Pacific to the West Indies."
University career.
Nuclear physicist claims.
Hubbard's two-year career at George Washington University looms large in his own accounts and the biographies published by the Church of Scientology. George Malko comments in "",
Official biographical accounts of his life state that his "study of engineering, mathematics and nuclear physics laid the foundation for his later philosophical research." A profile in one of his books attributes "the mathematical precision of the Scientology Religion" to his studies. According to one Scientology account,
Hubbard's education in "atomic and molecular phenomena" is highlighted in many Scientology biographies. According to one, he was "a member of the first U.S. course in formal education in what is called today nuclear physics." A 1961 publication calls him "L. Ron Hubbard, C.E., Ph.D., a nuclear physicist ... educated in advanced physics and higher mathematics and also a student of Sigmund Freud and others, began his present researches thirty years ago at George Washington University." In 1959, another Scientology publication described him as "Doctor Hubbard, American nuclear physicist and leading world authority on the subject of life sources and mental energies and structures." He told Scientologists in later years that "Nearly all nuclear physicists – atomic and molecular phenomena boys – 'Buck Rogers Boys', we were known as ... Like so many physicists I wrote science fiction for years, and that was the only remunerative use I made of this material."
One account published by the Church of Scientology says that Hubbard theorized that "the world of subatomic particles might possibly provide a clue to the human thought process" and he was "concerned for the safety of the world, recognising that if man were to handle the atom sanely for the greatest benefit, he would first have to learn to handle himself." He enrolled on a nuclear physics course "to synthesise and test all knowledge for what was observable, workable and could truly help solve man's problems." Another profile calls him "a product of the atomic age" and describes how his classmates dreamed of unlocking the energy of the atom, while Hubbard himself sought to "discover the basic equations of life force, simply, to him, another kind of energy." Hubbard stated that he "set out to find out from nuclear physics a knowledge of the physical universe, something entirely lacking in Asian philosophy."
Other Scientology accounts present a different perspective. A 1959 biography describes Hubbard as "never noted for being in class" and says that he "thoroughly detest his subjects." He attributed his choice of course to his father, having "decreed that I should study engineering and mathematics and so I found myself obediently studying." In a 1953 lecture, he said that he was "forced into engineering, mathematics, majoring in nuclear physics – very antipathetic to me, but there was order and there was discipline ..." Christiansen comments that the claims made about Hubbard's expertise and scientific knowledge are crucial to Scientology's own self-image and legitimation. Hubbard is presented as "a man with an impressive amount of various theretical as well as practical personal competences and educational qualifications." Scientology traces its own origins to Hubbard's "scientific" methodology, which he is said to have learned while at university. Although Scientology positions itself as a religious belief, it nonetheless claims to be a true science, a "technology" capable of achieving precise and replicable results.
Academic record and extracurricular activities.
Hubbard's academic record, which came to light in the 1970s, revealed that he had been a student in George Washington University's School of Engineering and had majored in civil engineering. He attended the summer semester in 1931 and the fall and spring semesters in 1931–32. In September 1931, he was placed on probation and he failed to return for the fall 1932 semester. A Scientology account says that he "excellin but thoroughly detest[ed his subjects"; while the latter may have been true, the former certainly was not, as his grades were consistently poor. At the end of his first year, he received a D average grade, earning an A for physical education, B for English, C for mechanical engineering, D for general chemistry and Fs for German and calculus. During his second year, he enrolled in a class on atomic and molecular physics – the "nuclear physics" course cited in his official biographies – but earned an F grade. His other grades were also poor, ranging from a B for English to D in calculus and electrical and magnetic physics. He dropped out soon afterwards. Although Hubbard told "Look" magazine in 1950 that "I never took my degree," a biography published a few years later by the Church of Scientology's "Ability" magazine nonetheless identifies him as the holder of a "B. S. in Civil Engineering".
Hubbard was far more interested in extracurricular activities, particularly writing and participating in the university flying club. He wrote for the George Washington University student newspaper, "The University Hatchet", as a reporter for a few months in 1931. According to official biographies, "he earned his wings as a pioneering barnstormer at the dawn of American aviation" and became "a roving reporter for "Sportsman Pilot"" who "helped inspire a generation of pilots who would take America to world airpower." One account published by the Church of Scientology states that he was "recognized as one of the country's most outstanding pilots. With virtually no training time, he takes up powered flight and barnstorms throughout the Midwest." His pilot's license, however, records that he only qualified to fly gliders rather than powered aircraft.
According to the Church of Scientology, Hubbard's decision to drop out of university was not the result of educational failure on his part, but was instead because he found that "beyond a basic methodology, university offered nothing." Hubbard is said to have "decidthat formal study had nothing more to offer".
Expeditions.
Caribbean Motion Picture Expedition.
Hubbard's final semester at George Washington University saw him embark on what the Church of Scientology describes as a career as an "adventurer and explorer". In May 1932, he announced in "The University Hatchet" that he had organized an expedition to the Caribbean for "fifty young gentleman rovers" aboard the schooner "Doris Hamlin". The aims of the "Caribbean Motion Picture Expedition" were to explore and film the pirate "strongholds and bivouacs of the Spanish Main" and to "collect whatever one collects for exhibits in museums".
The expedition did not go according to plan after its departure from Baltimore on June 23, 1932. Ten of the "gentleman rovers" pulled out before the start and the ship was blown far off course by storms, making an unplanned first landfall at Bermuda. Eleven more members of the expedition quit while there, before the ship sailed on to its intended first port of call, Martinique. "En route", it was discovered that the ship's fresh water had all leaked away. More expedition members abandoned ship on arrival. As the expedition was critically short of money, the ship's owners ordered it to return to Baltimore, bringing to an end what the captain described as "the worst trip I ever made". Hubbard nonetheless presented the expedition as a success and blamed the captain for its travails: "the ship's dour Captain Garfield proved himself far less than a Captain Courageous, requiring Ron Hubbard's hand at both the helm and the charts."
The Church of Scientology states that a "National Museum" (it does not specify which one) acquired specimens collected by the expedition and the "New York Times" purchased some of its photographs. Hubbard's book "Mission into Time" states that the expedition's underwater films and specimens "provided the Hydrographic Office and the University of Michigan with invaluable data for the furtherance of their research." However, Hubbard's unofficial biographer Russell Miller reports that the "New York Times" "holdno photographs from the expedition, [has no evidence that it was ever intended to buy such photographs, nor indeed any indication that the newspaper was even aware of the expedition's existence," and that neither the U.S. Hydrographic Office nor the University of Michigan has any record of films or specimens from the expedition.
According to the Church of Scientology, "even some fifty years later, those who sailed with Mr. Hubbard in 1932 would still speak of that voyage as the one grand adventure in the twilight of their youth." Hubbard put it somewhat differently, writing in 1935 that the expedition "was a crazy idea at best, and I knew it, but I went ahead anyway, chartered a four-masted schooner and embarked with some fifty luckless souls who haven't stopped their cursings yet." He told "Look" magazine in 1950 that the Caribbean Motion Picture Expedition "was a two-bit expedition and financial bust, and I quit the ship at Puerto Rico in 1933." The collapse of the expedition led a number of its members to make legal claims against Hubbard for refunds.
Puerto Rican Mineralogical Expedition.
After leaving university, Hubbard is said to have carried out a further expedition to Puerto Rico. It is described by a 1959 biography as having been undertaken to "blow off steam by leading an expedition into Central America ". An account published in "Mission into Time" states "Conducting the West Indies Minerals Survey, he made the first complete mineralogical survey of Puerto Rico. This was pioneer exploration in the great tradition, opening up a predictable, accurate body of data for the benefit of others. Later, in other, less materialistic fields, this was to be his way many, many times over." The Church of Scientology claims that Hubbard's father "had long dreamed of augmenting his Lieutenant's pay with a mining venture and a bit of investment capital from like-minded officers" and dispatched Hubbard to the Puerto Rican hinterland where he "sluiced inland rivers and crisscrossed the island in search of elusive gold." While there, Hubbard "conducted much ethnological work amongst the interior villages and native hillsmen".
The expedition's existence has been questioned by Hubbard's unofficial biographers. Miller states that neither the United States Geological Survey nor the Puerto Rican Department of Natural Resources have records of any such expedition. Hubbard stayed on Puerto Rico from November 1932 to mid-February 1933. According to Miller, Hubbard went there for an entirely different purpose. Harry Ross Hubbard sent a letter to the Navy Department on October 13, 1932, in which he requested a passage for his son to San Juan to "place his services at the disposal of the American Red Cross in their relief work on that island." Three weeks earlier, Puerto Rico had been hit by the 1932 San Ciprian hurricane and suffered catastrophic damage. The storm killed 225 people, injured 3,000 more, and left over 100,000 people homeless. Hubbard traveled to the island aboard the USS "Kittery", arriving on November 4. It is unclear whether he contributed to the Red Cross relief effort, though in a 1957 lecture he said that he had been "a field executive with the American Red Cross in the Puerto Rico hurricane disaster."
At some point during his short stay on the island, he appears to have done some work for a Washington D.C. firm called West Indies Minerals Incorporated. A letter dated February 16, 1933 describes Hubbard as the company's "field representative" who accompanied the letter's author on a survey of a small property near the town of Luquillo, Puerto Rico. According to his own account, Hubbard spent much of his time prospecting unsuccessfully for gold. A photograph published in Hubbard's book "Mission into Time" shows him using a gold pan alongside the caption "Sluicing with crews on Corozal River '32" and an article in the August 18, 1933 "Washington Daily News" describes Hubbard as having "left here last year for Antilles, West Indies, in search of gold so that he might return and marry the girl he met shortly before his departure". In 1935, Hubbard wrote in "Adventure" magazine,
He married the girl in question, Margaret "Polly" Grubb, on April 13, 1933. Chronically short of money, he turned to full-time fiction writing to support himself and his new wife; six of his pieces were published commercially during 1932 to 1933 as he embarked on a literary career that made him a somewhat well-known figure in the world of pulp magazine fiction.
Significance for Scientology.
Hubbard's early life is accorded great significance by the Church of Scientology, which draws on his legacy as its ultimate source of doctrine and legitimacy. Dorthe Refslund Christensen comments:
Hubbard portrayed himself as a pioneering explorer, world traveler and nuclear physicist. By contrast, his critics have characterized him as a liar, charlatan, and madman. Many of his autobiographical statements have been proven to be fictitious. The Church's portrayal of Hubbard's life displays many standard features of hagiography, such as the emphasis on the continuity of the subject's life. Events are woven together in a seamless tapestry that culminates in the subject's achievement of his spiritual goals. They are presented as part of a "master plan" that gives meaning to the subject's life in the context of a belief system. By doing this, the belief system is legitimized and given an aspect of genuineness through stressing its originator's personal qualities.
Hubbard is therefore portrayed, as he put it himself, as a man who "knew exactly where I was going" from the age of three. He is presented as a person who constantly worked towards a single objective. Each event in his life is seen as a stepping stone along the way to the development of Dianetics and Scientology. He is cast as a singular and forward-thinking individual whose unique qualities and knowledge are essential prerequisites for his discoveries. As the Church puts it, "even in his early youth he exemplified a rare sense of purpose and dedication which, combined with his adventurous spirit, made him a living legend." The story of Hubbard's early life, as told by the Church, is closely related to Scientology's own self-image as a synthesis of Western scientific precision with Eastern philosophy. His claimed knowledge of these fields and practices underlines his claim to have founded a religion that combines the best of both to appeal to all people.

</doc>
<doc id="31104432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104432" title="Pavlos Geroulanos">
Pavlos Geroulanos

Pavlos Geroulanos (, born in 1966 in Athens, Greece) is a Greek politician for the Panhellenic Socialist Movement. He served as the Minister for Culture and Tourism of Greece from 2009 until 2012.
Life.
Pavlos Geroulanos was born in 1966 in Athens, Greece. He is the great-grandson of Georgios Streit who was Foreign Minister of Greece on the eve of World War I. 
Geroulanos graduated from Williams College in 1988 with highest honors with a degree in history. He played rugby with the Williams College Rugby Football club. In 1994 he received a Master’s Degree in Public Administration from the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University and an MBA from the MIT Sloan School of Management.
He worked as Financial Director for Photoelection Corporation, a subsidiary of Thermo Electron Corporation, from 1989 until 1992. In 1994 he took over the position of Chief Financial Officer of Kefalonia Fisheries and oversaw the restructuring of the company. From 2004 to 2006 he was a consultant for the Egon Zehnder International.
Pavlos Geroulanos began his political career in 1999, as an advisor to George Papandreou, then the Minister for Foreign Affairs, and as Secretary General for Greeks Abroad, a position that he held until 2004.
From 2006 to 2009 he was director of the Papandreou's party political bureau, in the latter's capacity as president of the Panhellenic Socialist Movement. Prior to the national elections of 2009, Geroulanos was appointed as PASOK's Secretary for Communications, acting as campaign manager for the European election campaign as well as the national election campaign of 2009.
After PASOK's electoral victory in October 2009, Pavlos Geroulanos was appointed as the Minister for Culture and Tourism.
The robbery at the Archaeological Museum of the history of the Ancient Olympic Games on the 17th of February, 2012, resulted in Culture Minister Pavlos Geroulanos' resignation. His resignation was not accepted.

</doc>
<doc id="31104438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104438" title="K-tree">
K-tree

In graph theory, a "k"-tree is a chordal graph all of whose maximal cliques are the same size "k" + 1 and all of whose minimal clique separators are also all the same size "k".
The "k"-trees are exactly the maximal graphs with a given treewidth, graphs to which no more edges can be added without increasing their treewidth. The graphs that have treewidth at most "k" are exactly the subgraphs of "k"-trees, and for this reason they are called partial "k"-trees.
Every "k"-tree may be formed by starting with a ("k" + 1)-vertex complete graph and then repeatedly adding vertices in such a way that each added vertex has exactly "k" neighbors that form a clique.
Certain "k"-trees with "k" ≥ 3 are also the graphs formed by the edges and vertices of stacked polytopes, polytopes formed by starting from a simplex and then repeatedly gluing simplices onto the faces of the polytope; this gluing process mimics the construction of "k"-trees by adding vertices to a clique. Every stacked polytope forms a "k"-tree in this way, but not every "k"-tree comes from a stacked polytope: a "k"-tree is the graph of a stacked polytope if and only if no three ("k" + 1)-vertex cliques have "k" vertices in common.
1-trees are the same as unrooted trees. 2-trees are maximal series-parallel graphs, and include also the maximal outerplanar graphs. Planar 3-trees are also known as Apollonian networks.

</doc>
<doc id="31104443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104443" title="Drach">
Drach

Drach is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31104452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104452" title="Abdihakim Mohamoud Haji-Faqi">
Abdihakim Mohamoud Haji-Faqi

Abdihakim Mohamoud Haji-Faqi (, ), also spelled Abdulhakim Mahamud Fiqi, is a Somali diplomat and politician. He twice served as the Minister of Defence of Somalia.
Personal life.
Haji-Faqi hails from the Bay region in southern Somalia. He belongs to the Rahanweyn clan.
He was previously a diplomat in Canada.
Career.
On 12 November 2010, Haji-Faqi was appointed Minister of Defence of Somalia. He was also serving as one of several national Deputy Prime Ministers. His term as Defence Minister came to an end on 20 July 2011.
On 4 November 2012, Haji-Faqi was appointed Minister of Defence for a second time by the new Prime Minister, Abdi Farah Shirdon.
Among his first initiatives in office, Haji-Faqi led negotiations helping to secure the Arab League's support for the Somali federal government's campaign to end the longstanding arms embargo on Somalia. The blockade was eventually lifted on 6 March 2013, following the United Nations Security Council's unanimous adoption of Resolution 2093.
Haji-Faqi's second term as Minister of Defence ended on 17 January 2014, when new Prime Minister Abdiweli Sheikh Ahmed appointed Mohamed Sheikh Hassan as his successor.

</doc>
<doc id="31104457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104457" title="Varsity Pictures">
Varsity Pictures

Varsity Pictures is an American film and television production company founded in 2007 by Sharla Sumpter Bridgett and Brian Robbins,but Bankrupt in 2012. It produced "Sonny with a Chance", "So Random!", "Blue Mountain State", "Supah Ninjas", and '. It also produced ', "Playing with Guns", "", and "A Thousand Words".

</doc>
<doc id="31104462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104462" title="Gerard Deulofeu">
Gerard Deulofeu

Gerard Deulofeu Lázaro (born 13 March 1994) is a Spanish footballer who plays for FC Barcelona as a forward or winger.
He started his career with Barcelona, first appearing with the first team at the age of 17, and was loaned to Everton in the Premier League in the 2013–14 season.
Deulofeu is also a Spanish youth international, having represented the country over 60 times at U-16, U-17, U-19, U-20, and U-21 levels, being named the UEFA Under-19 Championship Golden Player in 2012. In 2014, he made his debut with the full side.
Club career.
Barcelona.
Born in Riudarenes, Girona, Catalonia, Deulofeu joined FC Barcelona's youth academy in 2003 at the age of nine. In 2005, he was promoted to the U-13 team. On 2 March 2011, still registered with the junior team, he made his senior debut, appearing for the B-team in a 4–1 away win against Córdoba CF in Segunda División by coming on as a substitute for Eduard Oriol in the 75th minute.
In late April 2011 Deulofeu was called up to the senior squad for the first time, for a La Liga match against Real Sociedad on the 29th, but did not leave the bench in a 1–2 away loss. On 3 August he made his Barcelona first-team debut, in a 1–4 friendly loss against C.D. Guadalajara; three days later, against Club América, he assisted Seydou Keita in the 90th minute of a 2–0 win.
On 16 September 2012 Deulofeu scored his first goal as a senior, in a 1–2 loss at Hércules CF. On 29 October he made his first official appearance with the main squad, replacing Cesc Fàbregas in the 63rd minute of a 5–0 league home success against RCD Mallorca.
Deulofeu scored 18 goals for the B's in the 2012–13 season, joint-fourth in the second level competition. On 15 May 2013 he signed a professional contract with the "Blaugrana "first team, running until June 2017.
Everton.
On 10 July 2013, Premier League side Everton signed Deulofeu on a season-long loan. The "Liverpool Echo" also reported that any loan fee would be waived if he made appearances in more than 50% of his new club's games. He scored on his debut for his new club, a 2–1 home win over Stevenage in the second round of the Football League Cup on 29 August.
On 30 November, Deulofeu scored his first league goal for the Toffees, netting the opener in a 4–0 home success against Stoke City. His second came eight days later, through an 85th-minute strike at Arsenal to earn a 1–1 draw.
On 14 December 2013, Deulofeu suffered a hamstring injury during Everton’s 4–1 victory over Fulham, which sidelined him for five weeks. He scored his third and last goal on 15 March of the following year, netting the opener in a 2–1 home win over Cardiff City. He helped his team to record its best ever Premier League points tally of 72 to finish fifth and, at the end of the campaign, Barcelona confirmed that he would not be returning for a second loan spell as he had been promoted to their first-team squad; he wrote an open letter thanking the staff, players and fans for their support during his stay.
International career.
Deulofeu played for the Spanish under-17 team from 2009 to 2011, helping them finish runner-up at the 2010 UEFA European Championship. In the latter year he was selected to the under-19s, winning two consecutive European Championships and being selected best player in the 2012 edition.
Deulofeu was selected for the senior side for the first time on 30 May 2014, as part of a 19-man squad to play a friendly against Bolivia, being given the number 7. He played the last ten minutes of the 2–0 win in Seville as a substitute for Pedro but, the following day, was not included in the squad for the 2014 FIFA World Cup.
Style of play.
According to the "Daily Mirror", Deulofeu's style of play is comparable to that of Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo, due to a shared direct approach. In January 2014, he was named by "The Guardian" as one of the ten most promising young players in Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="31104468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104468" title="AYD">
AYD

AYD may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31104477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104477" title="Partial k-tree">
Partial k-tree

In graph theory, a partial "k"-tree is a type of graph, defined either as a subgraph of a "k"-tree or as a graph with treewidth at most "k". Many NP-hard combinatorial problems on graphs are solvable in polynomial time when restricted to the partial "k"-trees, for bounded values of "k".
Graph minors.
For any fixed constant "k", the partial "k"-trees are closed under the operation of graph minors, and therefore, by the Robertson–Seymour theorem, this family can be characterized in terms of a finite set of forbidden minors. The partial 1-trees are exactly the forests, and their single forbidden minor is a triangle.
For the partial 2-trees the single forbidden minor is the complete graph on four vertices. However, the number of forbidden minors increases for larger values of "k". For partial 3-trees there are four forbidden minors: the complete graph on five vertices, the octahedral graph with six vertices, the eight-vertex Wagner graph, and the pentagonal prism with ten vertices.
Dynamic programming.
Many algorithmic problems that are NP-complete for arbitrary graphs may be solved efficiently for partial "k"-trees by dynamic programming, using the tree decompositions of these graphs.
Related families of graphs.
If a family of graphs has bounded treewidth, then it is a subfamily of the partial "k"-trees, where "k" is the bound on the treewidth.
Families of graphs with this property include the cactus graphs, pseudoforests, series-parallel graphs, outerplanar graphs, Halin graphs, and Apollonian networks. For instance, the series-parallel graphs are a subfamily of the partial 2-trees, and more strongly a graph is a partial 2-tree if and only if each of its biconnected components is series-parallel.
The control flow graphs arising in the compilation of structured programs also have bounded treewidth, which allows certain tasks such as register allocation to be performed efficiently on them.

</doc>
<doc id="31104534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104534" title="Whangarei County">
Whangarei County

Whangarei County was one of the counties of New Zealand in the North Island.

</doc>
<doc id="31104535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104535" title="Harriett Stanley">
Harriett Stanley

Harriett L. Stanley (born March 30, 1950 in Arlington, Virginia) is an American politician who represented the 2nd Essex district in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1995 to 2013.
An investment banker and professor, Stanley was first elected to the House in 1994 in a defeat of Republican incumbent Thomas Palumbo.
She was named to the House Ways and Means Committee in her first term and later served as the chair of the House Health Care Committee from 2001-2003. She is a current member of the House Committee on Bonding, Capital Expenditures and State Assets, House Committee on Global Warming and Climate Change, House Committee on Post Audit and Oversight, and the Joint Committee on Revenue.
Stanley is the Massachusetts co-chairman of the American Legislative Exchange Council. 
She did not seek re-election in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="31104549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104549" title="Norfolk and Suffolk Aviation Museum">
Norfolk and Suffolk Aviation Museum

The Norfolk and Suffolk Aviation Museum is a museum collection of aircraft and aviation-related artefacts, located near the former RAF Bungay airfield on the outskirts of Flixton, in the United Kingdom.
Details.
First established in 1972 as the Norfolk and Suffolk Aviation Society, the museum houses a varied array of over 60 complete or partial aircraft, including rarities such as the only complete de Havilland Sea Vixen FAW.1 in private ownership, a flyable replica of the Colditz Cock escape glider, and an FMA IA 58 Pucará that was captured by British forces during the Falklands War. In addition to the aircraft displayed, the museum also houses thematic collections devoted to subjects including the Royal Observer Corps, RAF Bomber Command, air-sea rescue and RAF Coastal Command.
As well as preserving its existing collections, the museum and its members are actively involved in the exploration and study of aircraft crash sites – termed "wreckology" – in East Anglia. The museum charges no entrance fee and is entirely funded by public donations, corporate sponsorship, and local and European government grants. It employs only one full-time member of staff, with day to day maintenance and running of the museum falling largely on the shoulders of a team of volunteers.

</doc>
<doc id="31104560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104560" title="List of mountains in Poland">
List of mountains in Poland

The Sudeten and Carpathian mountain ranges are located on either side of Poland's southern border. Within Poland, neither of these ranges is forbidding enough to prevent substantial habitation; the Carpathians are especially densely populated. The rugged form of the Sudeten range derives from the geological shifts that formed the later Carpathian uplift. The Carpathians in Poland, formed as a discrete topographical unit in the relatively recent Tertiary Era, are the highest mountains in the country. They are the northernmost edge of a much larger range that extends into the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Ukraine, Hungary, and Romania. 
The Świętokrzyskie Mountains, one of the oldest mountain ranges in Europe, are located in central Poland, in the vicinity of the city of Kielce. The mountain range consists of a number of separate ranges, the highest of which is Łysogóry (lit. "bald mountains"). Together with the Jura Krakowsko-Częstochowska the mountains form a region called the Lesser Poland Upland ("Wyżyna Małopolska"). They were formed during the Caledonian orogeny of the Silurian period and then rejuvenated in the Hercynian orogeny of the Upper Carboniferous period.
The most known and significant mountain in Poland are the Tatra Mountains which attract many tourists not only from Poland but from around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="31104582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104582" title="Kestenbaum">
Kestenbaum

Kestenbaum is a German surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31104606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104606" title="Ellery Huntington, Sr.">
Ellery Huntington, Sr.

Ellery Channing "Doc" Huntington (June 18, 1865 – September 18, 1945) was an American college athletics coach, administrator, and professor. He served as the Director of Physical Education and Athletics at Colgate University from 1900 until his retirement in 1935. Huntington was also the head basketball coach at Colgate from 1900 to 1913, compiling a record of 104–74.
Huntington was born on a farm in Wisconsin. He graduated from Amherst College in 1888 and earned a master's degree from the University of Nashville in 1900. His son, Ellery Huntington, Jr., was an All-American quarterback and football coach at Colgate. Huntington died on September 18, 1945 at the age of 80 after suffering a heart attack at his home in Hamilton, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="31104607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104607" title="Jeon Min-seo">
Jeon Min-seo

Jeon Min-seo (born May 20, 2003) is a South Korean actress. She began her career as a child actress, notably in the television dramas "Good Job, Good Job" and "The Prime Minister and I".

</doc>
<doc id="31104610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104610" title="Apollonian network">
Apollonian network

In combinatorial mathematics, an Apollonian network is an undirected graph formed by a process of recursively subdividing a triangle into three smaller triangles. Apollonian networks may equivalently be defined as the planar 3-trees, the maximal planar chordal graphs, the uniquely 4-colorable planar graphs, and the graphs of stacked polytopes. They are named after Apollonius of Perga, who studied a related circle-packing construction.
Definition.
An Apollonian network may be formed, starting from a single triangle embedded in the Euclidean plane, by repeatedly selecting a triangular face of the embedding, adding a new vertex inside the face, and connecting the new vertex to each vertex of the face containing it. In this way, the triangle containing the new vertex is subdivided into three smaller triangles, which may in turn be subdivided in the same way.
Examples.
The complete graphs on three and four vertices, and , are both Apollonian networks. is formed by starting with a triangle and not performing any subdivisions, while is formed by making a single subdivision before stopping.
The Goldner–Harary graph is an Apollonian network that forms the smallest non-Hamiltonian maximal planar graph. Another more complicated Apollonian network was used by to provide an example of a 1-tough non-Hamiltonian maximal planar graph.
Graph-theoretic characterizations.
Apollonian networks are examples of maximal planar graphs, graphs to which no additional edges can be added without destroying planarity, or equivalently graphs that can be drawn in the plane so that every face (including the outer face) is a triangle. They are also chordal graphs, graphs in which every cycle of four or more vertices has a diagonal edge connecting two non-consecutive cycle vertices, and the order in which vertices are added in the subdivision process that forms an Apollonian network is an elimination ordering as a chordal graph. This forms an alternative characterization of the Apollonian networks: they are exactly the chordal maximal planar graphs or equivalently the chordal polyhedral graphs. In an Apollonian network, every maximal clique is a complete graph on four vertices, formed by choosing any vertex and its three earlier neighbors. Every minimal clique separator (a clique that partitions the graph into two disconnected subgraphs) is one of the subdivided triangles. A chordal graph in which all maximal cliques and all minimal clique separators have the same size is a -tree, and Apollonian networks are examples of 3-trees. Not every 3-tree is planar, but the planar 3-trees are exactly the Apollonian networks.
Every Apollonian network is also a uniquely 4-colorable graph: because it is a planar graph, the four color theorem implies that it has a graph coloring with only four colors, but once the three colors of the initial triangle are selected, there is only one possible choice for the color of each successive vertex, so up to permutation of the set of colors it has exactly one 4-coloring. It is more difficult to prove, but also true, that every uniquely 4-colorable planar graph is an Apollonian network. Therefore, Apollonian networks may also be characterized as the uniquely 4-colorable planar graphs. Apollonian networks also provide examples of planar graphs having as few -colorings as possible for . The Apollonian networks are also exactly the maximal planar graphs that (once an exterior face is fixed) have a unique Schnyder wood, a partition of the edges of the graph into three interleaved trees rooted at the three vertices of the exterior face.
The Apollonian networks do not form a family of graphs that is closed under the operation of taking graph minors, as removing edges but not vertices from an Apollonian network produces a graph that is not an Apollonian network. However, the planar partial 3-trees, subgraphs of Apollonian networks, are minor-closed. Therefore, according to the Robertson–Seymour theorem, they can be characterized by a finite number of forbidden minors. The minimal forbidden minors for the planar partial 3-trees are the four minimal graphs among the forbidden minors for the planar graphs and the partial 3-trees: the complete graph , the complete bipartite graph , the graph of the octahedron, and the graph of the pentagonal prism. The Apollonian graphs are the maximal graphs that do not have any of these four graphs as a minor. A Y-Δ transform, an operation that replaces a degree-three vertex in a graph by a triangle connecting its neighbors, is sufficient (together with the removal of parallel edges) to reduce any Apollonian network to a single triangle, and more generally the planar graphs that can be reduced to a single edge by Y-Δ transforms, removal of parallel edges, removal of degree-one vertices, and compression of degree-two vertices are exactly the planar partial 3-trees. The dual graphs of the planar partial 3-trees form another minor-closed graph family and are exactly the planar graphs that can be reduced to a single edge by Δ-Y transforms, removal of parallel edges, removal of degree-one vertices, and compression of degree-two vertices.
In every subgraph of an Apollonian network, the most recently added vertex has degree at most three, so Apollonian networks have degeneracy three. The order in which the vertices are added to create the network is therefore a degeneracy ordering, and the Apollonian networks coincide with the 3-degenerate maximal planar graphs.
Another characterization of the Apollonian networks involves their connectivity. Any maximal planar graph may be decomposed into 4-vertex-connected maximal planar subgraphs by splitting it along its separating triangles (triangles that are not faces of the graph): given any non-facial triangle: one can form two smaller maximal planar graphs, one consisting of the part inside the triangle and the other consisting of the part outside the triangle. The maximal planar graphs without separating triangles that may be formed by repeated splits of this type are sometimes called blocks, although that name has also been used for the biconnected components of a graph that is not itself biconnected. An Apollonian network is a maximal planar graph in which all of the blocks are isomorphic to the complete graph . In extremal graph theory, Apollonian networks are also exactly the -vertex planar graphs in which the number of blocks achieves its maximum, , and the planar graphs in which the number of triangles achieves its maximum, . Since each subgraph of a planar graph must be a block, these are also the planar graphs in which the number of subgraphs achieves its maximum, , and the graphs in which the number of cliques of any type achieves its maximum, .
Construction from circle packings.
Apollonian networks are named after Apollonius of Perga, who studied the Problem of Apollonius of constructing a circle tangent to three other circles; one method of constructing Apollonian networks is to start with three mutually-tangent circles and then repeatedly inscribe another circle within the gap formed by three previously-drawn circles. The graph that has one vertex for each circle constructed in this way, and an edge for each pair of tangent circles, is an Apollonian network. The existence of a set of tangent circles whose tangencies represent a given Apollonian network forms a simple instance of the Koebe–Andreev–Thurston circle-packing theorem, which states that any planar graph can be represented by tangent circles in the same way.
Other geometric realizations.
Apollonian networks are planar 3-connected graphs and therefore, by Steinitz's theorem, can always be represented as the graphs of convex polyhedra. The convex polyhedron representing an Apollonian network is s a 3-dimensional stacked polytope. Such a polytope can be obtained from a tetrahedron by repeatedly gluing additional tetrahedra one at a time onto its triangular faces. Therefore, Apollonian networks may also be defined as the graphs of stacked 3d polytopes. It is possible to find a representation of any Apollonian network as convex 3d polyhedron in which all of the coordinates are integers of polynomial size, better than what is known for other planar graphs.
The recursive subdivision of triangles into three smaller triangles was investigated as an image segmentation technique in computer vision by ; in this context, they called it the ternary scalene triangle decomposition. They observed that, by placing each new vertex at the centroid of its enclosing triangle, the triangulation could be chosen in such a way that all triangles have equal areas, although they do not all have the same shape. More generally,
Apollonian networks may be drawn in the plane with any prescribed area in each face; if the areas are rational numbers, so are all of the vertex coordinates.
It is also possible to carry out the process of subdividing a triangle to form an Apollonian network in such a way that, at every step, the edge lengths are rational numbers; it is an open problem whether every planar graph has a drawing with this property. It is possible in polynomial time to find a drawing of a planar 3-tree with integer coordinates minimizing the area of the bounding box of the drawing, and to test whether a given planar 3-tree may be drawn with its vertices on a given set of points.
History.
The combinatorial enumeration problem of counting Apollonian triangulations was studied by , who showed that they have the simple generating function described by the equation . Takeo also claimed erroneously that all such networks have Hamiltonian cycles; the Goldner–Harary graph provides a counterexample. If an Apollonian network has toughness greater than one (meaning that removing any set of vertices from the graph leaves a smaller number of connected components than the number of removed vertices) then it necessarily has a Hamiltonian cycle, but there exist non-Hamiltonian Apollonian networks whose toughness is equal to one.
Geometric structures closely related to Apollonian networks have been studied in polyhedral combinatorics since at least the early 1960s, when they were used by to describe graphs that can be realized as the graph of a polytope in only one way, without dimensional or combinatorial ambiguities, and by to find simplicial polytopes with no long paths. In graph theory, the close connection between planarity and treewidth goes back to , who showed that every minor-closed family of graphs either has bounded treewidth or contains all of the planar graphs. Planar 3-trees, as a class of graphs, were explicitly considered by , , , and many authors since them.
The name "Apollonian network" was given by to the networks they studied in which the level of subdivision of triangles is uniform across the network; these networks correspond geometrically to a type of stacked polyhedron called a Kleetope. Other authors applied the same name more broadly to planar 3-trees in their work generalizing the model of Andrade et al. to random Apollonian networks. The triangulations generated in this way have also been named "stacked triangulations" or "stack-triangulations".

</doc>
<doc id="31104617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104617" title="Kassebaum">
Kassebaum

Kassebaum is surname of:

</doc>
<doc id="31104623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104623" title="Channel email">
Channel email

Channel email, unlike filters, lists, and challenges, doesn’t target spammers but treats everyone the same. Its design enables polite conversation, which naturally combats spam.
Conversational requirements.
On a technical level e-mail is asynchronous messaging, but on a human level it’s a conversation, with all that implies.
A sociotechnical design would share communication rights by ensuring that:
Conversation protocol.
Channel e-mail supports these requirements by creating a channel entity above any messages sent. Instead of managing messages users manage channels, each a conversation of many messages. A channel created by mutual consent grants parties the right to freely exchange messages, as in current e-mail. If no channel is open, users must negotiate one by channel request “pings”—small messages containing permissions. Opening a channel is a separate step from sending a message, like the handshaking before face-to-face conversations, or that of synchronous communication. This handshaking can be automated, so users just send messages while underneath the computer manages the permissions. Instead of the current “send and forget” one-step protocol, channel e-mail is multistep:
Step 3 messages use the permissions of steps 1 and 2 to avoid further channel requests. Channels are defined by participants, not message topic, content, or attachments.
Channel control isn’t just the right to tediously reject emails one by one, but the right to close a channel entirely, including any future messages from that source.
Channel e-mail classifies channels into
The default would be “Accept all,” as it’s closest to the current state. While most list approaches are centralized, channel e-mail devolves communication control to users.
As well as being protected by ISP blacklists, channel e-mail gives users their own accept/reject lists.
List maintenance, a problem for centralized lists, occurs automatically by normal use in channel e-mail—any sent message opens a channel, and any rejected message closes the channel. Also, while ISPs need consensus to change their lists, individual users can open or close channels directly.

</doc>
<doc id="31104628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104628" title="Winter, Again (song)">
Winter, Again (song)

"Winter, Again" is the 16th single by Japanese band Glay. It reached #1 on the weekly Oricon charts and sold 1,638,120 copies in 1999, becoming the #2 single of the year. It charted for 18 weeks and sold a total of 1,642,530 copies, becoming Glay's best selling single. The title song was used as the East Japan Railway "SKI SKI" CM song. 
Covers by other musicians.
Glay's song "Winter, Again" was covered by 12012 on the compilation "Crush! -90's V-Rock Best Hit Cover Songs-". The album was released on January 26, 2011 and features current visual kei bands covering songs from bands that were important to the '90s visual kei movement.

</doc>
<doc id="31104640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104640" title="Grady Public Schools">
Grady Public Schools

Grady Public Schools was a school district with its headquarters in Grady, Arkansas. Its territory is now within the Star City School District.
History.
In 2004 the Arkansas Legislature approved a law that forced school districts with fewer than 350 students apiece to consolidate with other districts. In May 2004 the Arkansas Board of Education rejected a voluntary proposal to consolidate the Grady school district with the Gould School District, because both school districts were majority African American and the merger would have violated federal desegregation laws. One week later, the board voted unanimously to merge Grady into the Star City School District. On July 1, 2004, the Grady School District was merged into the Star City district.
Schools.
In 1998 the district included an elementary school, a middle school, and a high school. In 2003 the school district had two schools, Grady Elementary School and Grady High School.

</doc>
<doc id="31104667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104667" title="Empire United Railways">
Empire United Railways

The Empire United Railways was an interurban rail that was owned by Clifford D. Beebe of Syracuse, New York. The "Beebe Syndicate" controlled interurbans that ran from Rochester to Syracuse, to Auburn to Oswego on Lake Ontario. 
The road was established in 1912 after the Auburn and Northern Railroad and the Rochester, Syracuse and Eastern Rapid Railroad consolidated. A year later, in 1913, Syracuse, Lake Shore and Northern Railroad was merged into the company. 
The line had an "electric parlor car" named "Syracuse" in 1912 that made runs between Syracuse and Rochester. 
The company was consolidated into the Empire State Railway in 1917.
History.
Between 1912 and 1916, three of Beebe's properties were consolidated into the Empire United Railways, but for most of their histories they were independently operated under the control of officers affiliated with Beebe. The interurbans of the "Beebe Syndicate" that were consolidated were the Rochester, Syracuse and Eastern Rapid Railroad, Auburn and Northern Railroad and the Syracuse, Lake Shore and Northern Railroad.
Labor union.
During June 1916, an agreement with the Amalgamated Association of Street and Electrical Railway Employees was offered to workers from Empire United lines as well as Syracuse and South Bay Railway, Auburn and Syracuse Electric Railroad and the Syracuse, Lake Shore and Northern Railroad. Additionally, the Fulton city lines and Oswego city lines were included in the agreement. Attending the conference were H. J. Barrette and Burton Sampson of the Auburn line, Patrick Long and Willis Pickard of the South Bay road and John Manning and Arthur Hubbell of the Lake Shore road.
Empire State railway.
The company was consolidated into the Empire State Railway in 1917.
Gallery.
"Main gallery of images: :Commons:Railroad in Syracuse, New York"

</doc>
<doc id="31104670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104670" title="Blackstrap Lake">
Blackstrap Lake

Blackstrap Lake is a man-made lake in central Saskatchewan, Canada, south of Saskatoon in the rural municipality of Dundurn No. 314. The lake was created as a reservoir in 1967 as part of the Saskatoon South East Water Supply System. Blackstrap Lake has an area of (14.4 km x 0.8-1.2 km at a depth of 5.14 m) and is used to support irrigation, industrial and municipal water supply.
The Blackstrap valley is an ancient spillway created by the melting of the Wisconsin glacier. Two formerly small and marshy lakes, Theresa Lake and Blackstrap Lake, were in the area now covered by the reservoir. First Nations peoples used the valley for hunting and shelter. European settlers farmed the flat land of the valley during dry seasons, some of which forms the present lake bed. The steep drought during the Dirty Thirties prompted the construction of Gardiner Dam across the South Saskatchewan River. A series of gravity-fed canals and reservoirs was also built to supply water to the areas southeast of Saskatoon, with Blackstrap being the largest reservoir. The north and south Blackstrap dams were constructed in 1967 and are operated by the Saskatchewan Water Security Agency. The dam stores water to supply the villages of Thode and Shields, the PCS Allan potash mine (via the Bradwell Reservoir) and the Mosaic Colonsay potash mine (via Zelma Reservoir). A channel connects the south end Blackstrap Lake to neighbouring Indi Lake.
Blackstrap Lake is a major part of Blackstrap Provincial Park. A recreation area was established soon after the completion of the lake, and further developed with a ski hill for the 1971 Canada Winter Games. The provincial park was established in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="31104672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104672" title="John Strutt">
John Strutt

John Strutt may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31104689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104689" title="Greiff">
Greiff

Greif may refer to:
People

</doc>
<doc id="31104692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104692" title="2011 Canadian Senior Curling Championships">
2011 Canadian Senior Curling Championships

The 2011 Canadian Senior Curling Championships were held from March 19 to 26 at the Digby Arena and Digby Curling Club in Digby, Nova Scotia. The winning teams will represent Canada at the 2012 World Senior Curling Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="31104704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104704" title="Star City School District">
Star City School District

Star City School District is a public school district headquartered in Star City, Arkansas, United States. The district serves Star City and Grady and portions of Pine Bluff, Monticello, Grady, Gould, and Rison.
Star City School District encompasses of land in Lincoln and Cleveland counties.
History.
The school district was first established in 1918.
In 2004 the Arkansas Legislature approved a law that forced school districts with fewer than 350 students apiece to consolidate with other districts. In May 2004 the Arkansas Board of Education voted unanimously to merge the Grady School District into the Star City district. On July 1, 2004, the Grady School District was merged into the Star City district.
Schools.
Its schools include Jimmy Brown Elementary School, Star City Middle School, and Star City High School.

</doc>
<doc id="31104735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104735" title="Duchêne">
Duchêne


</doc>
<doc id="31104738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104738" title="Ah Xian">
Ah Xian

Ah Xian (Born 1960 in Beijing) is a Chinese born artist based in Sydney, Australia.
Ah Xian was a practising artist in China throughout the 1980s. He sought political asylum in Australia following the events of Tiananmen Square in 1989 and moved to Sydney in 1990. He started work on porcelain casting in the 1990s, and produced the "China China" and "Human Human" series of busts and figures.

</doc>
<doc id="31104776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104776" title="Tim Wilson (filmmaker)">
Tim Wilson (filmmaker)

Black Magic Tim (Born Timothy Malcom Wilson) is a filmmaker working mostly with music videos, EPK's, commercials and independent feature films. He has directed, filmed and edited productions for clients such as Blackground Records, Tommy Boy Entertainment and TVT Records. As well as, EPK's for national artists and book authors like " Naughty by Nature "," Tank (American singer) ", "Kimberly Scott (singer)" and Motivational Speaker "Valorie Burton". He has received several awards and film festival nominations for his work on the short Sci-Fi film "Apple Crumb Panic".
He is also known for reshaping the quality of Nollywood USA Films. His most notable Nollywood film made a historical theatrical run in the United States where He served as cinematographer and editor. Wilson considers Nollywood to be the new black Hollwood. In 2013, the award-winning Nollywood feature, One Night In Vegas has also been poised as the next bar raising film in which again, he was cinematographer and editor. 
He attended Howard University film school studying under Haile Gerima before starting his first film company in Washington, D.C. with 3 other Howard University graduates named "Black Magic Cinemaworks". He is skilled in 35mm, 16mm and HD Cinematography and is a visual digital effects technician.
He is now part owner of a film production company named rvi motion media in Temple Hills, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="31104779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104779" title="Shereen Arazm">
Shereen Arazm

Shereen Arazm (born in 1972 in Toronto, Canada ) is a nightclub and restaurant promoter and owner. Arazm conducts business as a partner of the Dolce Group, whose other partners include Mike Malin. Other minority owners include Ashton Kutcher.
Arazm was born to a Scottish-born mother and an Iranian businessman. After high school, Arazm attended university, during which time she began to work as a waitress at Terroni Restaurant in Toronto (a brand she later imported to Los Angeles. After saving enough money for tuition, Arazm moved to New York City in 1993 and enrolled in the American Academy of Dramatic Arts. Arazm dropped out of AADA after two weeks' of study and took on work at various nightclubs, including China Club, Limelight, and Prohibition.
After failed attempts to purchase a restaurant in New York, Arazm moved to Los Angeles in 2000 and opened her first venue, Concorde in 2003. The name of the restaurant was chosen by minority investor Paris Hilton. Concord received early notoriety soon after opening when Jennifer Lopez hosted Ben Affleck’s 31st birthday party at the venue in September 2003.
Her second venue, El Centro Bar and Lounge, opened in 2004, with the 10,000 sq.ft. Geisha House restaurant opening later that year. Other Los Angeles-area restaurants operated by Arazm and the Dolce Group include Bella, Shag (site of "Vanity Fair’s" 2005 Oscar party), Parc (2007), Central, and Wonderland. Geisha House has been estimated to be worth US$10 million; Concorde, was estimated to pull in US$1.5 million a year in 2004–2005; and Shag, Parc, and Central each involved investments of US$10 million.
In 2008, Arazm opened Terroni in Los Angeles. Not only was the restaurant named after the Toronto enterprise, she also brought Terroni Canada owner Cosimo Mammoliti into the L.A. operation. Together, Arazm and Mammoliti invested over US$1 million to open Terroni L.A.
Arazm's career was featured on an episode of the Canadian Slice Channel program, "Women on Top", in 2007. That same year, "LA Times Magazine" named Arazm one of the four top entertainment hosts in Los Angeles. In February 2010, Food Network Canada announced that Arazm would be the "resident judge" on "Top Chef Canada. 
Arazm is married to Oren Koules (who was also one of her business partners), with whom she had a daughter, Sam, in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="31104784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104784" title="Harriet Bishop">
Harriet Bishop

Harriet E. Bishop (January 1, 1817 – August 8, 1883) was an American educator, writer, suffragist, and temperance activist. Born in Panton, Vermont, she moved to Saint Paul, Minnesota in 1847. There she started the first public school in the Minnesota Territory, the first Sunday school in the territory, was a founding member of temperance, suffrage and civic organizations, played a central role in establishing the First Baptist Church of Saint Paul, and was an active promoter of her adopted state.
Education and career.
Bishop received her teacher training at the Fort Edward Institute, and the New York State Normal School in Albany, New York under the instruction of renowned educator Catherine Beecher of Boston, Massachusetts. She spent about the first decade of her career teaching in Essex, New York. 
Given the growing demand for teachers on the expanding frontier, and the limited number of opportunities in New England for young women to find teaching positions, the newly formed Board of National Popular Education in Cleveland, Ohio developed a program that encouraged young women teachers to move to the western territories to found schools. When news came of an opportunity in the Minnesota Territory, Bishop was eager to pursue it as an exciting adventure. Of the protests and arguments her family and friends made against her decision, she later wrote that they "were to me as so many incentives for me to persist in my decision." Her inspiration for adventure was partly influenced by reading the memoirs of Baptist missionaries Harriet Newell and Ann Judson during their missions in Burma.
The first school house, which she opened in a former blacksmith shop on July 19, 1847, was a "mud walled log hovel... covered with bark and chinked with mud" at what is now St. Peter Street and Kellogg Boulevard in the relatively isolated fur trading post of Saint Paul. Within less than a year, she organized the Saint Paul Circle of Industry to raise funds to build a new structure for the students. The new building also served as a church, meeting hall, and courtroom, and polling place. Of the seven students in her first class, only two were caucasian. She had to rely on a student who was fluent in French, Dakota, and English to translate for her classes (which she taught in English). To further aid in the education of Minnesota children, Bishop established the Minnesota Women's Seminary in Saint Paul in 1850.
Fitting with her deep religious faith and devotion, shortly after her arrival, she also founded first Sunday school in Minnesota. Bishop is considered the "de facto" founder of the ecumenical church movement in Minnesota.
Activism.
Bishop was actively involved in many public concerns, most notably the temperance movement and women's suffrage. She helped organize the Sons of Temperance and encouraged her students to pledge to abstain from alcohol. In 1867 she helped found the Ladies Christian Union and spearhead the construction of the Home to the Friendless, which is now Wilder Residence East. In 1877 She became the first organizer of the Minnesota Women's Christian Temperance Union, working to help form chapters all over the state. Bishop is also recognized as one of the founders of the Minnesota women's suffrage movement.
Personal life.
While Bishop quickly established herself as a dynamic public force in the soon-to-be new state of Minnesota, there is little information about her private life. She was the third daughter of Putnam and Miranda Bishop of Panton, Vermont. She was engaged to marry a young Saint Paul lawyer who was younger than her, but the engagement was called off by the man's sister who believed the age difference between the two to be improper. In 1858 she married John McConkey, a widower with four children. This marriage lasted until 1867 when, having evidently been broken by experiences as a soldier in the First Minnesota Regiment the Civil War, McConkey had become an alcoholic. She successfully sued for divorce and petitioned to have her maiden name restored.
In the early 1870s Bishop was a defendant in a civil suit charging that she had made unauthorized land purchases on behalf of a New York land speculator. Shortly after this, in 1873, she went on a lecture circuit in California. She returned to Saint Paul in 1875 where she continued to work as a lecturer, writer and activist until her death on August 8, 1883. She is buried at Saint Paul's Oakland Cemetery.
Legacy.
She is the namesake of the "Harriet Bishop", a riverboat operating out of St. Paul.

</doc>
<doc id="31104790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104790" title="Thomas Palumbo">
Thomas Palumbo

Thomas G. Palumbo (born June 9, 1950 in Newburyport, Massachusetts, died August 18, 2011 in Salisbury, Massachusetts) was an American politician who represented the 2nd Essex district in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1985 to 1995.
Palumbo was defeated by Harriett Stanley in the 1994 election. One month after his defeat, Palumbo was nominated by Governor William Weld to serve on the state Parole Board. He withdrew his nomination on January 4, 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="31104811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104811" title="Jonathan Clay (musician)">
Jonathan Clay (musician)

Singer-songwriter Jonathan Clay grew up in Magnolia, Texas. He released his first EP "Whole New Me" in 2006 on iTunes. Atlantic Records signed Clay to a development deal in 2007. In June 2007 Clay released his second album "Back to Good". MTV music supervisors found his work on MySpace. "The Hills", "", and "The Real World" all used Jonathan Clay songs in episodes. ABC Family used Clay's "After All" in "Lincoln Heights" in 2008. Levi's and True Anthem sponsored Clay's give away of 140,000 downloads of "Acoustic Sessions" in 2008. In 2010 Clay recorded "Everything She Wants" with producer Kevin Kadish. "Gypsy Woman", a cut from that album, was used in the U.S. television series "Sons of Anarchy" in 2011. In late 2010 Clay formed a new band called Jamestown Revival. The duo teamed Clay with his childhood friend Zach Chance and within six months of forming the band the duo were featured in "Rolling Stone" magazine for the Cover of the Rolling Stone contest. "Heart on Fire", a song featuring Clay's vocals, was featured in the 2012 comedy "LOL" starring Miley Cyrus, Demi Moore, Ashley Greene, Adam Sevani, and Douglas Booth. Clay sang three additional songs for the film.

</doc>
<doc id="31104814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104814" title="Tanya Hamilton">
Tanya Hamilton

Tanya Hamilton (born in Spanish Town, Jamaica) is an American film director and producer. She came to the United States at the age of eight, and settled in Maryland with her mother. She attended Duke Ellington School of the Arts, Cooper Union for the Advancement of Science and Art, and Columbia University.
Hamilton's first project was a short film entitled "The Killers", which was released in 1997. This work won awards at the Berlin International Film Festival and New Line Cinema. Her first feature film was "Night Catches Us", a portrayal of former Black Panthers reuniting in 1976 Philadelphia. In 2011, Hamilton received an Athena Film Festival award for directing, as well as Black Reel Award nomination for best director for this film. It was also nominated for an Independent Spirit Awards, four Image Awards, a Gotham Awards and the Sundance Film Festival Grand Jury Prize. Hamilton is currently a Fellow at the Sundance Screenwriter and Filmmaker Lab.

</doc>
<doc id="31104815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104815" title="Mouse Practice">
Mouse Practice

Mouse Practice was a game-based computer tutorial aimed at teaching new users how to operate a computer mouse at a time when many were unfamiliar with this feature of a computer. 
Mouse Practice was created using MacroMind Director and released in 1992 by Apple for the Macintosh computer platform. It involved the user learning the key functions of the mouse by controlling a scuba diver in an underwater environment. 
Another program, "Mouse Basics", served a similar purpose on earlier Macintosh computers, but did not have the game-based approach of Mouse Practice.
Gameplay.
The opening screen showed the scuba diver on a motorboat at sea inviting the user to join him as he was going exploring underwater. To get started, the user had to move the mouse so that the pointer was on the scuba diver—this required the skill of using the mouse to control the position of the pointer. One the arrow has moved the diver, he jumps in to the ocean, an animation then showed the scuba diver descending.
Controlling the pointer.
The next activity was to use a flashlight to look around while in the deep sea, requiring the use to move the mouse to control the flashlight in order to show a number of deep dea animals, such as jellyfish, gulper eels and squids This again worked on the basic skill of controlling the pointer by way of moving the mouse. Once all animals had been illuminated an animation showed the scuba diver travelling along holding onto an ascending whale's fin.
Point-and-click.
In the next activity, set on a coral reef, the user was required to move the pointer to the puffer fish, and then click the mouse button on the fish. The user then had to click in crevices of the reef revealing other sea animals which were a lobster, an octopus, a stingray, a gray reef eel and a sea horse. This taught the skill of pointing-and-clicking. After all animals had been revealed, an animation showed the scuba diver riding on a sea turtle saying "Let's see what else we can find".
Drag-and-drop.
The final activity involved a sunken treasure, where the user would gather it and put it in a nearby treasure chest. The user was required to point to each treasure as instructed, starting with the golden crown, then click on it and drag it to the treasure chest. Once all the treasure was collected, a hook appeared and the user had to drag the hook to the chest, and then release the mouse button to let it be lifted to the motorboat. These activities taught the skill of dragging-and-dropping.
Ending.
In the final scene, the diver who has put the treausre chest in the boat bids the user farewell and says "If you want to go underwater again, point to me and click. If you want to stop, click the treasure chest". Clicking the diver would result in the tutorial being repeated, while clicking on the treasure chest would quit the program. Clicking the treasure chest was the only way out of the program; unlike other computer programs, Mouse Practice could not be exited until the mission was accomplished.
Compatibility.
Mouse Practice was released with Macintosh Operating Systems 6 to 9, designed to operate on the Motorola 68k architecture. The software can also run on some other systems by way of an emulator. Mouse Practice was a default inclusion in the simplified At Ease graphical user interface (GUI).

</doc>
<doc id="31104827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104827" title="Yuuwaku (song)">
Yuuwaku (song)

"Yuuwaku" is the 13th single by Japanese band Glay. It reached No. 1 on the weekly Oricon charts and sold 1,611,920 copies in 1998, becoming the best selling Japanese single of the year. It charted for 20 weeks and sold a total of 1,625,520 copies. The title song was used as the TDK "Mini Disc" CM song.

</doc>
<doc id="31104828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104828" title="Charles Vivian">
Charles Vivian

Charles Vivian may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31104829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104829" title="Ernest Bernbaum">
Ernest Bernbaum

Ernest Bernbaum (February 12, 1879–March 8, 1958)
was an English educator, scholar, author and an opponent of the Suffragette movement.
Born in Brooklyn, N.Y., the son of Ole Kruse and Dorothea Christiansen, Ernest was educated at Brooklyn Polytechnic Institute. He attended Harvard University, where he was awarded a Ph.D. in philology in 1907. He taught English at Harvard from 1907–1916, then joined the staff of the University of Illinois. From 1917-1919, he was chair of the Committee on War Lectures at Illinois. In 1921 he married Ruth Guenther. He remained at the University of Illinois until 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="31104847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104847" title="Mo Forte">
Mo Forte

Maurice "Mo" Forte (born March 1, 1947) is a former American football player and coach. He served as the head coach at North Carolina Agricultural and Technical State University from 1982 to 1987, Norfolk State University from 1999 to 2002 and the University of Arkansas at Pine Bluff from 2005 to 2007. Forte compiled a career college football record of 55–87–1.

</doc>
<doc id="31104881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104881" title="The 1686 House">
The 1686 House

The 1686 House is a fine dining restaurant in Kingston, New Hampshire, USA, that is best known for its extensive wine list and colonial decor. In 1992, it won one of the six 1992 Grand Awards for Outstanding Restaurant Wine Lists given by "Wine Spectator".
The 1686 House is located in the historic district of Kingston and is one of the oldest buildings in the town. It was originally built as a residential home. The basement of the building originally had escape tunnels that were built in case of an attack by Native Americans. The long history of the building has drawn the attention of paranormal investigators, some of whom claim the building is home to ghosts. 
The 1686 House has hosted political fundraisers for New Hampshire primary candidates. It also hosts other functions, including wedding receptions.

</doc>
<doc id="31104887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104887" title="Davis distribution">
Davis distribution

In statistics, the Davis distributions are a family of continuous probability distributions. It is named after Harold T. Davis (1892–1974), who in 1941 proposed this distribution to model income sizes. ("The Theory of Econometrics and Analysis of Economic Time Series"). It is a generalization of the Planck's law of radiation from statistical physics.
Definition.
The probability density function of the Davis distribution is given by
where formula_1 is the Gamma function and formula_2 is the Riemann zeta function. Here μ, "b", and "n" are parameters of the distribution, and "n" need not be an integer.
Background.
In an attempt to derive an expression that would represent not merely the upper tail of the distribution of income, Davis required an appropriate model with the following properties

</doc>
<doc id="31104893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104893" title="Tommy Vigorito">
Tommy Vigorito

Thomas Vigorito (born October 23, 1959) is a former American football wide receiver and running back in the National Football League. He was drafted by the Miami Dolphins in the fifth round of the 1981 NFL Draft. He played college football at Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="31104931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104931" title="Filleau des Billettes">
Filleau des Billettes

Filleau des Billettes, or Gilles Filleau des Billettes (1634, Poitiers - August 15, 1720) was a scholar, member of the Académie des Sciences who corresponded with Leibniz. His personal copy of one of Leibniz's mathematical papers was rediscovered in 1956.
Biography.
Gilles was born in 1634 into a Calvinist family, the youngest son of Nicolas Filleau and his wife, Françoise Béliard, who was described by Louis Moréri as being from one of the most noble houses in the region. He moved with his brothers to Paris, where he lived most of his life.
He married twice, but the name of only one wife is known: Françoise Sicard, who died on April 24, 1671 in Poitiers.
His brother, François Filleau de St Martin, was famous for making the first French translation of Don Quixote.
Gilles had one more brother, Jean Filleau de la Chaise, and sisters Françoise (who married Jean de la Lande, "seigneur de Lavau"), Marie, and possibly Catherine (who married John Chabusant).

</doc>
<doc id="31104938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104938" title="South African Class 8F 4-8-0">
South African Class 8F 4-8-0

The South African Class 8F 4-8-0 of 1904 is a South African steam locomotive from the pre-Union era in the Cape Colony.
In 1904 the Cape Government Railways placed its final batch of ten 8th Class 4-8-0 Mastodon type steam locomotives in service. In 1912, when they were assimilated into the South African Railways, they were renumbered and reclassified to Class 8F.
Manufacture.
Evolution.
The first 8th Class locomotive of the Cape Government Railways (CGR) was a Consolidation type designed by H.M. Beatty, the CGR’s Chief Locomotive Superintendent from 1896 to 1910. It was later to become the Class 8X on the South African Railways (SAR). While these first Schenectady and ALCO built locomotives were being subjected to exhaustive testing on all types of traffic and under varying conditions, some trouble was experienced with the leading two-wheeled pony truck and, when designs were prepared at Salt River for a later order for more locomotives, it was replaced with a four-wheeled bogie.
Builders.
Orders were placed with the North British Locomotive Company (NBL) in 1903. The ten locomotives were delivered in 1904, numbered in the range from 829 to 838 and allocated to the Cape Western System of the CGR.
These ten locomotives were the final batch of CGR 8th Class locomotives to be built with a Mastodon type wheel arrangement. In spite of the differences in wheel arrangement, the CGR’s 8th Class Consolidations and 8th Class Mastodons were all grouped together into one single Class.
Class 8 sub-classes.
The Union of South Africa was established on 31 May 1910, in terms of the South Africa Act, enacted by the Parliament of the United Kingdom. One of the clauses in the Act required that the three Colonial Government railways, the CGR, the Natal Government Railways and the Central South African Railways, also be united under one single administration to control and administer the railways, ports and harbours of the Union. While the SAR came into existence in 1910, the actual classification and renumbering of all the rolling stock of the three constituent railways required careful planning and was only implemented with from 1 January 1912.
In 1912 these ten locomotives were renumbered in the range from 1234 to 1243 and reclassified to Class 8F.
These locomotives, together with the rest of the CGR’s 8th Class Consolidations and 8th Class Mastodons, plus the Class 8-L1 to 8-L3 Mastodon locomotives from the Central South African Railways (CSAR), were grouped into ten different sub-classes by the SAR. The locomotives became SAR Classes 8 and 8A to 8F and the locomotives became Classes 8X to 8Z.
Modification.
During A.G. Watson’s term as the Chief Mechanical Engineer (CME) of the SAR from 1929 to 1936, many of the Class 8 to Class 8F locomotives were equipped with superheated boilers, larger bore cylinders and either inside or outside admission piston valves. The outside admission valve locomotives had their cylinder bore increased from and retained their existing SAR classifications, while the inside admission valve locomotives had their cylinder bore increased to and were reclassified by having a "W" suffix added to their existing SAR classifications.
Of the Class 8F locomotives, numbers 1236, 1242 and 1243 were equipped with superheated boilers, bore cylinders and inside admission piston valves, and were reclassified to Class 8FW.
Service.
In SAR service, the Class 8 family of locomotives worked on every system in the country and in the 1920s they became the mainstay of motive power on many branchlines. Their final days were spent in shunting service and by 1972 they were all withdrawn.

</doc>
<doc id="31104969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104969" title="Black Box BRD">
Black Box BRD

Black Box BRD is a 2001 German documentary film written and directed by Andres Veiel. The film deals with West German politics of the 1970s and 1980s, a period marked by turmoil and the highly publicized activities of the left-wing terrorist group known as the Red Army Faction (RAF).
The film focuses on the lives and deaths of Alfred Herrhausen, a prominent banker and chairman of the Deutsche Bank who was assassinated by the RAF in 1989, and Wolfgang Grams, member of RAF who was a suspect in the attack on Herrhausen and who later shot himself in the head while being chased by the German police in 1993. A number of relatives, friends, and colleagues of both men were interviewed for the film.
In Germany the film was released in May 2001, and then re-released in September 2002. It was screened at a number of festivals and won several awards in 2001 and 2002, including the 2002 German Film Award for Best Documentary Film and the 2001 European Film Award.
In the United States the film was shown on PBS, retitled as "Black Box Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="31104988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31104988" title="Never Forget (1991 film)">
Never Forget (1991 film)

Never Forget (1991) is a TNT drama film, starring Leonard Nimoy and directed by Joseph Sargent.
Plot.
Mr. Mermelstein (Leonard Nimoy) and Mrs. Mermelstein (Blythe Danner) a true-life California couple, thrown into the spotlight of judicial history in the 1980s. He is a Hungarian-born Jew, sole survivor of his family's extermination at Auschwitz, and she is a Southern Baptist from Tennessee. Their four children are good kids, typical Americans, with just enough orneriness to irritate each other, but enough love and class to pull together when it counts. When challenged by a hate group to prove that Jews were actually gassed at Auschwitz, Mel Mermelstein rises to the occasion with the support of his wife and children, in spite of the dangers to himself, his business, and his family. William John Cox (Dabney Coleman) provides legal help ("pro bono") as a lawyer, originally a Roman Catholic from Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="31105000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31105000" title="Landgravine Charlotte of Hesse-Darmstadt">
Landgravine Charlotte of Hesse-Darmstadt

Charlotte Wilhelmine Christiane Marie of Hesse-Darmstadt (5 November 1755, Darmstadt – 12 December 1785, Hanover), was by marriage Duchess of Mecklenburg-Strelitz.
Life.
Charlotte was a daughter of Prince George William of Hesse-Darmstadt (1722-1782) from his marriage to Maria Louise Albertine of Leiningen-Falkenburg-Dagsburg (1729-1818), daughter of Count Christian Karl Reinhard of Leiningen-Dachsburg-Falkenburg-Heidesheim.
The princess was first engaged with the hereditary prince Peter Frederick William of Oldenburg, but the engagement was dissolved again as a result of the onset of Peter's mental illness.
Charlotte married Charles of Mecklenburg-Strelitz (who later became the Duke of Mecklenburg-Strelitz), on 28th September 1784 in Darmstadt. He was previously married to Charlotte's older sister Friederike, who had died in childbirth. She thus became stepmother for her sister's five surviving children - her nieces and nephews.
The couple lived in Hanover, where Charles served as Governor-General for his brother-in-law, King George. Charlotte died after the birth of her only child, a year after their marriage. Charles resigned from his post in Hanover and moved to Charlotte's mother in Darmstadt, who then took care of his children (both Frederike's and Charlotte's).
Offspring.
Her only child from her marriage to Charles was:

</doc>
<doc id="31105011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31105011" title="Dumas Public Schools">
Dumas Public Schools

Dumas Public Schools is a school district headquartered in Dumas, Arkansas. It serves territory in Desha and Lincoln counties, including Dumas, Gould, and Mitchellville. It also serves Arkansas Department of Corrections prison property (Cummins Unit).
History.
In July 1993 the Desha-Drew School District dissolved, with portions going to Dumas Public Schools and to the McGehee School District.
In 2004 the Arkansas Legislature approved a law that forced school districts with fewer than 350 students apiece to consolidate with other districts. As a result, on July 1, 2004, the Gould School District was merged into the Dumas district. At the time of the merger, according to a June 30, 2004 audit report, the Gould district had a $322,873 deficit. The Dumas district inherited the Gould district's deficit. Thomas Cox, the superintendent of the Dumas district, opposed the merger; in May 2004 he told the Arkansas Board of Education that it would increase the racial imbalance in the school district as African-American percentage of the Dumas district would increase from 64% to 68%; at the time the Gould district was 99% African-American. The former superintendent of the Gould district became an assistant superintendent of the Dumas district.
Schools.
Its schools include Central Elementary School, Dumas Junior High School, and Dumas High School.
In previous eras, Central had grades PreK-1, Reed Elementary School had grades 2-6, Dumas Jr. High had 7-8, and Dumas High had 9-12.
After the merger with the Gould School District, the Dumas district inherited the Gould school facilities. In the fall of 2005 the Dumas district planned to move all Gould students in grades 7-12 to the Dumas schools, and considered doing the same to the elementary school students from Gould.

</doc>
<doc id="31105113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31105113" title="Charleston High School">
Charleston High School

Charleston High School may refer to:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="31105152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31105152" title="Willem van Oldenbarnevelt">
Willem van Oldenbarnevelt

Willem van Oldenbarnevelt, "Lord of Stoutenburg" (1590 – before 1638) was a son of Johan van Oldenbarnevelt. He was born in The Hague, where he was baptised at the court-chapel in November 1590.
Biography.
He first served as a captain of an Overijssel company of the Dutch republican army.
He left for Paris in late 1607, together with his brother Reinier van Oldenbarnevelt, for his Grand Tour, an educational journey abroad in order to complete his study at the Dutch university, but also to become familiar with the morals of the higher classes in other countries. The influential ambassador Francis van Aarssens was the guardian of the two young brothers. After only a few weeks into their journey they were invited to the court of King Henry IV of France. Reinier did not stay long in Paris, and soon returned to the Netherlands in order to marry. Willem enjoyed himself in Paris so much with the game Jeu de Paume, that van Aerssen sent worried letters to the Netherlands, writing that Willem was neglecting his mathematics study there. Johan van Oldenbarnevelt was not pleased with this, and he let it be known that he would like to see Willem being given a post at the French court. On August 7, 1608, Willem was appointed a gentleman-ordinary of King Henry IV, which gave him a salary of 3000 Dutch guilders, a post that was probably given for political reasons. Nonetheless, William remained a passionate fan of Jeu de Paume, and wasted his entire salary at the tennis court.
On May 7, 1611 he was knighted by King James I of England, and a few days later, on May 30, he was made Captain at Bergen op Zoom. On December 22, 1613 he was made a Knight of the Order of the Garter by James I, probably also for political reasons. In 1616 Willem van Oldenbarnevelt married Walburch van Marnix van Sint-Aldegonde, granddaughter of Philip van Marnix van Sint-Aldegonde. He was appointed governor of Bergen op Zoom in 1617 thanks to mediation by his father.
After the execution of his father on May 13, 1619, he was removed from his functions, and was left destitute by the seizure of the possessions of his father, Johan van Oldenbarnevelt. Willem conspired with amongst others his brother Reinier van Oldenbarnevelt and the Remonstrant preacher Hendrick Danielsz Slatius to assassinate Maurice of Orange, who was responsible for the death of his father. They hired a number of sailors for 400 guilders to carry out the attack. The assassination was to take place on February 7, 1623, but the plan leaked out one day early. Reinier van Oldenbarnevelt was arrested and beheaded in The Hague. Willem managed to escape to Brussels, which was controlled by the Spaniards. 
Later, letters sent by him to Hugo de Groot were found, which he wrote in the period from January 23, 1626 to 9 December, 1633. These letters showed that Willem had hoped to one day return to the Republic, that he had remained a Protestant and had not taken service in the Spanish army. His testament, however, showed that he had become Catholic and had entered service in the Spanish army. His wife had not fled with him to Brussels, but did send him money every year. Willem wrote about this that "his wife to her ability sent a yearly pension to her not-used-to-poverty husband".
The date of his death is unknown, but since his wife remarried in 1638, it is believed he died before this date. Some believe that Willem van Oldenbarnevelt had one son, named Pieter Van Stoutenburg, either with his wife, or with another woman while he lived in Brussels.

</doc>
<doc id="31105177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31105177" title="Enrique Delgado Montes">
Enrique Delgado Montes

Enrique Delgado Montes (March 14, 1939 in Lima, Peru – March 21, 1996 in Lima) was a Peruvian singer/songwriter.
His parentes were Ruperto Delgado and Asunción Montes. His childhood was spent in Rimac District where he did his early studies.

</doc>
<doc id="31105211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31105211" title="Auburn and Syracuse Electric Railroad">
Auburn and Syracuse Electric Railroad

The Auburn and Syracuse Electric Railroad was an interurban rail that ran from Auburn, New York to Syracuse, New York, a distance of . The railroad owned a total of of track which "was as fine as any in the state."
The road was owned by Clifford D. Beebe of Syracuse. The Beebe Syndicate controlled interurbans that ran from Rochester to Syracuse, to Auburn to Oswego on Lake Ontario. 
The company declared bankruptcy in 1927 and streetcar service in Auburn ended at that time; however, interurban service continued until the business was sold in early 1930. Rail service was abandoned on April 15, 1930.
History.
The Auburn and Syracuse Electric Roadroad ran from Downtown Syracuse to Auburn via Split Rock Quarry, Marcellus and Skaneateles. The entire length in Onondaga County was owned by the county.
The railroad was established in 1902 from the Auburn Interurban Electric Railroad, which had opened a line that ran along the highway from Auburn to Skaneateles, a distance of . During 1902, the company consolidated with the Auburn City Railway to form the Auburn and Syracuse Electric Railroad. During 1903, the company built an interurban on private right-of-way from Skaneateles to Syracuse, a distance of . The new line was double-tracked in 1906.
Billed as the "Scenic Route," the road featured a combination of freight and passenger service that was unique to local lines.
Operations.
The company maintained "regular and up-to-date service to suburban homes and industrial plants." They had lines running to Fleming, Sennett, Owasco, Skaneateles, Split Rock, Syracuse, Marcellus, Onondaga and Camillus.
In 1905, the company owned 43 cars, with 29 in daily operation. The power house which supplied the current was located on Clark Street in Auburn and the company offices were on Genesee Street. By 1905, the company had 225 employees and during periods of construction work they sometimes had as many as 500.
Company management.
The officers of the company were Clifford D. Beebe, president; A. M. Michael, secretary; and R. P. Stevens, general superintendent. The general offices were located in Syracuse, New York, and the operating offices were in Auburn. By 1906, the company headquarters were located in Downtown Syracuse at 500 Onondaga County Savings Bank Building. Treasurer that year was Willis A. Holden and assistant general manager was R. A. Dyer, Jr.
Vacation excursions.
By November 1905, the Auburn and Syracuse Electric Railroad had cars to Split Rock, Marcellus, Skaneateles and Auburn.
During August 1911, the railroad was providing vacation excursions to Upstate New York locations such as Skaneateles Lake which they advertised as "A Perfect Ride in Perfect Safety Searchlight Excursion." The trip was scheduled three times a week and included a "scenic" trolley ride and a "searchlight sail" and one hour of dancing at Ten Mile Point, New York. On weekends the railroad ventured to Fair Haven instead of Skaneateles Lake. The round trip price was 75 cents, no matter the location or day and the main ticket office was located at 340 West Fayette Street.
Steamboat.
The company operated a steamboat on Skaneateles Lake and an amusement park on Owasco Lake. Passenger traffic was heavy in the summer months and the interurban carried substantial amounts of express. The railroad also handled occasional freight cars in railroad interchange.
Labor union.
During June 1916, an agreement with the Amalgamated Association of Street and Electrical Railway Employees was offered to workers from the Auburn and Syracuse Electric Railroad as well as Syracuse and South Bay Railway, Empire United lines and the Syracuse, Lake Shore and Northern Railroad. Additionally, the Fulton city lines and Oswego city lines were included in the agreement. Attending the conference were H. J. Barrette and Burton Sampson of the Auburn line, Patrick Long and Willis Pickard of the South Bay road and John Manning and Arthur Hubbell of the Lake Shore road.
Employee strike.
In May 1919, railroad employees were on strike after they tried to force the company to "dispossess a tenant from property" the company did not own or exercise any rights of control. The Amalgamated union officials were insistent that their men be allowed to run the Auburn and Northern Railroad, Port Byron line which was owned by Empire State Railroad Corporation.
Bankruptcy.
The company went bankrupt in 1927 and streetcar service in Auburn ended at that time; however, interurban service continued and the business was sold to Enna Jettick Shoe Company for the amusement park on March 20, 1930. Rail service was abandoned on April 15, 1930.
Land use.
By 1974, the railbed from Syracuse to Split Rock was occupied by Onondaga Boulevard and from there to Marcellus the bed was unoccupied. From Marcellus to Skaneateles the railbed was occupied by Lee-Mulroy Highway. A section of roadbed along Lee-Mulroy Highway just east of Rikard Road, Skaneateles is still present, along with a deteriorated culvert. From Skaneateles to Auburn, the railbed was on Franklin Street Road by franchise. All evidence of this section is now gone.

</doc>
<doc id="31105228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31105228" title="Elina Danielian">
Elina Danielian

Elina Danielian (; born August 16, 1978 in Baku) is an Armenian chess grandmaster and six times Armenian Women's champion. She has represented Armenia ten times in Women's Chess Olympiads (1992–2010). She played in the gold medal-winning Armenian Women's team in the 5th European Team Chess Championship in Plovdiv 2003. In March 2011, she was tied for first place in the FIDE Women's Grand Prix 2009–2011 tournament in Doha, Qatar.
She won the bronze medal in the European Individual Chess Championship in Tbilisi, scoring 8/11 points.

</doc>
<doc id="31105231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31105231" title="Turnstone Press">
Turnstone Press

Turnstone Press was founded in 1976 in Winnipeg to publish chapbooks by Manitoba poets. It is located in Western Canada. Turnstone Press publishes only Canadian authors or landed immigrants. Fifty percent of their content published each year is either written by Manitoba writers or contains content about Manitoba. Since its debut, Turnstone has grown to include fiction, literary criticism and literary non-fiction. In 1998 Turnstone expanded their business with Ravenstone imprint which specializes primarily in literary and experimental mystery and noir fiction.
To this day, they continue to publish new Canadian authors. Since their foundation they have began the careers of many Canadian authors which include Di Brandt, John Gould, Lawrence Hill, Sylvia Legris, Margaret Sweatman, Michael Van Rooy and Armin Wiebe.
Awards.
Several books and authors under Turnstone Press have been nominated for literary awards and have been recognized for their literary efforts, including the Governor General's Literary Awards, the Commonwealth Writer's Prize, the Giller Prize, the Stephen Leacock Prize, the IMPAC Dublin Literary Award, the Lambda Literary Awards, the Rogers Writers' Trust Fiction Prize, the ReLit Awards, and other regional awards.
Bird on a Wire.
Turnstone Press provides many resources on their website, such as book reviews, resource articles, upcoming events, and recent news.
“Canadian small publishing is an incredibly dynamic and exciting business, frought with incredible highs and frustrating lows. Turnstone’s Bird on a Wire is part blog, part rant, and part resource. It’s our place on the web to share our thoughts and experiences while working in Canadian publishing.”

</doc>
<doc id="31105238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31105238" title="Northeastern derby (Slovenia)">
Northeastern derby (Slovenia)

The Northeastern derby () is a major football rivalry between Maribor and Mura. Today, the continuation of the rivalry is considered as the matches between Maribor and NŠ Mura, established in 2012, who consider themselves, together with the fans of the old Mura, as the spiritual continuation of the 2004 and 2013 dissolved clubs. Although the old Mura was officially dissolved at the end of 2004 it was still allowed to finish the 2004–05 season, which was at the time already in progress, and therefore the last official match between Maribor and the old Mura was played in 2005. The first official match between Maribor and newly established Mura 05 was played in 2008 in the Slovenian Cup.
History and rivalry culture.
The rivalry traced its roots back in the late 1960s and the time of SFR Yugoslavia when the first match between the two clubs was played. Although the first match was played in 1967 it was not until the independence of Slovenia from 1991 onwards when most of the matches were played. Before the establishment of the 1.SNL in 1991 both clubs have never played together in the top division and the rivalry became apparent only in the 1990s when both clubs were among the top teams of the newly established league.
In 1991, after the declared independence of Slovenia, both clubs were the founding members of the Slovenian first league, 1.SNL, and played there up until the end of 2004–05 season and the dissolution of NK Mura. Maribor comes from the city of Maribor, capital city of the Styria region, and was one of the most industrialized cities in Yugoslavia and the majority of its fans were the representatives of the working class. Mura on the other hand comes from a small, rural town of Murska Sobota which is the center of the poorest region in Slovenia, Prekmurje. Prekmurje was, for about a thousand years, part of the Kingdom of Hungary, unlike other Slovene Lands. It therefore maintains certain specific linguistic, cultural, and religious features that differentiate it from other Slovenian traditional regions. The Mura River, which runs on the border between Styria and Prekmurje, was therefore not just a natural barrier, but political as well. During the 1990s and early 2000s the two clubs were the most successful and popular teams in the eastern part of the country. Although Mura won only one Cup (1994–95) in its history they were nevertheless considered as a top Slovenian team, especially in the 1990s when they continuously finished the season among top teams either in the league, cup or supercup. Maribor on the other hand was much more successful as by the end of 2004–05 season they have won seven championships and five cups. During the first seven seasons of the 1.SNL both clubs finished on top three positions on 3 occasions and at least one of them finished on first or second position during this period. The rivalry reached its peak in 2003–04 season when Mura hosted Maribor at home in the final round of the season. Before the match Maribor was leading the table and was close in winning their 8th consecutive title while the mid table position of Mura was predetermined before the final round. However, Mura won the match 2–1 and Maribor eventually lost the title by two points. At the end of 2004 NK Mura was dissolved and, as the season was already in progress, was allowed to finish the rest of the 2004–05 season after which it effectively ceased all operations.
On 16 June 2005, a new club was established, under the name ND Mura 05, retaining Mura's fans, colours and youth team players. However, due to the fact that the new Mura is supported by most of the fans of the previous Mura, including their ultras group the Black Gringos who has a long standing rivalry with Maribor's own ultras group Viole Maribor, many see the matches between Maribor and the new club as the continuation of the rivalry. The first match between NK Maribor and ND Mura 05 took place in Murska Sobota on 17 September 2008, on a Slovenian cup (Round of 16) match that was won by Maribor, 3–1. Although Mura was, at the time, a second division team the stadium was packed with home and away fans. For the 2011–12 and 2012–13 seasons, Mura was a member of the Slovenian PrvaLiga. After the 2012–13 season, the club went into the financial difficulties again and was dissolved. The newly established club used its youth selections to register a team for the 2013–14 season under the name "NŠ Mura".
Statistically, Maribor is the more successful club either in the case of matches only from the period from 1967 to 2005 or the whole period from 1967 to present day.
Fans.
Besides the city of Maribor itself and the surrounding area NK Maribor also has a large fan base in the whole regions of Styria and Carinthia. The club also draws significant number of supporters from northern Upper Carniola and northeastern Lower Carniola as well as the capital city of Ljubljana, due to a large number of students and workers from eastern part of the country. Mura on the other hand draws majority of its fans exclusively from the region of Prekmurje where it is, by far, the most popular sports club. Small number of supporters are also present in other Slovenian cities, among Prekmurje natives who moved there either for work or education. The fact that Prekmurje is one of the smallest and least populated regions in Slovenia has made Mura's fans labeled, by the general public, as one of the most loyal in the country.
Both Maribor and Mura always had support on their matches from ultras groups called Viole Maribor, supporting Maribor, and the Black Gringos who supported Mura. Statistically, both teams always enjoyed one of the biggest attendances on their matches. The current team that plays in the lower tier of Slovenian football still has higher average attendances than most of the first division clubs. During the matches between Maribor and Mura it was not uncommon that the attendances even exceeded those of the Eternal derby, played between Maribor and Olimpija.
Matches list.
Yugoslav football leagues.
1Second Yugoslav division; 2Third Yugoslav Division; Source: Archive data on nkmaribor.com<br>
• Total: Maribor 10 wins (71.5%), 3 draw (21.5%), Mura 1 win (7%).
Slovenian first league.
1ND Mura 05 established in 2005.Source: Archive data on prvaliga.si and rtvslo.si<br>
Note: For five consecutive seasons (from the 1998–99 season until the 2002–03 season), Slovenian League had a three round robin and the matches of the final third of the season were determined based on the league position after the first two thirds of the season.<br>
• Total: Maribor 26 wins (51%), 14 draw (27%), Mura 11 wins (21%).
Yugoslav cups.
Source: Archive data on nkmaribor.com and Večer newspaper archive
• Series won: Maribor 7 (78%), Mura 2 (22%).
Slovenian cup.
"The head-to-head matches shows the results of Maribor and Mura, established in 1924 and dissolved in 2004, when they played in the Slovenian cup. From 2005 onwards, the table also shows the results between Maribor and Mura 05, established in 2005 and dissolved in 2013, who is legally not a successor of the old Mura (1924–2004)."
1ND Mura 05 established in 2005. Source: Archive data on nkmaribor.com and nzs.si<br>
• Series won: Maribor 4 (80%), Mura 1 (20%).
Head-to-head.
Ranking.
1Yugoslav second division; 2Yugoslav third division;<br>
• Total: Maribor 19 times higher (90.5%), Mura 2 times higher (9.5%).

</doc>
<doc id="31105293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31105293" title="Nightmare in Badham County">
Nightmare in Badham County

Nightmare in Badham County (1976) is an ABC TV women-in-prison movie, starring Chuck Connors, Deborah Raffin and Lynne Moody and directed by John Llewellyn Moxey. The film was so popular in China that it was released in cinemas and Raffin became the first Western actress to make a promotional tour of the country, after which she became an unofficial ambassador helping China make deals with Hollywood.
Plot Summary.
Two girls, Cathy Phillips (Deborah Raffin) and Diane Emery (Lynne Moody) get engine car trouble in a small town. When they spurn the sheriff Slim Danen's (Chuck Connors) advances, they are thrown in prison on false accusations, where they endure atrocities at the hands of the administrators and prison guards. All hope seems very lost unless the girls find a way to escape.
Plotline.
While driving, Cathy and Diane's car get a flat tire, forcing them to get it replaced; however, they get into a confrontation with prison sheriff Slim Danen and are arrested after refusing to give in to him. The two are taken to a local women's farm labor prison, where they learn from an inmate named Sara that the prisoners' lives there are completely and exceedingly harsh; they are not only treated like labored slaves, but also exposed to cruel and sexual torture and mistreatment daily.
It is when they soon realize that the only way to set themselves and all the other prisoners free is to escape undetected and unharmed.

</doc>
<doc id="31105296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31105296" title="Charleston High School (Mississippi)">
Charleston High School (Mississippi)

Charleston High School is a public high school in Charleston, Mississippi, United States.
The school held its first racially integrated prom in April 2008, which was the subject of the 2008 HBO documentary "Prom Night in Mississippi". The documentary focused on the school and the efforts to have a mixed prom instead of segregated proms, with one for whites and the other for blacks.
In 2010, the graduation rate was 68.8%. The school district is considered to be "at risk of failing" by the No Child Left Behind standards.

</doc>
<doc id="31105318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31105318" title="Dicerandra cornutissima">
Dicerandra cornutissima

Dicerandra cornutissima is a rare species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name longspurred mint, longspurred balm, and Robin's mint. It is endemic to Florida in the United States. It is found in Marion County, and possibly Sumter County, but it may have been totally extirpated from the latter. There are 15 known occurrences remaining. The plant was federally listed as an endangered species in 1985.
This species was formerly included within the description of its relative, "Dicerandra frutescens". It was separated, elevated to species status, and described by Robin B. Huck in 1981. The new species is distinguished from "D. frutescens" in its darker, deeper pink flowers, its larger anthers, the smaller amount of hairs on its style, and a well-separated geographical distribution.
This is a strong-scented aromatic shrub growing up to about half a meter tall. The erect stems grow from a woody base. The oppositely arranged leaves are linear in shape, 1.5 centimeters long, smooth-edged, and dotted with visible oil glands. The flower has a corolla just under a centimeter long with a bent, tubular throat and lobed lips. The corolla is dark pink or purplish with purple spotting and a paler throat. The anthers have hornlike spurs, which, at over a millimeter long, are relatively large.
The plant grows in Florida scrub habitat and nearby sandhills. The scrub is dominated by stands of sand pines and several species of oak. Species in the understory include saw palmetto ("Serenoa repens"), scrub palmetto ("Sabal etonia"), and Florida rosemary ("Ceratiola ericoides"). The sandy ground may be covered with various lichens, such as "Cladina evansii", "Cladina subtenuis", and "Cladonia leporine", and grass species such as wiregrass ("Aristida stricta") and arrowfeather threeawn ("A. purpurascens").
The loss of this Florida scrub habitat is the greatest threat to the survival of this species. Six of the fifteen remaining occurrences are in protected areas. Land is lost to urban development. The remaining territory is degraded because of the lack of proper land management. Although fire in the area is rare, it is required in this fire-adapted habitat type to maintain the ecosystem. Periodic fire clears out overgrown vegetation and creates the openings in the pine and oak canopy that this and many other species require. Controlled burns would be beneficial but these are difficult in this region because of nearby residential neighborhoods. Fires that start naturally are extinguished. Other threats to the plant include introduced plant species such as Natal grass ("Rhynchelytrum repens").

</doc>
<doc id="31105320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31105320" title="David Perry (barrister)">
David Perry (barrister)

David Perry QC is a senior English criminal barrister.
Perry was called to the bar in 1980 and took silk in 2006. He has built a reputation as a prosecutor in appeal courts, appearing in the House of Lords around 56 times. In addition to his work as a barrister, Perry has served as a deputy High Court judge since 2003.
In 2007, Perry advised the Crown Prosecution Service on the viability of prosecutions relating to the Cash for Honours scandal. He has also been involved in a number of high-profile cases, many of which have reached the House of Lords or European Court of Human Rights. Notable cases include prosecuting Abu Hamza, prosecuting in the landmark House of Lords decision R v G, representing the state in Pretty v United Kingdom and defending in Blue Arrow 
Colleagues are said to hold Perry in high regard. He has been described as 'a workaholic' who is said to work 14 hour days. He enjoys reading and gardening and is a Roman Catholic.

</doc>
<doc id="31105340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31105340" title="1769 Transit of Venus observed from Tahiti">
1769 Transit of Venus observed from Tahiti

On June 3, 1769, British navigator, Captain James Cook, British astronomer Charles Green and Swedish naturalist Daniel Solander observed and recorded the transit of Venus on the island of Tahiti during Cook's first voyage around the world. During a transit, Venus appears as a small black disc travelling across the Sun. This unusual astronomical phenomenon takes place in a pattern that repeats itself every 243 years. It includes two transits that are eight years apart, separated by breaks of 121.5 and 105.5 years "(the actual pattern is more complicated and changes over many millennia; the years given will remain valid for a few thousand years)". These men, along with a crew of scientists, were commissioned by the Royal Society of London for the primary purpose of viewing the transit of Venus. Not only would their findings help expand scientific knowledge, it would help with navigation by accurately calculating the observer's longitude. At this time, longitude was difficult to determine and not always precise. A "secret" mission that followed the transit included the exploration of the South Pacific to find the legendary Terra Australis Incognita or "unknown land of the South."
Background.
In 1663, Scottish mathematician James Gregory came up with the idea of using Venus or Mercury transits to determine the astronomical unit by measuring the apparent solar parallax between different points on the surface of the Earth. In a 1716 issue of the "Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society", Edmund Halley illustrated Gregory's theory more fully and explained further how it could establish the distance between the Earth and the Sun. In his report, Halley suggested places that a full transit should be viewed due to a "cone of visibility." Places he recommended for observing the phenomenon included the Hudson Bay, Norway and the Molucca Islands. The next transits would occur in 1761 and 1769. Halley died in 1742, almost twenty years before the transit.
The viewing of the 1761 transit involved the effort of 120 observers from nine nations. Thomas Hornsby reported the observations as unsuccessful primarily due to poor weather conditions. He alerted the Royal Society in 1766 that preparations needed to begin for the 1769 transit. Hornsby's publication in the "Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society" in 1766 focused attention on the "cone of visibility" indicating, like Halley, some of the better places to observe the transit. The Royal Society boasted that the British "were inferior to no nation on earth, ancient or modern" and were eager to make another attempt.
When choosing a location for viewing the transit, The Royal Society basically chose the locations Halley suggested in his 1716 article. The committee recommended that the transit be observed from three points: the North Cape at the Arctic tip of Norway, Fort Churchill at Hudson Bay Canada and a suitable island in the South Pacific. They stated that two competent observers were to be sent to each location. King George III approved of the project and arranged for the Navy to provide ships. He allocated 4000 pounds for the society to help with the expenses.
Choosing an island, a ship and a Captain.
In June 1767, British navigator, Samuel Wallis, discovered Tahiti. Wallis returned from his voyage in time to help the Royal Society decide that it would be an ideal location to observe the Transit of Venus. A big advantage was that Tahiti was one of the few islands in the South Pacific that they knew the longitude and latitude of. The Admiralty was not really interested in particularly where in the South Pacific the observation of the Venus transit would take place. They were more interested in the "secret" mission that would be revealed after the Venus transit observation: the search for the alleged southern continent. HMS Bark "Endeavour" was chosen to take the astronomers and other scientists to Tahiti. James Cook was commissioned as Lieutenant and appointed to command the vessel. Cook was the obvious choice as he was an outstanding seaman with navigational qualifications, a capable astronomer and had observed a 1766 annular eclipse in Newfoundland that was communicated to the Royal Society by John Bevis.
Preparation for the transit.
Once the "Endeavour" arrived on the island, Cook decided to set up the Venus transit observatory on shore. He required a completely stable platform which the ship could not provide and plenty of space to work with. The location of the observatory would be known as "Fort Venus." A sandy spit on the northeast end of Matavai Bay was chosen for the site. They began building Fort Venus two days after they arrived. They marked a perimeter and construction began. It had earthworks on three of its sides adjacent to deep channels. Wood was gathered to construct palisades that topped the earthworks. Casks from the ship were filled with wet sand and used for stability. The east side of the fort faced the river. Mounted guns were brought in from the ship. A gateway was assembled and within this fortification, fifty-four tents were pitched which housed the crew, scientists, and officers as well as the observatory, blacksmith equipment and a kitchen. Cook sent a party led by Zachary Hickes to a point on the east coast of the island for additional observations. John Gore led another group of thirty-eight more on a neighboring island of Eimeo (Moorea). Both parties were briefed and supplied with the needed equipment.
The day of the transit.
The observers were ordered to record the transit in four phases of Venus' journey across of the sun. The first phase was when Venus began "touching" the outside rim of the sun. In the second phase, Venus was completely within the sun's disc, but was still "touching" the outer rim. In the third phase, Venus has crossed the sun, was still completely within the disc, but was "touching" the opposite rim. Finally in the fourth phase, Venus was completely off the sun, but was still "touching" its outer rim.
On the day of the transit, the sky was clear. Independent observations were made by James Cook, Green and Solander with their own telescopes. Because of the rarity of the event, it was important to take accurate records. The next transit would not occur until 1874.
In his journal, Cook wrote:
Recording the exact moment of the phases proved to be impossible due to a phenomenon called the "Black drop effect." Originally, it was believed that the effect came from the thick atmosphere on Venus, but the haziness was too extensive for this to be the reason. Recent studies now reveal that it is actually turbulence in the Earth's atmosphere that leads to the smearing of the image of Venus.
Results of the 1769 transit observations.
The Royal Society was very disappointed in the results of data collected from the transit and Cook's report. The Tahiti observers had trouble with the timing of the stages and their drawings were inconsistent. They later found out that this was also true with the observers at the other locations. Observers from all over noted a haze or "black drop" that seemed to follow Venus making it very difficult to record time entry point on the sun and the exit from the sun.
For what they believed to be a failure in the observation, The Royal Society decided to blame Green who died on the voyage back to England. Cook's rebuke was so sharp that it was taken from the official proceedings of the Society. Green was not given the opportunity to personally present his own data nor could he defend himself.
Scientific community.
Halley's 1716 article called for observers to witness the transit at various places on the globe. The response from the scientific community was astounding. There were at least 120 observers at sixty-two individual posts for the 1761 transit. Observations took place not only in Europe, but also included Calcutta, Tobolsk, Siberia, the Cape of Good Hope, and St. John's in Newfoundland. The 1769 viewing also proved to also be a vast international endeavor. Even though the Seven Years' War was going on between Great Britain and France, the British Admiralty granted safe passage for French astronomer, Alexandre Guy Pingré on his way to view the 1761 transit. During Cook's journey to Tahiti, the French government instructed all its men-of-war not to harm the "Endeavour", since it was ‘out on enterprises of service to all mankind'. With the Venus Transits, astronomers of the eighteenth century illustrated unity in the scientific community.
The entente, however, passed by noted astronomers and surveyors Charles Mason and Jeremiah Dixon, who were attacked by the French, while voyaging to (unsuccessfully) observe the 1761 Transit in Sumatra.
Modern results compared to results from the 1769 transit.
Using the solar parallax values obtained from the 1769 transit, Hornsby wrote in "Philosophical Transitions" December 1771 that "the mean distance from the Earth to the Sun (is) 93,726,900 English miles." The radar-based value used today for the astronomical unit is . This is only a difference of eight-tenths of one percent. Considering what these astronomers had to work with, their results were "absolutely remarkable".

</doc>
<doc id="31105358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31105358" title="Giselbert van Loon">
Giselbert van Loon

Giselbert van Loon (c. 980 – c. 1045) was the first count of the County of Loon, a fief of the County of Haspinga.
It is not documented when Giselbert started his rule. He was Count until his death, sometime before 18 May 1046. Giselbert took the initiative to build a castle in Borgloon, the original center of the county. The castle was a motte-and-bailey, with a hall and a chapel in the front court. This front court forms the core of the later town of Borgloon. The castle itself was destroyed and the hill on which it stood was excavated in the 19th century. 
Giselbert was a son of Count Rodolf van Haspinga. Giselbert's brother Arnold succeeded his father as count of Haspinga. When Haspinga was donated to the Prince-bishopric of Liège, Loon, itself a fief of Haspinga, became a fief of Liege. It is likely that Giselbert and Arnold's brother Balderik, who was Prince-Bishop of Liège from 1008 to 1018, played a role in the donation of Haspinga to Liege.
At the end of his life, Giselbert was a guardian of the goods of the Saint-Jacobs-Abbey Liege, founded by his brother Balderik.
Giselbert was succeeded by his son Emmo and possibly Otto, who ruled the county together. Giselbert was married to Erlande of Geldenaken, and they had the following children:

</doc>
<doc id="31105361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31105361" title="Radical 19">
Radical 19

Radical 19 meaning "power" is one of the 23 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 2 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 163 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31105379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31105379" title="Rhythm Is It!">
Rhythm Is It!

Rhythm Is It! is a 2004 German documentary film directed by Thomas Grube and Enrique Sánchez Lansch. The film documents a project undertaken by the Berlin Philharmonic principal conductor Simon Rattle and choreographer Royston Maldoom who decided to popularize classical music by staging a performance of Igor Stravinsky's ballet "The Rite of Spring" with a cast of 250 children recruited from Berlin's public schools.
In Germany the film was released in theaters in September 2004 and by February 2005 it sold 400,000 tickets. The film also won several prizes, including two for Best Editing and Best Documentary at the 2005 German Film Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="31105398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31105398" title="Konstantinos Kosmopoulos">
Konstantinos Kosmopoulos

Konstantinos Kosmopoulos (; 1928 – February 12, 2011) was a Greek politician who served as the Mayor of Thessaloniki, Greece's second largest city, from 1989 to 1999. He was succeeded in office by Vasilis Papageorgopoulos.
Kosmopoulos died on February 12 2011, of a cardiac arrest at the age of 83.

</doc>
<doc id="31105406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31105406" title="Continental TD-300">
Continental TD-300

The Continental TD-300 is a four-cylinder, horizontally opposed aircraft Diesel engine produced by Continental Motors, Inc..
The engine was type certified by the US Federal Aviation Administration in April 2013.
Design and development.
In 2008, Teledyne Continental's new president, Rhett Ross, announced that the company is very concerned about future availability of 100LL avgas, and as a result will develop a Diesel engine in the range for certification in 2009 or 2010.
Rather than develop a new Diesel engine from scratch, Continental decided to license an existing design to develop. The company did not release details on which engine they licensed, but the aviation media have identified it as the French SMA SR305-230 engine.

</doc>
<doc id="31105422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31105422" title="Grady Municipal School District">
Grady Municipal School District

Grady Municipal School District is a school district headquartered in Grady, New Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="31105428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31105428" title="Meadowlark cooperative">
Meadowlark cooperative

The Meadowlark Cooperative, was a farming community near Agate, Colorado, administering the only private free land program in the United States . The cooperative provided many social services to its members and employing clean sources of energy, promoting recycling, requiring organic practices and was a culturally and religiously diverse and inclusive community 
The community enjoyed an unaffiliated non-profit newspaper, the Meadowlark Herald which is published in Elizabeth, Colorado and mails throughout the United States and has an online edition. The newspaper reports that dams, dikes, reservoirs and other major works were being undertaken within the cooperative.
The community closed in 2012
Geography.
Agate is located at (39.439756,-103.999157). 
It is located about four miles outside of Agate.

</doc>
<doc id="31105432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31105432" title="Amazon tax">
Amazon tax

Amazon.com has been criticized for collecting sales taxes from customers in only the following twenty-one U.S. states: Arizona, California, Connecticut, Florida, Georgia, Indiana, Kansas, Kentucky, Massachusetts, Nevada, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, North Dakota, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, Washington, West Virginia, Wisconsin. In response, several states have passed or are considering "Amazon tax" laws designed to compel Amazon to collect local sales and use taxes from customers. The U.S. has no federal sales tax.
In most countries where Amazon operates, a sales tax or value added tax is uniform throughout the country, and Amazon is obliged to collect it from all customers.
Background.
Proponents of forcing Amazon.com to collect sales tax—at least in states where it maintains a physical presence—argue the corporation wields an anti-competitive advantage over storefront businesses forced to collect sales tax. Tax opponents respond to this argument by pointing out that individual states could make storefront businesses more competitive by lowering or entirely eliminating sales tax. Amazon is under increasing legal and political pressure from state governments, traditional retailers and other groups because of its refusal to collect sales tax in 36 of the 45 states with a statewide sales tax (as of October, 2012). Those states include several where Amazon has a clear physical presence via distribution centers and wholly owned subsidiaries.
Amazon says it would support a federal solution to the sales tax problem as long as such legislation was fair and simple. As of May 2011 legislation has been introduced in Congress to allow states to impose sales taxes on sales to their residents from out-of-state. Amazon has not stated a public position on the bill. Amazon's competitors say it is insincere. Similar legislation, called the Main Street Fairness Act, failed in committee in 2010. Several earlier versions of the bill also failed to advance. Amazon lobbyists met four times with members of Congress or their aides in 2010 regarding the Main Street Fairness Act. The company spent $610,000 on lobbying in 2010, although these expenses also covered other bills discussed at the same time. Amazon has increased political contributions to federal lawmakers. Amazon's political action committee spent $214,000 during the 2010 election cycle, double what it spent for the 2008 elections.
State legislation.
Arkansas.
In 2011 Arkansas passed a bill requiring Amazon to collect sales tax. The bill took advantage of Amazon's use of affiliates based in Arkansas to establish the necessary physical nexus. Amazon responded by terminating the contracts of its Arkansas-based affiliates effective July 24, 2011.
California.
Rep. Nancy Skinner pushed legislation to tax online sales that was approved in 2009 as part of the state budget. Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger vetoed the legislation. On January 19, 2011 Skinner introduced similar legislation in the form of AB153 that later became law. The bill required out-of-state online sellers with affiliates in California to collect sales tax on purchases made by state residents. The affiliate provision was included to ensure that only sellers with a California nexus are taxed, as required by federal law. "This legislation will close the current loophole in tax law which has allowed out-of-state companies to avoid collecting California sales and use tax," stated Skinner. Skinner estimated that AB153 could produce between $250 million and $500 million per year in new revenue. She and other supporters of the bill believe that the election of Jerry Brown to the governorship and support from retailers such as Barnes & Noble will help the measure become law.
In 2011, Amazon threatened to terminate roughly 10,000 of its affiliates located in California if legislation pending in the state legislature to deem such affiliates as constituting a nexus that requires the collection of sales tax is passed. California affiliates would no longer receive commissions on referrals to Amazon. As of March 2011, four bills are pending in the state legislature that would define the use of associates located in California-* for sales referrals as activity subject to taxation by California. In a letter addressed to California's Board of Equalization, the agency responsible for collecting sales taxes, Amazon called such legislation "unconstitutional" and said it would terminate its California affiliates if passed. "If any of these new tax collection schemes were adopted, Amazon would be compelled to end its advertising relationships with well over 10,000 California-based participants in the Amazon 'Associates Program,'" wrote Paul Misener, Amazon's Vice President for Global Public Policy.
Responding to Amazon, Nancy Skinner said, "This is really about e-fairness. It's really to be fair and show our California Businesses that we're not hanging them out to dry.". According to the American Independent Business Alliance, the corporation has operations in at least seven California cities and should be forced to collect sales tax regardless of its threats.
In July 2011, Amazon made good on its promises to terminate California affiliates. According to the Performance Marketing Association, there were 25,000 Amazon affiliates based in California. However, on Amazon's website, under "United States Subsidiaries," listed are four California locations for A2Z Development Center Inc. - "an innovative customer-centric software development company" - including in San Francisco and Cupertino, where the Kindle was designed; a search engine company called A9.com in Palo Alto; and, in San Francisco, Alexa Internet, another Amazon search company.
Due to its opposition to rules that would require the company to collect sales tax, Amazon.com is facing a boycott from a coalition of California non-profits. One of the groups behind the boycott, Think Before You Click CA, says improved sales tax enforcement will bring in $200 million per year in additional revenue and encourage people to shop at local traditional retailers instead of online.
Compromise with Amazon.com.
In response to resistance from Amazon.com, other online retailers, and anti-tax groups, the State of California agreed to a delay of one year before requiring online retailers to begin collecting sales tax on sales to California addresses. In return for the one-year delay, Amazon.com says it will create 10,000 full-time jobs, 25,000 seasonal jobs, invest $500 million in various facilities in California over the next few years, and begin remitting sales taxes on orders shipped to California. Amazon is seeking "a lasting partnership with the state," said Amazon Vice President Paul Misener. Amazon said it will reinstate their California affiliates as early as this week in response to California temporarily repealing its sales tax law.
Governor Jerry Brown said, "This landmark legislation not only levels the playing field between online retailers and California’s brick-and-mortar businesses, it will also create tens of thousands of jobs and inject hundreds of millions of dollars back into critical services like education and public safety in future years."
Colorado.
In response to HB 10-1193 passed in 2010 Amazon.com terminated its relationship with all affiliates located in Colorado. The bill originally sought to tax sales to Colorado residents by online retailers with Colorado affiliates. The bill was amended to remove all reference to affiliates in order to discourage Amazon from cutting ties with them. The final bill required large online retailers to either remit tax on sales to Colorado residents or provide information on Colorado customers to the state. In spite of this move Amazon still decided to terminate its Colorado affiliates.
Connecticut.
In May 2011 Gov. Dannel P. Malloy signed legislation that requires online retailers to collect sales tax if they have Connecticut-based affiliates. The legislation aims to raise $9.4 million. Amazon said Connecticut’s legislation violates Quill Corporation v. North Dakota and immediately moved to terminate its affiliate relationships in Connecticut. Amazon accused traditional retailers such as Wal-Mart of being behind Connecticut's new law.
“We opposed this new tax law because it is unconstitutional and counterproductive. It was supported by big-box retailers, most of which are based outside Connecticut, that seek to harm the affiliate advertising programs of their competitors. Similar legislation in other states has led to job and income losses, and little, if any, new tax revenue," Amazon said in a letter to its affiliates.
Amazon has agreed to collect sales tax in CT starting November 1, 2013. Amazon has also agreed to invest $50 million in Connecticut and to create hundreds of new full-time jobs in the state.
Florida.
In an editorial supporting tax equity for online sales the "St. Petersburg Times" wrote, "The bookstore chain Borders did not cite Florida's outdated sales tax law last week when it announced it would shutter four of five Tampa Bay stores as it enters Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings. But the competitive disadvantage for the state's retailers that the Florida Legislature refuses to address is at least partially to blame. As long as Internet-only sellers such as Amazon.com can get away with not collecting state sales tax and effectively sell their products for at least 6 percent less, Florida merchants pay the price. It's past time for lawmakers to work toward a level playing field."
Kentucky.
In an editorial "The State" criticized the incentives given to Amazon to build a distribution center in Lexington. They wrote that deal with Amazon created "...yet another exemption in our Swiss-cheese tax code, and surrender what little leverage we have to collect taxes on the fastest-growing segment of the retail sector — from which we derive the largest share of the revenue that runs state government. It’s only a small step from giving Amazon a five-year exemption from collecting the sales taxes from S.C. residents to giving that same break to WalMart, Target and all the other businesses that offer online shopping — as one Senate amendment actually proposed to do."
Illinois.
Illinois passed legislation to tax online sales made to consumers located in the state. In March 2011 Gov. Pat Quinn signed the "Main Street Fairness Act," which targets online retailers with Illinois affiliates. Quinn said the act would help create fair competition and generate more revenue for the state. Illinois estimates that it loses $153 million in sales taxes every year due to the fact that out-of-state retailers do not remit sales tax on purchases made by Illinois residents. Some online retailers have responded to this legislation and similar efforts in other states by threatening income tax revenues collected from their online affiliates. Amazon, along with Overstock.com, has threatened to terminate affiliates in states that demand that sales tax be collected by online retailers, including Illinois. Wal-Mart responded by inviting online businesses based in Illinois to join its affiliate network.
The Illinois Policy Institute has said that the law has been "all pain and no gain." While it was "sold as a significant revenue raiser and a step toward improved tax fairness, it is accomplishing little more than pushing online entrepreneurs out of state."
The law was declared unconstitutional in October 2013 by the Illinois Supreme Court.
Missouri.
Two legislators in Missouri have proposed joining the Streamlined Sales Tax Project to ensure that the state collects sales tax on goods shipped from online retailers located out-of-state. Currently Missourians are required to remit use tax for purchases made online but the state government has no practical method to force compliance. Legislative staff report that taxing online sales should significantly increase revenue. Rep. Margo McNeil cited a University of Tennessee study saying that Missouri stands to lose $187 million in 2011 by not taxing online sales. McNeil also said the streamlined sales tax is a good way to end the unfair advantages enjoyed by online retailers over traditional businesses. "The tax is a step in trying to even the playing field because right now we have a lot of people who are going in and using the stores as a showroom and then going home and buying on the Internet ...," McNeil said.
New Jersey.
According to Bloomberg, Amazon is set to begin collecting sales tax in NJ on July 1 of 2013.
New York.
In 2008, New York State passed a law that would force online retailers to collect sales taxes on shipments to state residents. Shortly after the law was signed, Amazon filed a complaint in the New York Supreme Court objecting to the law. The complaint wasn't based on whether in-state customers should pay tax, but upon the long-standing practice of it being the responsibility of the customer to report the sales tax (known as use tax in this case) and not that of the out-of-state businesses. The lawsuit was tossed out of court in January 2009, when New York State Supreme Court Justice Eileen Bransten stated "there is no basis upon which Amazon can prevail."
As of 2011 Overstock.com is suing New York state to prevent being required to collect sales taxes on goods shipped to New York residents. In order to comply with the physical presence requirement of Quill Corp. v. North Dakota the law targets out-of-state retailers who make use of New York based affiliates. Overstock.com argues that the use of affiliates is not enough to meet the physical presence test and that the law thus violates the Commerce Clause. In addition to filing suit, Overstock.com has terminated its 3,400 affiliates in New York.
Nevada.
Legislation that would have required Amazon to collect sales tax on purchases shipped to Nevada failed in committee in the state legislature in May 2011. The legislation was proposed by the Retail Association of Nevada and was expected to generate $16 million annually in additional sales tax collections. Concerns about whether such a move might prompt Amazon.com to close its distribution center in the state were partially responsible for derailing this legislation. However, in April 2012, an agreement was reached that would require Amazon to collect sales tax from Nevada customers beginning in 2014.
North Carolina.
Due to state laws, Amazon does not allow North Carolina residents to participate in the Amazon Affiliates program.
Starting February 1st, 2014, Amazon will begin collecting NC State sales tax on orders. 
Ohio.
A study released by the University of Cincinnati in October 2011 determined that Ohio's state government could increase tax revenue by at least $200 million per year if Congress were to require online retailers to collect and remit sales taxes. Ohio consumers who make online purchases are already required to self-report and pay sales tax but compliance is rare. According to the study, even though more than 60 percent of households in the state made at least one purchase from an online retailer in 2010 less than 1 percent of Ohio state income tax returns included tax payments for such purchases.
Pennsylvania.
The Pennsylvania Department of Revenue released a sales tax bulletin on December 1, 2011 outlining the Commonwealth's interpretation of the Tax Reform Code of 1971 (TRC). The bulletin focuses on the Commonwealth's definition of a nexus for the purposes of collecting sales tax, and points out that the TRC defines a business as "maintaining a place of business in this Commonwealth" if that business engages in an activity within the Commonwealth "either directly or through a subsidiary, representative, or agent, in connection with the lease, sale or delivery of tangible personal property."
While issuing the sales tax bulletin, Revenue Secretary Dan Meuser said that the Commonwealth would lose an estimated $380 million in 2011 due to the non-collection of online sales taxes. At issue is the presence of four Amazon Fulfillment Centers located in Pennsylvania. Early in December 2011, Meuser said that if out-of-state sellers who haven’t previously collected state sales tax register and start collecting the taxes by February 1, 2012, then the Commonwealth would not seek payments of back taxes. After this deadline, Meuser said the Commonwealth would take enforcement action seeking back taxes. On January 27, 2012, Meuser said that the new tax collection policy was being granted a one time extension until September 1, 2012 because the original "compliance deadline impractical from operational and technical standpoints." Amazon began collecting sales tax in the state beginning on that September 1 deadline.
South Carolina.
Amazon had agreed to open a distribution center near Columbia, South Carolina that would employ 1,200 people in exchange for a five-year exemption from collection of sales taxes from shoppers in South Carolina. The state House of Representatives rejected the deal in April 2011 and Amazon cancelled plans for its distribution center. Amazon resumed negotiations and offered 2,000 jobs in exchange for a sales tax exemption and other incentives. Under a compromise approved by the South Carolina state legislature in May 2011, Amazon agreed to notify South Carolina customers by email that sales tax was owed on their purchases but shoppers would still be responsible for paying the tax by themselves. Governor Nikki Haley says she plans to allow the bill to become law without signing it.
In a statement made after the deal for Amazon passed the state House the Alliance for Main Street Fairness said, “Today’s vote in the South Carolina House of Representatives is just one step in the process, yet it’s unfortunate that the majority of the House favors special deals for one prospective retailer at the expense of our state’s existing employers and their 375,000 employees. The vote is particularly disappointing in light of dubious, last minute promises that certainly appear to have influenced some legislators to switch their vote. We’ll rally our troops and voice our concerns to the Senate where we hope they will come to a more fair and rational decision. The case against this special deal continues to grow on a daily basis."
Main Street expressed strong disapproval of the South Carolina Senate's approval of this arrangement. In a press release Main Street said, “Nobody complained when Amazon was given free land, property tax cuts, job tax credits and a repeal of the limits on weekend sales. But in the end, this special exemption only passed after backroom deals and last-minute promises were made by Amazon officials – something which should disappoint everyone interested in transparency and good government."
South Carolina has passed legislation that would require Amazon and other internet retailers to start collecting sales tax in 2016. As of January 2012, Amazon is not currently collecting sales tax on purchases made by South Carolina residents but the company has agreed to notify South Carolina residents that they face liability for sales tax.
Texas.
In 2010, Texas sent a demand letter for $269 million in sales taxes that the state argues should have been collected and remitted for sales to Texas customers. This dollar amount covers uncollected taxes from December 2005 to December 2009 and also includes penalties and interest. Texas authorities began an investigation of Amazon's tax status after a May 2008 report by "The Dallas Morning News" questioned why Amazon does not collect sales tax from Texas customers despite maintaining a distribution center in Irving near the Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport. Amazon argues that this distribution center, owned by Amazon.com KYDC LLC, located at the same address as Amazon's corporate headquarters in Seattle, is a legally separate entity and thus does not establish a physical presence in Texas that would require Amazon to collect sales taxes. Amazon has decided to close the Irving distribution center in order to avoid future attempts by Texas to force the collection of sales taxes. 
Texas Comptroller Susan Combs faced skeptical questions and criticism from members of the Texas Senate Finance Committee February 16, 2011 over her attempts to collect back sales tax from Amazon.com. Combs replied by saying that all businesses must obey the law "It is our belief that this is a very, very clear issue about nexus. As I say, this started probably because of catalog sales 47 years ago in 1963," said Combs. Combs also cited a Texas law to back up her argument that Amazon is required to collect sales taxes: "A retailer is engaged in business in this state if the retailer: 1.) maintains, occupies, or uses in this state permanently, temporarily, directly, indirectly or through a subsidiary or agent, however named, an office, place of distribution, sales or sample room or place, warehouse, storage place, or any other place of business.” The Dallas Morning News published an editorial supporting Combs' efforts to collect sales tax from Amazon.com on 17 February 2011. The paper wrote, "It defies logic that a book bought online can elude sales tax while the same book bought in a bookstore can’t. A sales transaction is a sales transaction, and if one is taxed, why shouldn’t the other be taxed as well?"
In March 2010 State Rep. Linda Harper-Brown filed House Bill 2719. House Bill 2719 would allow Amazon to avoid Texas sales tax by amending the state tax code to exempt companies or individuals from being classified as retailers or being ordered to provide state agencies with information on purchases made in Texas. if they make use of "only a fulfillment center...or computer server." House Bill 2719 stands in sharp contrast to House Bill 2403, introduced by Rep. John Otto. House Bill 2403 would close loopholes in the Texas tax code that support Amazon's claim of being exempt from collecting sales tax.
Legislation pushed by Rep. John Otto to require Amazon and other online retailers with a physical nexus in the state of Texas to collect and remit sales tax became law in 2011. The legislation deems any company with a store, distribution center, or other place of business in Texas as having a physical nexus there for the purpose of collecting sales tax. Otto said that Amazon contended that they did not need to collect the state sales tax because the company did not have a store front in the state and that a subsidiary owned their distribution center in Irving, Texas.
In April 2012, Amazon agreed to create 2,500 jobs and invest $200 million in new distribution centers in Texas if the state forgave $269 million in back sales taxes. Under the agreement, Amazon began collecting sales taxes from Texas customers beginning July 1, 2012.
Tennessee.
Amazon attempted to avoid being required to collect Tennessee sales tax during negotiations with economic development officials to build two warehouses outside of Chattanooga. Amazon argues that its warehouses are not directly affiliated with the company and thus do not create a nexus that would require the collection of sales taxes. Tennessee revenue officials will not reveal any specific information on a deal with Amazon as they claim doing so would violate state confidentiality laws.
A legal opinion by the state attorney general affirmed the constitutionality of a proposed bill in the state legislature that would require Amazon to collect sales tax on goods it ships to Tennessee residents. The opinion also stated that Amazon's construction of distribution centers in the state constitutes a physical nexus.
According to study done by the University of Tennessee’s Center for Business and Economic Research, the Tennessee state government and local governments will lose about $410 million in tax revenue in 2011 due to online sales.
Virginia.
As of January 2012 State Senator Frank Wagner has introduced legislation that would require companies with a distribution center, warehouse, fulfillment center, office, or other such location in the Commonwealth of Virginia to collect and remit sales tax. Amazon has announced its intent to build two distribution centers in Richmond. This legislation is supported by the Alliance for Main Street Fairness.
On January 22, 2012, Gov. Robert F. McDonnell’s office announced that an agreement that Amazon.com would begin collecting state sales tax had been reached with Amazon.com and members of the General Assembly . The announcement notes that Amazon.com will begin collecting and remitting Virginia sales tax on September 1, 2013.
Affiliates.
Amazon is often able to overcome threats from state governments by cutting ties with local partners or leaving the state in question. Amazon severed its relationships with affiliates in Colorado due to efforts by the state government to collect sales tax on internet purchases. Amazon has threatened similar action against affiliates in Illinois over the same issue. In February 2011, Amazon announced that it would be closing its Dallas, Texas distribution center over the sales-tax dispute.
Entity isolation.
Amazon has created subsidiaries that are treated separately for tax matters, a legal technique called "entity isolation". The subsidiary that developed the Kindle is in California, but because it doesn't sell the Kindle directly to customers, Amazon's legal position is that it isn't required to collect sales taxes in California. In the company's financial report for the quarter ending September 30, 2009, the company stated that the imposition of sales-tax collection by more states or Congress could "decrease our future sales."

</doc>
<doc id="31105437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31105437" title="IX Army Corps (Germany)">
IX Army Corps (Germany)

German IX. Corps (IX. Armeekorps) was a corps in the German Army during World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="31105441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31105441" title="Hrbáček">
Hrbáček

Hrbáček or Hrbacek is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31105471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31105471" title="Jech">
Jech

Jech is a Czech surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31105500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31105500" title="Eva Ingolf">
Eva Ingolf

Eva Ingolf is a well known Icelandic violinist particularly recognized for her authoritative performances of solo works by J. S. Bach. She comes from a leading musical family and her father, Ingólfur Guðbrandsson, premiered many of the great choral works in Iceland and six of her sisters and brothers are professional musicians who have made an important contribution to the high quality of the musical life in the country.
Eva Ingolf currently lives in New York City with her husband Kristinn Sv. Helgason, an official of the United Nations Secretariat and their daughter, Andrea Kristinsdóttir, a musician and actress.
Education.
She began violin studies at a young age, gaining early recognition for outstanding musical talent, including the beautiful tone and artistic interpretation of her playing. After studying at the Conservatory of Reykjavík for 6 years, Eva left Iceland to study with some of Europe’s finest violin pedagogues. Her playing has been greatly influenced by the spirit of the Russian and East-European violin schools. At the Royal Conservatory of Brussels, she was a student of Prof. Leon-Ara, followed by studies with Prof. Corrado Romano at the Conservatory of Geneva and Prof. Istvan Parkanyi at the Sweelink Conservatory in Amsterdam During these years she won many awards, as well as scholarships to study with world renowned pedagogues such as Stephan Gheorghiu, Victor Pikaizen, Zachar Bron and Tibor Varga.
Career.
Throughout her career, Eva has given numerous solo recitals in well-known concert halls in Iceland, Japan, United States, Russia and Europe, including regularly at the Weill Recital Hall at Carnegie Hall, the Trinity Church in New York City and the Corcoran Gallery of Art in Washington D.C., receiving high acclaim from music critics as well as the general public. She has released two highly regarded CDs on the Japis label. Eva has also recorded for the Icelandic State Radio. In 1995-1996, she undertook studies in composition, conducting and orchestration at Harvard University.
Instrument.
Eva plays on a violin made by Matteo Gofriller in 1720, formerly the concert instrument of the well-known Russian violinist, Dmitri Tsyganov, leader of the legendary Beethoven Quartet, which premiered many of the works by Shostakovich, Prokofief and other leading Russian composers

</doc>
<doc id="31105513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31105513" title="Somewhere in Time (Reckless Kelly album)">
Somewhere in Time (Reckless Kelly album)

Somewhere in Time is the sixth studio album by American Red Dirt group Reckless Kelly. It was released on February 9, 2010 by Yep Roc Records. The album peaked at number 22 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31105514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31105514" title="Leo Klejn">
Leo Klejn

Lev Samuilovich Klejn (born 1927), better known as Leo Klejn, is a Russian archaeologist, anthropologist and philologist.
Early life.
Klejn was born on 1 July 1927 in Vitebsk, Belarus, to two Jewish physicians, Polish-born Stanislav Semenovich (originally Samuil Simkhovich) and Asya Moysseevna. Both of Klejn's grandparents were wealthy: one a factory owner, the other a highly ranked merchant. Stanislav Semenovich served as a medical officer in the anti-Bolshevik Volunteer Army during the Russian Civil War. By the end of the war he had joined the Red Army, but was never a member of the Communist Party.
In 1941 both of Klejn's parents were drafted to serve in the Great Patriotic War, while the rest of the family were evacuated, first to Volokolamsk and then Egoryevsk near Moscow, and then to Yoshkar-Ola in the Mari ASSR. There Klejn worked on a collective farm before leaving school at the age of 16 and being attached to the 3rd Belorussian Front as a civilian. After the war the family settled in Grodno and Klejn studied for a year at a Railway Technical School.
While still in high school Klejn created an underground liberal organisation called 'Prometheus'. This drew the attention of the KGB, but owing to the age of those involved there were no serious consequences.
Career.
Upon graduating high school Klejn entered the Grodno Pedagogical Institute in the Faculty of Language and History. In 1947, after a year there, he spoke against the First Secretary of Grodno's Party Committee at a conference and was forced to leave. He transferred to Leningrad State University, first as a corresponding student, and then full-time. At Leningrad he studied both archaeology under Mikhail Artamonov and Russian philology under Vladimir Propp. While there he continued to act contrary to Party dogma by reading a paper criticising the work of Nicholas Marr. Klejn escaped expulsion for this, however, as shortly thereafter Marr's theories were denounced by Stalin himself. Graduating with honours from the Faculty of History in 1951, Klejn worked as a librarian and high school teacher for six years before returning to Leningrad for postgraduate studies in archaeology. He began working in the Department of Archaeology in 1960 and became an Assistant Professor there in 1962. This was unusual as Klejn was a Jew and not a member of the Party, but he was appointed to the position by a special session of the faculty's Party Bureau on the strength of his academic qualifications. He was awarded a Candidate of Sciences degree (equivalent to a PhD) in 1968, defending a thesis on the origins of the Donets Catacomb culture. In 1976 he was made Docent (Associate Professor).
Klejn's first printed work was published in 1955; his first monograph in 1978. He participated in a series of archaeological fieldwork expeditions in Russia, Belarus and Ukraine, the last 5 seasons as head of the expedition. These included excavations of early Rus' towns and Bronze Age and Scytho-Sarmatian barrows.
Persecution.
Klejn continued to chafe against the Party-backed academic establishment as a teacher. In the 1960s, he organised a series of seminars on the Varangian theory of the origins of the Kievan Rus' where he contradicted the anti-Normanist position. Then in the seventies he began working on theoretical problems in history and archaeology—a subject that had been completely neglected since Stalin's purges of academia in the 1930s—and found himself contradicting the orthodox Marxist theory of historical materialism. His frequent publication in foreign journals also caused alarm.
In the early 1970s Klejn's brother Boris, then teaching in a Grodno institute, was dismissed and stripped of his degree and title for speaking against the introduction of Soviet troops into Czechoslovakia. His friendship with the disgraced Belarusian writer Vasil Bykov also played a part in this. Then in 1981 Klejn himself was arrested for homosexuality on the orders of the KGB. During a search pornography was planted on him, but too crudely, and the court could not accept the evidence. Nevertheless, Klejn was convicted and imprisoned. The scholarly community, however, interpreted this as an attempt to get rid of a troublemaker rather than a genuine accusation and came to his defence. Klejn neither affirmed nor denied the charge, even after homosexuality was decriminalised, on the basis that an individual's sexual orientation is not the concern of society or the state. But in his account he relates a parallel "investigation" conducted by his fellow inmates (to determine his treatment) which concluded he was not a homosexual. Eventually the initial sentence was overturned by a higher court and commuted to eighteen months detention, which by this time Klejn had almost served. After his release Klejn, like his brother, was stripped of his degree and title. He recorded his prison experiences under the pen name Lev Samoylov in the journal "Neva" and in his own name in the book "The World Turned Upside Down"
Later career.
Klejn remained without an academic position for ten years following his release. Following "perestroika" he began publishing again and, in 1994, defended a new thesis and was awarded a Doctor of Sciences degree by unanimous vote. He co-founded the European University at St. Petersburg and taught there until his retirement in 1997 at the age of 70. Since then he has been a visiting scholar at a number of institutions, including the Universities of West Berlin, Vienna, Durham, Copenhagen, Lubljana, Turku, Tromse, Washington in Seattle and the Higher Anthropological School of Moldova. In 2001 he stopped teaching following treatment for cancer; but continues to research and publish. He is currently a columnist in the "Troitsky Variant".
Work.
A whole series of Klejn’s books and articles on this subject are terminated by his Metaarchaeology of 2001 (in Russian Introduction to theoretical archaeology of 2004).
Theoretical archaeology.
Klejn has been a one of the world's leading writers on theoretical archaeology, a term he coined, since the 1970s. According to Klejn, archaeological theories are programs of information processing based on a particular explanatory idea. Additionally, theories become methodology by stipulating a set of standard techniques.
Klejn's elaboration of a special theory for archaeology went against the Soviet view that historical materialism was the only theoretical basis of the humanities. It also was in conflict with the traditional Soviet understanding of historical studies, which saw history as embracing all other humanistic and social scientific disciplines studying the past. According to Klejn, archaeology is not a sub-field of history nor "history armed with a spade", as an influential school of Russian archaeology maintained, but a source-studying discipline similar to forensic science in its methodology. It processes archaeological sources, and translates them into the language of history, and finally transfers them to the historian for their incorporation into a historical synthesis. Archaeology's typical questions are what, when, where, whence and how, whereas the historian's question is why – or from what cause.
Klejn places particular emphasis upon rigorous methods of interpretation, in order to guard against the manipulation of antiquities in the service of political aims. His 'echeloned archaeology' outlined three research procedures: empirical, deductive and problem-setting, each with a clear succession of stages of investigation, adjusted to different aims of research. His work on classification and typology in archaeology attempted to outline a strategy for producing classifications that are both useful and objectively valid. This 'systemic' approach, which has been influential in Russian archaeology, stressed that some initial knowledge about the material to be classified as a whole is necessary to construct a reliable system of classification, and therefore that the process must work 'backwards' (relative to the received procedure) from cultures to attributes.
Philological works.
Klejn’s Homeric studies are remarkable in Russian philology – the books Anatomy of Iliad, Incorporeal Heroes and other works (they are nearly unknown to the West since they have not yet been translated). Klejn’s studies of Homer in the ’80s issued from his study of the Bronze Age of Europe (for many years he gave a course of lectures on the Bronze Age of Europe at Leningrad University). He paid heed to the fact that the city excavated in Hissarlyk (Turkey) is radically different from Troy as described in the Iliad. Aside from the inconsistencies between text and reality, it might be wondered why the main heroes and other phenomena have double names. In the epic: Troy is Ilios, the river Scamandre is also Xanthos, the Trojan prince is called sometimes Paris, sometimes Alexander; the main heroes of Greeks, Achilles and Diomedes, perceive the same deeds and even are wounded in the same spot (in the ankle) and in the poem they don’t meet each other - when one emerges the other disappears. Klejn reached the conclusion that Germans of the 19th and early 20th centuries (H. Düntzer, Th. Bergk, A. Fick, P. Kauer, E. Bethe a. o.) were right: the epic was put together from different songs having their own (and parallel) heroes. By means of a statistical analysis Klejn showed that this parallelism is matched by distribution of epithets as well as by the distribution of words (in the original Greek of course). In this manner it appeared possible to discern in the text 6 independent sources united in the epic as scattered parts interspersed with each other.
Further studies showed that the main heroes of Iliad – Achilles, Ajax, Nestor and others were not historical personalities as they are presented in the epic but rather half-mythical cult heroes almost akin to Christian saints, each responsible for a special sphere of life: Achilles was a warden of ships, Nestor a healer, Odysseus a magician and fortune-teller and so on, and in the poem, however they are addressed, they are essentially occupied with their initial business.
Klejn (in common with some scholars before him) came to the inference that there was no historical Trojan war and no capture of Troy by Greeks. We possess not the slightest of archaeological proofs for these things, while, on the contrary, there are plenty of refutations. In general, epic is a genre in which bad events (for the people) are transformed into just the reverse: defeats turn out to be victories. The city excavated by Schliemann is not Troy at all, although it is Ilios. In the Hittite written sources two different towns are mentioned in the West of Asia Minor: Truya – this is Troy, and Wilusa – this is Greek (W)ilios.
In Klejn’s books there are many maps, comparative tables and statistical charts. The most eminent Russian historian of the ancient world Igor M. Dyakonov declared in print that Klejn’s inferences are impossible to disprove and that possibly from these books a new epoch in Homeric studies begins.
Klejn’s anthropologic studies.
Klejn himself holds that his communication theory of cultural evolution is his most interesting contribution to anthropology, although he could not succeed in working out this theory in detail (it is presented only in some minor articles). Many modern students imagine culture as a certain amount of information. But if so, then the transmission of culture from one generation to the next can be presented as a net of communication spread over time rather than in space alone. In that case, the flow of information will be exposed to the impact of the same factors as influence any chain of communication (radio, telephone etc.). In order that the information get through, we need repetition, a quantity of channels with a good transmission capacity etc.. It remains to be worked out what cultural phenomena - promoting or hindering the transmission of information - correspond to these physical factors. For instance, channels of communication might include family, school, court, club, etc.. The repetition of the cultural information might be daily (washing yourself, table customs etc.), or weekly (division on weekdays and holydays), etc..
It may be possible to include mathematical formulas of cultural evolution within this theory; and it may be possible to use this theory in the present day for the, so to say, indirect direction of culture. There are explanatory uses for this theory in archaeology. For instance, with respect to the explanation of migration: if only a fraction of the population moved – say, young warriors – they simply could not learn from their homeland those forms of culture that were only seldom repeated, for example, burial customs. In such a case although a migration might have occurred we would not necessarily expect to find the wholesale transference of all forms of culture.
In a number of works Klejn discusses the idea of the contradiction between modern culture and the nature of man. This treatment is far from the Rousseau’s mood and is built on the basis of socio-biology. Developing the ideas of Lorenz and Desmond Morris, Klejn’s idea is built upon the fact that in every stage of man’s biological evolution man has been formed by adaptation to conditions not only of the natural environment but also of the socio-cultural milieu. However tempos of socio-cultural evolution are much faster than those of biological evolution: socio-cultural evolution has no need to wait for generations to change. While biological evolution has not terminated even a single stage of homo sapiens, socio-cultural evolution has gone through the Upper Palaeolithic, Mesolithic, Eneolithic, Neolithic, Bronze and Iron Ages, and all epochs of civilization, and has now entered the Atomic and Computer Age. Yet our psycho-physiological characteristics remain the same as in the Stone Age – they were, and are, adapted to those conditions. This accords with Freud’s observation: we are discontent with modern culture because we are not by our nature adapted to it. Hence there are a number of specific deceases and psychic problems that are developing into social ones. Yet in culture a number of compensatory mechanisms exist to diminish this tension. However, when in some milieus there is a lack of culture, from man’s inside there bursts a savage, and thus society, when left to self-organization (as in Lord of the Flies), restores (mutatis mutandis) primordial forms of life. This can be seen in the example of hard labour camps, bullying (by age) among army troops, etc..
This idea is worked out by Klejn in the book The World Turned Upside Down (in journal form 1988–1991 and in the book form 1993, several editions and translations, the last 2010).
A study of East Slavic pagan religion is another theme of Klejn’s anthropological studies. Having found traces of Perun’s cult in Vaynakh (Chechen and Ingush) folklore, Klejn first looked for historical remnants of an ancient intrusion of Slavic paganism into the Caucasus. He connected the traces of Perun’s cult not only with those sparse relics of this cult that were kept in Russian culture but also with the wide circle of ethnographic phenomena of that culture. Perun’s cult appeared to be connected with images of Rusalka, Yarilo, Kostroma and others. Klejn interpreted Perun himself to be a dying and resurrecting god (many such gods are found in the mythologies of various countries). Many other problems were also solved. So, Maslenitsa appeared to be, according to Klejn, not an ancient festival, but pagan solstice rites that were moved aside to make way for Christian fasts. Klejn considers Veles to be a late deity imitating the Christian St. Vlasius. These positions are mainly expounded in the book Resurrection of Perun: an approach to the reconstruction of East-Slavic pagan religion.
Klejn’s book on music, Harmony through the Ages, was published in 2010. Having also a musical education (piano), in his student years Klejn was the leader of a popular music group, in his teaching years he was responsible for amateur musical performances at the University. In the ’70s he wrote a book on music where he established connections between rock and classical music, but the manuscript, having slipped into Samizdat, had to be brought before the KGB and was not published at that time. It has not become obsolete. Klejn’s reflections on music are of an anthropological character. He considers various systems of harmony and establishes their correspondence to the social psychology of different epochs. Many systems of classical music influence, and have their equivalents, in popular music. The book is not written exclusively for professional musicians: it is in accessible language.
After Klejn was accused of homosexual relations, he became interested in the question of homosexuality in general and began to study it. Approaching it as an anthropologist, he classifies the question as falling under the rubric of the anthropology of deviant behaviour. Klejn comes to the conclusion that homosexuality is not in any way contagious and is not inherited through the male line, that in different societies and in different epochs its distribution is approximately equal, only the degree of reticence varies. Klejn consistently advocates its decriminalisation and de-medicalisation but at the same time, as distinct of other liberal figures, he a) considers homosexuality in its biological respect a pathology (while, in cultural respects, norms of behaviour are conventional and culturally dependent); b) he does not consider gay-pride actions (mistakenly called in Russia gay-parades) to be reasonable and appropriate (actions in defence of the civil rights of gays are another issue); c) he is sharply critical of the homosexual sub-culture.
His book The Other Love considers various theories and views on homosexuality from ancient times to the present, theories about the origins of homosexuality, and the evolution of homosexuality in various societies and in various historical periods. The book Another Side of the Luminary considers the unusual love of outstanding personalities. Specifically it is devoted to homosexuality in the life stories of well-known Russian figures, from Ivan the Terrible to Rudolf Nureev. Still in manuscript there is a third book devoted to non-Russian figures, from Socrates and Plato to Leonardo and President Lincoln. The aim of the book is not to justify homosexuality by referencing famous homosexuals but rather to consider how outstanding personalities coped with this difficult psychological problem – not all of them are regarded as positive figures.
Among Klejn’s entire works this topic occupies a relatively small space, but it is reasonable to provide brief expositions of these books because on the internet these books have been frequently reproduced, but in a misleading way – usually without the inclusion of critical chapters - and so give a false impression.
Klejn’s Influence.
One may sometimes meet the expression “Klejn’s school”. However, Klejn himself withholds judgement as to whether such a school exists is a matter of convention: it is dependent upon what is taken as a ‘school’. Yet his impact on archaeology (and not only archaeology) is undoubted and is underlined by the calling of a discussion of his work at an international conference in December 2011 in England. This will be devoted to Klejn’s contribution to Russian, European and world archaeology. A number of known scholars had the experience of Klejn’s seminar: V. S. Bochkarev, V. A. Safronov, M. B. Shchukin, G. S. Lebedev, V. A. Bulkin, B. A. Raev, Yu.Yu. Piotrovsky, I. V. Dubov, E. N. Nosov, Yu. M. Lesman, L. B. Vishnyatsky, E. M. Kolpakov, O. A. Shcheglova, A. D. Rezepkin, V. Ya. Stegantseva, V. A. Dergachev, A. A. Kovalev, A. M. Smirnov, S. Zh. Pustovalov, and many others. V. A. Lynsha and other students who came to Leningrad from other universities, in order to supplement their training, also established themselves as Klejn’s pupils. Those who studied under Klejn’s guidance or experienced his influence were not only archaeologists; there were, among others, also the philosopher-logician B. I. Fedorov, the anthropologist A. G. Kozintsev, the linguist N. N. Kazansky, the orientalist M. A. Rodionov, the art historian V. V. Esipov.
In some measure the influence of Klejn’s ideas affected the whole of Leningrad-Petersburg archaeology as well as many archaeologists in northwest Russia, Siberia, Ukraine and Moldavia; archaeologists in Moscow were also affected by Klejn’s work to the extent that it was through him that ideas from outside of Russia became known.
As concerns relations with Western archaeology, in the most difficult years for international cooperation it was Klejn who showed to world archaeologists that Soviet archaeology was nevertheless “no longer from another planet” (Trigger’s expression). He supported the virtues of Russian archaeology in that he demonstrated that it contained erudition, the urge toward objectivity and creative potentials.
Political views.
L. S. Klejn is a convinced adherent of liberal values, and an adversary of xenophobia and nationalism. He is a whole-hearted supporter of civil rights, but his democratic ideal is qualified: he does not idealise egalitarianism and anarchy. His humanitarianism is also qualified: in his view charity should not stimulate parasitism and so do harm to society. He is unsatisfied with the oversimplified polar contraposition between patriotism and rusophobia.
He rejects patriotism reduced to xenophobia, fright and hate. To him, such sort of patriotism is “the last refuge of a scoundrel”. Proper patriotism is love of one’s own country and people, and does not exclude esteem for other peoples. It is based on love and not hate. A sincere love is conjugated with the desire for one’s people and country to reach towards perfection, and to correct the faults - and therefore to reveal them. And so criticism of a beloved people and country is not rusophobia but a proper patriotism, whereas the desire to hide defects reveals indifference to the people and the country, characteristic of populism and a slavish longing to serve those in power. In his article `Diagnosis', Klejn details the ongoing process of Nazification of Russia both from above and below.
Selected bibliography.
For a full bibliography (over 500 titles) see Archaeology.ru and to 2000 Arkheolog: Detectiv i myslitel’ (Archaeologist: detective and thinker). Collection of studies devoted to 77th year of Lev Samuilovich Klejn (ed. by L. B. Vishniatsky, A. A. Kovalev, O. A. Schcheglova). S.Pb., publ. St.Petersburg University, 2004, 502 p. ISBN 5-288-03491-5.

</doc>
<doc id="31105518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31105518" title="Claflin family">
Claflin family

The Claflin family are a Scottish American family of 17th century New England origins. The descendants of Robert Maclachlan of Wenham, Massachusetts, a Scottish soldier and prisoner of war assumed to have belonged to the Clan Maclachlan, and his wife Joanna Warner, members of the family have distinguished themselves in various occupations and regions of the United States.
Revolutionary War.
Although not of great means in the early generations, a considerable number of the Claflin family, twenty four in all, fought as militiamen and soldiers on the American side in the American Revolutionary War, including at Lexington and Concord (many), the Battle of Bunker Hill (several), the Battle of White Plains (one), and finally in the Saratoga campaign (two, possibly more), with Nathaniel Claflin being present at the Surrender of Burgoyne. Their length of service varied from only eight days to several months and years, with a few serving as junior officers. In addition, three more members served as drummers, and two more as pipers. 
Earlier in the French and Indian War several Claflins joined in the Crown Point Expedition.
People.
Female line:

</doc>
<doc id="31105558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31105558" title="Myrthenbaum">
Myrthenbaum

Myrthenbaum is surname of:

</doc>
<doc id="31105569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31105569" title="List of tallest buildings in Luanda">
List of tallest buildings in Luanda

Luanda is the capital and largest city in Angola. Due to decades of civil war, Angola lacked significant development until very recently. Currently, there are 12 buildings that stand taller than . The tallest building in the city is the 25-storey, Intercontinental Hotel & Casino completed in 2011. The second-tallest building in the city is Edificio GES, standing at tall with 25 storeys. Several of the tallest buildings in the Angola are currently under construction in the city. If completed, Torre De Angola at will be the tallest building in Africa and in the top 100 tallest in the world. On the other hand, when they are finished, the Angola World Trade Center twin towers will be the tallest twin buildings in Africa at and tall.
Luanda's history is one that involves a lot of destruction and strife. However, due to the end of the civil war in 2002, Luanda is undergoing massive reconstruction and economic development. Angola is becoming one of the most advanced countries in Africa with the highest concentration of development currently on the African Continent. All of the city's high rises have been constructed within the last 6 years, a product of investment in the nation's vast oil reserves. 
As of 2011, Luanda had 12 completed high-rise buildings, with 4 towers over tall under construction, another 4 approved for construction and dozens more high rises proposed. After this skyscraper boom, Luanda's skyline will have dramatically changed. 
Tallest buildings.
This list ranks Luanda's skyscrapers that stand at least tall, based on standard height measurement. This includes spires and architectural details but does not include antenna masts.

</doc>
<doc id="31105611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31105611" title="I Am What I Am (Merle Haggard album)">
I Am What I Am (Merle Haggard album)

I Am What I Am is an album by American country music artist Merle Haggard. It was released on April 20, 2010 by Vanguard Records. The album peaked at number 18 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart.
The final song, “It's Gonna Be Me,” was only released on Amazon.com, despite having received positive review as a song which stands out with a heavy bass line and social-critical lyrics.
Track listing.
All songs written by Merle Haggard except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="31105623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31105623" title="Funeral Inception">
Funeral Inception

Funeral Inception is an Indonesian death metal band that was formed in 2000 in Jakarta, Indonesia. The band comprises vocalist Doni Iblis, guitarists Garry Runtunuwu, drummer Gatot Hardiyanto and bassist Arslan Musyifia.
History.
Previously recognized as Bloody Gore, the band releases two mini-CDs, entitling "Stench Of Your Perversion" and "Blood Driven Vehemence" under Fetal Tampon Disease Records USA and Uxicon Records, Belgium.
In May 2002, the band changed its name to Funeral Inception and recruit Pandi Ghebes (Sadistis) to fill the drum position, and recorded the debut album "Anthems Of Disenchantment" in Palu Studio, Jakarta. The band created ten solid songs which represents the starting point of Funeral Inception new musical direction and mostly differ from what Bloody Gore has achieved previously.
In March 2003, the bass-thumper, Mithos, has retired to concentrate on his study, followed by Rio (guitar) who later established the phenomenal label called Rottrevore Records. Along with Pandi, the whole band thinks that it's time to focus on its brand new musical direction.
The band's influential vocalist, Doni, has been involved with several musicians in order to get better sounds, and later come up with the single “All Gods Children Must Die”. As time goes by, inescapable personnel commutation even occurs.
By 2006, the band reemerged with tough-sounding line-up: Doni (vocals), Heldevy (guitars), Iwan (guitars), Roni (bass) and AA (drums). They started to get more attention from the local, they recorded 10 new songs at Studio Oranye, Jakarta. The album was mixed scene and play hundreds of shows mostly in Jakarta and other towns.
Whilst the band got busy with touring, they produce new materials for their 2nd full length album. In October 2007 and mastered by Joteng Kampret, a legendary engineer from Bandung, whom also guitarist of ‘Forgotten’.
Funeral Inception's second full-length album, "H.A.T.E", represents abbreviation of "Heathen Against Terrorizing Entities". The terminology shows an extreme point of view from the band, seeing the religious social political reality which grown in their society.
Rottrevore Records released the album in CD only for Indonesia's market. Along the way, the album has been distributed in limited basis to other countries, such as the USA, Germany, Finland, Poland and Italy. The band receives various positive feedbacks, notably for its different style of death metal sound. Some eager fans even asked for the translation of some of its Indonesian lyrics.
Just like the first album, some featured songs in this album are also included in several international compilation releases, as well as getting continuous airplay from some extreme metal radio in the USA, France, Germany and Russia.
By mid 2008, Heldevy (guitars) retired due to the family issue, and was replaced by Nyoman, the guitarist from death metal band, DROP.
Clip for the song off the second album entitling "Surga Dibawah Telapak Kaki Anjing" ("Heaven is under the Palm of Dog Feet") was shot in rural area of Purwokerto in early December 2008.
Not long after the video clip was shown, drummer Achmad Mustaid a.k.a. AA also resigns. His position is temporarily filled by some additional drummers to accommodate the busy schedules at those times. Recently, Iwan Budiarto called his quits from the band and focusing on his new-born family. 
In May 2011 Gatot fill in the drum position, and the band starting to rehearse more and more for the preparation of the recording of the third full length album. 
By August, Garry Martinus Runtunuwu Ex-Betrayer has joined with Funeral Inception and giving his best for the band present.

</doc>
<doc id="31105631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31105631" title="Egill Einarsson">
Egill Einarsson

Egill "Gillz" Einarsson (born 13 May 1980) is an Icelandic television personality, radio show host, TV and movie star, writer, motivational speaker, bodybuilder / fitness coach, model, DJ and singer. As a musician, he was part of the dance act Merzedes Club in 2008 where he was known as Gillz and Gillzenegger. After the break-up he has continued as a disc jockey known as DJ MuscleBoy. Other stage names that he has used includes Störe, Stóri G, Big G, Þykki, Þykkeh and G-Man.
Media personality.
Egill first became known as a blogger on the now defunct website "kallarnir.is" in the mid-2000s. Later he wrote columns for the newspaper "DV" and the magazine "Bleikt og blátt", and hosted a radio show on the Icelandic KissFM radio station. His popularity increased as the host of his own TV show "Kallarnir", and the author of the lifestyle book "Biblía fallega fólksins".
Fitness and lifestyle.
Egill operates the distant fitness training program "Fjarþjálfun", and has been an advocate of fitness and a healthy lifestyle. He has written the self-help lifestyle books "Mannasiðir Gillz", "Lífsleikni Gillz","Heilræði Gillz", and hosted the TV show "Mannasiðir Gillz" on Stöð 2 in 2011, which was the most popular show among the channel's subscribers.
In November 2011 he criticized the book "Bang Iceland" by American writer Roosh Vörek, calling it "as wrong as possible."
Musical career.
In Merzedes Club.
He was a member of the techno band Merzedes Club, where he was nicknamed Gillz or Gillzenegger and the band's frontman. The band also included Rebekka, Ceres 4, Gaz-man and Party-Hanz. The band gained extreme notoriety for their unusual stage performances.
Merzedes Club was put by composer and producer Barði Jóhannson in a bid to represent Iceland in the 2008 Eurovision Song Contest. The band Merzedes Club took part with the song "Ho, Ho, Ho, We say Hey, Hey, Hey" coming runner-up to eventual winner "This Is My Life" by Eurobandið. A series of singles followed in 2008 notably with "Meira frelsi" which was adopted as a signature tune for publicity campaign for Síminn, (previously named Landssíminn), an Icelandic telecommunications company. The song created controversy with some alleging great similarities in the music video to that of "Now You're Gone" from Basshunter. Other Merzedes Club hits included "I Wanna Touch You", "See Me Now" and "Basscop". The band released their album "I Wanna Touch You" after which it broke up.
DJ MuscleBoy.
After the break-up of the band, Egill Einarsson has continued as a solo disc jockey. His 2014 single "Louder" featuring had gained great popularity in Iceland and in European night venues.
Legal problems.
In December 2011, media reported Egill and his fiancée had been accused of a rape case. Egill strongly denied the accusation in a press release, saying he was going to sue the girl for her false accusations. The case was investigated by Reykjavík police, but according to the office of the state prosecutor, the case was transferred. 
The controversy resulted in many repercussions including freezing of a planned TV series "Lífsleikni Gillz" based on the same titled bestseller by Egill Einarsson published in 2011. Adapted into an Icelandic television series to be broadcast on TV station Stöð 2, it was postponed because of legal problems facing Egill Einarsson. The series has been re-edited for a shorter version to be shown as a feature film in cinema theatres in 2014. It is directed by Hannes Þór Halldórsson and written by Kristófer Dignus, starring Halldór Gylfason, Jóhannes Haukur Jóhannesson, Úlfar Linnet, Edda Björg Eyjólfsdóttir, Víkingur Kristjánsson, Jóhann G. Jóhannsson and Steindi Jr.
Also because of the controversy, the 2011 Icelandic phone directory featuring Egill on the cover was censored after the accusations were made public.

</doc>
<doc id="31105635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31105635" title="Antimony sulfate">
Antimony sulfate

Antimony sulfate, Sb2(SO4)3, is a hygroscopic material is formed by reacting antimony or its compounds with hot sulfuric acid. It is used in doping of semiconductors and in the production of explosives and fireworks.
Structure.
Solid antimony sulfate contains infinite ladders of SO4 tetrahedra and SbO3 pyramids sharing corners. It is often described as a mixed oxide, Sb2O3.3SO3.
Chemical properties.
Antimony sulfate is sometimes called a "salt" as it can be produced from the reaction of antimony and sulfuric acid, but it should be noted that antimony does not form a nitrate when dissolved in nitric acid, (an oxidising acid) but produces a mixture of antimony oxides, and this contrasts with bismuth which dissolves in both acids to form salts. It is deliquescent, and soluble in acids. It can be prepared by dissolving antimony, antimony trioxide, antimony trisulfide or antimony oxychloride in hot, concentrated sulfuric acid.
Uses.
Owing to its solubility, antimony sulfate has uses in the doping of semiconductors. It is also used for coating anodes in electrolysis and in the production of explosives and fireworks.
Safety.
Antimony(III) sulfate causes irritation to the skin and mucous membranes.

</doc>
<doc id="31105665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31105665" title="Behavioral Problems">
Behavioral Problems

Behavioral Problems is an album and DVD by American comedian Ron White. The album was released by Capitol Records on April 21, 2009 and peaked at number 1 on the "Billboard" Top Comedy Albums chart. The DVD was also released on April 21, 2009, containing special features, deleted scenes and all completely uncensored and uncut.

</doc>
<doc id="31105680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31105680" title="Flamrock">
Flamrock

Flamrock is an electric guitar playing style that incorporates elements of traditional, Spanish Flamenco guitar and modern, rock guitar techniques.
A leading exponent of the style is the English guitarist Martyn Rapley, now based in Glasgow, Scotland. His original composition 'Friday Night Fiesta', which is in the Flamrock style, reached the online finals of the 2009 International Guitar Idol competition.

</doc>
<doc id="31105688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31105688" title="James Frederick Sangala">
James Frederick Sangala

James Frederick Sangala was a founding member of the Nyasaland African Congress during the period of British colonial rule.
Sangala was given the nickname "Pyagusi", which means "one who perseveres".
Sangala was born in a village in the highlands of what is now southern Malawi around 1900, a few years after the British had established the British Central Africa Protectorate. He received sufficient education to find work first as a primary school teacher, then as a clerk in various commercial enterprises. From 1930 until the early 1950s he held clerical positions in the colonial administration. He then retired to earn his living with a brick-making business.
In the 1930s, Sangala became a leader of the Native Association movement in Nyasaland, encouraging the formation of local representative groups. In 1943 he was a founder and the acting secretary of the Nyasaland African Congress (NAC), which sought to give a unified voice to the local associations and to press for greater rights for Africans. From 1954 to 1956 he was president of the Congress, but was persuaded to resign to make way for more radical members who were seeking full independence. Despite his moderate stand, Sangala was arrested for his activities more than once in the 1950s. Renamed the Malawi Congress Party, the NAC was to win all the seats in the 1961 Nyasaland elections, and to lead the country to self-governance in 1963 and full independence as the state of Malawi in 1964.
Birth and education.
James Frederick Sangala was born around 1900 at Naisi, near the town of Zomba in the highlands of what is now southern Malawi.
Zomba was the residence of the colonial governor and the administrative center of the British Central Africa Protectorate, renamed Nyasaland in 1907.
Sangala was a Mang'anja.
His mother was a herbalist who specialized in treatment of trichomonas.
Sangala was educated at Zomba Mission primary school and then at Blantyre Mission substation at Domasi.
He qualified as a teacher in 1923 and taught primary school until 1927.
Working career.
In search of higher wages, Sangala obtained work with Limbe Trading Company in 1927, then as a cotton buyer with the British Cotton Growing Association (BGGA) and next as a bookkeeper for M.G. Dharap, an Indian businessman in Limbe. In March 1928 he started work for the African Lakes Corporation, and in May 1929 returned to the BGGA as an office manager.
Dissatisfied with the working conditions for Africans in businesses, Sangala joined the civil service in April 1930 as a clerk in the office of the Provincial Commissioner in Blantyre. He then worked for the Blantyre District Commissioner and the Blantyre District Medical Office until July 1942.
His work involved typing and other forms of assistance to the commissioner.
In July 1942, Sangala transferred to the Judicial Department of the civil service in Blantyre as an interpreter. He was moved to the Dedza District Office in 1944, in his view because of his political activities. In 1947 he returned to the Blantyre District Office, but retired in the early 1950s so he could spend more time on politics, receiving a small government pension and running a brick manufacturing business as his main source of income.
Native Associations.
The North Nyasa Native Association was formed in 1912, and was followed by several other such associations in the early part of the century, typically composed of the educated elite: teachers, church leaders and civil servants.
The Native Associations sought to gain a voice in administrative, economic and other issues. They met some resistance from tribal leaders, but on the whole were encouraged by the colonial administrations. Their emphasis was regional or national rather than tribal. Meetings were often attended by representatives of other associations, helping them exchange views on issues and approaches.
James Frederick Sangala in Blantyre and Levi Mumba in the rest of the country became leaders of the Native Association movement in Nyasaland during the 1930s.
Sangala and Mumba both believed in the importance of Nyasa unity and in the virtues of democratic civil society.
During the 1930s, the white colonists of Southern Rhodesia (now Zimbabwe) and Northern Rhodesia (now Zambia) were pushing for unification, and wanted to include Nyasaland in the union, seeing Nyasaland as a useful source of labor that might otherwise be drawn to South Africa. Nyasas resisted this move since they regarded the Rhodesias as "White Man" territory, and preferred the trusteeship arrangement in Nyasaland under which they had greater rights.
As early as 1935, the Blantyre Native Association led by Sangala called a meeting of leaders in the area where they were invited to sign a petition opposing amalgamation. When the colonial administration asked the chiefs for views on unification in 1938, the formal statement in reply was in fact composed by Mumba.
Nyasaland African Congress 1943 – 1953.
The Nyasaland Educated African Council emerged in 1943 from the leaders of the Native Associations, calling for a rapid movement towards self-government. A few months later the Council renamed itself the Nyasaland African Congress (NAC) at the urging of Sangala, who felt the movement should not be restricted to the educated elite.
Sangala was acting secretary at the meeting in May 1944 at which the Congress was announced.
He was unable to attend the formal inaugural meeting of the Congress in October 1944, at which Levi Zililo Mumba was elected President-General, since he had been transferred to Dedza in the Central province, but he was elected to the central committee.
Sangala, Mumba and their associates had a vision of the NAC becoming "the mouthpiece of the Africans", cooperating with the government and other colonial bodies "in any matters necessary to speed up the progress of Nyasaland".
Sangala encouraged the Congress to "Fight for Freedom", although he was careful to explain to the colonial powers that he did not mean armed conflict by that phrase.
Sangala explained to the District Commissioner, Eric Barnes, that he advocated peaceful protests against practices such as curfews and pass laws which treated Africans as a subordinate race.
Sangala was not always consistent. In 1949 he accepted a position as a member of the protectorate's Boy Scouts Council.
Although in theory open to all races, in practice this organization segregated European, Indian and African boys.
The NAC was intended to be an umbrella organization that would coordinate the Native Associations and other local organizations of indigenous people in the protectorate of Nyasaland.
Sangala ensured that each of these groups would have a seat on the executive committee of the NAC.
However, the organization was weak.
When a special committee including Sangala recommended acceptance of Dr. Hastings Banda's proposal that the NAC should have a full-time paid secretary, the proposal was rejected overwhelmingly, perhaps due to suspicion of Banda's motives.
By 1950, the NAC had fallen into disarray, forcing the President Charles Matinga to resign for misusing Congress funds.
Sangala threw his efforts into reviving the organization, leading to an important meeting in August 1950 in Mzimba where James Chinyama was elected President, with Sangala Vice-President.
Until the early 1950s, Sangala and other leaders such as Doctor Hastings Banda assumed that Nyasaland should evolve towards self-government while remaining under the authority of the British Colonial Office.
However, in 1953 the Colonial Office established the Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland in which Europeans would retain a position of leadership, abandoning the earlier principles of partnership between the races. The NAC leaders saw this as a betrayal.
Uncoordinated protests followed, which were forcefully suppressed, with an official death toll of eleven Africans.. 
Sangala was arrested in September 1953, but was released the next month when the magistrate dismissed the charges.
Nyasaland African Congress President 1954 – 1956.
In January 1954 Sangala was elected President of the Congress. Although he continued to advocate civil disobedience, he also accepted the decision of two NAC members to run for election for the two seats reserved for Nyasas in the Federal Parliament.
This ambiguous position was rejected by some members of the party, who were against any participation in the government. Some resigned or were dismissed. Others who remained in the party attempted a coup towards the end of 1955, calling for resignation of the two MPs and for the NAC to work for immediate secession from the federation and self-rule.
Although the leaders of a coup attempt were forced to resign, they remained politically influential.
Sangala was conscientious in attending committee meetings, but was handicapped by the need to attend to his own business affairs, often unavailable to provide leadership or advice.
In March 1956, Sangala announced that due to health reasons he would not run again for President of Congress.
Sangala continued to press London to accept the principle of democratic elections to the Legislative Council, or Legco.
Sangala asserted his right of freedom of movement and was arrested. He made sure this was reported in England.
In May 1956, Sangala stood trial at the High Court for sedition.
He was charged with having advised Thamar Dillon Thomas Banda, the secretary-general of the Congress, to hand a seditious publication to the editor of the Nyasaland Times. The charge was the subject of a question in the British House of Commons.
In January 1957, Sangala was persuaded to resign from his position as Nyasaland African Congress President, and was replaced by Thamar Dillon Thomas Banda.
The NAC was banned by the colonial authorities in 1959, and was succeeded by the Malawi Congress Party (MCP), led from prison by Dr. Hastings Banda. The British came to accept that independence was inevitable. Hastings Banda was released in 1960 and allowed to return to prepare for elections.
By then, Sangala and other members of the old guard of the Congress had faded into oblivion and were rarely heard of again.
In 1961 the MCP overwhelmingly won the first elections held under universal suffrage, and in 1963 the country gained self governance followed by independence the next year with the new name of Malawi.
Sangala's grandson, Aaron Sangala, was appointed Minister of Internal Affairs and Public Security in the Cabinet of Malawi in May 2009.
Character.
Sangala was described by W.L. Jennings, the High Court Registrar in Blantyre, as a "peculiar" but "charming" man whose motto was "to struggle for the freedom and peace of all".
Some critics said he was autocratic, but others thought he was too mild.
He was not interested in publicity, and avoided conflict, preferring to work behind the scenes in organizing the party. But in a crisis, he was willing to stand forward.
In an interview in August 1961 he said "My first duty was to do such things would ... cause people to be happy. Due to this aim I do not fear to speak to any person provided it is the truth and this always does not please my friends who suggest that I am a difficult person". Sangala was a strong believer in the virtues of dignity, and refused to accept common views within colonial society that the "natives" were in any way inferior to Whites.
References.
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="31105708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31105708" title="Tailgate Party (album)">
Tailgate Party (album)

Tailgate Party is an album by American comedian Larry the Cable Guy. It was released by Warner Bros. Records on September 22, 2009. The album peaked at number 1 on the "Billboard" Top Comedy Albums chart.
Track listing.
All material written by Larry the Cable Guy.

</doc>
<doc id="31105734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31105734" title="Hopfer">
Hopfer

Hopfer is a German surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31105754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31105754" title="La Cruz Hill (disambiguation)">
La Cruz Hill (disambiguation)

La Cruz Hill, or its Spanish translation Cerro La Cruz or Cerro de la Cruz (transliterated as "Hill of the Cross") may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31105757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31105757" title="Tabon M. Estrella National High School">
Tabon M. Estrella National High School

Tabon M. Estrella National High School (TMENHS) is a high school institution located in Purok 4A, Sugala Street, Barangay Tabon, Bislig City, Surigao del Sur, Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="31105782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31105782" title="The Rose Hotel">
The Rose Hotel

The Rose Hotel is an album by American folk music artist Robert Earl Keen. It was released on September 29, 2009 by Lost Highway Records. The album peaked at number 17 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart.
Track listing.
All songs written by Robert Earl Keen except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="31105789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31105789" title="Tuckanarra, Western Australia">
Tuckanarra, Western Australia

Tuckanarra is a small town in the Murchison region of Western Australia. The town is located between Cue and Meekatharra along the Great Northern Highway in the Mid West region of Western Australia.
Gold mining.
Gold was discovered in the area by two prospectors, Boyle and Moore, in 1897 and was initially known as Boyle's Find. The two prospectors were granted the "Reward Claim". The original townsite was located near Boyd's Hill and the town was known as Boyd's for a while. Eventually the well at Cork Tree Flat was deepened and potable water was available so the town also became known as Cork Tree Flat.
A state battery was erected by the government in 1898 which led to the local progress association petitioning for a townsite to be declared. Following some debate on where it was to be situated, lots were surveyed in 1898 and the townsite was gazetted in 1899.
The town is named after a nearby hill and the name is Aboriginal in origin and the meaning of the name is thought to be "camp of the wooden dish".
Railway.
Tuckenarra was a siding on the Northern Railway between Mullewa and Meekatharra. The line closed in 1978.
Energy.
In 2010, Hyperion Energy purchased Karbar Station, a large property surrounding the town, proposing to construct a solar-updraft-tower power generation project. Construction was expected to commence in 2014 and the output is projected to be 200 megawatts.

</doc>
<doc id="31105793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31105793" title="John Train">
John Train

John Train may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31105825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31105825" title="Obst">
Obst

Obst is surname of:

</doc>
<doc id="31105829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31105829" title="Lesson No.1">
Lesson No.1

Lesson No.1 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31105840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31105840" title="George G. Macfarlane">
George G. Macfarlane

Sir George G. Macfarlane (January 8, 1916- May 20, 2007) was an engineer, scientific administrator and public servant. 
He made major contributions to research on radar during World War II and received a special appointment as Superintendent, for theoretical work, within the Physics Division of the Telecommunications Research Establishment (TRE) during the post war years, continuing in this capacity when it was renamed the Royal Radar Establishment (RRE). He was appointed Deputy Director of the National Physical Laboratory in 1960, returned to RRE as Director in 1962 and was selected to be the first Controller of Research in the Ministry of Technology in 1967, responsible for the coordination of government laboratories with a total staff of 23,000. In 1970 he was transferred to the Ministry of Defence, which had 20 research and development establishments. He consolidated these to just six, and was knighted in 1971. After retiring from this post in 1975, he continued several major professional activities.
Early years.
George Macfarlane was born in Airdrie, Lanarkshire, and attended the Airdrie Academy. He entered the University of Glasgow in 1933, graduating in 1937, then went to the Dresden University of Technology, receiving a doctorate in July 1939, and leaving a month before the outbreak of war.
Wartime research.
Soon after the war started, Macfarlane joined the government laboratory that was developing radar and had moved to a site near Swanage in Dorset. The laboratory went through several name changes, and is best known during that period as the Telecommunications Research Establishment (TRE). He applied his strong mathematical skills to the electromagnetic theory of radio wave propagation and reflection, that was the basis of the defensive use of airborne radar in detecting and tracking hostile bombers. He participated in work on the counter measures against radar carried by enemy bombers to locate their targets, and then on work to make the radar carried by British bombers more effective. Shortly before the end of the war, he was attached to an intelligence unit with the advancing allied forces, to collect information on German radar.
Postwar research.
Developments in rocketry, that could propel missiles, and the discovery of semiconductors that were sensitive to infra red radiation led defence scientists and policy makers to focus on the development of heat seeking missiles. Under the direction of R.A. Smith, TRE became a major center for theoretical and experimental research on semiconductor physics. Macfarlane was given an individual merit post as Superintendent for theoretical work in the Physics Division. This included the applications of electromagnetic theory to antenna design and to the behaviour of magnetrons, of non-linear mathematics to guidance systems, of information theory to the filtration of radar signals, and of quantum mechanics to the electronic behaviour of crystalline solids. TRE merged with the Radar Research and Development Establishment (RRDE) to form the Radar Research Establishment (RRE) in 1953, renamed Royal Radar Establishment (also abbreviated RRE) in 1957. Macfarlane continued as Superintendent of Theoretical Physics throughout the reorganizations.
The move to Administration.
In 1960, Macfarlane became Deputy Director of the National Physical Laboratory. This has a key role in providing standards for scientific measurements and performing numerical calculations. On his return to RRE as Director, two years later, he reorganized the technical departments into: Military and Civil Systems (comprising Ground Radar and Air Traffic Control, Guided Weapons and Airborne Radar groups), Physics and Electronics (comprising Physics and Electronic Groups) and Engineering. At this time, "despite the policy shift away from fighters ... to guided weapons for UK air defence, ... RRE continued to argue for strike aircraft and kept up the necessary radar research programs." In 1967, when Tony Benn was Minister of Technology, the post of Controller of Research was created in his ministry, and Macfarlane was appointed. Three years later, in 1970, he moved to the Ministry of Defence, planned and carried out a major restructuring and consolidation of its research activities, and was knighted.
The years of Retirement.
Macfarlane retired officially in 1975, but continued to provide professional expertize in the public interest. He served on the committee that had been set up to plan the future of the telecommunications industry (the Carter Committee) and then on the Boards of the (British) Post Office and, later, British Telecom, advising on the use of digital communication and fibre optics. He also served on the National Enterprise Board, the Board of Trustees of the Imperial War Museum, the Council of the Fellowship of Engineering. He was elected Deputy President of the Institute of Electrical Engineers but declined the Presidency because the organization would not accept a physics degree as the qualification for membership, despite the extent to which physics and electronic engineering overlapped.
In these activities, as in his earlier administrative roles, he was a unifier – of laboratories, of disciplines, and of industry, government and education. He was survived by his wife of 66 years, née Barbara Grant Thomson, and a son and a daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="31105858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31105858" title="Harvard Legal Aid Bureau">
Harvard Legal Aid Bureau

The Harvard Legal Aid Bureau is a student-run law firm serving clients in housing law (landlord-tenant relations, public housing, subsidized housing, foreclosure defense), family law (divorce, custody, paternity, child support), government benefits (Social Security, unemployment benefits), and wage and hour cases (unpaid or underpaid wages, benefits, and overtime). The Bureau employs nine supervising attorneys and selects approximately twenty-five student members annually. Students practice under the supervision of admitted attorneys; however, students are the primary case handlers on all matters. As a result, students gain firsthand experience appearing in court, negotiating with opposing attorneys, and working directly with clients. Students receive both classroom and clinical credits for their work at the Bureau.
Unlike most clinical programs at Harvard, the Bureau is a two-year commitment. This gives students a chance to have a much more sustained and in-depth academic experience. In addition to the substantive legal experience, students gain practical experience managing a law firm. The student board of directors makes all decisions regarding case intake, budget management, and office administration.
Notable members include Supreme Court Justice William J. Brennan, Massachusetts Governor Deval Patrick, activist and First Lady Michelle Obama, and law professors Erwin Chemerinsky and Laurence Tribe.
Overview.
Members of the Bureau practice under Rule 3:03 of the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court, which allows them to appear in court as counsel of record for low-income clients. The Bureau currently employs nine practicing attorneys who train and supervise members.
Bureau members practice in the following general practice areas: housing law, family law, government benefits, and employment law. Students usually focus primarily on housing or family law. Within these practices, students work on matters such as eviction defense, domestic violence, child custody and support, divorce, social security benefits, wage and hour violations, and employment discrimination cases.
In addition, many students in the housing practice have become involved with the Bureau's Foreclosure Task Force, which offers assistance to every individual in Boston facing eviction as a result of foreclosure. Working in coordination with Project No One Leaves, the Bureau has attracted national attention for its success in protecting neighborhoods, defending tenants in court, and changing state law.
Governance.
As a student run law-firm, the operations of the Bureau are overseen entirely by a Student Board of Directors elected by the general membership. The Board is responsible for developing and implementing Bureau policies, as well as overseeing day-to-day operations at the Bureau. Each Board member is elected for a term of one year by the general membership of the Bureau at the annual election meeting in January.
The student-run nature of the Bureau leads to a great deal of flexibility within the program. Students are encouraged to play a role in shaping the Bureau as it expands to meet new challenges and practice in new areas. Most recently, the Bureau has responded to the foreclosure crisis by developing a canvassing organization, Project No One Leaves, which works with students and community activists to organize tenants facing foreclosure. No One Leaves is now being used as a model for similar organizing efforts across the nation.
History.
In the spring of 1913, several students associated with the Phillips Brooks House Association, a philanthropic organization at Harvard College, joined to form an organization aimed at providing legal services to individuals who could not afford to hire private counsel. Within a year, the organization incorporated under Massachusetts law as the Harvard Legal Aid Bureau, established an office in Harvard Law School’s Austin Hall, and developed a client base. The Bureau was composed of twenty-five students at the law school. The student Board of Directors, composed of a President, Vice-President, Secretary-Treasurer, and two at-large members, managed the affairs of the office.
The Bureau grew during the late 1920s and 1930s, retained a Boston Legal Aid attorney as its part-time supervisor, and moved to the law school’s Gannett House. The Bureau suspended its operations in 1942 at the onset of World War II because of declining enrollment at the law school, but since re-opening in 1946 it has consistently provided training to students and legal services to individuals in need.
The Bureau was once an honor society whose admissions were based solely on academic achievement, along with the Harvard Law Review and the Board of Student Advisers. Bureau members are currently selected in the spring of their 1L year through an application process that involves a writing competition, resume and cover letter review, and interviews. The Bureau is now located at 23 Everett Street on the Harvard Law School campus.
Alumni.
Prominent alumni of the Harvard Legal Aid Bureau include:

</doc>
<doc id="31105865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31105865" title="Papalote Creek Wind Farm">
Papalote Creek Wind Farm

The Papalote Creek Wind Farm near Taft, Texas in San Patricio County is an array of 196 wind turbines that can produce 380 megawatts of power, enough to serve approximately 114,000 homes. The wind farm was built and is operated by E.ON Climate and Renewables North America. The first phase of 109 Vestas 1.65 megawatt turbines came on line in the fall of 2009. The second phase of 87 Siemens 2.3 megawatt turbines came on line in winter 2010. All turbines are approximately 262 feet high and have three blades. The turbines have a maximum speed of 22 rotations per minute.
The majority of the electricity generated is sold to the Lower Colorado River Authority and CPS Energy which is owned by the City of San Antonio.
The land for the wind farm is privately owned and leased to E.ON. The lease agreement allows for other uses of the land such as farming and ranching. The wind farm has added more than $500 million in value to the property tax base of San Patricio County and local school districts. Additional turbines may be added to the wind farm in the future.

</doc>
<doc id="31105884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31105884" title="Dave McClure">
Dave McClure

Dave McClure is an entrepreneur and prominent angel investor based in the San Francisco Bay Area, who founded and runs the business incubator 500 Startups. He is often described as one of the super angel investors.
Biography.
McClure was born in and grew up in West Virginia. He graduated from Johns Hopkins University in 1988 with a Bachelor of Science in Mathematical Sciences Engineering.
Technology startups.
McClure founded Aslan Computing, a technology consultancy, in 1994, and later sold the company to Servinet/Panurgy in 1998. He subsequently worked as a technology consultant to Microsoft, Intel, and other high-tech companies. He was Director of Marketing at PayPal from 2001 through 2004. He launched and ran marketing for Simply Hired in 2005 and 2006.
After leaving PayPal, McClure became a frequent investor in consumer Internet startup companies, investing in and advising more than 15 consumer internet startups, including virtual goods monetization and payments platform Jambool (acquired by Google in 2010) and US online education directory TeachStreet (acquired by Amazon in 2011). During the summer of 2009, McClure was acting investment director for Facebook fbFund (a joint venture incubator/accelerator with prominent venture capital firms Founders Fund and Accel Partners), which provided early-stage capital to startups developing applications using Facebook Platform & Facebook Connect.
McClure gained attention both for his opinionated blog "500 Hats" (as of 2011 one of the ten most-read blogs on venture capital finance), and as one of the so-called "Super Angel" investors involved in the Angelgate controversy.
500 Startups.
500 Startups is a seed accelerator and related investment fund McClure founded in 2010. The fund admitted a first "class" of twelve startups to its incubator office in Mountain View, California in February, 2011. They expanded to a second class of 21 in June 2011 and a third class of 34 in October 2011.
As of July 27, 2013, 500 Startups had invested in over 500 companies, including Safe Shepherd, Markerly, idreambooks, Fileboard, myGengo, Artsicle, Cucumbertown Visual.ly, E la Carte, Canva, Udemy, 24/7 Techies. ZipMatch, and RidePal. Of current investments, more than 20% have participated in other incubators, 10-15% are international, and 10 have been acquired.
Dave's firm, which acquired Mexican.VC, an accelerator in Mexico City, expects to ramp up its investment in Mexico substantially. Through its investment in Alta Ventures Mexico, 500 Startups will have better access to deal-flow in this region.
Personal.
By his own admission, McClure is an active player of ultimate frisbee in Silicon Valley.

</doc>
<doc id="31105888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31105888" title="Weidenmann">
Weidenmann

Weidenmann is a German surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31105894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31105894" title="Roy Gussow">
Roy Gussow

Roy Gussow (November 12, 1918 – February 11, 2011) was an American abstract sculptor known for his public pieces often crafted from polished stainless steel. Examples of his work can be founded outside the National Museum of American History in Washington D.C., City Hall in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, the New York City Family Court building in Manhattan, and the Tulsa Convention Center in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
Biography.
Early life.
Gussow was born in Brooklyn, New York, on November 12, 1918, to Abraham and Mildred Gussow. He was one of three siblings. Gussow was Jewish. He enrolled at Farmingdale State College originally intending to pursue a career as a farmer, but switched majors and earned a bachelor's degree in landscape architecture in 1938.
Sculptor.
He joined the United States Army during World War II. Gussow met painter George Kachergis while serving in France. Kachergis encouraged Gussow to enter the fields of art and design. He enrolled at the IIT Institute of Design in Chicago following the end of World War II and studied under cubist sculptor Alexander Archipenko. Archipenko took Gussow to Woodstock, New York, in 1946, where he attended summer school. He met his future wife, Mary Maynard, while in Woodstock.
Gussow taught sculpture and art at Bradley University in Illinois, the Colorado Springs Fine Arts Center and the North Carolina State University School of Design, now known as the College of Design, in Raleigh, North Carolina. He returned to New York City, settling in Manhattan in 1962. In 1964, Gussow moved to Long Island City, becoming one of the first artists to take up residence in what was then an industrial section of the Queens neighborhood. Gussow created both his home and sculpture studio inside a former silver plating factory. He resided and worked in Long Island City for the rest of his life.
Works.
Gussow created an abstract sculpture, designed by José de Rivera, which was dedicated outside the Smithsonian's Museum of History and Technology, now called the National Museum of American History, in 1967. The piece is one of the first abstract sculptures to be placed at a major public building in Washington D.C. The sculpture consists of a 16-foot long curved stainless steel ribbon placed atop a granite column. The piece, which stands 24 feet tall, is located at the entrance to the museum facing the National Mall.
In 1974, Gussow's "Three Forms 7-31-75" was dedicated outside of the New York City Family Court building at Lafayette and Leonard Streets in the Civic Center section of Lower Manhattan. The eight-feet tall sculpture, which has a mirror stainless steel finish like many of Russow's public works, stands on a two foot base constructed of granite. The sculpture was removed in 2010 for restoration.
Gussow also created "Crystal," which was placed outside of city hall in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, in 1983. Gussow designed "Crystal" as six "wedge-shaped facets" which reflect clouds as they float over the city of Harrisburg. This particular sculpture stands at seventeen feet tall.
Some examples of Gussow's other public sculptures can be found at North Carolina State University, outside the Xerox building in Rochester, New York, and the Civic Center in Tulsa, Oklahoma. His smaller works are housed at prominent museums, including the Brooklyn Museum, the Whitney Museum of Art, the Museum of Modern Art (MoMa) and the Guggenheim Museum.
Roy Gussow died of a heart attack in Queens, New York, on February 11, 2011, at the age of 92. His wife, Mary, died in 2004. He was survived by three daughters - Jill, Mimi and Olga - two grandchildren and three great-grandchildren. His daughter, Jill Gussow, is also an artist.

</doc>
<doc id="31105905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31105905" title="List of Bosom Buddies episodes">
List of Bosom Buddies episodes

This article lists the episodes of "Bosom Buddies", an American television sitcom that originally aired on ABC from 1980 to 1982.
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="31105952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31105952" title="College of Internet Distance Education">
College of Internet Distance Education

College of Internet Distance Education, also known as CIDE, is a constituent of Assumption University of Thailand located in Suvarnabhumi area of Bangkok, Thailand. It is the first educational institution in Thailand to offer complete eLearning degree programs.
History.
The College of Internet Distance Education was established in 2002 as a constituent of Assumption University of Thailand. Its objective is to provide opportunity for greater access to technology and thereby raising the level of education of people in all strata of Thai society.
With the support of Rev. Bro. Dr. Prathip Martin Komolmas and Rev. Bro. Dr. Bancha Saenghiran, Prof. Dr. Srisakdi Charmonman and his team offer eLearning for anyone, from anywhere and at anytime.
Faculties.
The college has 3 faculties: Information Technology; Business Administration and Education.

</doc>
<doc id="31105959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31105959" title="I Turn to You (album)">
I Turn to You (album)

I Turn to You is an album by American country music artist Richie McDonald. It was released on June 3, 2008 by Stroudavarious Records. The album peaked at number 6 on the "Billboard" Top Christian Albums chart.
Awards.
The album was nominated for a Dove Award for Country Album of the Year at the 40th GMA Dove Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="31105963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31105963" title="Weidenbaum">
Weidenbaum

Weidenbaum is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31106051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106051" title="El Kowm (archaeological site)">
El Kowm (archaeological site)

El Kowm or Al Kawm is a circular, gap in the Syrian mountains that houses a series of archaeological sites. The El Kowm oasis is located northeast of Palmyra in Syria, near Al-Sukhnah. It shows some of the longest and most important cultural sequences in the Middle East, with periods of occupation by humans for over 1 million years.
Excavation.
An initial 5-day sounding was made in 1967 by M.N. van Loon and R. H. Dornemann with a trench at El Kowm I; a large Neolithic tell about in size. They categorised their findings into 5 periods; Early Neolithic (A), Middle Neolithic (B–C), Late Neolithic (D) and Post-Neolithic (E). Further excavations were made into a small outlying tell called El Kowm II by Danielle Stordeur between 1978 and 1987 by the French Ministry of Foreign Affairs permanent mission to El Kowm-Mureybet (Syria). The Neolithic stages at this smaller outlying tell showed one of the first places where domestic water and wastewater systems have been installed.
Further surveys and fieldwork were carried out from 1980 onwards by Jacques and M.-C. Cauvin, Lorraine Copeland, Francis Hours, Jean Marie Le Tensorer and S. Muhesen. Since 1989 further research has been carried out by the Institute for Prehistory and Archaeological Science of the University of Basel and the Department of History at the University of Damascus. These have concentrated on Paleolithic sites at El Kowm called Nadaouiyeh Aïn Askar, showing periods of inhabitation between 500,000 and 100,000 BP, and Hummal, showing evidence of human inhabitation of over 1 million years through the Oldowan and Hummalian blade industry periods. Another period was identified under the Yabrudian levels that has been tentatively named as Tayacian.
Major discoveries.
In 1996, a 450,000 year old skull fragment of "Homo erectus" was discovered in an Acheulean level of the Old Paleolithic at Nadaouiyeh Aïn Askar. It has been described as one of the most important human skull fragments in the Middle East showing Far-Eastern features and giving us valuable knowledge about early human migration and origins.
In 2005, the team from the University of Basel found over forty fossilized bone fragments from a mammoth camel dating as far back as 150,000 years at the Hummal site in El Kowm, a new species of camelid. The giant camel was thought to be twice the size of a modern camel. It was found along with human remains and was given the name "Camelus moreli".
Culture.
Natural springs clearly cluster around the southwest and northern rim of the plateau have sustained permanent settlements in the steppe. The inhabitants are thought to have hunted gazelles, equids and camelids. Vegetation was only possible for short periods in the Middle and Upper Pleistocene. Many stone tools and artefacts such as hand axes and arrowheads have been found and analysed. The site was abandoned prior to 11000 BC, and then re-occupied in the Neolithic between 7000–6500 BC with a large sedentary settlement. Houses were well built and compartmentalised, many of which included gutters between rooms with holes to drain water out of the buildings. Art was found in the form of a painted fresco with equids on a plaster vessel. Comparisons of the Neolithic level culture have been made with Tell Abu Hureyra and Bouqras.
Agriculture and irrigation.
Paleobotanical samples were analysed by Willem van Zeist who concluded that Emmer wheat and hard wheat had been cultivated since the earliest Neolithic stage at El Kowm I dating to c. 6300 BC. Danielle Stordeur excavated El Kowm II more recently and dated this to the Neolithic as far back as c. 7000 BC. Van Zeist suggested that some form of irrigation may have been employed at El Kowm I and the excavators at El Kowm II tentatively agreed with the hypothesis. Stordeur suggested that whilst the nearby settlement of Qdeir showed more nomadic features, El Kowm I and El Kowm II showed no signs of short term settlement. They suggesting the inhabitants could have made simple channels from the local springs to water the fields using a simple gravity system to deal with irregular rainfall patterns. This type of early irrigation is similar to that suggested to have been employed at Jericho. Jacques Cauvin has also suggested El Kowm as a possible location for the invention of irrigation.

</doc>
<doc id="31106071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106071" title="Kren">
Kren

Kren may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31106072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106072" title="Mary L. Walker">
Mary L. Walker

Mary L. Walker (born December 1, 1948) is an American lawyer who served as General Counsel of the Air Force during the presidency of George W. Bush. She gained notoriety for her role in a 2003 review by the United States Department of Defense of the so-called Torture Memos.
Life and career.
Mary L. Walker was born in Dayton, Ohio on December 1, 1948. She was educated at the University of California, Berkeley, receiving an A.B. in 1970. She then attended the Boston University School of Law, receiving a J.D. in 1973.
Walker joined the legal department of the Southern Pacific Transportation Company in 1973. She worked there until 1976, when she joined the law firm of Richards, Watson, Dreyfuss & Gershon in Los Angeles. She made partner there in 1979, working there until 1982.
In 1982, Walker moved to the United States Department of Justice as Deputy Assistant Attorney General in the Land and Natural Resources Division. From 1984 to 1985, she was the Deputy Solicitor of the United States Department of the Interior. On September 18, 1985, President of the United States Ronald Reagan nominated her to be Assistant Secretary of Energy (Environment, Safety, and Health). She subsequently held this office until 1988.
She spent 1988-89 as Vice President of Law Environmental Inc. She was a partner at Richards, Watson & Gershon in San Francisco from 1989 to 1991. She was a partner of Luce, Forward, Hamilton & Scripps in San Diego from 1991 to 1994, and then at Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison in San Diego from 1994 to 2001. She was also a U.S. Commissioner on the Inter-American Tropical Tuna Commission from 1988 to 1995. An evangelical Christian, she participated in the founding of the San Diego Professional Women's Fellowship, a group related to Campus Crusade for Christ.
On September 26, 2001, President George W. Bush nominated Walker to be General Counsel of the Air Force. She held this office for the duration of the presidency of George W. Bush. As of 2009, she is the longest serving General Counsel in the history of the Department of the Air Force, and she received many awards during her tenure.
Role in Torture Memos Controversy.
On January 15, 2003, United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld ordered a review of certain enhanced interrogation techniques authorized by the so-called Torture Memos of 2001. Two days later, William J. Haynes, II, the General Counsel of the United States Department of Defense designated Walker as the head of an interdepartmental working group tasked with implementing the Secretary's request. 
The next week, Walker received a 2001 memorandum from the Office of Legal Counsel, authored by John Yoo and signed by Jay Bybee, the head of the Office of Legal Counsel. On January 23, 2003, General Counsel of the Navy Alberto J. Mora, a member of the working group, reviewed a hard copy of that memorandum in Walker's office (no other copies were made pursuant to instructions of William J. Haynes, General Counsel of the Department of Defense). This prompted a disagreement between Walker and Mora: Mora believed that the memorandum displayed "catastrophically poor legal reasoning", but Walker agreed with Yoo's reasoning concerning the powers of the President. Mora believed that Yoo's memo was "fundamentally in error." Walker encouraged him to share his views and to meet with Haynes. Mora, accordingly, circulated an opposing draft memo, entitled "Proposed Alternative Approach to Interrogations". Haynes did not accept Mora's views. 
On March 6, 2003, by unanimous vote of all members, the working group presented its recommendations to Secretary Rumsfeld, determining that the reasoning behind the earlier memorandum was sound, although group did not rely on the Justice Department memorandum for the recommendations they made. The working group's final report was presented on April 4, 2003. Secretary Rumsfeld adopted the majority of the new techniques proposed. At the Administration's request, the Justice Department subsequently reviewed the Working Group's recommendations that were adopted and fully endorsed them.

</doc>
<doc id="31106114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106114" title="2010–11 Indiana State Sycamores men's basketball team">
2010–11 Indiana State Sycamores men's basketball team

The 2010–11 Indiana State Sycamores men's basketball team represented Indiana State University during the 2010–11 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Sycamores, led by first year head coach Greg Lansing, played their home games at the Hulman Center and are members of the Missouri Valley Conference. They finished the season 20–14, 12–6 in Missouri Valley play and won the 2011 Missouri Valley Conference Men's Basketball Tournament to earn an automatic bid in the 2011 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament where they lost in the second round to Syracuse.
Schedule.
!colspan=9| Exhibition
!colspan=9| Regular Season
!colspan=9| Missouri Valley Conference Basketball Tournament
!colspan=9| NCAA Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="31106138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106138" title="Sandis">
Sandis

Sandis is a given name which may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31106189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106189" title="Glenshaw Formation">
Glenshaw Formation

The Glenshaw Formation is a mapped sedimentary bedrock unit in Pennsylvania, Maryland, West Virginia, and Ohio, of Pennsylvanian age. It is the lower of two formations in the Conemaugh Group, the upper being the Casselman Formation. The boundary between these two units is the top of the marine Ames Limestone. The Conemaugh Group overlies the Upper Freeport coal bed of the Allegheny Formation and underlies the Pittsburgh coal seam of the Monongahela Group. 
The Conemaugh Group consists of cyclic sequences of shale, siltstone, sandstone, red beds, thin impure limestone, and thin nonpersistent coal. Red beds are associated with landslides. 
The thickness of the Conemaugh Group averages about 400 feet in Ohio, and it ranges from 450 feet on the Ohio River in West Virginia to 520 feet in Washington County, Pennsylvania, and then to 890 feet in Somerset County, Pennsylvania.
The Glenshaw formation was originally mapped in Pennsylvania by Flint, but was extended into West Virginia by Cardwell "et al." in 1968. It is also recognized in eastern Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="31106191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106191" title="April 1911">
April 1911

January - February - March - April - May - June - July - August - September - October - November - December
The following events occurred in April 1911:

</doc>
<doc id="31106230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106230" title="Orange Television Network">
Orange Television Network

The Orange Television Network (also, Orange TV or Citrus TV) is the cable television station of Syracuse University. The Orange Television Network, or OTN, is the nation's first college campus cable TV station that airs high definition programming. OTN was founded in 2004. It is available in Syracuse University buildings on channel 2 and in HD on channel 2.1, and online.
In addition to original programming, OTN airs content from CitrusTV, the student-run TV studio at Syracuse University. It began airing content from the student organization in 2005 when CitrusTV was called HillTV.

</doc>
<doc id="31106235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106235" title="Count Palatine (Imperial)">
Count Palatine (Imperial)

The Imperial Count Palatine ("Palatin, Comes palatinus Caesareus, Kaiserliche Hofpfalzgraf") was a title revived by Emperor Charles IV which was based upon the former position of a Count Palatine in the royal court.
In some cases where parties willingly submitted their petitions to them, the imperial count palatine possessed jurisdictional authority ("comitiva") to settle the matter. Such cases included: the legitimation of children born out of wedlock, confirming that a minor had come of age, certifying adoptions, attesting documents such as wills etc., certain royal pardons, and the authorization of patents of nobility, coats of arms, academic honors, the appointment of notaries as well as the bestowal of poet laureate status.
While the emperor appointed imperial counts palatine for individual territories, from time to time the territorial princes themselves would bestow this honor with "comitiva major" (the so-called "Großes Palatinat"), that is with the power to transact these enactments on their own initiative.
As successor to the Byzantine emperor after the fall of Constantinople in 1453, the Ottoman sultan also claimed the right to bestow the office. Thus Giovanni Bellini was named "Comes palatinus" by Emperor Frederick III in 1469 and later again in 1481 by Sultan Mehmet II.
A papal count palatine ("Comes palatinus lateranus") with similar rights as possessed by the imperial count palatine, could be appointed by the pope or in some cases by specially empowered papal legates. Pope Leo X designated all of the secretaries of the papal curia "comites aulae Lateranensis" (counts of the Lateran court) in 1514 and bestowed upon them the rights of an imperial count palatine.
If an imperial count palatine possessed both an imperial and the papal appointment, he bore the title of "Comes palatine imperiali Papali et auctoritate" (Count palatine by Imperial and Papal authority).
The appointment as an imperial count palatine was a lucrative post, because the office bearer could levy fees for the execution of official acts.
The imperial count palatine gradually lost its importance, and the office ended with the dissolution of the Holy Roman Empire in 1806.

</doc>
<doc id="31106243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106243" title="Benefit financing model">
Benefit financing model

The "benefit financing model" (BFM) is an actuarial forecasting model designed to help analysts project the condition of Unemployment Trust Fund (UTF) a number of years into the future, and quickly assess the financial impact of various economic scenarios and possible law changes. This model was constructed to be highly comprehensive yet flexible enough to adapt to individual state needs. It is considered a useful tool in unemployment insurance benefit financing and trust fund forecasting.
The Benefit Financing Model is composed of two programs. Program One, the "Projection Program", is based on the methodology of empirical econometric modeling. It uses regressions to derive mathematical relationships between key UI variables, and projects UI benefits, taxable wages, as well as workload variables on quarterly basis twelve years into the future. Program Two, the "Financial Forecast Program", is based on the methodology of simulation modeling. It estimates Unemployment Trust Fund (UTF) income by simulating the workings of the State’s taxation system. Combined with the UTF outgo estimated by the Projection Program, the Financial Forecast Program is capable of projecting the dynamic flow of the Unemployment Trust Fund on quarterly basis under different economic and legislative scenarios. Furthermore, the Financial Forecast Program also assesses the adequacy level of the UTF under different scenarios and report solvency measures (such as Reserve Ratio, Average high cost multiple, etc.)on annual basis. If the trust fund should become insolvent and borrowing from the Federal Government is projected, the Program is able to assess loan interests, any reduced FUTA credits (also known as FUTA credit reduction), and other key loan variables. Lastly, the Projection Program can also be run independently to perform benefit cost estimation as well as workload forecasting.
History.
The benefit financing model was first developed in 1977 by William M. Mercer Inc.. It was initially known as Mercer Model. Since early 1980s the model has been modified, updated and expanded by the Division of Actuarial and Fiscal Services in the Office of Unemployment Insurance of the U.S. Department of Labor. The model is currently maintained by the Division for the free use by any US state with the desire to use this forecasting model.

</doc>
<doc id="31106256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106256" title="LuxAnimation">
LuxAnimation

LuxAnimation is a Luxemborgian animation studio based in Doncols, Luxembourg.
The company was founded in 2002 by Lilian Eche and Ariane Payen. The company works with many different companies to produce animated programs and movies. Since 2006, LuxAnimation has been owned by MoonScoop Group. In June 2010, LuxAnimation opened a department called Luxatelier, which dedicated to audiovisual projects for cinema and television.

</doc>
<doc id="31106274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106274" title="22 Bullets">
22 Bullets

22 Bullets (, "the immortal") is a French film directed by Richard Berry. Filming began on 23 February 2009 in Marseille, in Avignon in early April 2009, and continued for 8 weeks in Paris.
It tells a part of the life story of Jacky Imbert, and is based on the novel "L'Immortel" by Franz-Olivier Giesbert.
Plot.
For three years he has led a peaceful life and devoted himself to his wife and two children. His past catches up with him when he is ambushed in a parking lot and left for dead with 22 bullets in his body. Against all odds, he survives to take revenge on his killers.
Former mafia boss Charlie Mattei is shot by an eight-man death squad in a car park, but survives the hit with severe injuries. On the hunt for the shooters, he finds himself confronted with his criminal past and resulting threat to his family. Mattei had left the business several years ago to his old friend Tony Zacchia. He had since lived a retired life spent with his family. He tries to identify those responsible without bloodshed. This "weakness" is, however, exploited, and his friend Karim is brutally murdered by the same people who had shot him. Mattei swears revenge and goes on a hunt for the masterminds of the attack. He visits the hit squad during a birthday celebration and announces that he will kill them one by one anytime, anywhere.
Marie Goldman is the policewoman investigating the shooting in the parking lot. Her husband, who was also a policeman, was killed in the service but his killer was never caught. Despite the indifference of her superiors, she would like to clear up the murder of her husband. Towards the end of the movie, in order to get to Tony Zacchia, a desperate Mattei makes a deal with Goldman, who herself is divided between doing her duty and punishing the murderers of her husband who she suspects were Zacchia's men. The police get a USB stick containing data incriminating Zacchia in a money fraud and laundering operation. He finally confronts Tony Zacchia at his home and is about to kill him, but is interrupted by the police who end up arresting both Zacchia and Mattei.
In the end, Mattei is released as the cops do not have enough evidence to charge him. Goldman had earlier in the movie revealed to Mattei that one of the 8 shooters had missed him on purpose in the shootout at the start of the movie. Mattei figures out that this 8th shooter was his friend and lawyer who had been forced by Zacchia into shooting Mattei. He is forgiven by Mattei and the movie ends with Mattei walking with his family on a beach. His voiceover tells the audience that he had left his past life behind him and all he wanted to do was spend whatever possible time he had left with his family. He also says that he will no more have to look over his shoulder as he is at peace with his past. As they walk away, he turns and looks over his shoulder which tells us that there is no getting away from his past for him, ever.

</doc>
<doc id="31106288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106288" title="Pacific Coast League Most Valuable Player Award">
Pacific Coast League Most Valuable Player Award

The Pacific Coast League Most Valuable Player Award (MVP) is an annual award given to the best player in minor league baseball's Pacific Coast League. Managers from the 16 Pacific Coast League teams vote for the winner of the award, which is then combined with 16 votes from various general managers, broadcasters, and media representatives around the league to determine a winner. The award was formerly voted upon by writers from "The Sporting News". In 1927, Lefty O'Doul won the first ever Pacific Coast League MVP award. No player was selected from 1928 to 1931. In 1932, the award returned, going to Jigger Statz. For six seasons in the 1970s (1973, 1975–79) the award was suspended. In 1948, Charlie Graham donated a plaque, which was named in his honor, to be awarded annually to the league's MVP.
First basemen including the reigning Pacific Coast League MVP, Bryan LaHair, with 19 winners, have won the most among infielders, followed by third basemen (5), second basemen (3), and shortstops (2). Seven players who won the award were catchers. Twenty-five outfielders have won the MVP award, the most of any position. A total of 10 pitchers have won the MVP award, all of them being right-handed. The last pitcher to win was Steve Mintz in 1996. The Pacific Coast League now has a Most Valuable Pitcher Award, which was established in 2001. Steve Bilko has the record for most MVP award wins with three (1955–57). Sandy Alomar, Jr., and Les Scarsella have both won the MVP award twice. Scarsella first won the award in 1944 as a first baseman and then won his second in 1946 as an outfielder.
Two Pacific Coast League MVP award winners, Joe DiMaggio and Tony Pérez, have gone on to be inducted in the National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum. Seven players from the Los Angeles Angels and the Las Vegas Stars/51s have been selected for the MVP award, more than any other team in the league, followed by the Albuquerque Dukes and San Diego Padres (6); the Hollywood Stars (5); the Oakland Oaks, Sacramento River Cats, San Francisco Seals, and Spokane Indians (4); the Calgary Cannons, Salt Lake City Bees/Salt Lake Stingers, Seattle Rainiers, and Tucson Toros/Sidewinders (3); the Edmonton Trappers, Oklahoma RedHawks/Oklahoma City 89ers, and Sacramento Solons (2); and the Eugene Emeralds, Fresno Grizzlies, Indianapolis Indians, Iowa Cubs, Omaha Royals, Tacoma Giants, and the Tulsa Oilers (1).
Twelve players from the Brooklyn/Los Angeles Dodgers Major League Baseball (MLB) organization have won the MVP award, more than any other, followed by the Chicago Cubs organization (9), the Oakland Athletics organization (4), the San Diego Padres organization (4), the San Francisco Giants organization (4), the Chicago White Sox organization (3), the Houston Astros organization (3), the Pittsburgh Pirates organization (3), the Seattle Mariners organization (3), the St. Louis Cardinals organization (3), the Anaheim/California Angels organization (2), the Cincinnati Reds organization (2), the Philadelphia Phillies organization (2), the Texas Rangers organization (2), the Toronto Blue Jays organization (2), the Arizona Diamondbacks organization (2), the Cleveland Indians organization (1), the Kansas City Royals organization (1), and the New York Yankees organization (1). Thirteen MVP award winners were not members of any MLB organization.

</doc>
<doc id="31106290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106290" title="Tiger, Washington">
Tiger, Washington

Tiger is an unincorporated community in Pend Oreille County, Washington, United States. Named for early settler George Tiger, Tiger is located near Washington State Route 31 south of Ione.

</doc>
<doc id="31106291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106291" title="Jean Camille Cipra">
Jean Camille Cipra

Jean Camille Cipra was a French painter.
Biography.
Jean Camille Cipra was born in 1893 in Pilzen, Czechoslovakia. He died in Paris in 1952. He emigrated to France and lived in Bourges. Camille Cipra exhibited his works for many years at the Salon des Indépendants and at the Salon d'Automne. The painter is famous for his superb landscapes of the Loire Valley, Burgundy, Normandy and Brittany.

</doc>
<doc id="31106310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106310" title="Perseta Tulungagung">
Perseta Tulungagung

Perseta stands for Persatuan Sepakbola Tulungagung (en: "Football Association of Tulungagung"). Perseta Tulungagung is an Indonesian football club, based in Tulungagung Regency, East Java, Indonesia. The club currently plays in Liga Indonesia Premier Division season 2014. Perseta is nicknamed "Laskar Badai Selatan" (The Southern Storm Warriors), because Tulungagung Regency is located in south coast area of East Java Province, Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="31106334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106334" title="Sheila C. Cheston">
Sheila C. Cheston

Sheila C. Cheston (born ca. 1960) is a United States lawyer who was General Counsel of the Air Force from March 1995 to October 1998.
Biography.
Sheila C. Cheston was educated at Dartmouth College, receiving a B.A. in 1980, and Columbia Law School, receiving a J.D. in 1984.
From April 1994 through September 1994, Cheston was Special Associate Counsel to President of the United States Bill Clinton. She was General Counsel of the Air Force from March 1995 to October 1998.
Upon leaving government service, Cheston became a partner at Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Dorr, where she chaired the firm's international aviation, defense, and aerospace group. In 2003, she became general counsel of BAE Systems, a position she held until 2009, when she became Executive Vice President. She moved to rival Northrop Grumman in June 2010, becoming Northrop Grumman's general counsel.

</doc>
<doc id="31106335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106335" title="Patricky Freire">
Patricky Freire

Patricky Freire (born January 6, 1986) is an Brazilian mixed martial artist. He is currently fighting for Bellator in their lightweight division. He is the older brother of Bellator featherweight fighter Patrício Freire. Both brothers often use the moniker "Pitbull".
Mixed martial arts career.
Bellator Fighting Championships.
After competing in many Brazilian promotions, Freire compiled a 7-1 record before entering the Bellator Season 4 Lightweight Tournament. He faced former WEC Lightweight Champion, Rob McCullough at Bellator 36 on March 12, 2011 in the opening round of the tournament. He won via TKO in the third round. 
Freire went on to face two time finalist Toby Imada in the semi-final at Bellator 39. Freire defeated Imada via KO in the first round after landing a brutal flying knee and following up with a flurry of punches which caused Imada to fall to the mat unconscious. The win saw him progress to the final of the tournament where he faced fellow finalist Michael Chandler at Bellator 44. Freire lost via unanimous decision.
Freire next faced Kurt Pellegrino at Bellator 59 on November 26, 2011. He won the fight via TKO in the first round.
Freire faced former Lightweight champion Eddie Alvarez at Bellator 76. After a back-and-forth opening minute that saw both fighters rocked, he lost the fight via KO in the first round.
It was announced that Freire will face Guillaume De Lorenzi in the Bellator 2013 Lightweight tournament on January 31. Unfortunately, Freire suffered an injury and pulled out of the Lightweight tournament a few days prior to this fight.
Freire returned to the Bellator cage on September 7, 2013 as he faced Derek Anderson at . Despite winning the first round, Freire lost the fight via unanimous decision.
In March 2014, Freire entered into the , where he faced David Rickels in the opening round at Bellator 113. He won the fight via knockout in the second round. In the semifinals, he faced Derek Campos at Bellator 117. Again he won the fight via TKO in the second round. He will now face Marcin Held in the finals.

</doc>
<doc id="31106351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106351" title="Kahuku Wind Farm">
Kahuku Wind Farm

The Kahuku Wind Farm is a wind farm located above the hills of Kahuku, Hawaii, United States. It has a nameplate power generating capacity of 30 megawatts, enough to supply power to 7,700 homes. It began operation in early 2011. Kahuku Wind Farm is made up of 12 wind turbines.
The project includes a 15 MW energy storage battery system to ensure that power is available when wind speeds are low. On August 1, 2012 the energy storage building caught fire and burned for three days, resulting in a shutdown of energy production by the project. 

</doc>
<doc id="31106415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106415" title="Ultimate Waylon Jennings">
Ultimate Waylon Jennings

Ultimate Waylon Jennings is a compilation album by American country music artist Waylon Jennings. It was released by RCA Records on March 23, 2004. The album peaked at number 16 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31106417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106417" title="PS PPU North Penajam Paser">
PS PPU North Penajam Paser

PS Penajam Paser Utara or Persatuan Sepakbola Penajam Paser Utara (en: "Football Association of North Penajam Paser") or simple PS PPU. PS Penajam Paser Utara is an Indonesian football club based in North Penajam Paser Regency, East Kalimantan. Club played in Liga Indonesia Second Division.

</doc>
<doc id="31106421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106421" title="Privies of Wales">
Privies of Wales

Privies of Wales is a nonfiction book by J. Aelwyn Roberts, a former vicar of Llandegai. The book traces a history of human sanitation and examines individual examples of Welsh garden privies. The research for the book was paid for by a grant from Cadw.
Summary.
The first half of the book presents a brief history of human sanitation disposal starting from the digging of small holes to the “earth closet”; the “privy pioneers” of the Minoans, Romans, and Normans; and information about cesspits. The second half examines multiple examples of Welsh privies, how they were constructed, and how they were used. Roberts also writes about industrial privies, public privies, and the restoration of old privies.
Development history.
In 1998 Nicholas Battle, publisher of Countryside Books, asked Roberts to write a book on "“The Privies of North Wales.”" Although Roberts initially did not want to write such a book, Battle was able to persuade him. The author recalls:
Roberts was contacted by friends in south and mid-Wales about how they also had endangered privies but no way of "keeping them in remembrance." Roberts wrote to Cadw, the Welsh heritage service of the Welsh Assembly Government, to warn them of the "great catastrophe that was befalling " with the loss of garden privies. Cadw offered a research grant to create the book on Welsh privies.

</doc>
<doc id="31106432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106432" title="Wolfgang Frey">
Wolfgang Frey

Wolfgang Frey (born 1942) is a German bryologist and phytogeographer. This botanist is denoted by the author abbreviation W. Frey when citing a botanical name.

</doc>
<doc id="31106437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106437" title="Victoria Wilson">
Victoria Wilson

Victoria "Vicky" Wilson (born 1949) is an American publishing executive who served on the United States Commission on Civil Rights (USCCR) from 2000 through 2001.
Life and career.
Wilson was born in New York City and grew up on Martha's Vineyard. She attended Goddard College and New York's New School for Social Research. She began working at Alfred A. Knopf Publishers in 1972, and she was promoted in 1988 to Senior Editor, Vice President, and Associate Publisher. Authors she edits include Lorrie Moore, Alice Adams, William Gass, Meryle Secrest and Anne Rice.
She also held several positions at the PEN American Center, including the Executive board and Treasurer from 1997 to 1999. She also served as Vice President of the National Board of Review of Motion Pictures. She taught in the writing program at Columbia University from 1992 to 1993.
Wilson was appointed by Bill Clinton to the USCCR vacancy left by the 1998 death of A. Leon Higginbotham Jr. Wilson voted in support of a USCCR report which found voting irregularities in Florida during the United States presidential election, 2000. Once in office, President George W. Bush attempted to replace Wilson with Peter Kirsanow, but USCCR Commissioner Mary Frances Berry refused Krisanow a seat. Kirsanow sued, claiming Wilson's tenure had expired and he had been validly appointed. Wilson won in federal district court but ultimately lost on appeal in 2002, and the court ordered the seating of Kirsanow following a lengthy legal battle.
Wilson is a stepdaughter of Stella Adler and has announced her plans to write a biography of Barbara Stanwyck. Her father, physicist Mitchell Wilson, was a novelist who had a book adapted by Jean Renoir into "Woman on the Beach". Her mother Helen was a patients' rights advocate. Her restored home was featured in the "New York Times".

</doc>
<doc id="31106482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106482" title="British Hospital for Mothers and Babies">
British Hospital for Mothers and Babies

The British Hospital for Mothers and Babies (1905–1984) was a maternity hospital in Samuel Street, Woolwich, London, England, United Kingdom.
It was created from the amalgamation in 1915 of the Home for Mothers and Babies, Wood Street, Woolwich (established 1905) with the British Lying-In Hospital, Holborn. In 1919 the hospital was given an award from King Edward's Hospital Fund of £1500 toward building an amalgamated hospital. In 1922, the hospital's new buildings in Samuel Street, Woolwich were officially opened by Queen Mary.
During World War II the hospital was damaged in a bombing raid in 1940. An evacuation hospital operated at a building known as Moatlands, originally a private home, in Brenchley in Kent. Moatlands was purchased in 1944. In 1948 the Hospital came under the jurisdiction of the National Health Service and was placed under the jurisdiction of the Woolwich Group Hospital Management Committee. In 1953 Moatlands was vacated and the hospital's beds were transferred to Saint Nicholas Hospital, Plumstead. That hospital was closed in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="31106484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106484" title="Fierce Pussy">
Fierce Pussy

Fierce Pussy (also styled fierce pussy) is a lesbian feminist art activist collective founded in 1991 in New York City. It is committed to art action in association with the AIDS Coalition to Unleash Power.
Background.
As all of its members were heavily involved in the activism against the AIDS pandemic, they noticed that there was an increase in political mobilization around gay rights. In 1991, group members Nancy Brooks Brody, Joy Episalla, Zoe Leonard, and Carrie Yarnaoka to focus their energy into voicing the lesbian identity. As they selectively choose to promote themselves, Fierce Pussy has become a "collective of queer women dedicated to creating public art and direct action addressing issues of lesbian identity and visibility"
This artist collective received their name through their modest use of readily available resources to deliver a powerful message. Through the use of old typewriters, found photographs, its members' own baby pictures, and the printing supplies and equipment accessible in their daily jobs, the collective meticulously crafted various posters, postcards, and flyers to bring the lesbian identity past society's stereotypical notion of the 'lesbian.' One of fierce pussy's more well-known projects was the utilization of wheat-pasted posters and crack-and-peel stickers that were interspersed throughout New York City. In addition, their other projects included re-designing the bathroom at the Gay and Lesbian Center, a greeting card campaign, a moving billboard truck, and renaming the street signs along Gay Pride route in 1991 after prominent lesbian heroines.
Current projects.
While fierce pussy was most active between 1991–1995, they are still currently active in creating awareness with regards to the lesbian identity. In 2008, fierce pussy presented an overview of their old work in addition to a new installation entitled "Mining the Archive, " in which objects collected from the Lesbian Herstory Archives collection are utilized. In addition, fierce pussy contributed to the White Columns featured exhibit "ACT UP NEW YORK: Activism, Art, and the AIDS crisis, 1987-1993"; they were able to add their own display titled "ACT UP ORAL HISTORY PROJECT". The exhibition was revived at Harvard University's Carpenter Center for the Arts in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="31106496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106496" title="Toopran">
Toopran

Tupran or Toopran is a Mandal in Medak district of Andhra Pradesh, India.
Geography.
Tupran is located at . It has an average elevation of 536 metres (1761 ft).
Toopran a major gram panchayath of Gajwel constituency which is located at a distance of 50 km from Hyderabad. Now it is one of the emerging town and comes under HMDA (Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority). It is a city with a population of nearly 20,000.
Toopran is also famous for its Industrial Area (about 1000 Acres) located around Kallakal, Kucharam, Manoharabad, Jeedipalli...etc...,
Toopran not only famous for industries but a famous pilgrim centre contains hundred years old Ramalayam, Mahankali, Cheruvukatta Hanuman and Shivalayam Temples.
Now newly constructed Geeta mandir, ShirdiSai and more temples...
It is just 7 kilometers away from famous Laxmi Narasimhama Temple Nacharam...
Villages.
The villages in Tupran mandal includes: Allapur, Brahmanapalle, Ghanpur, Gundareddipalle, Immampur, Islampur, Jeedipalle, Kallakal,
Kistapur, Konaipalle Pt, Kucharam, Lingareddipet, Malkapur, Manoharabad, Muppireddipally, Nagulapally, Padalapally, Ramaipalle, Rangaipalle, Ravelli, Tupran, Venkataipalle, Venkatapur, Yavapur,agraharam, dammakapalli etc..

</doc>
<doc id="31106498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106498" title="Persekap Pasuruan">
Persekap Pasuruan

Persekap stand for Persatuan Sepakbola Kota Pasuruan (en: "Football Association of Pasuruan City"). Persekap Pasuruan is an Indonesian football club based in Pasuruan, East Java. Club played in Indonesian Premier Division.
Players.
2014 Squad.
Not Valid !

</doc>
<doc id="31106524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106524" title="Nikko Briteramos">
Nikko Briteramos

Nikko Briteramos (born June 22, 1983 in Chicago, Illinois is a former Huron University basketball player convicted in 2002 for knowingly spreading HIV by having unprotected sex while being infected with HIV. He received national attention after he was the first person arrested under a South Dakota law requiring that persons inform prospective sexual partners that they are HIV positive. He became the central subject of wide-ranging ethical and philosophical debates regarding the unconstitutionality and illegitimacy of partner notification law.
In March 2002, he allegedly participated in a "Post 9-11" Red Cross" blood drive. Several weeks later he was informed by Red Cross officials that the donation that he gave was flagged for HIV. 
Briteramos admitted having unprotected sex with the woman in his dorm on April 13. The woman later tested negative for HIV. He was arrested after Health Department officials discovered Briteramos and the woman in his dorm room. He was initially charged with three counts of intentional exposure to the AIDS virus. Two counts were dropped in exchange for his guilty plea.
He pled guilty to one count of "Intentional Exposure to HIV" and received a suspended sentence of five years, 120 days in jail, and 200 hours community service plus fines. According to the plea deal he was to register for school where later found out that he had lost his scholarship. He was eventually arrested for violating the terms of his probation for having spent five hours in the registration process and tested positive for marijuana. Briteramos spent 18 months in the South Dakota State Penitentiary.
Following his release from prison, the 6 foot-9 inch Briteramos played in 2005-06 for Chicago State University. He was not drafted by the NBA in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="31106527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106527" title="HEENT examination">
HEENT examination

A HEENT examination is a portion of a physical examination; it principally concerns the Head, Eyes, Ears, Nose and Throat.
Components of the exam may include:
Steps.
A neurological examination is usually considered separate from the HEENT evaluation, though there can be some overlap.

</doc>
<doc id="31106533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106533" title="Alberta Rugby Football Union">
Alberta Rugby Football Union

The Alberta Rugby Football Union was a football league created in 1895. It joined the Manitoba Rugby Football Union and the Saskatchewan Rugby Football Union to form the Western Canada Rugby Football Union in 1911.

</doc>
<doc id="31106537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106537" title="Stephaniesǐd">
Stephaniesǐd

stephaniesǐd (also Stephanie's Id, stephanie's Äd, and stephaniesÄd) is an indie pop band from Asheville, North Carolina. The band is composed of Stephanie Morgan (vocals, keyboard, and piano), her husband Chuck Lichtenberger (keyboard and vocals), and Tim Haney (drums). The band also occasionally brings on additional musicians. stephaniesǐd has released its last two albums on Nine Mile Records.
Career.
In 2001, Morgan decided to start a pop/rock band with a number of jazz musicians. They performed one show, which she describes as "disastrous". After taking a break, she met Chuck Lichtenberger, a classically trained jazz pianist. Morgan needed a substitute pianist for a jazz standards group with which she was performing, so she asked Lichtenberger to perform with her. They later began to perform her songs together. They started out playing shows with only the two of them, but later brought on Vic Stafford, who later produced three of stephaniesǐd's albums. Currently, the two usually perform with a drummer and "some kind of bass", which can include keyboards. Morgan says that almost thirty people have played with the band over its entire history.
In July 2006, stephaniesǐd premiered at Bele Chere, a music and arts street festival in North Carolina. The band also started the POPAsheville festival, an indie pop and indie rock music festival which took place annually for a few years until the last festival in 2009.
stephaniesǐd's debut album, "Spiral In", was included in the Top 100 National Releases by public radio station WNCW. The Asheville Ballet choreographed a ballet entitled "ANNA! A Rock Ballet" to music from the album. "Jane" magazine used the single "Popsicles" from "Spiral In" in the "Jane" Magazine 2005 Reader CD. The song "White Guys Selling Cars" from "This EP is Money" won third prize in the Unisong International Song Contest's social/political category. The band's single "Unmistakably Love" has appeared on two national compilations, as well as compilations released by "CMJ" and "Paste".
Name.
Morgan explains the "ǐd" in the band name: "the 'id' allusion is of course to the Freudian/Jungian seat of all impulses and desires, which I frame as mine or anyone else's 'guts' or proverbial 'little light'." She then changed the band's name to "Stephanie's Id" after issues with pronunciation. However, the band encountered problems with the name being mistaken for "Stephanie's ID", as in identification. The band then changed to "stephanie's Ä­d" and "stephaniesÄ­d", remembering a book from Morgan's childhood that used "sound spellings".
Musical style.
stephaniesǐd self-identifies as "indie pop" or "pop-noir". However, others have described the band's style as "alt pop-rock noir" and "soulful dream-pop". The band sometimes makes use of instruments such as horns and vibraphones in its music.

</doc>
<doc id="31106544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106544" title="Saskatchewan Rugby Football Union">
Saskatchewan Rugby Football Union

The Saskatchewan Rugby Football Union was a football league created on September 22, 1910. It joined the Manitoba Rugby Football Union and the Alberta Rugby Football Union to form the Western Canada Rugby Football Union in 1911.
Teams.
Moose Jaw Maroons
Moose Jaw Millers
Moose Jaw Robin Hoods
Moose Jaw Tigers
Regina Boat Club
Regina Rugby Club
Saskatoon Hilltops
Saskatoon Quakers
University of Saskatchewan

</doc>
<doc id="31106560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106560" title="Inter-American Tropical Tuna Commission">
Inter-American Tropical Tuna Commission

The Inter-American Tropical Tuna Commission (abbreviated IATTC) (Sp.: "Comisión Interamericana del Atún Tropical") is an international commission that is responsible for the conservation and management of tuna and other marine resources in the eastern Pacific Ocean.
History.
The Inter-American Tropical Tuna Commission was created by the Convention for the Establishment of an Inter-American Tropical Tuna Commission, signed between the United States and Costa Rica on May 31, 1949. The Convention was signed by United States Secretary of State Dean Acheson and Costa Rica's Ambassador to the United States, Mario Echandi Jiménez.
A number of additional countries later joined the Inter-American Tropical Tuna Commission. Depending on the size of the country, each country is represented by up to four Commissioners.
In 2003, the members of the Inter-American Tropical Tuna Commission signed the Antigua Convention, which strengthened the Commission's powers. Most members of the Commission ratified the Antigua Convention between 2004 and 2009, but as of 2011, the U.S. had not ratified the Antigua Convention.
The headquarters of the IATTC are located in La Jolla, San Diego, California, United States.
Members of the Inter-American Tropical Tuna Commission.
An asterisk indicates that the state has ratified the Convention on the Establishment of the Inter-American Tropical Tuna Convention.

</doc>
<doc id="31106574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106574" title="Khader Memorial College of Engineering and Technology">
Khader Memorial College of Engineering and Technology

Khader Memorial College of Engineering and Technology is a new generation engineering college in India, established during the year 2002 in memory of M.A. Khader, with the approval of All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) and is affiliated with Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Hyderabad (JNTUH) to import high quality standards in technical education.
The College is situated 100 km away from Hyderabad and 48 km from Nagarjunasagar on Devarakonda to Bengaluru Highway abutting double lane R&B road at Konda Bheemanapally (V), Devarakonda (M), Nalgonda District - 508 248, Andhra Pradesh, India.

</doc>
<doc id="31106576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106576" title="Bullet to the Head">
Bullet to the Head

Bullet to the Head is a 2012 American action film directed by Walter Hill. The screenplay by Alessandro Camon was based on the French graphic novel "Du Plomb Dans La Tete" written by Matz and illustrated by Colin Wilson. The film stars Sylvester Stallone, Sung Kang, Sarah Shahi, Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje, Christian Slater, and Jason Momoa. Alexandra Milchan, Alfred Gough, Miles Millar, and Kevin King-Templeton produced the film.
The film premiered at the International Rome Film Festival on November 14, 2012. The film received a wide United States release on February 1, 2013.
Plot.
In the city of New Orleans, hitman Jimmy Bobo and his partner Louis Blanchard kill a corrupt policeman, Hank Greely, although Bobo leaves a prostitute, Lola, alive. Later, at a bar, Blanchard is murdered by Keegan, who also attempts to kill Bobo, but fails.
Washington D.C. Detective Taylor Kwon arrives in New Orleans to investigate Greely's death and meets Lieutenant Lebreton, who informs him Lola confirmed Greely was assassinated. Kwon goes to the morgue, and, after seeing Blanchard's body and finding out who he is, he deduces that Blanchard and Bobo killed Greely. Meanwhile, Keegan meets with his employer, Robert Morel, and Morel's lawyer Marcus Baptiste. Baptiste reveals that Greely tried to blackmail Morel, and provided local mobster Baby Jack with a file detailing Morel's illegal operations. Keegan later kills Baby Jack and his men and retrieves the file.
Kwon meets Bobo in a bar and informs him that he knows Bobo and Blanchard killed Greely. Bobo leaves, and when Kwon tries to follow him, he is attacked by corrupt cops who were ordered by Morel to prevent Kwon from further investigating about Greely. Bobo rescues Kwon and takes him to a tattoo parlor, where Bobo's estranged daughter, Lisa, treats Kwon's wounds. They later go to a massage parlor where Bobo interrogates Ronnie Earl, the middleman who hired Bobo and Blanchard on Morel's behalf. Ronnie Earl tries to kill Bobo, but Bobo manages to kill him, although his gun jams. Bobo later confronts Kwon, who admits to having tampered with Bobo's gun, nearly causing his death. Bobo and Kwon agree to work together.
Bobo and Kwon kidnap Baptiste and take him to Bobo's house, where he is forced to give them a flash drive detailing Morel's plans to acquire housing projects and demolish them to build office buildings and reveals Keegan is an ex-mercenary hired to be Morel's enforcer. Afterwards, Bobo shoots him in the head. Keegan and his men trace Baptiste's cellphone to Bobo's house, but Bobo and Kwon are able to escape and detonate a bomb, killing Keegan's men. Keegan then becomes obsessed with killing Bobo.
Kwon meets with Lieutenant Lebreton to ask for his help, but Lebreton tries to kill him, as he is also on Morel's payroll, but Bobo kills him and saves Kwon. Meanwhile, Keegan learns about Lisa and kidnaps her. Morel then calls Bobo and offers to trade Lisa for the flash drive. Bobo agrees, and meets with Morel in an abandoned warehouse, where he delivers the flash drive to him and rescues Lisa, while Kwon infiltrates the building to arrest Morel. Keegan becomes furious when Bobo is allowed to leave and kills Morel and his men before going after Bobo.
Keegan confronts Bobo and they have an axe fight, which ends with Bobo slashing Keegan's throat with Blanchard's knife, followed by Kwon shooting Keegan in the head. Kwon retrieves the flash drive and Bobo shoots him in the shoulder to make it appear as if Kwon failed to capture him. Lisa decides to stay with Kwon, with whom she initiates a romantic relationship, and Bobo leaves. He later meets Kwon at a bar, where Kwon tells him he did not mention Bobo's existence to the police this time, but if Bobo continues in the business, Kwon will take him down. Bobo welcomes him to try and drives off into the night.
Production.
The film is based on Alexis Nolent's French graphic novel "Du Plomb Dans La Tete", translated as "Bullet to the Head", with a screenplay by Alessandro Camon. The producing team previously produced the film "I Am Number Four". An executive attached to the film has said, "movie is exactly the type of fast-paced, universally themed project that suits our business model. Sylvester Stallone is an international icon and we're really excited to be in business with him." Originally Wayne Kramer was attached to direct, but left the project when his vision of the film was darker than Stallone wanted.
Thomas Jane was originally cast for the part that would eventually go to Sung Kang. The role was recast at the insistence of producer Joel Silver, stating a need for a "more 'ethnic' actor" to appeal to a wider audience.
"Bullet to the Head" was shot in New Orleans and started filming on June 27, 2011. On August 23, 2011, it was announced that the film would be released on April 13, 2012. On February 23, 2012, the release date was moved back to an unknown date. It was released on February 1, 2013.
Reception.
Critical response.
"Bullet to the Head" has received mixed reviews from critics. Rotten Tomatoes gives the film a score of 46% based on 132 reviews, with the site's consensus: ""Bullet to the Head"s unapologetically trashy thrills evoke memories of its star and director's proud cinematic pasts – but sadly, those memories are just about all it has to offer". Metacritic gives the film a score of 48/100 based on reviews from 34 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews".
Box office.
"Bullet to the Head" was Sylvester Stallone's worst opening weekend gross in 32 years, and his second-lowest opening weekend gross of all time. "Bullet to the Head" made $4,458,201 for its opening weekend. As of March 24, 2013, the film has grossed $9,489,829 in the United States and $12,457,380 worldwide for a total of $22 million, failing to bring back its $55 million budget.
Music.
The soundtrack album was released digitally on January 29, 2013 and at the stores on February 19. The album features the film's score contains 15 tracks composed by Steve Mazzaro and produced by Hans Zimmer.

</doc>
<doc id="31106582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106582" title="Ultimate Dolly Parton">
Ultimate Dolly Parton

Ultimate Dolly Parton is a compilation album by American country music artist Dolly Parton. It was released by RCA Records on June 3, 2003. The album peaked at number 20 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31106590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106590" title="Ryszard Ochyra">
Ryszard Ochyra

Ryszard Ochyra (born 1949) is a Polish bryologist. This botanist is denoted by the author abbreviation Ochyra when citing a botanical name.

</doc>
<doc id="31106603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106603" title="1999 CAA Men's Basketball Tournament">
1999 CAA Men's Basketball Tournament

The 1999 CAA Men's Basketball Tournament was held from February 25–28, 1999 at the Richmond Coliseum in Richmond, Virginia. The winner of the tournament was George Mason, who received an automatic bid to the 1999 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament. 

</doc>
<doc id="31106611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106611" title="List of Survivor (Australian TV Series) contestants">
List of Survivor (Australian TV Series) contestants

Australian Survivor was a television series based on the popular reality show "Survivor". The series was filmed in November and December 2001 and aired weekly from 13 February - 15 May 2002 on Australia's "Nine Network". Celebrity Survivor, also known promotionally as Celebrity Survivor: Vanuatu and "Australia's Celebrity Survivor", was an Australian television series that screened on Australia's "Seven Network" in 2006. Over the two seasons, a total of 28 people have participated.

</doc>
<doc id="31106619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106619" title="PSJS South Jakarta">
PSJS South Jakarta

PSJS stand for Persatuan Sepakbola Jakarta Selatan (en: "Football Association of South Jakarta"). PSJS South Jakarta is an Indonesian football club based in South Jakarta, Jakarta. Club played in Liga Indonesia Second Division.
Their home stadium is Lebak Bulus Stadium and also PTIK Stadium or Universities Police Science Stadium (Capacity:2,000) in South Jakarta.

</doc>
<doc id="31106633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106633" title="Mumbai Educational Trust">
Mumbai Educational Trust

Mumbai Educational Trust is an academic institution located in Bandra, Mumbai and Nasik. It offers degrees in areas including Management, Information technology and Mass media.

</doc>
<doc id="31106638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106638" title="Dicerandra frutescens">
Dicerandra frutescens

Dicerandra frutescens is a rare species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common names scrub mint and scrub balm. It is endemic to Highlands County, Florida, where it is known only from the Lake Wales Ridge. Its habitat is quickly being lost as it is converted to residential and agricultural use. It was federally listed as an endangered species of the United States in 1985.
This shrub grows about half a meter tall from a deep taproot. It is glandular and strongly aromatic with a mint scent. The oblong leaves are roughly 2 centimeters long, smooth-edged, oppositely arranged, and dotted with visible oil glands. The inflorescence is a pair of flowers each roughly 1.5 centimeters long. The flower has a tubular throat and a lobed, lipped mouth. The corolla is white to light pink and dotted with darker pink on the lips. The protruding stamens are tipped with tiny horned anthers. Blooming occurs in August through October. The flowers are pollinated by the bee-fly "Exprosopa fasciata".
A number of other "Dicerandra" have been separated from "D. frutescens" and elevated to species status, including "Dicerandra cornutissima" in 1981, "Dicerandra christmanii" in 1989, and "Dicerandra modesta" in 2008.
This plant grows in endangered Florida scrub habitat on the botanically unique Lake Wales Ridge. It is estimated that 74.4% of the native habitat in this area was destroyed or altered by 1981, and the process continues today. There are fourteen occurrences, and nine of them are located on private property that may be slated for development; their status is uncertain and some of them may have been destroyed. The scrub where the plant grows is yellow sand scrub dominated by either sand pine or a mix of oaks ("Quercus" spp.) and scrub hickory ("Carya floridana"), or both types. This kind of habitat is maintained by periodic wildfire, a process which is required to clear large and woody vegetation and provide gaps that the smaller plants, including this species, require. Fire suppression is a threat to these species.
There is little damage from disease or predation on the plants, but one species of moth does use it as a larval host. The larva of "Pyrausta panopealis" is not disturbed by the aromatic oils that keep most other insects from consuming the plant. Furthermore, the moth larva might protect itself from other insects by vomiting quantities of the irritating oil all over itself.

</doc>
<doc id="31106662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106662" title="Hindusthan National Guard">
Hindusthan National Guard

Hindusthan Nation Guard () was a volunteer social organization launched by Dr. Shyama Prasad Mookerjee in the aftermath of the Great Calcutta Killings to protect the people affected in the riots.

</doc>
<doc id="31106687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106687" title="Protaba Bantul">
Protaba Bantul

PS Protaba Bantul is an Indonesian football club based in Bantul Regency, Yogyakarta. Club played in Liga Indonesia Second Division. They play their home games at Sultan Agung Stadium.

</doc>
<doc id="31106696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106696" title="Yehuda ben Moshe">
Yehuda ben Moshe

Yehuda ben Moshe ha-Kohen lived during the 13th century and became the personal physician of King Alfonso X of Castile
He also excelled as an astronomer and was a prominent translator and writer at the Toledo School of Translators where he translated important scientific works from Arabic and Hebrew into Castilian.
He was the Rabbi of the Synagogue of Toledo, and one of the most influential personalities of the Jewish community in the city at that time.
Works.
As a member of the School of Translators he helped Alvaro de Oviedo translate the version of Ibn Aben Ragel's "Liber de Judiciis Astrologiae" ("Libro conplido en los iudizios de las estrellas"), a treatise on judicial astrology that was used by Edigio de Tebladis de Parma and Pietro de Reggio.
He also translated the "Lapidario", helped by the Christian Garci Pérez, and the famous Alfonsine tables, compiled by Isaac ibn Sid, that provided data for computing the position of the Sun, Moon and planets relative to the fixed stars.
Other works attributed to him are the "Tratado de la açafeha" into Latin, "Tetrabiblon or Quatriparito" (Ptolemy), 15 treatises on astrology (effects of stars on man and properties of 360 stones with which to ward off negative astral influences), the "IIII libros de las estrellas de la ochaua espera", the "Libro de las cruces" and the "Libros del saber de Astronomía".
Mission to Portugal.
The Crown Prince of Portugal, Denis of Portugal, had fallen ill with no physician being able to diagnose his malady. The king's priest had convinced the King that he was being punished by God for employing Jewish officials in his government. As a result it was feared that both Christian kingdoms of Portugal and Spain, which were on the verge of forming an alliance, would change their attitude towards the Jews and would decree their expulsion.
Legend has it that Yehuda ben Moshe decided to take the initiative and traveled to Portugal, where he gained access to the patient and came to the conclusion that the ailing prince was suffering from a blood-clot. Yehuda performed a very difficult operation that turned out successfully, saving the life of the Prince. In this way he succeeded in counteracting the threatened deportation of Jews from Spain and Portugal.

</doc>
<doc id="31106700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106700" title="Polovinsky District">
Polovinsky District

Polovinsky District () is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the twenty-four in Kurgan Oblast, Russia. It is located in the south of the oblast. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the rural locality (a "selo" of Polovinnoye. Population: 16,295 (2002 Census); The population of Polovinnoye accounts for 37.9% of the district's total population.
History.
The district was established in 1924.
References.
Sources.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="31106721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106721" title="Lluvia al Corazón">
Lluvia al Corazón

"Lluvia al Corazón" (English: "Rain to the Heart") is the first single from Mexican Latin pop/Rock en Español band Maná's eighth studio album "Drama y Luz". The song is produced by Fher Olvera & Alex González.
Chart performance.
The song became a number-one debut on the Hot Latin Songs and Latin Pop Songs chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31106731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106731" title="Indi Lake">
Indi Lake

Indi Lake is a man-made lake in central Saskatchewan, Canada, south of Saskatoon in the rural municipality of Dundurn No. 314. The lake was created, for recreation, in 1967 by a dam located at its south end. The Canadian National Railway crosses the lake.
The lake forms part of the Blackstrap Coulee that is 25 km long and consists of two lakes Blackstrap Lake and Indi Lake that are connected by a small river, with Indi Lake having a more marsh like bottom; both lake beds were farmed during dry seasons prior the dam being constructed. 
Dams on the Indi Lake and Blackstrap Lake.
The Blackstrap North Dam (with a height of 10.4 m and length of 1,370 m) is operated by SaskWater and was constructed in 1967; the dam stores water to supply the village of Thode, the PCS Allen potash mine (via the Bradwell Reservoir) and the Mosaic Colonsay potash mine (via the Zelma Reservoir). The Blackstrap South Dam (with a height of 7.9 m and length of 1,116 m) is operated by SaskWater and was also constructed in 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="31106747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106747" title="List of business schools in Utah">
List of business schools in Utah

This is a list of business schools in Utah. Business schools are listed in alphabetical order by name. Schools named after people are alphabetized by last name. The AACSB International―The Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business is the oldest, largest, and most respected of the accreditation boards for business schools. 

</doc>
<doc id="31106748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106748" title="Domna Anisimova">
Domna Anisimova

Domna Anisimovna Anisimova (; birth and death dates uncertain), known as Blind Domna, was a blind and illiterate but accomplished 19th-century Russian poet. Her last name is also sometimes given as Onisimova ().
Anisimova was born in the village of Degtyanom in the Spassky District of Ryazan Province, the daughter of a sexton in the local village Orthodox church. According to one source she was born in 1808, according to another source in 1812.
At the age of five Anisimova was stricken with smallpox, which left her nearly blind; she could only distinguish day from night and dark colors from bright. Her blindness alienated her from normal society. She loved solitude and old stories about the past, as well as being read books, and worship.
From an early age she loved to be read to, but at first had no cause to hear works except church books, sermons, ancient stories, and fairy tales. But when a new young priest, Sergei Ivanov, was assigned to her village, he became friendly with Anisimova and began to read some later works, especially the work of contemporary poets.
She was read "Twelve Sleeping Virgins" by Vasily Zhukovsky; this ballad made such an impression on her that she was deprived of sleep and was inspired with a great desire to compose poetry, which she soon began to do, dictating poems to her brother.
Her first experiments were "Lullaby" and "Sound of the Night Wind". Donma tried to hide her creations, but they came to the attention of the county police chief, who asked Anisimova to expound on the village harvests. One night she composed a rather long poem, "Depiction of the Harvest".
Rumors about Anisimova's work spread throughout the Spassky district and came to the attention of the provincial governor, who informed Dmitry Bludov, the Minister of Internal Affairs and later president of the St. Petersburg Academy of Sciences, who was a man with a considerable interest in and knowledge of literature.
Bludov sent some of Anisimova's work to Admiral Alexander Shishkov, the president of the Russian Academy and a philologist and literary critic. The Academy decided to encourage Anisimova and sent her one hundred rubles and some books (Heinrich Zschokke's "Hours of Devotion", Nikolay Karamzin's 12-volume "History of the Russian State", and others), published an edition of her poems, and arranged for her to be given disability subsidy of 40 rubles a month for her blindness, which she was to receive for the rest of her life.
The collection of poems published by the Academy under the title "Poems by Miss Onisimova, the Blind Daughter of a Village Sexton" (St. Petersburg, 1838) included "Sound of the Night Wind", "On the Death of a Friend", "Lullaby", "On the Birth of a Child", "To a Faded Flower", "Greeting", and "Depiction of the Harvest", and prefaces by Bludov and Shishkov.
About fifteen of her poems were published in the "Ryazan Diocesan Gazette", and some of her poems were published in the literary newspaper "Northern Bee".
Little information on the last years of her life has survived, and her death date is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="31106749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106749" title="PSGC Galuh Ciamis">
PSGC Galuh Ciamis

PSGC stand for Persatuan Sepakbola Galuh Ciamis (en: "Football Association of Galuh Ciamis"). PSGC Ciamis is an Indonesian football club based in Ciamis Regency, West Java. Club played in Liga Indonesia Second Division.

</doc>
<doc id="31106750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106750" title="Will Tukuafu">
Will Tukuafu

William T. Tukuafu (born January 3, 1984) is an American football fullback and defensive end for the San Francisco 49ers of the National Football League (NFL). He was signed by the Seattle Seahawks as an undrafted free agent in 2010.
Tukuafu was born in Salt Lake City, Utah. He graduated from East High School, attended Scottsdale Community College in Scottsdale, Arizona, then transferred to the University of Oregon.

</doc>
<doc id="31106752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106752" title="One Park Tower">
One Park Tower

One Park Tower may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31106773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106773" title="Kristian Attard">
Kristian Attard

Kristian Attard is an Australian musician who lives in Los Angeles, California, and is the current bass player for Jason Mraz.
From 2009 until 2012 Kristian was the bass player for the rock band Heart 
Attard studied at the Australian Institute of Music.
While in Australia, he was the touring bass player for Jimmy Barnes.
He resides in Los Angeles where he currently works as a session musician and producer. In Los Angeles he has worked with artists including B Real (Cypress Hill), DJ Lethal (Limp Bizkit)/(House of Pain), Mary Wilson (The Supremes), Alison Krauss and Grace Potter and the Nocturnals.

</doc>
<doc id="31106793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106793" title="Dr. Rupert Opie">
Dr. Rupert Opie

Dr. Rupert Opie Is a comedy character played by American Comedian Noel Murphy. Dr. Rupert Opie represents a comedic and satirical reflection of the self-help movement and its gurus. In the improvisational tradition of Ernie Kovacs, Sid Caesar and "Saturday Night Live", ""The Dr. Rupert Opie Show"" satirizes Dr. Phil, Deepak Chopra and John Gray in an intense manner. Topics have included "You're Right, You Are Superior To Others", "You Suck As A Manifestor" and "Animals Are Smarter Than You". The Dr. Rupert Opie Television show has aired for one-and-a-half years and has been a stage show for the preceding 3 years. In 2007, Dr. Rupert Opie released "Ritalin For Your Inner Child" on CD, and in 2008, a cooking video titled "Grilling With Anger". Comedian Noel Murphy has worked with Bill Cosby, Jay Leno, Paula Poundstone, Bon Jovi and Ellen DeGeneres.
Noel Murphy has performed Dr. Rupert Opie (pro bono) at addiction treatment centers around the country.

</doc>
<doc id="31106794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106794" title="Persikas Semarang Regency">
Persikas Semarang Regency

Persikas stand for Persatuan Sepakbola Indonesia Kabupaten Semarang (en: "Football Association of Indonesia Semarang Regency"). Persikas Semarang Regency is an Indonesian football club based in Semarang Regency, Central Java. Club played in Liga Indonesia Second Division.

</doc>
<doc id="31106805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106805" title="Kyu-Iwasaki-tei Garden">
Kyu-Iwasaki-tei Garden

History.
The grounds were originally owned by the Sakakibara family of the Echigo Takada Clan in the Edo Period, and were the site of their Edo residence. The property passed to the Makino family of the Maizuru clan in the early Meji Era. In 1896, Hisaya Iwasaki, son of the founder of the Mitsubishi group, Yataro Iwasaki, purchased this land — three years after becoming Mitsubishi's third president. The premises became the official residence of the Iwasaki family.
Hisaya Iwasaki hired the British architect, Josiah Conder, who designed a two-story Western-style main building and the Swiss-style billiards house. The whole project actually consisted of more than 20 buildings on 49,500 m² property.
After World War II, the residence was confiscated by the Supreme Commander of the Allied Powers and after it was returned it was used as the Judicial Research and Training Institute of the Supreme Court until 1970. 
Of all that was built, only the Western-style mansion, the billiards house, and one Japanese-style structure remain — victim first to the US occupation, but more to the Japanese Department of Justice, which demolished nearly all the Japanese-style housing. The present grounds are now less than half their original size.
In 1961, the main mansion was saved by being recognized as an Important Cultural Asset status. This was extended to the whole property in 1999. Since 2001, it has been administered by the Tokyo metropolitan government.
Buildings.
Western-style residence is a two-story building constructed of wood that also has a cellar. The design is based on the Jacobean style of England in the 17-th century, which incorporates Islamic motifs of the Renaissance. On the south side of the building, there is a veranda with a colonnade. The second-story colonnade is in the Ionian style of the Pennsylvania country house. The reason is that Hisaya Iwasaki had just graduated from the University of Pennsylvania. 
Billiards house was designed to be reminiscent of a Swiss mountain chalet, a style very rarely seen in Japan. This building is made completely of wood, it features log walls with carved pillars and a roof with protruding eaves, a design that shows signs of Gothic style. It is connected to the main residence by an underground passageway. 
Japanese-style building was integrated with the Western-style residence. At the time the building was completed, the total floor space amounted to 1,815 m2, making it nearly comparable in size to the Western-style building. There exist screens and fusuma sliding door paintings done by a well-known painter of the period, Hashimoto Gaho.
The garden may now be little more than a lawn. The elements in the garden that still exist from the Edo Period include some stone monuments, lanterns and a stone hand-washing basin.
The garden is located approximately 3 minutes' walk from Yushima Station. 

</doc>
<doc id="31106809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106809" title="Patricia Ashley">
Patricia Ashley

Patricia Ashley D'Alessandro (born April 28, 1991) is an American actress.
Career.
After competing at the International Modeling and Talent Association (IMTA) in 2005, Patricia went on to host her own Disney Show called Gotcha Covered which aired on the Disney Channel for two years. She has appeared in numerous commercials for companies such as Target, Old Navy and Sears. She has performed lead and supporting roles on film and television including the short film "Just Another Lost Soul" and Nickelodeon's "Victorious" and "iCarly".

</doc>
<doc id="31106813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106813" title="The Day After Yesterday">
The Day After Yesterday

The Day After Yesterday is a 2005 studio album by Australian musician, singer-songwriter, and actor Rick Springfield.
It spent a single week on "Billboard"'s album chart, peaking at #197. The album is composed largely of covers of his favorite songs written by other contemporary artists.
Track listing.
All guitars by Rick Springfield, with John 5 for tracks 4 & 14.
There is a Limited Edition CD/DVD Set wich includes two CDs.
CD 01: Just like the one above, but it adds one more track.
CD 02
DVD includes Rick's fantastic headlined performance in EFX Alive! at the LV MGM GRAND.

</doc>
<doc id="31106828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106828" title="Surabaya Muda">
Surabaya Muda

Surabaya Muda (en: "Young Surabaya") is an Indonesian football club based in Surabaya, East Java. Club played in Liga Indonesia Second Division.

</doc>
<doc id="31106838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106838" title="Brooklyn Soda Works">
Brooklyn Soda Works

Brooklyn Soda Works is an artisinal soda company based in Brooklyn, New York owned by Caroline Mak and Antonio Ramos.
History.
The company operates out of a commercial kitchen in Bedford-Stuyvesant section of Brooklyn. The drinks are carried by food restaurants such as the Blue Hill Restaurant in Manhattan.
Beverage Flavors.
The company offers different flavors based on their experimentation, such as cucumber lime sea salt, and watermelon tarragon lemon.

</doc>
<doc id="31106850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106850" title="Tazti">
Tazti

Tazti is a speech recognition software package developed and sold by Voice Tech Group, Inc. for Windows personal computers. The most recent package is version 3.0, which supports Windows 7, Windows 8 and Windows 8.1 64-bit editions. Earlier versions of Tazti supported Windows Vista and Windows XP. PC video game play by voice, controlling PC applications and programs by voice and creating speech commands to trigger a browser to open web pages, or trigger the Windows operating system to open files, folders or programs are Tazti's primary features. Earlier versions of Tazti included a lite Dictation feature that is eliminated from the latest version. 
Features.
Tazti Speech Recognition software has four primary areas of functionality: 1. Play PC games by voice, 2.control PC based applications and programs by voice, 3. open files, folders and webpages by creating custom speech commands and associating them to file, folder, web URL, 4. run programs that include command line parameters which may include batch flies to mash up Tazti to robots, robotics, web apps, or desktop or other programs not a part of Tazti.
Tazti utilizes a minimal user interface. As an example, user spoken speech commands appear in a balloon on the user interface dashboard as they are spoken allowing the user to confirm by sight the speech recognition quality. 
History.
Voice Tech Group, Inc. was founded in 2005 as an Ohio corporation centered primarily on research of semantic search and voice search. Voice Tech Group, Inc. released Tazti Speech Recognition 1.0 as their first multi-feature speech recognition product in 2005. Early features include mashing up bookmarks and favorites to speech commands, website navigation by voice including of social media sites Facbook and Myspace as well as voice control of iTunes. Voice Tech Group, Inc partnered with SR Tech Group LLC to develop speech and voice recognition technologies in 2013.
Version 2.0.2 released in September 2010 added dictation, keyboard shortcuts that also allow custom setups for PC game play, an advanced speech API, and the ability to turn off/on groupings of speech commands. 
Version 2.4 released in November 2011 improved dictation and fixed bugs.
Version 3.0 released in July 2013 eliminated some features including dictation and added features to game play by voice and control of application and programs by voice.

</doc>
<doc id="31106854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106854" title="Indira Awaas Yojana">
Indira Awaas Yojana

Indira Awaas Yojana (Hindi:इंदिरा आवास योजना) is a social welfare programme, created by the Indian Government, to provide housing for the rural poor in India. The differentiation is made between rural poor and urban poor for a separate set of schemes operate for the urban poor(like the Basic Services for Urban Poor). It is one of the major flagship programs of the Rural Development Ministry to construct houses for BPL population in the villages. Under the scheme, financial assistance worth Rs.70,000/- in plain areas and Rs.75,000/- in difficult areas (high land area) is provided for construction of houses. The houses are allotted in the name of the woman or jointly between husband and wife. The construction of the houses is the sole responsibility of the beneficiary and engagement of contractors is strictly prohibited. Sanitary latrine and smokeless chullah are required to be constructed along with each IAY house for which additional financial assistance is provided from Total Sanitation Campaign and Rajiv Gandhi Grameen Vidyutikaran Yojana respectively.[http://pib.nic.in/newsite/erelease.aspx?relid=0] This scheme, operating since 1985, provides subsidies and cash-assistance to people in villages to construct their houses, themselves.
History.
Started in 1985 as part of the Rural Landless Employment Guarantee Programme (RLEGP), Indira Awaas Yojana (IAY) was subsumed in Jawahar rojgar Yojana (JRY) in 1989 and has been operating as an independent scheme since 1996. From 1995–96 the scheme has been further extended to widows or next-of-kin of defence personnel killed in action, ex-servicemen and retired members of the paramilitary forces who wish to live in rural areas as long as they meet basic eligibility criteria.
Given that India has been historically a populous and poor country, the need of proper housing for the refugees and villagers has been a focus of Government's welfare schemes since the time of India's independence. As a result various welfare schemes like House Sites cumg Construction Assistance Scheme have been ongoing since the 1950s. However, it was only in the 1983 that a focussed fund for creation of housing for scheduled castes (SCs), scheduled tribes (STs) and freed bonded labour was set up under Rural Landless Employment Guarantee Programme (RLEGP). This gave birth to IAY in the fiscal year 1985–86.
Purpose.
The broad purpose of the scheme is to provide financial assistance to some of the weakest sections of society for them to upgrade or construct a house of respectable quality for their personal living. The vision of the government is to replace all temporary ("kutchcha") houses from Indian villages by 2017
Eligibility Criteria.
Scheduled Castes/Scheduled Tribes, freed bonded labourers, minorities and non-SC/ST rural households in the BPL category, widows and next-of-kin to defence personnel/paramilitary forces killed in action (irrespective of their income criteria), ex-servicemen and retired members of paramilitary forces residing in rural areas form the primary target group of eligible candidates for the IAY Scheme.
Implementation.
IAY is an allocation based, centrally sponsored scheme funded on a cost sharing basis between the Central Government and the State Government in the 75%:25% ratio, except in case of North-eastern states and Union Territories (UTs). For NE states the central government funds 90% and 100% for the UTs.
The funds are allocated to the states based on 75% weightage of rural housing shortage and 25% weightage of poverty ratio. The housing shortage is as per the official published figures of Registrar General of India based on the 2001 Census.
Current provisions.
As per the Budget 2011, the total funds allocated for IAY have been set at for construction of houses for BPL families with special focus on the Left Wing Extremist (LWE) districts.
Impact.
Since 1985, 25.2 million houses have been constructed under the scheme. Under the Bharat Nirman Phase 1 project, 6 million houses were targeted and 7.1 million actually constructed from 2005–06 to 2008–09. Additional, 12 million houses are planned to be constructed or renovated under the Bharat Nirman Phase 2.
According to the official 2001 figures, the total rural housing shortage is 14.825 million houses. A yearwise breakdown is given below for the last 5 years:
Management Information System (MIS).
A software called "AWAASSof" was launched in July 2010 to assist in improved administration of this scheme.

</doc>
<doc id="31106878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106878" title="Koduru">
Koduru

Kodur, Koduru or Kodoor (, ) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31106892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106892" title="Naya Kashmir">
Naya Kashmir

Naya Kashmir (New kashmir) is the name given to the memorandum that Sheikh Abdullah the leader of Kashmir's leading political party the National Conference submitted to Maharaja Hari Singh the ruler of Jammu and Kashmir State on his return to Kashmir after attending a meeting of the Imperial War Cabinet of Great Britain followed by a tour of Europe and Middle East in 1944. It was the outline of a plan to convert the Jammu and Kashmir state from an absolute monarchy to a constitutional democracy with the Maharajah remaining as the Head of the State as the Monarch is in Britain. A detailed economic plan for the development of Jammu and Kashmir State was a part of this memorandum. It was subsequently adopted by the National Conference as its manifesto. The "Naya Kashmir" plan proved to be immensely popular in Kashmir as it was the blueprint for a welfare state far in advance of its times. The text of Naya Kashmir in Urdu language is reprinted in the book "Tehreek e Hurriyat e Kashmir" and the English translation is available at Wikisource< 
"Raison d'etre" of Naya Kashmir.
Just a day before Bastille Day on the 13th of July 1931 the people of the Princely State of Jammu and Kashmir were involved in a mass protest against autocratic rule outside the main prison of the city of Srinagar the summer capital of the Jammu and Kashmir State. The troops of the Maharaja opened fire on the demonstrators resulting in the death of dozens of protestors. This resulted in a huge public upheaval in Kashmir..
The demand for democratic rights was led by the Muslim Conference of which Sheikh Mohammed Abdullah soon assumed leadership. Sheikh Abdullah developed strong links with leaders from Jammu like Chaudhary Ghulam Abbas and those from Muzaffarabad and Poonch making the Muslim Conference a powerful party of the whole of Jammu and Kashmir State and not restricted to Kashmir valley alone He also became an important player in Indian politics and developed close links with leaders of the Indian freedom movement including Nehru and Gandhi. These protests led to the establishment of an elected assembly in 1938. In August 1938 Sheikh Abdullah as the leader of the Muslim Conference presented National Demands demanding greater democratic rights for the people of the State. Subsequently Sheikh Abdullah successfully persuaded the members of the Muslim Conference to change its name to National Conference to reflect its role as a secular democratic party representing the aspirations of all the citizens of the State irrespective of their caste, creed or religion.
On 3 September 1939 Britain declared war on Germany marking the start of World War II. Maharaja Hari Singh was a member of the Imperial War Cabinet and went to Britain to participate in its deliberations in April 1944. When he returned from his European tour the citizens of Kashmir lined the roads to welcome him. As his cavalcade (consisting of a flotilla of boats on the river Jehlum) approached Mujahid Manzil the headquarters of the National Conference Sheikh Mohammed Abdullah along with his party members garlanded him with flowers and bouquets were given to him. Then Sheikh Abdullah gave him a memorandum demanding far ranging democratic reforms establishing the Jammu and Kashmir State as a constitutional, democratic welfare State with the Maharaja as the nominal constitutional head. This memorandum has since become famous as the Naya Kashmir document. Attached with this document was an economic plan projecting a humanistic view of development far in advance of the times.
Background.
According to Rasheed Taseer the Kashmiri historian and editor of the weekly "Muhafiz" the idea of making a constitution for the Jammu and Kashmir State was born when a leftist leader Dr Kanwar Ashraf who had recently come from the U.S.S.R to Srinagar mooted the idea that the National Conference being the largest political party should take a lead in formulating a socialistic constitution for the State. This idea was strongly supported by a leftist group within the National Conference which included a noted Kashmiri journalist Sat Pal Sawhney. The job of drafting this constitutional framework was given to one Mr. Bedi (Mr.B.P.L Bedi father of Kabir Bedi) a leftist intellectual who was a Sikh and a close friend of Sheikh Abdullah. The actual writing of this memorandum took place in "Delhi Hotel" at Lahore and at Mr.Bedi's residence at Model Town Lahore. Persons who assisted in its drafting included Freda Bedi, Danyal Lateefi advocate, Hafeez Jullundhri who was a well-known poet, Mohammed Din Taseer (father of Salmaan Taseer) and Pandit Jia Lal Kilam. The initial draft was in English but Molvi Mohammed Sayeed Masoodi was asked to translate it in Urdu so that it could be read by the general population as Urdu was the State Language and he accomplished this task in just two days. Shekh Abdullah in his memoir "Aatish e Chinar" writes that the job of drafting the Naya Kashmir was given to his friend Mr.B.P.L.Bedi.Freda Bedi wife of Mr. B.P.L.Bedi typed the manuscript.K.M.Ashraf,Mohammed Din Taseer, Danyal Lateefi, and the poet Ihsan Danish assisted in its drafting. Sheikh Abdullah however has not mentioned the name of Pandit Jia Lal Kilam or Hafeez Jullundhri among those who assisted in drafting the manuscript. Thus it seems that Rasheed Taseer has confused Hafeez Jullundhri who wrote poems with themes related to Islam with another poet Ihsan Danish who was well known for his progressive views.
Naya Kashmir and the National Conference.
During the cataclysmic events of 1947 the Maharaja fled from Kashmir. and the State of Jammu and Kashmir was divided into Indian and Pakistan administered regions. While the National Conference was wiped out in Pakistan administered areas of Jammu and Kashmir State it has remained an important player in the politics of Indian administered area of the State. Sheikh Abdullah as the leader of the National Conference remained in power for a brief period as Prime Minister till his arrest in 1953 under orders of the "Sadr e Riyasat (Head of State in lieu of Governor as specified under Artcle370 conferring special status on Kashmir) Karan Singh following instructions from Nehru the Prime Minister of India. During the brief period that Sheikh Abdullah was in power he tried to implement the policies that were laid out in the Naya Kashmir manifesto. The feudal system was abolished, The University of Jammu and Kashmir was established and most important elections to the Constituent Assembly were held and the Assembly started the job of making a constitution for the State of Jammu and Kashmir. This process was disrupted when Sheikh Abdullah was arrested in 1953.
and he was refused permission to attend the constituent assembly out of fear that his presence would turn the tables against Bakhshi Ghulam Mohammed who had been appointed as Prime Minister in his place by the Karan Singh under instructions from the Indian Government.
The National Conference subsequently made a comeback and reemerged as the ruling party under a vastly different geopolitical situation. The Naya Kashmir memorandum along with the attached economic plan however remains a beacon light for not only the National Conference but all progressive people of the State even today.
View of Josef Korbel.
The late Josef Korbel (father of Madeline Albright, former U.S.Secretary of state) described the Naya Kashmir as a plan supporting communist ideas, and predicted that Kashmir would be the first Indian State to embrace communism.
Naya Kashmir as a humanistic document.
Naya Kashmir is notable for its humanistic view of development. Its view on the position of women is remarkably advanced as reflected in the provisions regarding position of women in society which are reproduced below:
CHARTER OF WOMENS RIGHTS
The All Jammu And Kashmir National Conference is committed to fight for the rightful place and status of women in society. The National Conference is of the view that men and women must collaborate with each other in shouldering the weighty responsibility of nation building. With this in view The National Conference takes on itself the giving of the following rights to the women of the State:
1. Universal suffrage for women above the age of 18 years
2. The right to be elected as a member in all institutions whose membership is by election
3. The right to have all matters concerning women that are decided by elected organs of the State to be adopted after due consultation with the representatives of the women.
4. The right to employment in all departments of the State.
The National conference also intends to create a special department for affairs pertaining to women. This department will address the problems of women in general and also look into the problems of the women of the backward classes who are utterly neglected. These include the women of the nomadic tribes, those living in frontier regions, boatwomen and such others. This department will take special steps for their uplift.
ECONOMIC RIGHTS OF WOMEN
The National Conference is of the view that women need to be protected from economic exploitation even more than men. At present women are treated as cheap laboor and are used to do jobs meant for men. The National Conference feels that women have the right to be liberated from heavy physical labor. It is the right of women to obtain state help for their maternal role which entails respect and consideration. A responsible government would be bound to ensure that women have the following rights:
A. Women would get the same wages as men for similar work. The sole criterion for determining wages would be the type of job, its nature and workmanship.
B. Women would have the right to follow any trade or profession that they are capable of according to their will and interest.
C. Women working in industries would be entitled to the same social insurance schemes to which the men would be entitled.
Apart from having the right to avail ordinary holidays like men they will have the following special privileges:
1.No woman will be employed for night shifts in industries.
2.No woman will be obliged to do unsuitable heavy labor during pregnancy
D.Every woman whether living in a village, or a city, a nomad or a boatwoman would be entitled to help and protection in her role
as a mother and this would include :
1. Antenatal care
2. Provision of medical help at home or hospital at the time of delivery and special care for complicated cases.
3. Provision of comprehensive post natal patient care.
4. Extending the nursing system on a district by district basis.
5. Paid maternity leave for women six months prior to and six months after delivery.
6. Provision of baby care and kindergarten facility in every place where more than seven women are employed.
7. Every nursing woman would have the right to avail half an hours break after every four hours of work.
8. Women who have a greater number of children would be given a childcare allowance
SOCIAL RIGHTS OF WOMEN
The Jammu and Kashmir national Conference considers the house and the family as the basic social unit and accepts the right of every citizen and every child to enjoy its benefits. This principle demands that:
A.The status of a woman receive legal protection and any offender who is guilty of excesses towards women be awarded deterrent punishment.
B.The women and children of the State be protected from persons indulging in the trafficking of women and children.
C.The economic and physical causes that result in prostitution be addressed and such women brought back into the mainstream by education and persuasion.
D.Special care be taken to address the problems of women belonging to backward tribes and backward regions of the State.
LEGAL RIGHTS OF WOMEN
The Jammu and Kashmir National Conference is committed to the principle of equality of men and women in legal matters. The National Conference recognizes the right of every citizen man or woman to marry according to their custom and religion whether Hindu or Muslim or Buddhist or Sikh or belongs to any other religion. The only requirement would be that the marriage would have to be registered with the Registrar of Marriages of the responsible government of the State. In the interests of women the National Conference desires that:
A.Every woman would have the right to choose her husband according to her will and discretion.
B.Dowry system and the sale of women would be abolished.
C.Women would have the right to obtain divorce or separation.
D.The responsibilities and rights of women will be at par with those of men with regard to the bringing up of children and if the husband and wife get divorced the woman would have the right to custody of the minor child.
E.Women would have the right to own and inherit property and this right will not be affected by marriage.
F.In every dispute where the outcome would have consequences for women and children the judge would have to be a woman.
G. Women prisoners would be treated justly and humanely paying due regard to their physique and gender.
EDUCATIONAL RIGHTS OF WOMEN
Having understood that educational facilities are vital for uplift of women on a large scale the Jammu and Kashmir National Conference takes responsibility for implementing a special scheme for women's education based on the following principles:
A. Compulsory and free education for all women. Mobile schools would be provided for nomad women and boat schools for boatwomen.
For women who are unable to attend ordinary schools special schools will be provided at all levels.
B. The educational rights and facilities for both academic and professional education provided to women would be at par with those
provided to men. Women would be given special scholarships at every level to encourage them."
Indian Leaders and Naya Kashmir.
Although the Naya Kashmir proposal was submitted to Maharaja Hari Singh in 1944 when the Republics of India and Pakistan had not yet come into existence and although it proposed that the Princely State of Jammu and Kashmir be made an independent democratic constitutional monarchy yet it is interesting that many important Indian Prime Ministers have expressed support for "Naya Kashmir" and promised to help realize that dream. They include Jawahar Lal Nehru and Indira Gandhi in the past and just a few years back Prime Minister Manmohan Singh who in his Convocation Speech at the University of Jammu on 15 July 2007 said:
"My vision, I have stated many times before, is to build a Naya Jammu and Kashmir which is symbolized by peace, prosperity and people’s power. You are all the real stakeholders in the future of Jammu and Kashmir, and it is only through your energetic participation that a Naya Jammu and Kashmir can truly be built."
This testifies to the strong hold that the vision of "Naya Kashmir" has on the public mind even today more than six decades after it was conceived.

</doc>
<doc id="31106920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106920" title="2011 Gyeongryeolbi island fishing incident">
2011 Gyeongryeolbi island fishing incident

The 2011 Gyeongryeolbi island fishing incident occurred on March 2, 2011 Taean County at 3 pm at 64 miles southwest off Gyeongryeolbi island between People’s Republic of China fishing boats and the South Korea Coast guard.
Incident.
Seven Chinese fishing boats were spotted by a patrol boat from the South Korea Coast guard. Two of the 30 ton Chinese boats entered 7 miles into the South Korea Exclusive Economic Zone illegally. Korean authorities used fire extinguishers to disperse the boats, then sent out two speedboats and seized two of the boats after a 10 minute chase.
When boarding the boat, violence broke out. The fisherman began swinging axes and hammers. The Korean officers fired 10 blanks and live ammo with shotguns. One of the shot penetrated the left ankle of one the Chinese fisherman. Two people were injured in total, including one Chinese fisherman and one Korean coast guard.
Aftermath.
The fisherman shot was sent to a hospital in Gunsan by helicopter. According to the coast guard, this was the first time shots were fired for illegal fishing in the Yellow Sea.

</doc>
<doc id="31106923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106923" title="Persikapro Probolinggo">
Persikapro Probolinggo

Persikapro stand for Persatuan Sepakbola Kabupaten Probolinggo (en: "Football Association of Probolinggo Regency"). Persikapro Probolinggo is an Indonesian football club based in Probolinggo Regency, East Java. Club played in Liga Indonesia Second Division.

</doc>
<doc id="31106928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106928" title="Agnes River (Spanish River)">
Agnes River (Spanish River)

The Agnes River is a river in the Lake Huron drainage basin in Unorganized Sudbury District in Northeastern Ontario, Canada.
The river begins at an Sinaminda Lake and flows southeast to its mouth at the Spanish River, which flows to the North Channel on Lake Huron. The outflow from Sinaminda Lake is controlled by the Sinaminda Dam, owned by Domtar; water from the lake reservoir is used to provide a regulated flow to hydroelectric generating stations owned by Vale Inco further downstream on the Spanish River. The mouth of river is a glacially-formed fluvial delta.
A stand of old-growth forest called the Agnes River Old Pine is located in the Agnes River drainage basin.

</doc>
<doc id="31106937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106937" title="Firemen and Deckhands' Union of New South Wales">
Firemen and Deckhands' Union of New South Wales

Firemen and Deckhands' Union of New South Wales (FDU) was an Australian trade union existing between 1901 and 1993. The union covered deckhands employed on ferries, tugs, launches, lighters and hoppers, as well as enginemen, wharf hands, turnstill hands, change hands, firemen, motorboat coxmen and assistants. The FDU operated a closed shop, with all labour in the industry provided to employers through the union.
Industrial Disputes.
The first major strike action conducted by the union was the Sydney Ferry Strike of 1913, when approximately 350 workers employed by various private ferry companies in Sydney Harbour struck for 6 days as part of a campaign for the 48 Hour Week. The union won the dispute, following the intervention of the Minister for Labour and Industry, Ambrose Campbell Carmichael and the strong support received from the ferry employees and other unions. Prior to the construction of the Sydney Harbour Bridge the ferry system was a vital component of the city's travel system, and the strike caused serious transportation problems.
The Firemen and Deckhands' Union became involved in a dispute between the Broken Hill Proprietary Company (BHP) and the Seamen's Union of Australia (SUA) in 1972, over the replacement of Australian-crewed ships with those manned by foreign crews on coastal iron ore routes. FDU members working on tugs in Port Kembla refused to assist the "Iron Somersby" in berthing in the port. The FDU, along with a number of other maritime unions, also boycotted a chartered foreign flag ship, the "Texaco Skandinavia", which Caltex Oil attempted to employ on domestic routes. Both disputes resulted in union victories, with the "Texaco Skandinavia" failing to carry a single cargo.
The Firemen and Deckhands Union also participated in the imposition of Green Bans on the demolition of historic buildings in The Rocks area of Sydney, then slated for redevelopment into high-rise office blocks. The Rocks has a strong working-class, maritime history, which was preserved through the initiative of a number of unions, the first time such an action had been taken.
Amalgamation.
Throughout its history the Firemen and Deckhand's Union underwent a number of amalgamations with other unions covering the maritime industry, including incorporating members of the Ferry and Tugboat Employees' Union and the Coxswain and Drivers Union. The FDU amalgamated with the Seamen's Union beginning with the establishment of a single national tugboat award in 1976, and finally ending in the NSW branch's amalgamation into the Maritime Union of Australia (the successor to the SUA).
Politics.
Despite being classed as a generally "left of centre" union, the FDU did not subscribe to the socialist politics of some other maritime unions, including the Waterside Workers' Federation and the Seamen's Union. The ideological difference with the latter of these unions did cause some friction, and was an obstacle to amalgamation in the industry. The union was supportive of Australia's involvement in the First World War, and criticised the Sydney Labor Council for its opposition to the war effort. The FDU was also supportive of the government during the 1949 Australian coal strike, allowing foreign cargo ships carrying coal to berth in Sydney and Melbourne.
Later, during the 1960s the union moved further to the left, and became involved in a number of political boycotts, aimed at putting pressure on foreign regimes by restricting their trade with Australia. These included boycotts of Greek ships, on the issue of the military coup in Greece in 1967. The FDU was also strongly active in the anti-apartheid boycotts of the late 20th century, and sent a delegate to the first legal meeting of the African National Congress in 1991.
The General Secretary of the FDU was Don Henderson (1963-1984) and later John Garrett (1984-1993). 

</doc>
<doc id="31106950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106950" title="Nuestra Belleza Querétaro 2010">
Nuestra Belleza Querétaro 2010

Nuestra Belleza Querétaro 2010, was held in Hotel Misión Juriquilla, Querétaro, Querétaro on July 17, 2010. At the conclusion of the final night of competition, Natasha Kaufmann of the capital city Querétaro was crowned the winner. Kaufmann was crowned by outgoing Nuestra Belleza Querétaro titleholder, Alejandra Cabral. Ten contestants competed for the state title.

</doc>
<doc id="31106966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106966" title="Grogger">
Grogger

Grogger can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31106979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106979" title="Koduru, Vizianagaram">
Koduru, Vizianagaram

Koduru () is a village in Badangi mandal of Vizianagaram district, Andhra Pradesh, India. It is located about 40 kilometers from Vizianagaram city.
Demographics.
According to Indian census, 2001, Koduru has a population of 5,714; among them males consists of 2,865 and females 2,849.

</doc>
<doc id="31106982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31106982" title="Persekama Madiun">
Persekama Madiun

Persekama stand for Persatuan Sepakbola Kota Madiun (en: "Football Association of Madiun City"). Persekama Madiun is an Indonesian football club based in Madiun, East Java. Club played in Liga Indonesia Second Division.

</doc>
<doc id="31107023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31107023" title="Sukhmohinder Singh Sandhu">
Sukhmohinder Singh Sandhu

As of 2011 Sukhmohinder Singh Sandhu was senior superintendent of Indian Police Services (IPS) in the state of Punjab. Sandhu served in important positions during the terrorism days in Punjab. He is considered to be a close ally of ADGP Sumedh Singh Saini.
Honors.
Sandhu is the only officer in the history of the Indian Police Service (IPS) to be called back from retirement and promoted to IPS from Punjab Police Services.
Assassination attempt.
Early in 1992, an unsuccessful assassination attempt was made on him by terrorists in Ludhiana using a bomb.
Allegations.
Along with ADGP Saini and two other Punjab police officers, Sandhu was charged in the kidnapping, illegal detention and disappearance of two businessmen and their driver.The victims were allegedly picked up by the police and then disappeared. This case is pending in the court and the CBI is investigating.

</doc>
<doc id="31107027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31107027" title="Persal South Aceh">
Persal South Aceh

Persal stand for Persatuan Sepakbola Aceh Selatan (en: "Football Association of South Aceh"). Persal South Aceh is an Indonesian football club based in South Aceh Regency, Aceh. Club played in Liga Indonesia Second Division.

</doc>
<doc id="31107031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31107031" title="QVD (software)">
QVD (software)

QVD is an Open Source Virtual Desktop Infrastructure (VDI) product built on top of Linux. Its main purpose is to provide remote desktops to users.
QVD Main Features.
Desktop support.
QVD can support any Linux Desktop that runs on top of X11 (GNOME, KDE, Xfce, LXDE, etc.).
Client support.
Currently, clients are available for Microsoft Windows, Linux, Mac OS X and Android.
Scalability and reliability.
The server software can run both on a single-node configuration or in a multi-node configuration.
In the later case, the user sessions (or virtual machines) are automatically distributed along the running nodes. The software is able to recover automatically in the case of one node failing, redistributing the user sessions over the remaining nodes.
Network bandwidth requirements.
The NX libraries are used to reduce the network traffic resulting in very low bandwidth requirements for most common corporate desktop usage (i.e. browsing the web, handling email, editing documents, etc.).
Hypervisor.
QVD can run virtual machines using KVM or LXC.
KVM allows for a complete isolation between the host and the guest virtual machines.
LXC on the other hand, runs the virtual machined inside isolated containers inside the host. That greatly reduces the CPU and memory requirements per user session as the kernel is able to share resources (i.e. disk buffers) between the containers more effectively.
Administration.
Administration of the platform can be performed through a web based tool or using the provided command line utilities.
Provisioning of new users can be automated.
Several back-ends are available for authentication and new ones can be independently developed as plugins.
Open Source.
QVD is a pure Open Source project, accessible to the whole developers community. That means:
History.
1.x, 2.x.
QVD 1.x and 2.x were versions of the product based on FreeNX tailored for a specific client and never publicly released.
3.0.
QVD 3.0 was released at May 2011. Its main Features were:
3.1.
QVD 3.1 was released in October 2012.
The main addition in this version was the support for Linux containers. That made possible to reduce the CPU and memory requirements per user session.
Other features in this version were:
3.2.
QVD 3.2 was released by December 2012.
The main additions on this release were as follows:
Fundamentals.
QVD is written mostly in Perl, with some parts in C/C++ and Javascript.
It runs in a Linux OS.
As the delivery protocol it uses the NX technology, the user desktop runs as a remote X11 session even across slow or low-bandwidth connections. It is possible to run the client on Windows and Linux platforms or via Thin Clients.
The main focus is to provide desktop access for large number of users with a very small footprint for each user session by:
Basics.
QVD is composed by actors and components.
The QVD’s actors are
The QVD components are

</doc>
<doc id="31107047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31107047" title="Walter Irving Scott">
Walter Irving Scott

Walter Irving Scott (July 1, 1895 – May 12, 1995) was an American musician, cardsharp and amateur magician. His glowing reputation among magicians and card men revolves around his time as a card cheat and a single demonstration of sleight-of-hand to some of the era's best magicians in New York in 1930. He lived out his last years in Rhode Island as a music teacher.
Scott spent his formative years perfecting several difficult sleights of card manipulation in order to work as a cardsharp in card games throughout America. He participated in several different types of swindles and hustles. Eventually turning to a music career he was asked to perform one more demonstration. This single event created a legend within the magic community that continues to this day.
Early life.
Born in Providence, Rhode Island on July 1, 1895 he was the son of a British engineer, Edward Augustus Scott, and his Scottish wife Jessie Barnes Smith. In 1899 Jessie left her husband, after enough of his self-indulgent ways, with her four children, Jesse, Edward, the 4 year old Walter and his sister Florence.
The young Scott showed no natural qualities and drifted around with no particular purpose in mind. Then one day he found himself baffled by a neighbors card trick. He began studying card sleights and magic and entered some talent contests when he was 12.
As the years passed his interest at manipulating cards for the stage turned into manipulating them for the card table. While he never directly talked about how he learnt his trade Scott occasionally stressed the importance of personal tuition and mentioned the name Walter Holman, whom he met aged 16 or 17, from Boston.
Holman was according to Scott "The best second and bottom dealer", and taught him the second and bottom deals.
Aged 17 Scott began to travel the states to find out "what the cardsharps actually do".
In December 1919 he joined the Providence branch of the National Conjurers Association, stating on his application he was an amateur magician and 'card manipulator'. It was here he met Edward Gilland McGuire, a fellow magician. McGuire had served in World War I but having been injured returned to Providence and took up an interest in magic.
McGuire realised that Scott's skills owed more to the gaming room than the magic store. He began to see Scott's skills as a personal asset to allow him entry into a more privilege world of magicians.
Music career.
Scott gave up working with cards in 1924 to focus on his love of music. He played the steel guitar. He had been playing since 1912 and with the increased popularity of Hawaiian bands found more opportunities to play professionally. Teaching himself, with some help from Hawaiian entertainers playing American theaters, he began touring with a band and appearing in Hawaiian shows and a stock theatre company.
He enjoyed writing music and wrote his own and that of other band members.
During these years Eddie McGuire had been in correspondence with T. Nelson Downs. He talked at length about the greatest cheat he, or anyone else, had ever come across. This cardsharp was a mysterious player named 'Scott'.
These letters raise some questions, such as why in 1922 McGuire was still talking to Downs about 'second dealing' specifics having already met Scott who he had alluded to being an excellent second dealer. Around the time Scott was touring with his band McGuire also wrote Downs telling him that Scott performed his music just for the fun of it. In 1929 he talked of watching Scott hustling other players at a game in Block Island.
It is suggested that McGuire was creating the Phantom legend from the very beginning, from getting information on the second deal and feeding it to Scott to maintaining the idea of a 'high class bootlegger' and professional cardsharp.
During this period Scott married his first wife, Edith Paulson. A showgirl at the Oxford Hotel, Worcester. Scott called her 'one of the prettiest girls in all the world". They had spent six years together before getting married. Unfortunately, like his father before him and his brother, he was "playing around", and the marriage did not last long.
The Phantom of the Card Table.
While Scott occupied himself with his music, McGuire had been boasting to the magicians in New York about his other skills, claiming he knew a card cheater who could beat the lot of them.
Eventually Downs asked McGuire to set up a demonstration and it was arranged for 14 June 1930. Scott had nothing to gain from going to New York and made the trip largely as a favour to McGuire.
Some of the finest card men of the era had gathered in the home of Al Baker. T. Nelson Downs was there and others included Cardini and Max Holden. Scott proceeded to impress some of the world's most knowledgeable and skilled sleight of hand artists with his supreme skills. He astonished them for the rest of the evening with feats of cardmanship they had only dreamt about. He performed feats of advanced sleights, dealing poker hands, card cheating and repeated these effects again and again, sometimes blindfolded.
In the July 1930 issue of The Sphinx (magazine), the most prestigious US conjuring journal, Max Holden stated:
"Without a doubt Walter Scott is the cleverest man with a pack of cards in the world." 
After performing again for Cardini at his home, where a mysterious photo of 'The Phantom' with his hood still on originated (most likely taken by Cardini himself), the general attitude among the 'New York Inner Circle' was that Walter Scott was the new king of cards. An almost supernaturally skilled cardsman.
After New York.
The main person affected with Scott's newfound fame and praise was Dai Vernon. 'The Professor' is still considered one of the greatest card manipulators in the history of conjuring.
The young Vernon often spent a lot of time on the road searching for legendary gamblers and cheaters and originators of new sleights or classic moves.
He was the one card worker of note not among those for Scott's New York performance. Even his friend Eddie McLaughlin, who was there, spoke of Scott's amazing performance.
In the aftermath of the evening McGuire acted as an intermediary and seems to have taken pleasure in his newfound power over the revered Vernon who wanted an audience with Scott. McGuire had spent the last decade trying to circle with some of the top professionals. He used his money, and his considerable knowledge, to assist other performers and constantly expand his knowledge of magic and secret sleights.
However he was never able to get close to two of the best, Dai Vernon or Sam Horowitz.
So McGuire got close to a magician both men admired, Max Malini, and through clever use of his association with Malini got to Horowitz.
With his knowledge of Scott, McGuire had leverage and a worth to the top cardmen. For months before the June demonstration he had been giving some notes on Scott's work to Cardini.
In 1931 he released a collection of manuscripts involving aspects of Scott's work which became known as The Phantom of the Card Table. Around thirty copies were released selling for as much as $50 each (approx $500 in today's currency).
Through his drip feeding of notes to Horowitz and Cardini he got Vernon to start calling. McGuires replies contained nothing of value and only forced Vernon to keep writing. In the correspondence he prodded Vernon and talked up Scott's achievements and skills. It was a turnaround that McGuire must have enjoyed, now all the secretive magicians were looking to him for answers.
As time passed and secrets slowly leaked McGuire's frustration grew with his fading control. Vernon had dropped the interest in Scott for a while to find 'the center deal' and in 1932 he released the Twenty Dollar Manuscript that contained a blindfolded poker routine and the Vernon Automatic Second Deal.
McGuire's plan to gain Vernon's confidence had failed and now he suspected Vernon was spreading information on Scott's work.
McGuire retaliated with puff pieces in journals and wild stories of his own life. He wrote of how fantastic Scott was and assaulted Vernon's credibility and skill level when compared.
In 1933 however McGuire stopped his correspondence with Nelson Downs and disappeared from the magic community for unknown reasons. With him no longer pushing the legend, Walter Scott passed out of interest as well.
Discovery.
Throughout the subsequent years the legend of the Phantom only grew however. In 1951 Arthur T. Johnson, a magician from New York, produced an edition of The Phantom of the Card table and handed it out anonymously at a magician's convention so that the material would not be in danger of being forgotten.
In August 1956 Scott, now 'rediscovered', was the headline act at the New England Magicians Convention. Due to the returned focus on Scott and a misattributed comment about him, Dai Vernon was not enthusiastic. Nor did it appear were the patrons of the show.
While he appeared age 61 the main reason he was not widely applauded was not the rigours of age but that many there didn't appreciate what he was doing. Scott was not a magician with funny lines, instead he was showing real life situations. His skills were not suited to producing four aces at the end of a trite story but how to get what you need in a dangerous environment. He closed his show by asking anyone who was interested in his work to talk to him afterwards.
It was the only convention lecture he ever gave.
Some that took on Scott's offer to see the work more closely after the show were magician Ray Goulet and magician Herb Zarrow. Goulet said Walter Scott was the best second and bottom dealer he had ever seen.
Another who saw Scott at this time was Slydini who was very impressed.
Finally, the legendary Ed Marlo, met Scott at his home and they spent hours talking and demonstrating skills to each other. Later Marlo said:
""It turned out, that we met a Presence, not a Phantom, and he lived up to the superlatives that everybody heard but were reluctant to believe"".
However, once again he faded from the small limelight he had amassed until finally, after moving to America in 1983, British magician Gazzo, found Scott once more.
He had returned to Rhode Island and was a music teacher.
None of his friends knew he was a magician or even that he played cards but, with Gazzo's enthusiasm and skill for the moves in The Phantom at the Card Table, Scott finally revealed his side of the story and the tale of his life.
He said that, despite all his talk of being good friends and the man's generosity, that Eddie McGuire was one of the worst men he had ever met. That on the night of the famous demonstration he was a little drunk and was lured by booze and women than any claim to fame or praise.
He talked of his life as card cheat and the various hustles and scams he was a part of. His friendship with Gazzo grew and strengthened for the years after their first meeting. Gazzo became his apprentice and only student, and in turn spread his works across the magic community.
When asked about all the rumours, myths and half-truths surrounding his life, and many from his own mouth, Scott simply stated to Gazzo:
" "The truth is this. I was always a good bottom dealer. I was always an expert second dealer. Now those are two foundations you have to stand on. That's the story. Walter Scott as I saw him was a good bottom dealer, a second dealer and could riffle the cards very well." "
Walter Scott died on 12 May 1995. He was ninety-nine years old.
Legacy.
Walter Scott's performance in 1930 set the standard for card men of the era. Finally an example of a perfect deal was a reality.
The emergence of gambling 'exposé' act owes much to Scott's performance.
Scott proved that practice makes perfect and it was out of that era that a new generation of 'gambling experts', such as John Scarne, emerged. His story and the legend that surrounds it, and his skills, is a driver even today for the top cardsharps to excel and perfect the sleights he made his money, and his name, with.

</doc>
<doc id="31107054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31107054" title="Maharaja Ranjit Singh Armed Forces Preparatory Institute">
Maharaja Ranjit Singh Armed Forces Preparatory Institute

The Maharaja Ranjit Singh Armed Forces Preparatory Institute has been established by the government of Punjab, India, in Sector 77 Mohali. The institute commenced training with effect from April 2011.
The institute aims to train selected young boys from Punjab for permanent commission into the armed forces through the National Defence Academy. The institute is designed to train 96 boys at any one time. The training period is two years. There are two batches of 48 cadets at a time trained at the institute.
Entrance procedure.
There is an entrance test conducted by AFPI every year in January. It includes Maths and English of 10th as syllabus A merit list is prepared on the performance of written test and near about 100 names are short listed for the interview. After the test, an interview is conducted. The basic aim of the interview is to choose the best out of the good. There is no study required for the interview. In the interview general ability and mental level of the candidate is tested.Duration of interview is 1 day.Those candidates who are selected in the interview have to go for their medical conducted by the institute. Basic aim of medical is to check the internal disabilities if any. After the medical a final merit list is prepared showing the names of 48 selected cadets.
Eligibility.
A candidate must have the following standards for joining the institute:
Squadron.
After the admission to the institute, a cadet is given his squadron, ALPHA OR BRAVO, and a cadet number.
Hostel.
The institute has its own hostel facility with 96 cabins, one for each cadet.
Training.
The four major aspects of training at AFPI are:-
(a) Academics - all cadets study Plus 1 and Plus 2 in the non medical stream (Physics, Chemistry, Maths, English and Physical Education / Computer Science). For this purpose AFPI has a contractual arrangement with a local school in Mohali.
(b) Physical Fitness. Cadets do PT equivelant to 1st Term NDA standards (Basic Tests); 2nd Term standards (Higher tests); and 3rd Term standards (Excellence Tests). Drill is also taught at AFPI. All important games are played to include Hockey, Football, Basketball, Volleyball, Cross Country, Boxing, Lawn Tennis. Squash, Golf and Swimming. Shooting is also taught at a indoor shooting range. Equitation training is likely to be introduced shortly.
(c) Personality Development and OLQ. Leadership, Soft skills, Communication skills, art of study, Know the armed forces, War movies, Debates, Group discussions, presentations, visit to military units.
(D) Preparation for the NDA entrance test and SSB interviews.
Finances.
All training and administrative expenses are borne by the govt of Punjab. Cadet only has to pay school fees for the school in which he is doing his academics.
Results achieved so far.
In Mar 2013 the first course passed out. Seven cadets have joined NDA / Navac.
In Mar 2014 the second course completed its training. 23 cadets are in the merit list for NDA / Navac. Joining instructions are expected by these cadets shortly.

</doc>
<doc id="31107063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31107063" title="Way of the Samurai 4">
Way of the Samurai 4

So far it is exclusive to the PlayStation 3, and an English was announced on January 19, 2012 by Rising Star Games. The release of the game in Europe was on October 5, 2012. On April 4, 2012, XSEED Games published the game for the U.S. as a downloadable title on PlayStation Network with a release date of August 21, 2012.
Plot.
The game is set in a fictional port town called Amihama in 1855. Players can create their own samurai and choose to align themselves with one of three factions: the pro-government forces, the anti-government rebels seeking to repel foreigners, or the British Navy stationed in the city to negotiate a peace treaty.
Downloadable content.
A Shinsengumi costume DLC pack was offered for free from March 24 to April 27, 2011. After that, it was priced $6. Players need to apply a patch before using any downloadable content.
Hijikata Toshizō and Kondō Isami are among the downloadable Shinsengumi characters.
Dona Dona from the original "Way of the Samurai" and a grown-up version of the character Sayo from "Way of the Samurai 2" are also available for download. Sayo will appear in the road and offer rice balls.
Plus version.
On January 26, 2012, "Way of the Samurai 4" was repackaged, bundled with all DLCs, and re-released as "Way of the Samurai 4 Plus" (at half price). Sakamoto Ryōma is available as playable character in this version.

</doc>
<doc id="31107071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31107071" title="Yves Gentet">
Yves Gentet

Yves Gentet (1965–present), is a French engineer, known for inventing a process to create multicolored holograms.
As an engineer specializing in lasers, Yves Gentet first worked on holographic targeting systems of the French fighter plane Dassault Rafale. In 1995, he developed a method called "Ultimate", which allows the creation of muticolored holograms. It consists of three lasers (red, blue and green) instead of the usual technique of using only a red laser. This novel technique relies on an emulsion of silver particles in a gelatin, which is able to store many more interference fringes than the previous methods due to the silver particles' diameter (a few nanometers).

</doc>
<doc id="31107073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31107073" title="Tom Vincent Trio">
Tom Vincent Trio

The Tom Vincent Trio is an Australian piano trio led by Tom Vincent (pianist). The first trio line up performed in Sydney in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="31107077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31107077" title="Zynga with Friends">
Zynga with Friends

Zynga with Friends (formerly Newtoy, Inc.) is a video game developer founded in 2008 by brothers Paul Bettner and David Bettner in McKinney, Texas. It is one of the four game developers that was formed after the disbanding of Ensemble Studios, the other three being Robot Entertainment, Windstorm Studios and Bonfire Studios, which has since been acquired by Zynga and renamed Zynga Dallas. In November 2008, Newtoy, Inc. released its first known game for the iPhone and iPod touch, Chess with Friends, an online game released for the Apple App Store. Later, in August the following year, it released its second known game for iPhone and iPod touch, "Words with Friends", another online game with a format almost exactly identical to Scrabble, which ultimately became their best known game. In November 2010, the company was acquired by Zynga, and was rebranded as Zynga with Friends in December 2010. Finally, after a near two years since the company's previous game release, Zynga with Friends released its third game for iPhone and iPod touch, "Hanging with Friends", on June 9, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31107084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31107084" title="Otamatea River (Northland)">
Otamatea River (Northland)

The Otamatea River is a river of the Northland Region. A short, wide river, It flows southwest and could be considered an arm of the northern Kaipara Harbour. The Otamatea is formed by the confluence of the Wairau and Kaiwaka rivers and the North Auckland Line crosses at this point. Almost wide at its origin, the river widens to by its mouth opposite Tinopai. Several other broad tidal creeks flow into the Otamatea, including Raepare Creek, Awaroa Creek, Takahoa Creek and the Whakaki River on the left bank and the Arapaoa River on the right.

</doc>
<doc id="31107086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31107086" title="Palagara">
Palagara

Palagara () is a village in Balijipeta mandal of Vizianagaram district, Andhra Pradesh, India.
It is located about 56 kilometers from Vizianagaram city. It is the third most populous village in the Balijipeta mandal after Balijipeta and Pedapenki.
Demographics.
According to Indian census, 2001, the demographic details of this village is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="31107097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31107097" title="Persisum Sumbawa">
Persisum Sumbawa

Persisum stand for Persatuan Sepakbola Indonesia Sumbawa (en: "Football Association of Indonesia Sumbawa"). Persisum Sumbawa is an Indonesian football club based in Sumbawa Regency, Sumbawa, West Nusa Tenggara. Club played in Liga Indonesia First Division.

</doc>
<doc id="31107101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31107101" title="James Kirkpatrick">
James Kirkpatrick

James Kirkpatrick is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="31107105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31107105" title="Ullasapoongattu">
Ullasapoongattu

Ullasapoongattu () is a 1997 romantic comedy film directed by Vinayan, and starring Dileep, Mohini, Thilakan, Jagathy Sreekumar and Meghanathan in major roles.
Plot.
The film revolves around Unni, a cab driver, who tries to find a girl for John Fernandez, an American citizen who wishes to spend his holidays in Ootty. What he demands is just money which he needs to pay his family's debt. But he ends up falling in love with the young girl he finds.

</doc>
<doc id="31107110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31107110" title="Green Head, Western Australia">
Green Head, Western Australia

Green Head is a small Australian coastal town in the Shire of Coorow. The town is situated between Geraldton and Perth in the Mid West region of Western Australia along Indian Ocean Drive. Its beaches and lifestyle provide a relaxed holiday atmosphere. It is the home of what was a significant, but now declining, rock lobster industry.
History.
The first Europeans known to visit the Green Head coast were Dutch sailors in the 1600s, sailing to Indonesia for trade. Several Dutch ships were wrecked on the Western Australian reefs, among them the "Vergulde Draeck" (Gilt Dragon). Abraham Leeman and crew from the "Waeckende Boey", while searching in the ship's small boat for survivors of the "Vergulde Draeck", were marooned on Fishermans Island just south of Green Head in 1658.
The town was named after the nearby headland, which was originally named in 1875 by Staff-Commander William Edwin Archdeacon R.N., who was in charge of the Admiralty survey of the coast of Western Australia. The name is descriptive. Land was set aside for a camping reserve in 1946 and the popularity of the area led to a demand for building blocks in the 1950s. Lots were surveyed in 1959 and the townsite was gazetted on 7 January 1966.
Tourism.
Green Head is a popular tourist destination and has a number of accommodation choices.
Local attractions include sea lions a short boat ride off the Green Head coastline at North Fishermans Island, which hosts the second largest population of sea lions on the Mid West coast. Numbers fluctuate between 40 to 80,depending on the breeding cycle. Interaction can be experienced with these inquisitive mammals by a government licensed charter.
Green Head has numerous vantage points for beach fishing, where catches include whiting, herring, tailor, skippy, and cobbler. Two recreational boat ramps service the town, one near the jetty and the other at South Bay for smaller boats. A boat provides access to a variety of fish as well as the local crayfish (rock-lobster).
There is one main paddle-out surf break at Point Louise, best suited for beginners or malibu riders when the swell is under two metres. Swells bigger than 2 metres create a more powerful wave that suits intermediate to advanced surfers. Green Head has many options to explore off-shore reefs for waves but require use of a boat.
Green Head is a well known sailboarding destination thanks to the strong sea breeze that blows from December until February. Although popular amongst the windsurfing community it still remains relatively uncrowded. Sandboarding is another activity available with specific beaches to sandboard where sand erosion is not a problem.
The Green Head town site is surrounded by nature reserves and a national park. Lesueur National Park covers 2,700 hectares and is renowned for its diversity of wild flowers. 1200 species have been identified but not surprisingly there are still over 300 species to be identified. The Department of Environment and Conservation improved infrastructure by installing a bitumen loop road for access to the unique flora and fauna. The best period to see the wildflowers in bloom is from August through until October.
Beaches.
The warm Leeuwin Current from the north brings tropical sea life that swims with temperate species, creating a diverse diving environment offshore. Hard and soft corals, along with sponges, cover the numerous limestone reefs. Seagrass meadows and the absence of rivers flowing into the sea allows for very healthy conditions for marine life.
Dynamite Bay.
Dynamite Bay is an almost circular bay in Green Head that is sheltered from the strong winds off the coast by a low lying rocky cliff that circles the beach. Snorkelling, swimming and wind-surfing are popular activities in the area.
South Bay.
South Bay is a long white sand beach with clear turquoise water.
Point Louise.
Point Louise, Green Head's main surf break, is also a good location for snorkeling with clear water is very clear and there is more than enough reef to explore it all. Further north are numerous bays ideal for snorkelling, kayaking, swimming and picnic areas with picnic tables.
A well maintained gravel road accesses the bays, which were once dominated by squatters' shacks, built since the 1950s. Shack removal in the
Shire of Coorow in 1994 enabled development of the coastal drive and a series of recreational sites adjacent to Green Head.

</doc>
<doc id="31107115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31107115" title="Petra National Trust">
Petra National Trust

Petra National Trust (PNT) is a Jordanian non-governmental, not-for-profit organization dedicated to the preservation and protection of the World Heritage Site of Petra. Since its inception in 1989, PNT has worked to bring together people in Jordan and abroad who are committed to that same goal.
HRH Prince Ra'ad bin Zeid, as president of the Board of Trustees, oversees the Trust's activities and guides PNT in the implementation of its mission and the fulfilment of its vision.
PNT implements its mission through conducting preservation projects and by raising awareness and advocacy.

</doc>
<doc id="31107131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31107131" title="Ted Richards (American football)">
Ted Richards (American football)

Edward John "Ted" Richards (November 7, 1901 - December 1, 1978) was a player in the National Football League. He was a member of the Chicago Bears during the 1929 NFL season.

</doc>
<doc id="31107138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31107138" title="Billy Bounce">
Billy Bounce

Billy Bounce was a comic strip published erratically by noted illustrator W.W. Denslow (1901–1902; 1906) and later C.W. Kahles (1902–1905) between 1901 and 1906. The strip centers on the actions of the title character, a ball-shaped boy who is capable either of bouncing long distances or actual flight. It is noted as one of the earliest comic strips in which the protagonist has superpowers.
As was common in comic strips of the era, such as Little Nemo in Slumberland, which came shortly after 'Billy Bounce', the strip dealt with otherworldly situations and often had recurring characters, including the King of the Pollywogs, Fuzzy White and Prunes the Pieman. 
In September 1906, Denslow published a single novel based on Billy's adventures, titled simply 'Billy Bounce'. Denslow provided illustrations and the text was written by Dudley A. Bragdon. It was published by G.W. Dillingham Co. in New York.

</doc>
<doc id="31107179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31107179" title="Otamatea River (Hawke's Bay)">
Otamatea River (Hawke's Bay)

The Otamatea River is a river of the northwestern Hawke's Bay region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows generally north from its origins in the northern foothills of the Ahimanawa Range, reaching the Rangitaiki River 25 kilometres southwest of Taupo amid the Kaingaroa Forest.

</doc>
<doc id="31107181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31107181" title="Do You Hear…Christmas">
Do You Hear…Christmas

Do You Hear…Christmas is a Christmas album by Heather, Cookie and Raylene Rankin of Canadian folk music group The Rankin Family. It was released by EMI in November 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="31107217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31107217" title="Ponte Buriano">
Ponte Buriano

The Ponte Buriano is a stone seven-arch bridge in the Tuscany region of Italy. Built in 1277, it was used by Leonardo da Vinci in the lower-right quadrant of his painting "Mona Lisa".

</doc>
<doc id="31107259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31107259" title="Uprooted (The Rankin Family album)">
Uprooted (The Rankin Family album)

Uprooted is the fifth studio album by Canadian folk music group The Rankins. It was released by EMI on April 28, 1998. The album peaked at number 30 on the "RPM" Top Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31107260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31107260" title="The Organization Man">
The Organization Man

The Organization Man is a bestselling book by William H. Whyte, originally published by Simon & Schuster in 1956. It is considered one of the most influential books on management ever written.
Background and influence.
While employed by "Fortune Magazine", Whyte did extensive interviews with the CEOs of major American corporations such as General Electric and Ford. A central tenet of the book is that average Americans subscribed to a collectivist ethic rather than to the prevailing notion of rugged individualism. A key point made was that people became convinced that organizations and groups could make better decisions than individuals, and thus serving an organization became logically preferable to advancing one's individual creativity. The author felt this was counterfactual and listed a number of examples of how individual work and creativity can produce better outcomes than collectivist processes. He observed that this system led to risk-averse executives who faced no consequences and could expect jobs for life as long as they made no egregious missteps. 
Whyte's book led to deeper examinations of the concept of "commitment" and "loyalty" within corporations. Whyte's book matched the fictional best seller of the period, "The Man In The Gray Flannel Suit" by Sloan Wilson in inspiring criticism that those Americans inspired to win World War 2 returned to an empty suburban life, conformity, and the pursuit of the dollar. Marxist theorist Guy Debord discusses Whyte's observations about advanced capitalism in "The Society of the Spectacle".

</doc>
<doc id="31107261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31107261" title="Kirribilli Agreement of 1988">
Kirribilli Agreement of 1988

The Kirribilli Agreement of 1988 refers to a meeting of between then-Prime Minister Bob Hawke and his Deputy Prime Minister and Treasurer Paul Keating. The two men met at Kirribilli House, the Prime Minister’s official Sydney residence, to make an agreement as to when Hawke would hand over the leadership of the Australian Labor Party. 
Several years earlier, while Labor was in opposition, Hawke was seeking the leadership. Paul Keating was a primary figure of the New South Wales right faction, a key sector of the Labor Party. It is believed that Hawke told Keating that "two terms should do him". This resulted in Keating throwing his support behind Hawke, causing then-Leader Bill Hayden to resign and make way for Hawke to become Leader. In 1988, Hawke was enjoying high approval ratings, and leadership questions were not covered in the media often. Treasurer Keating wanted to make a formal agreement, with witnesses. Prime Minister Hawke invited ACTU Secretary Bill Kelty and Sir Peter Abeles to Kirrbilli House, so that proper arrangement could be made. The two men came two an agreement, that presuming Hawke won the 1990 Australian election (which he did), he would step down as Prime Minister and hand over power to Keating – sometime during that term. Hawke made clear that if any details of their deal were made public, the entire agreement would be terminated. As the years went on, the relationship between Keating and Hawke deteriorated. In 1990, Hawke won the federal election, with a very slim majority. During his final two years in office, Hawke's popularity collapsed. Unemployment from the global recession was continually rising, and the economy was being battered. In June 1991 Paul Keating decided to challenge for the leadership of the Labor party, which Hawke decided to contest. Keating's leadership bid failed and he moved to the backbench.
During the final months of the Hawke Government, the economy weakened, and the government's popularity was falling, which prompted many high profile Labor caucus members to throw their support behind Keating. Keating decided to challenge Hawke once more in the December 1991. Keating won the leadership against Hawke, with 57 votes to 51. Keating was sworn in as the 24th Prime Minister of Australia on 20 December 1991. Hawke delivered his farewell address at Parliament House a day earlier.
In recent times there has been continued tension between Hawke and Keating, which has been deliberately made public. Hawke's biography by his wife outlines a scathing attack on Keating, and many senior members of his government. While Keating wrote a letter outlining his disapproval of Hawke's perceptions of him, and leaked it "The Australian" newspaper.

</doc>
<doc id="31107270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31107270" title="Thomas Schneider (athlete)">
Thomas Schneider (athlete)

Thomas Schneider (born November 7, 1988 in Forst) is a German sprint athlete.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="31107309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31107309" title="Cost pool">
Cost pool

Cost pools is an accounting term that refers to groups of accounts serving to express the cost of goods and service allocatable within a business or manufacturing organization. The principle behind the pool is to correlate direct and indirect costs with a specified cost driver, so to find out the total sum of expenses related to the manufacture of a product.
While the exact construction cost pools differs, most companies choose to form numerical based sequences that can then be allocated to the desired project. More frequently, a single cost pool will have up to ten digits in the sequence, with certain groups of those digits used to relate back to the project. For example, the first three digits of the cost pool may categorize a particular department, and the next three assign the project itself. The remaining four digits assign a specific sub-group of expenses of the project, such as clerical costs.

</doc>
<doc id="31107316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31107316" title="Mortar carrier">
Mortar carrier

A mortar carrier, also known as a self-propelled mortar, is a self-propelled artillery vehicle carrying a mortar as its primary weapon. Mortar carriers cannot be fired while on the move and some must be dismounted to fire.
In U.S. Army doctrine, mortar carriers are to provide close and immediate indirect fire support for maneuver units while allowing for rapid displacement and quick reaction to the tactical situation. The ability to relocate not only allows fire support to be provided where it is needed faster but also allows these units to avoid counter-battery fire.
Mortar carriers have traditionally avoided direct contact with the enemy. Many units report never using secondary weapons in combat.
History.
Prior to the Iraq War, American 120mm mortar platoons reorganized from six M1064 mortar carriers and two M577 fire direction centers (FDC) to four M1064 and one FDC. The urban environment of Iraq made it difficult to utilize mortars. New technologies such as mortar ballistic computers and communication equipment and are being integrated. Modern era combat is becoming more reliant on direct fire support from mortar carrier machine guns.

</doc>
<doc id="31107317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31107317" title="Para volver a amar (telenovela)">
Para volver a amar (telenovela)

Para Volver a Amar ("literally 'To Love Again' but known in English speaking markets as 'Marriage Diaries')" is a Televisa telenovela that aired on the Canal de las Estrellas channel in Mexico from July 12, 2010 to January 30, 2011. It stars Rebecca Jones, Rene Strickler, Alejandro Camacho, Alejandra Barros, and Africa Zavala. The Mexican version however is taken from the original Colombian soap opera series "El Último Matrimonio Feliz". The story is about six women who befriend each other and help each other deal with the pains of life, particularly in regards to marriage and relationships. They'll realize that even amidst their problems, happiness is not impossible to attain.
"Para Volver a Amar" aired in the United States on Univision from March 8, 2011 to October 28, 2011 at 12am/11pm central. 
"The Best Telenovela of the Year" (Premios TVyNovelas 2011)
Argument.
The story revolves around the lives of 6 women who are facing the reality of their day to day life with their partners. The first woman is Antonia Palacios (Rebecca Jones), a successful and respected woman, who is married to Patricio González (René Strickler). The couple has a daughter, Paola (Thelma Madrigal). Antonia works for Braulio Longoria's (Alejandro Camacho) company, but decides to resign and start her own real estate company after realizing the kind of person he is.
The second woman is Rosaura Perez (Zaide Silvia Gutierrez), a mature woman who has been married for many years to Rolando Salgar (Jesus Ochoa), a womanizing taxi driver. Given the instability of her marriage and family, she starts working for Antonia's real estate company in the hope of succeeding without losing her husband.
Barbara Mantilla (Alejandra Barros) is the third woman who works for Antonia's real estate business. Behind the appearance of a happy woman, Barbara hides an intense frustration caused by Jaime Espinosa (Juan Carlos Barreto), a jealous and alcoholic husband who is physically abusive. Along with the couple lives his mother, Dona Conchita Cabrera (Magda Guzmán), a manipulative woman who tries to ruin the life of Barbara and supports everything that Jaime does. Antonia soon discovers these problems and tries to help Barbara.
Maite Duarte (Sophie Alexander)is a former client of Antonia who comes to work for Antonia's real estate company after she is let go from the company she worked before. Antonia realizes that Maite is an ambitious and neurotic woman who is determined to compete with her husband Jorge Casso(Mark Tacher) for money. Maite begins a legal fight with him to get a divorce. Despite this, Antonia doesn't deny the opportunity to work and tries to help her.
The fifth woman to join the company is Yorley Quiroga (Africa Zavala), who is weary of David Magaña (Flavio Medina), her slacker husband who, along with his friend Quentin (Eduardo Spain), are drinking and criticizing society. Yorley falls in love with Leonardo Torres (Agustín Arana), but unfortunately for her, her daughter and David disagree with the relationship and try to break it off using exaggerated quirks indirectly.
Yorley has the comfort and advice from Renato (Edgar Vivar), a stylist who, because of his homosexuality, feels rejected but never fails to offer his help to others. Renato is in love with Alcides (Alex Sirvent). Although there is an imbalance on their sexual preference, Renato feels slightly attracted by Charito (Marcia Coutiño). Charito is completely in love with Alcides and tries everything to conquer him. Despite the limited attraction of Alcides for her, Alcides decides to help Quintin to conquer her, but it shall come into despair after realizing that Charito loves Alcides.
Finally, the sixth story mentions Valeria Andrade (Nailea Norvind), a woman of good economic and respect. However, a victim of psychological abuse by her husband, who is Braulio Longoria. Valeria has always had the idea that she is just a rag doll that Braulio bought from her mother, a prostitute who believed that Braulio would give a better life to her daughter and help her out financially. Unfortunately for him, his son Sebastian Longoria (Alfonso Dosal) is rebellious and ignorant to the problems of his parents. Valeria soon joins the team of Antonia.
Antonia is proud of the assistance being given to the other women. All this changes when she develops breast cancer that begins to slowly break down her marriage when she tries to hide it. But despite all of this, Antonia is no longer the example to follow and changes the lives of all women who have come to her and gradually learns that there still is hope for love again.

</doc>
