<doc id="31113986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31113986" title="Jack Darcus">
Jack Darcus

Jack Winston Darcus (born February 22, 1941 in Vancouver, British Columbia) is a Canadian film director, screenwriter, and painter. Since graduating from the University of British Columbia with a Bachelor of Arts Degree in 1963, Jack Darcus has divided his artistic career between painting and filmmaking. In 1969, already an established painter, he directed his first feature film - a documentary entitled "Great Coups of History". Though consistently well received by critics, his films have never reached a large audience beyond film scholars and fanatics. In 1982 he wrote and directed "Deserters", his most acclaimed film which concerns two American Vietnam War deserters in Canada. The film earned Darcus three Genie Award nominations for his direction, screenplay and editing. Darcus had also directed for the CBC and "Atlantis Films of Toronto". Darcus has not directed a film since 1997 but still remains a devoted painter whose paintings have been exhibited nationally and internationally, and he has also written three novels.

</doc>
<doc id="31113988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31113988" title="Silver Blaze (1977 film)">
Silver Blaze (1977 film)

Silver Blaze (1977) is a British/Canadian television film directed by John Davies and starring Christopher Plummer and Thorley Walters. The movie is based on Arthur Conan Doyle's story of the same name.
Production.
In the late 1970s, Harlech Television and OECA co-produced a series of half-hour television films under the umbrella title of "Classics Dark and Dangerous". For the 1977 adaptation of Conan Doyle's "Silver Blaze", Canadian actor Christopher Plummer was chosen for the role of Sherlock Holmes and British actor Thorley Walters portrayed Dr. John H. Watson. This was Walters' fourth appearance in the role of Watson, having previously appeared in 1962's "Sherlock Holmes and the Deadly Necklace", 1969's "The Best House in London" and 1975's "The Adventure of Sherlock Holmes' Smarter Brother". Plummer would go on to portray Holmes once more in 1979's "Murder by Decree".
Plummer's interpretation of Holmes is notable for playing up Holmes' drug addiction. Plummer stated at the time:
The film was an ambitious production with locations including the recently reopened Severn Valley Railway (later to be used in the film adaptation of "The Seven-Per-Cent Solution"). Plummer hoped the film would be successful and spawn a series of Holmes adaptations, telling "Photoplay" magazine he hoped it would be "the first of a mini-series of six of the best stories which have not been done before". Unfortunately, by the time the film finally aired 18 months after production the idea of continuing the series had been shelved.

</doc>
<doc id="31113993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31113993" title="Nuestra Belleza Sinaloa 2010">
Nuestra Belleza Sinaloa 2010

Nuestra Belleza Sinaloa 2010, was held in Canal 3, Culiacán, Sinaloa on August 13, 2010. At the conclusion of the final night of competition, Tiaré Oliva of Topolobampo was crowned the winner. Oliva was crowned by outgoing Nuestra Belleza Sinaloa titleholder, Gabriela Quintero. Twelve contestants competed for the state title.

</doc>
<doc id="31114002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114002" title="Nicola Tanda">
Nicola Tanda

Nicola Tanda (born 1928, Sorso, Sardinia) is an Italian philologist and literary critic.
He studied under Ungaretti and Sapegno at Rome. He was
for over thirty years professor at the University of Sassari, first specialising in Italian literature,
and then later in Sardinian philology and Sardinian literature. 
He is a leading advocate for minority languages and their literary expression in the island of Sardinia
including the Sardinian language and Algherese Catalan.
As such he is an honorary member of ANPOSDI.
He originated the new "Philology of Italians" based on the European Charter for Regional or Minority Languages.
He is founder and President of the Sardinian
PEN Club. 
He is President of the jury of the "Premio Ozieri" literary
prize founded in 1956 to promote new works composed in Sardinian tongues.
He founded in 2003 the "Centre for Study of Sardinian Philology".
As an editor/director he has guided the publication of over 100 volumes written in Sardinian languages. 
He is an expert of the literary theory of 19th-century Italian authors as well as
an authoritative voice on many modern and contemporary Italian writers including
Pratolini, 
Montale, 
Gramsci, 
Dessì, 
Deledda, 
Pirandello,
Pandolfo Collenuccio,
Monti,
Sebastiano Satta, 
Salvatore Farina,
Antonino Mura Ena, and 
Salvatore Satta.
In 1965 he co-edited with Dessì "Narratori di Sardegna" the first compilation of Sardinian writers.
He is a member of the "International Association for the Study of Italian Language and Literature".
He is an external associate of the "International Centre For Multilingualism".

</doc>
<doc id="31114007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114007" title="MBA Admissions Consulting">
MBA Admissions Consulting

MBA Admissions Consulting is the counseling service offered to MBA applicants to improve their chances of getting admission to their desired Business Schools. These services range from evaluating a candidate's profile, suggesting the schools to which they can apply, writing and editing essay, to conducting mock interviews as preparation for MBA admission interviews.
These consulting services, which were previously viewed sceptically by business schools, are fast becoming an essential and integral part of the application process . This industry is now expanding by doing a forward and backward integration by providing GMAT preparation and post MBA career counseling.
As many as 50% of those applying to top MBA programs are paying up to $5,000—about $150 to $200+ an hour—for consulting services, according to estimates from consultants and some admissions officials. What were one-person shops less than a decade ago are now staffed with dozens of former admissions officers, MBAs from prestigious programs, and career mentors.
There are a number of smaller firms or sole proprietor shops that tend to have the most admissions consulting experience. While the larger firms tend to contract with consultants of all experience levels who are giving a percentage to the firm ownership, these smaller firms are essentially run by the owners.
Criticism.
Many companies boast insider information yet given the numerous types of focuses within an MBA program, specific school specialization relevant for the diversity of applicants makes this "insider" information extremely suspect.

</doc>
<doc id="31114020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114020" title="Packy Axton">
Packy Axton

Charles "Packy" Axton (17 February 1941 - January 1974) was an American rhythm and blues tenor saxophone player and bandleader, who was a member of The Mar-Keys and later The Packers.
He was born in Memphis, Tennessee, the son of Everett and Estelle Axton. Estelle Axton and her brother Jim Stewart were the founders of Stax Records. By 1959, Packy Axton had become a member of The Royal Spades, a group formed by Steve Cropper, Donald "Duck" Dunn, Charlie Freeman and Terry Johnson, which expanded to include a horn section comprising Axton, Don Nix and Wayne Jackson. In 1961, they renamed themselves The Mar-Keys, and had a major hit (# 3 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, # 2 on the R&B chart) with "Last Night". In fact, only Axton and Jackson from the band appeared on the record which was mostly performed by session musicians. After Cropper left the band in 1961, soon followed by Dunn, Axton became the effective leader of the Mar-Keys, and also worked as a session musician at Stax. He left in 1965 to live in Los Angeles, reportedly after a series of disagreements with Jim Stewart.
Later in 1965, the Stax Revue performed in Los Angeles, and radio disc jockey Magnificent Montague persuaded Axton to record there with Cropper, Booker T. Jones and Al Jackson, of Booker T. & the M.G.'s. They recorded an instrumental track together, "Hole In The Wall", which Montague then released as by The Packers; it reached # 43 on the pop chart and # 5 on the R&B chart. Axton then formed a pick-up group to promote the record, later returning to Memphis. There, he recorded several singles credited to The Pac-Keys, which mostly featured members of The Bar-Kays. After 1967, he ran the Satellite Record Shop in Memphis, occasionally performing with musicians such as Charlie Rich.
Axton died in January 1974 at the age of 32, according to one source due to cirrhosis of the liver, and according to another source of a heart attack.

</doc>
<doc id="31114033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114033" title="Mineiro (disambiguation)">
Mineiro (disambiguation)

Mineiro may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31114040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114040" title="John Blagrave (major)">
John Blagrave (major)

John Blagrave (1630 – March 1704) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1660 and 1685.
Blagrave was the son of Anthony Blagrave of Bulmershe Court at Earley in Berkshire and his wife Dorothy, daughter of Thomas Dolman of Shaw House in the same county. He was baptised in the parish church at Sonning on 12 August 1630. He was educated at St John's College, Oxford being awarded BA in 1651 and MA in 1653. He was a Fellow of St John's and was later at Middle Temple in 1655.
In 1660, Blagrave was returned unopposed as Member of Parliament for Reading in the Convention Parliament, but did not stand in 1661. He was re-elected MP for Reading in 1679 and sat until 1685. He was a major in the Royal Berkshire Militia and was arrested at the time of Monmouth's invasion in 1685.
Blagrave married Hester, daughter of William Gore, a merchant from Barrow Gurney in Somerset and Morden in Surrey. They had seven children, including Anthony Blagrave who was also MP for Reading.
Blagrave died at the age of 73 and was buried in the family vault in Sonning Church on 9 March 1704.

</doc>
<doc id="31114068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114068" title="Carleton Community High School">
Carleton Community High School

Carleton Community High School (CCHS) is a coeducational secondary school with academy status, based in Pontefract, West Yorkshire, England. 
Community.
The school has close links with the community it serves, frequently becoming involved in both local and national charity work. As a centre for learning, the facilities are open to adults through adult evening classes and their partner primary schools. CCHS have a highly regarded programme of performing arts and sports events.

</doc>
<doc id="31114082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114082" title="Thachiledathu Chundan">
Thachiledathu Chundan

Thachiledathu Chundan is a 1999 Malayalam action-drama film directed by Shajoon Karyal, produced by Thampi Kannanthanam, and starring Mammootty, Nandini, Thilakan, Nedumudi Venu, Captain Raju and Kaveri. The film was a superhit at the Kerala box office.
Plot.
The film is set in modern Kuttanad, Kerala, and revolves around the lives of a Vallamkali (boatrace) fanatic named Kochu Kunju and his family. Kochu Kunju is a member of the most prominent family in the locality, is the kind who cares for no one. He becomes a terror in the locality and his family is forced to send him away, so that they can live in peace. He comes back to the village when he hears of the destruction of the Vallam (snakeboat), once the pride of the village, and vows not only to take revenge on the culprits, but also to rebuild the snakeboat in time for the next boat race season. On behalf of his family, Kochu Kunju challenges their rival family that they will buy a new boat for the upcoming Vallamkali. However, certain problems follows and Kochu Kunju is forced to marry a wealthy girl and forget his childhood girlfriend. After buying the boat, Kochu Kunju had to face further problems; his boatmen were attacked and he himself had to lead the boat. However, the ultimate success is for Kochu Kunju.
Soundtrack.
Music: Raveendran; Lyrics: Bichu Thirumala

</doc>
<doc id="31114089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114089" title="Litsa Kouroupaki">
Litsa Kouroupaki

Litsa Kouroupaki (, born in 1964) is a Greek politician and member of the Hellenic Parliament for the Panhellenic Socialist Movement (PASOK).
Life.
Litsa Kouroupaki was born in Chania Prefecture, Crete, in 1964. She completed her high school studies in the Greek high school of Nürnberg in Germany, and studied at the School of Dentistry of the National and Kapodistrian University of Athens, graduating in 1988.
Litsa Kouroupaki was a member of PASP, the youth wing of PASOK during her studies and became a member of PASOK itself since 1982. Within PASOK, she has been active in the health, volunteerism, immigration policy and human rights sections for the Athens party organization, and is a member of the Secretariat of the party section for the Greek diaspora.
Litsa Kouroupaki is married and she has two sons, Fotis and Konstantinos. She speaks German, English, Spanish and Russian.

</doc>
<doc id="31114094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114094" title="SK Aritma Prague">
SK Aritma Prague

SK Aritma Prague is a Czech football club located in Prague-Vokovice. It currently plays in the Czech Fourth Division.

</doc>
<doc id="31114102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114102" title="Milena Apostolaki">
Milena Apostolaki

Milena Apostolaki (, born 21 February 1965) is a Greek politician of the Panhellenic Socialist Movement (PASOK).
Life.
Apostolaki was born in 1965 in Athens, Greece. She finished her high school studies in the Arsakeion of Psychiko, and graduated from the Law School of the National and Kapodistrian University of Athens.
In 1989 she joined the Law Department of Olympic Airlines, and in 1992 she joined a law office in Washington DC dealing with Aviation Law and International contracts. From 1993 until 1995 she was a member of the Law Office of Prime Minister Andreas Papandreou. From 1995 until 2000 she was a special advisor to the ministries of Justice, Culture and Development.
Apostolaki was elected for the first time as a Member of the Hellenic Parliament for the Athens B constituency with the Panhellenic Socialist Movement at the general elections of 9 April 2000, and has been re-elected in the 7 March 2004, 16 September 2007 and 4 October 2009 elections. Apostolaki has been member of the Standing Committee of Educational Issues of the Parliament, of the Special Standing Committee of Research and Technology and of the Committee for the Revision of the Constitution. 
In 13 April 2000 she was appointed as a Deputy Minister of Development in charge of Commerce and Consumer Protection. In October 2001, she was elected as a member of the PASOK Executive Bureau. From 16 March 2005 to December 2006 she was elected as a member of the PASOK Political Council, with responsibility for Education and Culture from June 2006.
She married businessman Polichronis Sygelidis and they had a son. They divorced in 2004, however a court settlement has not been reached. Mr Sygelidis initiated criminal procedures against his wife on the grounds of violating the terms of access to their child. On the back of this the Greek Vouli (parliament) refused to lift the parliamentary immunity enjoyed by Apostolakis. But the case went to the European Court of Human Rights which found in favour of Mr Sygelidis and found against the Hellenic Republic; it fined Greece € 19,000 in favour of Sygelidis.
Apostolaki is fluent in English and French.

</doc>
<doc id="31114108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114108" title="Stopover Tokyo">
Stopover Tokyo

Stopover Tokyo is a 1957 American espionage drama directed by Richard L. Breen and starring Robert Wagner, Joan Collins, Edmond O'Brien and Ken Scott. Filmed in Japan in CinemaScope, the film is set in Tokyo and follows a US counterintelligence agent foiling a communist assassination plot.
The film is based very loosely on final Mr. Moto novel by John P. Marquand's called, "Right You Are, Mr. Moto". The biggest change is that Mr. Moto is entirely cut from the film.
Plot.
US Intelligence Agent Mark Fannon (Robert Wagner) is sent to Tokyo on a routine courier mission but soon uncovers communist George Underwood’s (Edmond O'Brien) plot to assassinate the American High Commissioner (Larry Keating).
Whilst there he meets Welsh receptionist (Joan Collins) who fellow agent Tony Barrett (Ken Scott) has the hots for. Though this causes initial animosity between the two they manage to race against the clock to foil the assassination.
Filming.
Cinematographer Charles G. Clarke made expansive use of location shooting in Kyoto, a sacred Shinto city which was only lightly bombed in World War II and taken off the nuclear bombing target list (from its original top listing) due to the efforts of Henry Stimson who argued for the preservation of its cultural assets. <Cary, Otis>

</doc>
<doc id="31114127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114127" title="Aparecida (disambiguation)">
Aparecida (disambiguation)

Aparecida may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31114139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114139" title="2011 U.S. Open (golf)">
2011 U.S. Open (golf)

The 2011 United States Open Championship was the 111th U.S. Open, played June 16–19 at Congressional Country Club in Bethesda, Maryland, a suburb northwest of Washington, D.C. Rory McIlroy of Northern Ireland won his first major title, eight strokes ahead of Jason Day. He set 11 U.S. Open records on the weekend, including the lowest total 72-hole score (268) and the lowest total under par (−16). McIlroy and Robert Garrigus became the fifth and sixth golfers in U.S. Open history to score under par in all four rounds.
Venue.
The 2011 U.S. Open was the third at Congressional Country Club. In 1997, Ernie Els of South Africa won his second U.S. Open at four under par, one stroke clear of Colin Montgomerie. The first U.S. Open at Congressional was in 1964; Ken Venturi defeated Tommy Jacobs by four shots in extreme heat & humidity. The 1964 Open was the last scheduled for three days, with 36 holes on Saturday. The course also hosted the PGA Championship in 1976.
Course layout.
Blue Course 
Field.
About half the field each year consists of players who are fully exempt from qualifying for the U.S. Open. The players who qualified for the 2011 U.S. Open are listed below. Each player is classified according to the first category in which he qualified, but other categories are shown in parentheses.
Two tweaks were made to the qualification categories for 2011. The number of players automatically exempted from the previous U.S. Open was reduced from the top 15 scorers plus ties to the top 10 plus ties. A new category was added, exempting the top 50 players on the Official World Golf Ranking list as of June 13, the last ranking issued before play starts (this is in addition to the top 50 on the same list as of May 22). 2011 will be the final year that the money lists on the various tours will be used for exemption categories, as well as the multiple PGA Tour winner category (categories 9 and 11 to 16). In the future, the top 60 players in the Official World Golf Ranking, as of both three weeks prior to the tournament and immediately before play starts, will receive invitations.
1. Last 10 U.S. Open Champions
Ángel Cabrera (3), Michael Campbell, Jim Furyk (9,10,17,18), Lucas Glover, Retief Goosen (9,10,17,18), Graeme McDowell (8,11,17,18), Geoff Ogilvy (9,10,16,17,18)
2. Top two finishers in the 2010 U.S. Amateur
David Chung (a), Peter Uihlein (a)
3. Last five Masters Champions
Trevor Immelman, Zach Johnson (9,10,17,18), Phil Mickelson (8,9,10,12,17,18), Charl Schwartzel (11,14,17,18)
4. Last five British Open Champions
Stewart Cink, Pádraig Harrington (5,17), Louis Oosthuizen (11,17,18)
5. Last five PGA Champions
Martin Kaymer (8,11,14,17,18), Y. E. Yang (17,18)
6. Last three Players Champions
K. J. Choi (10,12,17,18), Henrik Stenson
7. The U.S. Senior Open Champion
8. Top 10 finishers and ties in the 2010 U.S. Open
Alex Čejka, Ernie Els (9,10,11,17,18), Grégory Havret, Dustin Johnson (9,10,17,18), Matt Kuchar (9,10,17,18), Davis Love III, Brandt Snedeker (17,18)
9. Top 30 leaders on the 2010 PGA Tour official money list
Robert Allenby (10,17,18), Paul Casey (10,11,17,18), Ben Crane (10,17,18), Jason Day (10,17,18), Luke Donald (10,11,12,14,17,18), Rickie Fowler (17,18), Bill Haas (17,18), Charley Hoffman (10), Anthony Kim, Hunter Mahan (10,17,18), Rory McIlroy (11,17,18), Jeff Overton (10), Ryan Palmer (10), Justin Rose (10,17,18), Adam Scott (10,17,18), Heath Slocum, Steve Stricker (10,13,17,18), Bo Van Pelt (10,17,18), Camilo Villegas (10), Nick Watney (10,12,17,18), Bubba Watson (10,12,13,17,18)
10. All players qualifying for the 2010 edition of The Tour Championship
Martin Laird (12,17,18), Ryan Moore (17,18), Kevin Na, Kevin Streelman
11. Top 15 on the 2010 European Tour Race to Dubai
Miguel Ángel Jiménez (17,18), Robert Karlsson (17,18), Francesco Molinari (17,18), Edoardo Molinari (17,18), Ian Poulter (17,18), Álvaro Quirós (14,17,18), Lee Westwood (17,18)
12. Top 10 on the 2011 PGA Tour official money list through May 22, 2010 (the Crowne Plaza Invitational at Colonial)
Aaron Baddeley (18), Rory Sabbatini (17,18), David Toms (17,18), Mark Wilson (13)
13. Winners of multiple PGA Tour events between the end of the 2010 U.S. Open and the start of the 2011 U.S. Open
Jonathan Byrd (17,18)
14. Top 5 from the 2011 European Tour Race to Dubai through May 22, 2011 (the Volvo World Match Play Championship and Madeira Islands Open)
15. Top 2 on the 2010 Japan Golf Tour official money list, provided they are within the top 75 point leaders of the Official World Golf Ranking at the end of 2010
Hiroyuki Fujita, Kim Kyung-tae (17,18)
16. Top 2 on the 2010 PGA Tour of Australasia official money list, provided they are within the top 75 point leaders of the Official World Golf Ranking at the end of 2010
17. Top 50 on the Official World Golf Ranking list as of May 22, 2011
Peter Hanson (18), Ryo Ishikawa, Matteo Manassero (18)
18. Top 50 on the Official World Golf Ranking list as of June 13, 2011
Gary Woodland
19. Special exemptions selected by the USGA
Sectional qualifiers
Alternates
"Note: Alternates were drawn from the sectional qualifiers."
Round summaries.
First round.
"Thursday, June 16, 2011"
Overnight rain softened the fairways and greens and allowed for lower-than-average scoring for the first round of a U.S. Open. The man to take greatest advantage was Rory McIlroy, keeping up his good recent form in majors: he led after the first round of the 2010 Open Championship and after all of the first three rounds of the 2011 Masters Tournament, as well as finishing T-3rd in the 2010 PGA Championship. He carded a bogey-free 65 to sit at six-under-par, three ahead of two major winners: Y. E. Yang, the 2009 PGA champion, and Charl Schwartzel, who had beat McIlroy at the 2011 Masters and so was looking for his second straight major. The large group on two-under-par included a resurgent Sergio García, reigning Open champion Louis Oosthuizen, and several unexpected names, including journeymen Scott Hend and Alexandre Rocha. 22-year-old New Yorker Chris DeForest, playing in his first professional tournament, looked set to join them until double-bogeying his final hole for a 71. Defending champion Graeme McDowell was well-placed after an opening 70; he was alongside Robert Rock, who had only arrived on-site at 3am that morning after visa problems. However, the marquee group of Luke Donald, Lee Westwood and Martin Kaymer, numbers one, two and three in the world, all struggled, carding 74, 75 and 74 respectively. The leading amateurs were Peter Uihlein and Brad Benjamin, who were both at one-over-par.
Second round.
"Friday, June 17, 2011"
Rory McIlroy was the headline story once again on Friday, as he continued his good form, breaking several U.S. Open scoring records in the process. Out early in the morning session, he added an eagle two on the 8th hole to a succession of pars and birdies, and a two-putt birdie at the 16th took him to 12-under-par. This tied the record score under par for any player, at any point of the tournament in the history of the U.S. Open; Gil Morgan and Tiger Woods had previously achieved the feat, but having played only 34 holes at the time, McIlroy was the quickest to reach it. One hole later, another birdie made the Northern Irishman the first player in U.S. Open history to reach 13-under-par. An immediate double-bogey at the 18th – McIlroy's first dropped shots of the tournament – took him back to 11-under, and a second round of 66, but the record-breaking continued: his eventual six-shot lead was the joint largest after 36 holes in major championship history. McIlroy also set the record for fewest holes to reach 10-under-par, 26 holes, (13 fewer than the prior record) and lowest 36-hole total in U.S. Open history.
The man McIlroy led was South Korea's Y. E. Yang, who added a 69 to his opening 68 to sit on his own at five-under-par; he himself was three clear of the chasing pack. Sergio García's solid form continued, and he was in the group at two-under-par, as was the consistent Matt Kuchar after a 68. Further down the field, Germany's Marcel Siem tied for the low round of the day, matching McIlroy's 66 to surge up the field after a disappointing opening 79. Amateur Patrick Cantlay also hit a hot streak, shooting a back nine of 30 to complete a round of 67 and move to even par, tying for low amateur with Russell Henley. The premier group of Luke Donald, Lee Westwood and Martin Kaymer enjoyed a slightly better day, as all three battled hard to stay inside the cutline, with Westwood leading the three at one-over-par. Like all the afternoon starters, they were disrupted by a 42-minute delay in play as a thunderstorm passed over Congressional Country Club; this meant seven groups would need to return on Saturday morning to complete their rounds. After completion of the second round on Saturday morning, the cut fell at four-over-par, with 72 players getting through to the final two rounds.
Third round.
"Saturday, June 18, 2011"
Conditions continued to allow good scoring on Saturday, with several players taking advantage. Rory McIlroy was in no mood to relinquish his lead, however. A steady front nine saw him make his way back to 13-under-par, after Friday's closing double-bogey, when he birdied the par-five 9th. Once again 13 proved to be McIlroy's unlucky number as he bogeyed the 10th hole, but he swiftly regained his composure to become the first man ever to reach 14-under-par at a U.S. Open, before parring his way home. Alongside him, former PGA champion Y. E. Yang scrambled well through a difficult front nine, and picked up two shots on his inward nine for a good 70, putting him in the final pairing once again on Sunday. Below him, Saturday began to live up to its "moving day" title. Jason Day, runner-up at the 2011 Masters Tournament, and world number two Lee Westwood surged through the field with best-of-the-day 65s to move into a tie for third and the penultimate pairing for Sunday; Westwood's third round playing partner Fredrik Jacobson fared only one shot worse with a 66. This matched the low score amongst the early starters, made by major debutant Webb Simpson, whose 66 took him from the cutline to one-under-par, and the top 15.
Final round.
"Sunday, June 19, 2011"
Rory McIlroy began the final day eight shots clear of Y. E. Yang. McIlroy initially birdied the first hole and also went on to birdie the fourth. He narrowly missed the water hazard by a foot on the sixth hole, but still managed to make a par. At this point, Yang was two-under-par for the day but not challenging McIlroy. At the par-3 10th, Yang played first and hit his tee shot to four feet; McIlroy followed with an approach which caught the top of the slope behind the flag, and trickled down past Yang's ball to finish just inches away from the cup. This birdie moved McIlroy to a record-breaking 17-under-par for the tournament. A bogey on the 12th knocked him down to 16-under. On the par-5 16th, he got to 17-under again with a birdie but lost a shot with a bogey on the 17th green, his only three-putt of the tournament, finishing on 16-under. Two bogeys on the back nine saw Yang fall back into a tie for third place, with young Australian Jason Day moving into second place on his own; it was his second consecutive runner-up finish in the majors, in only his fourth major start; but he was a distant eight strokes behind McIlroy.
Rory McIlroy and Robert Garrigus accomplished the rare feat of shooting all four rounds of golf under par in a U.S. Open. This had occurred only four times previously in the history of the event. Yang would have joined this group were it not for a bogey on the 72nd hole. McIlroy also had the additional distinction of setting the U.S. Open 72-hole low marks for total shots and shots under par, at 268 and −16, respectively. McIlroy also became only the third golfer ever to shoot all four rounds under 70 at a U.S. Open, after Lee Trevino in 1968 and Lee Janzen in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="31114140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114140" title="Musée Crozatier">
Musée Crozatier

The Musée Crozatier is a museum in Le Puy-en-Velay in the French Auvergne. Inaugurated in 1868, its collection comprises art and archaeological artifacts from Velay and the Haute-Loire region.

</doc>
<doc id="31114142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114142" title="Selphyl">
Selphyl

The "platelet-rich fibrin matrix" (PRFM) method, marketed in the United States as Selphyl and also known as the vampire filler or vampire facelift, is a process in cosmetic surgery. It is a way of extracting platelets from the patient's own blood and using them as a dermal filler – that is, as a substance injected under the skin of the face to fill out wrinkles so as to provide a more youthful appearance.
Selphyl is used in outpatient procedures that, , costs about $900 to $1,500 in the U.S. and takes less than half an hour. Blood is drawn from the patient's arm and spun in a centrifuge to separate out the platelets, which are then injected back under the patient's facial skin. It can also be combined with other fillers such as Juvéderm, and a procedure using this combination has been trademarked as "vampire facelift"."
Selphyl is available on the U.S. market since 2009. It was developed and is marketed by the Aesthetic Factors corporation. The platelet extraction centrifuge used by Selphyl was cleared by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 2002 as part of a blood collection system, "Fibrinet", for use by orthopedic doctors to speed tissue repair. platelets extracted in this centrifuge have not been cleared or approved by the FDA for facial rejuvenation. Nonetheless, Selphyl has been described as a "FDA approved dermal filler" in YouTube videos and trade publications.
The efficacy of Selphyl is contested. , according to a "New York Times" report, it is attested by several plastic surgeons who use it but remains unproven by research. Phil Haeck, the president of the American Society of Plastic Surgeons, dismissed the procedure as "creepy", "a gimmick" and as "antiquated as bloodletting". In contrast, a February 2011 study
by Anthony P. Sclafani, a paid consultant for the manufacturer of Selphyl, concluded that "PRFM treatment is a well-tolerated, excellent choice for use in the face".

</doc>
<doc id="31114147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114147" title="All Saints Church, Conington">
All Saints Church, Conington

All Saints Church, Conington, is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Conington in the Huntingdonshire district of Cambridgeshire, England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building, and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands to the east of the village, between the A1 road and the East Coast Main Line.
History.
A church was mentioned in the Domesday Survey. It was rebuilt in about 1500. The embattled parapets were restored in 1638 by Sir Thomas Cotton. In 1841 the church was restored and the pews were replaced. A new east window was added in 1852. The tower was strengthened in 1862, and further repairs were undertaken between 1897 and 1899.
Architecture.
Exterior.
All Saints is constructed in limestone rubble and fieldstone, with limestone dressings. Its plan consists of a four-bay nave with a clerestory, north and south aisles with chapels at their east ends, a chancel, north and south porches, and a west tower. At the east end of the south aisle is a chapel. The tower is in four stages on a plinth decorated with quatrefoil ornament. At the corners are half-octagonal turrets rising to crocketted pinnacles. The parapet is battlemented with a quatrefoil frieze and gargoyles at the centre of each side. In the bottom stage is a west arched doorway, above which is five-light window. The bell openings in the top stage have four lights. The clerestory has three three-light windows and one five-light window on each side. Along the side of the south aisle are three four-light windows. The south chapel has a four-light south window, and a five-light east window. Between the aisle and the chapel is a rood turret with a polygonal roof and a foliated finial. The south porch is shallow and gabled with a tiled roof. The chancel has three-light windows in the north and south walls and a restored east window.
Interior.
Inside the church are four-bay arcades, the westernmost bays being wider than the others. In the south wall of the chancel is a three-seat sedilia and a piscina. The limestone octagonal font dates from the 15th century, and stands on a 19th-century base. In the church are monuments to the Cotton and Heathcote families. Most of the furnishings date from 1841. The organ was built by Miller and Son of Cambridge. There is a ring of six bells, all cast by Thomas Mears II of the Whitechapel Bell Foundry, five of them in 1827, and the sixth in 1834.

</doc>
<doc id="31114162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114162" title="Turhan Selçuk">
Turhan Selçuk

Turhan Selçuk (1922 – March 11, 2010) was a Turkish cartoonist.
Biography.
Born in Muğla, Milas Selçuk was a prolific cartoonist. He is considered to be one of the few cartoonists in Turkey, who paved the way for the current Turkish cartoon scene. 
Selçuk was the founder of the Turkish Cartoonists Association together with Semih Balcıoğlu and Ferit Öngören. İlhan Selçuk was his brother. He died in Istanbul.

</doc>
<doc id="31114164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114164" title="Mallette">
Mallette

Mallette is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31114175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114175" title="Vampire facelift">
Vampire facelift

Vampire Facelift is a name for a non-surgical cosmetic procedure involving the reinjection of a gel-like substance—platelet rich fibrin matrix (PRFM)—derived from a patient’s own blood back into multiple areas of the skin of their face in an effort to treat wrinkles and “rejuvenate” the face.
Platelet-rich plasma (PRP) is blood plasma that has been enriched with platelets. When activated, either by thrombin or calcium chloride, PRP takes on the form of a viscous gel (PRFM) containing high levels of several platelet-derived growth factors (cytokines) that may then be injected into the face in much the same manner as other dermal fillers such as Juvederm and Restylane.
Although any of the many available commercial and non-commercial methods for isolating PRP could theoretically be used to obtain the PRP necessary to perform a Vampire Facelift, most media reports about the procedure to date have described using the Regen Lab system to generate the platelet rich plasma utilized.
As of April 2011, there are no scientific publications that describe the Vampire Facelift procedure or examine its efficacy. There are, however, three publications that report that PRP may be useful as a facial filler. 

</doc>
<doc id="31114187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114187" title="Raj Narain Kapoor">
Raj Narain Kapoor

Professor R.N. Kapoor was born in 1931 at Allahabad, India. He graduated with Honors in Mechanical Engineering. Throughout his professional career he did exemplary works in the field of technical education, appropriate technologies, integrated rural development, women empowerment and gerontology in India. Currently he has been involved in promoting Holistic health treatment therapies in United States of America.
Contributions to the field of education.
He was instrumental in developing the Civil engineering School in Allahabad U.P. from hutments in 1955 to an internationally acclaimed Institute of Engineering and Rural Technology, Allahabad (IERT) and also established the Girl’s Polytechnic and Ishwar Saran Degree College at Allahabad. He was the first non IAS Director of Technical Education U.P. appointed in 1974 and developed several polytechnics and colleges in U.P. and also promoted technological institutes in Iraq as well. He initiated the community development movement through technical institutions in 1975 and spread it over different parts of India and got it adopted by the Govt of India as the Community Polytechnic movement and also established a centre in Flensburg Germany. In 1976 he founded the Allahabad Rural Development Society as well as Allahabad Gram Swaraj Samiti (Society for Rural Self Governance) in tribal belt. After taking voluntary retirement from IERT, he still continues to be associated with rural societies founded by him.
He co-authored the first book on Critical Path Method and PERT with Dr Merle D Schmidt Professor Emeritus Industrial Engineering, University of Dayton in 1966-67 published in India. In 1968 he was invited by the National Science Foundation and U S International Development Agency to visit and lecture in 22 universities all across USA. He pioneered several activities in renewable sources of energy like solar, windmills, bio- gas plants and helped establish their research centers in Allahabad.
Mr. Kapoor has also been a member of Himachal Pradesh Planning Commission and has served on the Board of Governors of IIT Kanpur, TTI Bhopal and several other Technical colleges/Universities and State Councils of Science and Technology of different states in India.He was the founder Chairman of All India Board of Vocational Education (MHRD )
Deen Dayal Research Institute
In 1986 he got associated with Maharishi Mahesh Yogi and worked as the honorary Trustee of Maharishi International Foundation. Subsequently he got closely associated with Padma Vibhushan Nanaji Deshmukh, great social activist, and stayed with him for 8 yrs and also worked as Secretary General and later on as Vice Chairman of Deen Dayal Research Institute. Due to his continued passion for Rural Development, he shifted to Chitrakoot in 1989, where he developed Mahatma Gandhi Rural University as its founder Vice-chancellor, on 600 acres of land and established 80 departments within a record time of three years. In Chitrakoot, he also founded the branch of Deen Dayal Research Institute and its watershed development projects.He developed Krishi Vigyan Kendras in three districts of UP for Agriculture Research and Development. In 1996 . He established the Central Chinmaya Vanprasth Sansthan at Allahabad of which he was the founder Director General and now it’s Patron. He had been instrumental in establishing several Centers of Development of Rural Technologies in India.
Social work.
He pioneered several activities in renewable sources of energy like solar, windmills, bio- gas plants and their research centers were also established by him in Allahabad. He established 80 departments including an Engineering College and Post Graduate Faculty and hospital of Ayurveda in Chitrakoot. In 2008 he started the Indian Society of U3A (Universities of Third Age) in India and organized its first ever World U3A conference in India at Chitrakoot in February 2010 in which more than 22 countries and 1000 delegates effectively participated. He is currently involved in Holistic Health Care Development Projects in USA.

</doc>
<doc id="31114218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114218" title="Medal of Freedom">
Medal of Freedom

The Medal of Freedom was a decoration established by President Harry S. Truman to honor civilians whose actions aided in the war efforts of the United States and its allies. It was intended to be awarded by the Secretary of State, the Secretary of War, or the Secretary of the Navy, but it is known that Presidents Dwight D. Eisenhower and John F. Kennedy also authorized awards.
Description.
The medal is a bronze disc whose obverse features the profile bust facing left of an individual wearing a cap resembling an American Bald Eagle ornamented by stars, with the word "FREEDOM" in capital letters in an arc at the bottom of the disc. The reverse features the Liberty Bell surrounded by the words "UNITED STATES OF AMERICA" in capital letters. The medal is suspended on a red ribbon with four thin white stripes. The original establishing the medal specified "No more than one Medal of Freedom shall be awarded to any one person, but for a subsequent act or service justifying such an award a suitable device may be awarded to be worn with the medal" and bronze, silver, and gold palm devices were produced and awarded, but there is no evidence of U.S. citizens having received these palm devices, whereas non-U.S. citizens did receive quite a number of them, and these devices have been interpreted as signifying degrees of the award.

</doc>
<doc id="31114228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114228" title="Puafua">
Puafua

Puafua was an Eclectic Minneapolis, Minnesota based progressive rock Jam Band in the late 1990s and early 2000s. Members included Dylan Nau (guitar), Jake Pool (bass), Steve Olmstead (keyboard), Casey Kashiemer (drums), Eric Bequeaith (trumpet), Aaron Stoehr (trombone), Jeff Siegfried (saxophone), and Scott Holzinger (hand drums). Though short-lived, Puafua's output, scope of songwriting, and live performance feats were unparalleled in the Twin Cities; the mammoth eight-piece group often breaking into spontaneously composed, complete songs as if at will. Puafua was a West Bank staple in Minneapolis, holding a regular slot at the Red Sea Bar and The Cabooze in addition to frequenting the 400 Bar and The 5 Corners Saloon. The Turf Club, The Fine Line, The 7th Street Entry, O'Gara's, The Uptown Bar and Grill, and First Avenue's Main Stage were also frequent stops for the band in addition to clubs in greater Minnesota and Wisconsin towns such as Duluth, Rochester, St. Cloud, Superior, North Branch, Monticello, Rockford, and Eau Claire. Puafua also frequented the band rosters at Harvest Fest in Harmony Park, Farmapalooza in Black Bear, WI, and Cedarfest in Minneapolis.
Influences.
Though a complete list would not be possible, influences mentioned most often by Puafua band members included: Pink Floyd, Phish, The Beatles, The Beach Boys, The Doors, Steely Dan, Bob Dylan, Paul Simon, Jim Henson, Elvis Presley, James Brown, Bob Marley, Frank Zappa, Willie Dixon, Charles Mingus, Wallace Hartley and the Titanics, February, and Gene Adams.
Inception.
Puafua began in the early 1990s with two rival bands from bordering towns west of Minneapolis: Rockford and Buffalo. Casey Kashiemer and Eric Bequeath were part of the Rockford Metal band Adopt. Dylan Nau and Jake Pool were part of their own Buffalo metal band, Ritalin (a.k.a. Bone Orchard), which had Pink Floyd undertones: a foreshadowing of the writing to come in Puafua by way of Dylan Nau.
Nau, Puafua's first principal songwriter, grew up a friend of the Zimmerman family (Bob Dylan's family), and spent his formative years making use of Dylan's Minnesota recording studio with the Zimmermans, developing his unique guitar and vocal style during that time.
By his graduating summer, 1993, Nau's band would join forces with Rockford rivals in a battle of the bands show. Their meeting would create a musical respect among the four core Puafua players (Dylan, Casey, Eric, and Jake) three years before they would form a band together.
Later that summer, Nau would coincidentally meet his soon-to-be college buddy and Puafua's second principal songwriter, Jeff Siegfried, while Siegfried played his saxophone on the street in Downtown Minneapolis. Though the two only spoke briefly, they would soon find themselves together in the classroom at Augsburg College, as well as in their own hybrid Jazz-Fusion band, Ear Train, through the mid-90s. Additionally, the two would be instrumental in co-founding "Augsburg Basement Recordings", the campus' yearly showcase of student musician/songwriters.
Siegfried, from Minneapolis-based Alternative band The Uh, melded his lyrics well with Nau's writing style, the two inking several minor college hits during their time at Augsburg. Siegfried is the cousin of No Wave pioneer James Chance (a.k.a. James Siegfried), and, like Chance, would wield both saxophone and keyboards on stage.
Augsburg buddy, Steve Olmstead, and Kashiemer's friend, Aaron Stoehr, would round out the band roster as it grew from a four-piece to a seven-piece from 1996 to 1998. By 2000 the group would have gained and lost multi-instrumentalist Scott Holzinger (who eventually found a home with Minneapolis Jam band Wookiefoot), as well as gaining a sound man in Eric Shosted and two fill-in players in Peter Miller and James Pope.
Accomplishments.
In its infancy, Puafua's first honor was being asked to open for Minneapolis band February's final show on the Main Stage at First Avenue. Additionally, Puafua held a frequent place of honor in Vox Medusa's Ricochet Kitchen line-up, a performance-based art coalition which was perfect for a group that, itself, dabbled in performance art. For example, it was not uncommon to see Puafua featuring spectacles such as aliens playing Theremins or the entire band sporting Puafua basketball uniforms and shooting hoops during a performance. In 1998, "The Pursuit of Catness", Puafua's first full-length album recorded at Sin Toast Studios and Oar Fin Records, enjoyed airplay on local college radio stations, particularly KVSC in St. Cloud, as well as local community stations KFAI and the Homegrown Show with Mei Young on KQRS. Additionally, before the advent of Napster, the album's joke recording "I'm in Jail" made a run to number three on one of the world's first peer-to-peer music sharing websites, MP3.com. In 1999, "Sweet Treats" and "Baker's Choice" were released in limited quantity, together 140 minutes of live recording showcasing to a larger audience the band's collective spur of the moment songwriting ability that often went a step beyond simple jamming to completely improvised songs with melody, lyrics, and harmonized horn and backing vocal parts. Puafua also introduced West Coast Jam Band Wookiefoot to its Minneapolis audience at the 7th Street Entry in 1999. In 2000 Puafua teamed up with the Minnesota branch of the organization NORML, participating in concerts, events, and as a featured band on the Free Weed compilation CD. In August, 2001, Puafua was enlisted to headline for "Hemp Car Appreciation Night" which featured a stop by "A Mercedes-Benz diesel converted to run on hemp oil," en route to "Establisha world distance record for a hemp powered vehicle, and [proving the point that automobiles need not depend entirely on fossil fuels." Despite the band's modest accolades in the Twin Cities and beyond, the guys never turned down the chance to play a house, back yard, garage, train, or barn party, sometimes playing for up to five hours without a break for an appreciative crowd of friends, old and new.
Multifaceted.
As an additional feature, Puafua managed to delight audiences by stopping during a set to switch its instrumental line-up. The group could transform into one or two completely different bands, sometimes even opening for itself incognito with the utilization of each member’s multi-instrumental capabilities. Almost every member could literally change places with two other members, and the group altogether could add most any conceivable texture to its complex sound scape. Almost every band member could also jump to a lead or back-up vocal in any given song: a band with seven possible lead singers and the other six behind him capable of multi-harmony background parts. To exemplify the band’s transformational abilities, listed below are the instruments each member utilized on stage and in studio during his time in Puafua. (And don’t discount bass player Jake Pool: he has been said to have been the stabilizing force holding the entire circus together.)
2001.
2001 marked the release of "Boosh", an album whose completion would come during an increasingly troubled time for the band, several members developing separate projects and collective live appearances becoming fewer and farther between. Even so, the 1000 units purchased by the group to promote the album sold out in less than two weeks. The band, however, failed to promote the CD any further and it had been largely lost to the public until its internet re-release in 2010. The dawning of 2002 marked the end of Puafua's live performances and recordings, the band giving up a marquee slot at the famed Cabooze bar, a slot formerly held by The Big Wu for whom Puafua was an opening act in its early days. A standing room only crowd at the Uptown Bar and Grill witnesses the extremely under-publicized farewell show on December 1, 2001. Wrote sound man Eric Shosted after the event: "I have to admit the last refrain of the last performance of Home Cookin' almost brought tears to my eyes, and seeing you guys still play with a real sense of enjoyment even after some of the shittiest gigs in recent memory made me real proud to think of you as compadres. I look forward to seeing what other projects lay ahead of each one of you as your roads diverge." In 2002, Puafua was nominated by the Minnesota Music Academy for Eclectic Band of the Year nine months after its farewell show. Small collections of band members resurfaced in the Minneapolis-based groups Spry and Gold Standard through 2009. In 2010 members of Puafua reunited in performance to celebrate the life of deceased friend Ed Tyler (clip). In 2011, digital audio tapes of shows at the Red Sea Bar featuring 20+ minute multi-song jams were found and released to the public as a two disc set.
Albums.
In addition to studio and live recordings produced by Puafua, Eric Shosted and Rob Curtis, extensive live bootleg recordings were compiled and made available by Roger Learned, some of which appear in official albums. The official Puafua albums are: 
Stream and/or download zip file with all 84 sound files at http://www.archive.org/details/PuafuaCatalogIntroByJeffSiegfried.
After Puafua.
Since Puafua, Dylan Nau has had songwriting/performing/arranging roles with Nicholas David of The Voice, Willamena, Gold Standard, Sputik Viper, The Feelin' Band, In Formation, !!!, and Apollo Cobra, much of which has been with the participation of Puafua band mate Aaron Stoehr. Nau's Puafua collaborator, Jeff Siegfried, has since worked arranging horns for and performing with former Wailer Devon Evans, in Spry with Puafua bandmate Aaron Stoehr, briefly in Gold Standard, and with one of the last surviving beat poets, Stephen Morse. He currently produces The Siegfrieds as well as heading up the role of director of music under the name Roar of the Buffalo Horn for the Rainbow Warriors in San Francisco. Drummer Casey Kashiemer moved to Madison, WI to play with award winning hip-hop group The Figureheads.

</doc>
<doc id="31114250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114250" title="BYU Adlab">
BYU Adlab

BYU Adlab is an American advertising agency housed within the College of Fine Arts and Communications at Brigham Young University. Founded by Jeff Sheets and Doug McKinlay, it is one of the only university-sponsored advertising agencies in the world.
History.
Founded in 2003, the BYU Adlab now produces advertising campaigns for numerous national clients. The BYU Adlab won the Student Gold ADDY Award for the Dorito's Nemesis campaign, one of only eight gold awards awarded by the American Advertising Federation from more than 60,000 applicants. BYU Adlab students have gone on to work for Wieden+Kennedy, Crispin Porter + Bogusky, Goodby, Silverstein & Partners and McCann Erickson.

</doc>
<doc id="31114267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114267" title="Konkani alphabets">
Konkani alphabets

The Konkani alphabet (Devanāgarī: , , Latin script: , , Kannada script: , , Malayalam script: , ) may be any one of three alphabets currently used to write the Konkani language.
As of 1987, the Goan Antruz dialect in the Devanagari script has been declared Standard Konkani and promulgated as an Official Language. Nevertheless, Konkani is also written in the Roman, Kannada, Malayalam and Persian scripts.
Disambiguation.
Konkani is a name given to a group of several cognate dialects spoken along the narrow strip of land called Konkan, on the west coast of India. This is, however, somewhat an over-generalisation. Geographically, Konkan is defined roughly as the area between the river Damanganga to the north and river Kali to the south; the north-south length being approx. 650 km. and east-west breadth about 50 km., going unto 96 km. in some places. Major part of Konkan is in Maharashtra and naturally, most people in the area speak some dialects of Marathi. But the language spoken in Goa and further south in coastal Karnataka and in some parts of northern Kerala has its distinct features, and is rightly identified as a separate language called Konkani.
History.
The earliest inscription in Konkani is of the Gupta period in the 2nd century CE found at Aravalem, Goa. It reads
The famous inscription at the foot of the colossal Jain monolith Gomaṭēśvara (Bāhubali) "Konkani: gomṭo - pretty masc., īśvar - God" at Shravanabelagola of 981 CE reads,
Orthography.
The rules for writing Konkani in the Devanagari script are elucidated in a book released by the Goa Konkani Academy titled "kōṅkaṇī śuddhalēkhanācē nēm".
The rules for writing Konkani in the Kannada script are elucidated in a book titled "Konkani Orthography in Kannada Script" released by Fr. Valerian Fernandes, a Konkani writer from Mangalore, at Thomas Stephens Konknni Kendr.
The rules for writing Konkani in the Roman script are elucidated in a book titled "thomas sṭīvans koṅkaṇi kēndr Romi Lipi" by writer Dr. Pratap Naik, released by Konkani singer Ullās Buyā̃v at Dalgado Konkani Academy.
Malayalam and Persian orthographies have not as yet been standardised for Konkani.
Observations.
Nasal consonants and nasalisation.
In Konkani, the ं is traditionally defined as representing a nasal stop homorganic to a following plosive,() and also vowel nasalisation. The precise phonetic value of the phoneme dependent on the phonological environment. Word-finally it is realized as nasalization of the preceding vowel (e.g. ' , "a well"). It results in vowel nasalization also medially between a short vowel and a non-obstruent (' "you (acc.)". It is pronounced as a homorganic nasal, with the preceding vowel becoming nasalized allophonically, in the following cases: between a long vowel and a voiced stop (' "copper", ' "silver"), between a long vowel and a voiceless stop (' "tooth"), and also between a short vowel and an obstruent (' "to support", The last rule has two sets of exceptions where the effects only a nasalization of the preceding short vowel. Words from the first set are morphologically derived from words with a long nasalized vowel ("" , "meat" In such cases the vowel is sometimes denasalized (. The second set is composed of a few words like "(" , "to arrive".)
Avagraha (ऽ).
Konkani is one of the few modern Indo-Aryan languages to apply the avagraha beyond mere sustenance of an exclamation, cry or shout in speech. It is used by verbs in continuous tense. The avagraha is not used in Standard Konkani in the Continuous tense. Its use, is however popular and prevalent amongst the Canara Saraswats, both Gaud and Bhanap, writing in their native Amchigele dialect, in the continuous tense with the aim of conforming to the Schwa deletion rule.
The avagraha is also used to mark the non-elision of word-final inherent a, which otherwise is a modern orthographic convention: बैसऽ baisa "sit" versus बैस bais.
Schwa Deletion.
The Schwa deletion or Schwa syncope phenomenon plays a crucial role in Konkani and several other Indo-Aryan languages, where schwas implicit in the written scripts of those languages are obligatorily deleted for correct pronunciation. Schwa syncope is extremely important in these languages for intelligibility and unaccented speech. It also presents a challenge to non-native speakers and speech synthesis software because the scripts, including Nagar Barap, do not provide indicators of where schwas should be dropped.
This means the schwa ('ə') implicit in each consonant of the script is "obligatorily deleted" at the end of words and in certain other contexts, unlike in Sanskrit. This phenomenon has been termed the ""schwa syncope rule"" or the ""schwa deletion rule"" of Konkani. In other words, when a vowel-preceded consonant is followed by a vowel-succeeded consonant, the schwa inherent in the first consonant is deleted. However, this formalization is inexact and incomplete (i.e. sometimes deletes a schwa when it shouldn't or, at other times, fails to delete it when it should), and can yield errors. Schwa deletion is computationally important because it is essential to building text-to-speech software for Konkani. Without the appropriate deletion of schwas, any speech output would sound unnatural.
As a result of schwa syncope, the Konkani pronunciation of many words differs from that expected from a literal Sanskrit-style rendering of Devanagari. For instance, करता is "kartā" not "karatā", आपयता is "āpaytā" not "āpayatā"', वेद is "vēd" not "vēda" and मिरसांग is "mirsāṅg" not "mirasāṅga".
For instance, the letter sequence ळब is pronounced differently in मळब "maḷab" sky and मळबार "maḷbār" in the sky . While native speakers correctly pronounce the sequences differently in different contexts, non-native speakers and voice-synthesis software can make them ""sound very unnatural"", making it ""extremely difficult for the listener"" to grasp the intended meaning.
Vowel nasalization.
With some words that contain /n/ or /m/ consonants separated from succeeding consonants by schwas, the schwa deletion process has the effect of nasalizing any preceding vowels. Some examples in Konkani include -

</doc>
<doc id="31114280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114280" title="Alfred Baker">
Alfred Baker

Alfred Baker may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31114305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114305" title="AZX">
AZX

AZX may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31114313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114313" title="Jean Gabilou">
Jean Gabilou

Jean Gabilou (born Gabriel Lewis Laughlin on 28 February 1944) is a Tahitian singer. He also represented France in the 1981 Eurovision Song Contest.
Early life.
Born into a family of ten children, he grew up in Papeete, Tahiti until the age of 13, before moving to Faa'a with his family.
In 1963, a friend, Raoul Robert, asked him to sing a melody at the Matavai Hotel. He then interpreted two waltzes and a religious song entitled "When The Saints Go Marching In" in rock version. The same evening he received his first contract for 60 francs an hour.
He first worked with the Vernaudon brothers for two years, then started performing at the Pitate Club with the Hars Brothers for another two years. Laughlin was then approached by Petiot, a guitarist for a group called The Barefoot Boys, which he joined at the age of 23. However in 1968, Laughlin left the group.
Career.
Following his departure from the Barefoot Boys, Laughlin founded the Banjo Boys, a group formed with his friends Kitty Salmon, Jacky Bougues, Marius Charles and Michael Garcia. Their song "Little Sacred Island" was released in 1968 and sold 54,000 copies.
In 1971, he sang at the hotel Tahara'a and was noticed by a lady named Paulette Vienot who, during that year, gets Laughlin signed for a contract in Paris with Eddie Barclay compiling the song "Moi girls". Which did not meet the expected success that was hoped.
In 1979, he moved to the United States. Two years later, he was contacted to represent France in the 1981 Eurovision Song Contest with the song "Humanahum". He finished third with a 125-point deficit behind Germany's Lena Valaitis and the United Kingdom's Bucks Fizz, who won the contest.
In 1983, he celebrated his twenty-year career in Papeete. In 1985, he married Moeata Sasson, an accomplished dancer for the Tahitian dance troupe "Tamari'i Fautaua. A few years later, Moeata staged her own dance troupe "Tamari'i Poerava", whose dancers then began performing alongside Gabilou.
Later life.
In 1993, he returned on stage with "Hei No". However in 1995, feeling ill, Gabilou went to a medical clinic in Papeete where he was diagnosed with having paralyzed vocal cords. Despite the bad news, he fought to regain his voice and left for France where he met speech therapist Dr Veil. After attending numerous rehabilitation sessions he regained his voice and released the album "Rohipehe"
In 2000, Gabilou decided to produce his own songs together with his friend and singer Andy Tupaia. Along with John Marote Mariassouce, the song "Fakateretere" featured on the album with the same name, was produced. It sold 20,000 copies and continues to be recognised throughout the Pacific as his signature song.
Gabilou continues to perform on stage. In 2001 and 2002 he was invited to Rarotonga, Cook Islands where he had also lived previously, to sing in front of 3500 people.
In 2003, he performed at the Oscars of Polynesian music. On the 6th of June 2003, he celebrated his 40th year in the industry with a concert in Pape'ete's To'ata Square in front of a full crowd, with guest Tahitian performers such as Yvon Arai, Esther Tefana, Rataro, Coco Mamatui, Andy Tupaia, Kitty Salmon, Théo Sulpice, his niece and nephew Sabrina and Tapuarii aswel as former Miss Tahiti/Miss France 91 Mareva Georges.

</doc>
<doc id="31114330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114330" title="Chepelyovo">
Chepelyovo

Chepelyovo () is the name of several rural localities in Russia:

</doc>
<doc id="31114351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114351" title="Ed Walker (American football)">
Ed Walker (American football)

Edgar Lee Walker (March 25, 1901 – June 16, 1972) was an American football player and coach of football and basketball. He served as the head football coach at the University of Mississippi (Ole Miss) from 1930 to 1937, compiling a record of 38–38–8. Walker was also the head basketball coach at Ole Miss from 1930 to 1935, tallying a mark of 46–36.

</doc>
<doc id="31114415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114415" title="Zhang Yuansu">
Zhang Yuansu

Zhang Yuansu (aka Zhang Jiegu; ca. 1151-1234) was one of the most historically influential Traditional Chinese medicine physicians in the period of transition from China's northern Jin dynasty to the Mongolian Yuan dynasty.
Zhang Jiegu integrated medicinal materials into the five element framework (Wuxing) with both the five shen herbs (spirit herbs) framework and qi meridians. He helped to more clearly define the association of the "tastes" of medicinals and their believed effect on the different organ systems. Zhang asserted that herbs entered into and influenced the meridians. The culmination of Zhang's work was a book called "Bag of Pearls" ("Zhenzhu Nang" 珍珠囊).
According to Zhang Jiegu:

</doc>
<doc id="31114418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114418" title="Lassi Hurskainen">
Lassi Hurskainen

Lassi Elias Hurskainen (born 8 April 1987) is a Finnish footballer, currently playing for HIFK, who played as a goalkeeper for UNC Asheville Men's Soccer before graduating from UNC Asheville in Fall of 2011.
Personal life.
Hurskainen grew up in Joensuu, Finland and attended the Joensuun Lyseon Lukio (Upper seconnary school). In 2007, Hurskainen served in the Finnish Defense Forces.
YouTube Prominence.
On 14 February 2011, Hurskainen had with the help of two friends from UNC Asheville created a soccer trick shot video inspired by various other sports trick shot videos and uploaded it to YouTube. The video's view count grew to an upwards of 3 million over the course of the next couple weeks and months. The video and subsequent videos were featured on ESPN, Good Morning America, and various global local news channels respectively. 
Stats.
UNCA Career.
UNCA Year Overviews
.allowed one goal or less in 12 different matches...stopped five shots and allowed just one goal in 1–1 vs. Southern Conference champion UNC Greensboro (9–14)...made season-high ninesaves in win over Winthrop (10–25)...most goals he allowed were three in 3–1 loss at Lipscomb (9–21)...had a 0.94 goals against average in eight regular-season Big South Conference matches...made all-tournament at Elon Invitational.

</doc>
<doc id="31114427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114427" title="Prague '11">
Prague '11

Prague '11 is a compilation album by German trance producer Markus Schulz.

</doc>
<doc id="31114438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114438" title="Moments in the Woods">
Moments in the Woods

"Moments in the Woods" is the 152nd episode of the ABC television series "Desperate Housewives". It is the eighteenth episode of the show's seventh season and was broadcast on April 17, 2011.
Plot.
Susan arrives at a check-up and discovers that her kidney transplant has gone well. She leaves to see a friend from dialysis, Dick, but the doctor explains that Dick has been admitted to the hospital. Susan goes to see him and Dick admits that he has a viral infection. He tells Susan that she is lucky to get a kidney so quickly and tells her to gamble. He explains that when he is better he will take her to the casino by the airport as he has never won there. However, Susan explains that she is more of a casual poker player. Later, Susan plays poker with the other housewives and keeps winning, even without looking at her cards. She goes to see Dick to tell him about her success but finds his nephew, who reveals that Dick has died. The nephew hands Susan an envelope, which is marked: "Never walk away from a winning streak" and has a $100 chip inside. Susan goes to the casino and meets Roy, who is playing on the slot machines. She explains that she is playing for a friend and goes to play poker. Later, Roy comes to check on her progress and discovers that she has turned her $100 chip into $6,000. She goes all in and wins again, making over $12,000. However, she starts to cry and asks why she keeps winning and being lucky when other people lose - or die. Roy tells her a story about a close miss he had in Korea and tells her not to question it, but to enjoy it. Susan asks what happens when her luck runs out, but Roy tells her: "Why ask?"
Meanwhile, Lynette is thrilled when Tom hands her a cheque for $100,000 - his signing bonus. He tells her to spend $10,000 on something frivolous for herself. They arrange a celebratory dinner for later in the week. Later, Lynette shows off to the other housewives that she has bought a coffee maker but they are unimpressed and tell her to be more adventurous. Renee decides to take her clothes shopping but Lynette is uncomfortable and doesn't feel she belongs. Renee pretends she can buy the boutique to make the shop assistant get them refreshments and Lynette soon falls in love with the boots, jeans and dress she tries on. When she buys the goods, she copies Renee's lead and exerts her power over the shop assistant by making her open earlier the next day. Later, Renee comes over to check out Lynette's preparations for her celebratory dinner. Lynette calls Tom to find out when he will be home and discovers that he has to fly to Montreal on the private jet for a meeting. Lynette is disappointed and Renee points out that this is the real price for being able to buy nice things and have all the perks. Lynette decides to surprise Tom and meets him on the jet to serve him dinner. However, Tom admits that he has lots of preparation to do for his meeting and doesn't have time. Lynette says he deserves some fun, but Tom admits that the job is fun and he is loving every minute. He thanks her for giving him the confidence to take it. Soon, he has to take a phone call and Lynette leaves the plane sadly.
Bree congratulates Andrew for staying sober for 30 days. She advises him to stick to the AA's 12 Steps but Andrew admits that he is struggling with step eight - making amends to people he has harmed. Bree believes that he is referring to her and says people are more forgiving than we give them credit for. However, Andrew reveals that Bree is far down his list. Bree is offended and points out that Andrew has done a lot to harm her, but he explains that top of his list is Carlos - because he ran over his mother. Bree is shocked and follows Andrew as he heads over to the Solis house, begging him not to come clean. Andrew finds Carlos, but before he can confess Bree jumps in and claims that Andrew wanted to thank Carlos for being like a surrogate father when Rex died. Carlos explains that he was also grieving because his mother had died and he is glad they could be there for each other. With Bree by his side, Andrew pretends that was all he wanted to say.
Bree is shocked when Gaby tells her that Carlos and Andrew have gone for a hunting trip together. Bree tells Gaby that she thinks Andrew is about to confess and the pair both fret about how Carlos will react. They can't get through to the men's phones because there is no signal in the woods, so decide to drive up there and Gaby gets Lee to watch the girls. When they arrive, in the pouring rain, they are surprised that Andrew is not in the cabin with Carlos. Carlos explains that he is hiking by the cliffs and says the rocks are slippery, so he hopes he is back soon. Gaby spots blood on Carlos's hands, while Bree notices a shovel. They both jump to conclusions and Gaby asks what he has done to Andrew. Bree explains that it was an accident and Andrew didn't mean to run over Carlos's mother. She tells Carlos to blame her because she helped Andrew get rid of the car. However, at that moment Andrew returns from his hike. He is shocked when he discovers that Gaby and Bree have spilled the beans, explaining he never would have done so alone in the woods. Carlos is furious, but at that point, the park ranger arrives and reveals that a pine tree has fallen across an access road and they will have to stay for the night. Later, Carlos asks Andrew and Bree how they could have come to the funeral and produces a bottle of alcohol. Knowing that Andrew is trying to stay sober, he offers him a drink, before telling him that he has to toast his mother. Bree begs Carlos to stop, pointing out that they have been friends, but Carlos says they are no longer friends. Andrew says the only person Carlos should be angry with is him, not the people who knew about it. Carlos puts two and two together and realises that Gaby knew as well. He angrily storms out of the cabin and walks off as Gaby screams after him.
The next morning, Gaby, Andrew and Bree arrive home but have not found Carlos. Lee confronts Gaby, complaining that she left her kids with him all night without warning. He reveals that Carlos called to check he could look after them for a few more hours because he was going to another town. Gaby realises that he has gone to his mother's tomb and they go after him. When they find him, Bree tries to apologise but Andrew asks her not to defend him, explaining he needs to do it himself. He goes to sit next to Carlos and Bree tells Gaby that she is proud of her son. Later, she bakes some muffins and takes them over to Carlos to thank him for forgiving Andrew. He tells her to go to Hell, explaining that he forgave Andrew because he was just a kid but Bree was an adult and his friend and covered it up. He says they are no longer friends and bans Bree from being friends with Gaby. Gaby tries to protest, but he overrules her. "You're not even going to wave to us on the street," he says. "That's how it's going to be." He slams the door and Gaby and Bree stare at each other through the glass.
Paul is shocked to discover that the door of one of his houses is open. He heads over and discovers Felicia, who has inherited the house from Beth as Paul bought it in her name. Paul is even more annoyed when he discovers that Felicia has taken Beth's ashes. Later, Felicia goes to Paul's house and apologises for the way she behaved. She says that she wants them to scatter Beth's ashes together at a lake Beth used to like. She claims that she wants Paul to come because Beth loved him - and she doesn't have a car yet. Paul reluctantly agrees. The next day, the pair begin the drive to the lake and Felicia suggests that Beth would be glad they are spending time together as their hate killed her. Felicia then asks Paul if her sister, Martha, suffered when Paul killed her. Paul refuses to answer and Felicia acknowledges that Martha drove Mary-Alice to kill herself. Paul is surprised that Felicia has admitted that, but Felicia explains that Paul loved Mary-Alice so killed Martha, and she loved Martha so tried to destroy Paul. She says that Beth paid the price and she hopes they can put a stop to the cycle and get closure. Paul agrees, but is seen hiding a gun.
The pair arrive at the lake and start bickering until Paul says he doesn't trust Felicia. Felicia reveals that she knows Paul brought a gun with him, but eventually pulls it on him, having taken it from him earlier. She points out that she could shoot him right there as it his gun and she could claim self-defence. However, instead she throws it into the lake. She claims that she doesn't want them to fear each other anymore and wants everything to be over. Paul scatters Beth's ashes. The pair return to Wisteria Lane but when Felicia arrives home it emerges that Paul has not scattered Beth's ashes, but just some ashes from the fire. Felicia sifts Beth's real ashes back into the urn and promises to make Paul pay for what he did to her. She tells Beth's ashes that shooting Paul would be too quick and death is the easy way out.
Reception.
On its original broadcast on ABC, the episode scored 9.105 million of viewers and achieved a 2.7 rating in the adults 18-49 demographic. With the DVR Rating, this episode is up 2.2 in million of viewers (rising to a total of 11.3 million of viewers) and it's up 1.0 in the adults 18-49 demographic (rising to a total of a 3.7 rating).Despite the bad ratings, the episode received very positive reviews from fans and critics alike.

</doc>
<doc id="31114447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114447" title="John Gwynneth">
John Gwynneth

John Gwynneth (fl. 1557), was a Welsh Catholic divine and musician.
Gwynneth was the son of David ap Llewelyn ap Ithel of Llyn, brother to Robert ap Llewelyn ap Ithel of Castelmarch, Carnarvonshire, ancestor of Sir William Jones, knight. He was educated at Oxford, and being a poor man he was, says Wood, 'exhibited to by an ecclesiastical Mecænas,' in the hope that he would write against the heretics. In due course he was ordained priest, and on 9 December 1531 he supplicated the university for leave to practise in music and for the degree of doctor of music, as he had composed all the responses for a whole year 'in cantis chrispis aut fractis, ut aiunt,' and many masses, including three masses of five parts and five masses of four parts, besides hymns, antiphons, and divers songs for the use of the church. This request was granted conditionally on his paying to the university twenty pence on the day of his admission, and he was forthwith licensed to proceed. He was presented by the king to the provostship or rectory sine curd of Clynog fawr upon the death of Dr. William Glyn.
Bishop John Capon, who was consecrated 19 April 1534, would not admit him, but instituted Gregory Williamson, a kinsman of Thomas Cromwell, 1st Earl of Essex, to the living. Gwynneth brought his tjuare impedit against the Bishop of Bangor in July 1541, and during the vacancy of the see by the translation of John Bird to Chester he got himself instituted to Clynog in October 1541 by the commissary of the Archbishop of Canterbury. After this there was a great controversy between Gwynneth and Bishop Bulkley in the Star-chamber, and in 1543 Gwynneth obtained judgment in his favour on the quare impedit. He appears to have resigned the living shortly afterwards, as on 19 September 1543 he was admitted to the rectory of St. Peter, Westcheap, in the city of London, which he resigned before 19 November 1556. In 1554 he was vicar of Luton, Bedfordshire. Probably he died before the end of Queen Mary's reign.
His works are : 1. 'My Love mourneth,' music and words in a book, 'Bassus,' beginning 'In this boke are conteynyd xx songes,' 1530, obl. 4to. 2. 'The confutacyon of the fyrst parte of Frythes boke, with a disputacyon before, whether it be possyble for any heretike to know that hymselfe is one or not, And also another, whether it be wors to denye directely more or lesse of the fayth,' St. Albans, 1536, 16mo. 3. 'A Manifesto Detection of the notable falshed of that Part of Frythes boke which he termeth his Foundation, and bosteth it to be invincible,' 2nd edition, London, 1554, 8vo. 4. 'A Playne Demonstration of John Frithes lacke of witte and learnynge in his understandynge of holie Scripture, and of the olde holy doctours, in the Blessed Sacrament of the Aulter, newly set foorthe,' St. Albans, 1536, 4to; London, 1557, 4to, written in the form of a dialogue. 5. 'A Declaration of the State wherein all Heretickes dooe leade their lives; and also of their continuall indever and propre fruictes, which beginneth in the 38 Chapiter, and so to thende of the Woorke,' London, 1554, 4to. 6. 'A brief Declaration of the notable Victory given of God to oure soueraygne lady, quene Marye, made in the church of Luton, the 23 July, in the first yere of her gracious reign,' London , 16mo.

</doc>
<doc id="31114480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114480" title="Hansel and Gretel (disambiguation)">
Hansel and Gretel (disambiguation)

"Hansel and Gretel" is a fairy tale.
Hansel and Gretel may also refer to:
In film:

</doc>
<doc id="31114527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114527" title="Matthew Grove">
Matthew Grove

Matthew Grove is the Conservative Police and Crime Commissioner for Humberside Police. He is the first person to hold the post and was elected on 15 November 2012, and following a closely fought race with Labour's John Prescott. Grove was previously a local councillor in the East Riding of Yorkshire.

</doc>
<doc id="31114539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114539" title="Harry Earnshaw">
Harry Earnshaw

Harold Earnshaw, Harry "Shake" Earnshaw, (September 24, 1915 – May 16, 1985) was an English racing cyclist from Yorkshire. In 1938 he was acclaimed as the British Best All-Rounder when his three best event performances were aggregated into 399 miles at 22.627 mph.
His achievements were celebrated in 1939 when Cycling Weekly awarded him his own page in the Golden Book of Cycling, which is now held in 'The Pedal Club' archive.
Personal life.
Harry Earnshaw lived in Royston, South Yorkshire and was a natural athlete and cyclist. He worked as a coal-miner from school-leaving age (c. 1930) until 1938.
Harry was given the nickname "Shake" by a visiting uncle. Who after reading a popular magazine called "Fragments", within its pages were a series of cartoons featuring a sergent-major glaring at a new recruit shouting "Before you come on parade tomorrow, Shakespeare get your hair cut."
Turning to the young Harry, who had a good thick crop of dark hair, he said "Shakespeare, get your hair cut". This was adopted as his nickname and over the years, Shakespeare was shorten to "Shake" a name that stayed with him all his life.
Career.
Earnshaw started road racing in 1935 when he was 18 years old, winning his first event, 25-miles in 1 hour 18 minutes despite several delays, a fall and mechanical damage. He was renowned as a tough, resilient, uncomplaining rider, coping with mechanical and physical set-backs.
In 1936 the 'Monckton Cycling Club', sponsored by Carlton Cycles of Worksop, won the team section of the British Best All-Rounder and Earnshaw was fifth in the individual listing.
In the 1937 British Best All-Rounder, Earnshaw improved to third overall whilst Monckton C.C. again won the team prize. He also won the 'Sheffield Phoenix 25 mile Time Trial in 1 hour, 1 minute 46 seconds.
In 1938 Earnshaw won the British Best All-Rounder with the record average speed of 22.627 mph. This was reward for his victory in the Westerley 100-mile competition in a record time of 4 hours 20 minutes 48 seconds, plus two seasons best performances of 50-miles in 2 hours 4 minutes 21 seconds and 249 miles in 12 hours.
The Golden Book.
Harry Earnshaw's achievements were celebrated in 1938 when Cycling Weekly awarded him his own page in the Golden Book of Cycling.
Later Years.
In his senior years he became an accomplished after dinner speaker, but later came the sad news of his multiple amputations, a decision which was made due to the clotting of the arteries in his legs, the result of which confined him to a wheelchair.
Harry died on Thursday, May 16, 1985 aged 69.

</doc>
<doc id="31114554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114554" title="Harriet Fasenfest">
Harriet Fasenfest

Harriet Fasenfest (born 1953) is an American writer, urban gardener, and food preservation educator in Portland, Oregon. A former owner/operator of several restaurants and cafes, she coined the term "householding" to refer to the practice of home food growing, canning and storage. She published her first book, "A Householder's Guide to the Universe", in 2010.
Biography.
Fasenfest was born and raised in Bronx, New York. She moved to the Northwest in 1978 where she owned and operated the Bertie Lou's and Harriet's Eat Now cafes. In 1990 she went back to traveling the country, married, moved back to California, and then moved to Georgia in 1992. While there, she began working with Habitat for Humanity International. In 1997 Fasenfest returned to Portland to work as director of the Performance Salon Series at North Portland's North Star Ballroom, an events arena which combined art and performance with social activism, and in 2000 opened her last cafe, Groundswell.
In 2004 she transformed her backyard in Northern Portland into a producing garden. She grows produce with an eye to home canning and storing, and teaches classes in food preservation and backyard gardening. She is the co-owner of Preserve, an educational center for home gardening and food preservation, and creator of the www.portlandpreserve.com website, on which she writes a blog called "The Householder's Grab Bag". She also blogs for Culinate.com.
Fasenfest regards home food preservation as a political and economic statement. She coined the term "householding" rather than "homemaking" or "home economics" to describe her work. She published her views on home gardening and food preservation in "A Householder's Guide to the Universe: A Calendar of Basics for the Home and Beyond". The book is organized by month and season.
She lives in Portland, Oregon 

</doc>
<doc id="31114557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114557" title="Pleurotus citrinopileatus">
Pleurotus citrinopileatus

Pleurotus citrinopileatus, the golden oyster mushroom ("tamogitake" in Japanese), is an edible gilled fungus. Native to eastern Russia, northern China, and Japan, the golden oyster mushroom is very closely related to "P. cornucopiae" of Europe, with some authors considering them to be at the rank of subspecies. In far eastern Russia, "P. citrinopileatus", there called "iI'mak", is one of the most popular wild edible mushrooms.
Description.
The fruiting bodies of "P. citrinopileatus" grow in clusters of bright yellow to golden brown caps with a velvety, dry surface texture. Caps range from in diameter. The flesh is thin and white, with a mild taste and without a strong smell. Stems are cylindrical, white in color, often curved or bent, and about long and in diameter. The gills are white, closely spaced, and run down the stem. The spores of the golden oyster mushroom are cylindrical or elliptical in shape, smooth, hyaline, amyloid, and measure (6-9) × (2-3.5) micrometres.
Ecology.
The golden oyster mushroom, like other species of oyster mushroom, is a wood-decay fungus. In the wild, "P. citrinopileatus" most commonly decays hardwoods such as elm. Spores are spread by "Callipogon relictus", a beetle. 
Uses.
Golden oyster mushrooms are cultivated commercially, usually on a medium of grain, straw, or sawdust. "Pleurotus" species are some of the most commonly cultivated mushrooms, particularly in China, due to their ease of cultivation and their ability to convert 100 g of organic refuse into 50-70 g of fresh mushrooms, which are up to 30% protein.
"P. citrinopileatus" mushrooms are a source of antioxidants. Extracts from "P. citrinopileatus" have been studied for their antihyperglycemic properties, decreasing blood sugar levels in diabetic rats. They have also been studied as a source of lipid-lowering drugs; "P. ostreatus", a related oyster mushroom, has been found to contain the cholesterol-lowering drug lovastatin.

</doc>
<doc id="31114559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114559" title="Chaeresilaus">
Chaeresilaus

In Greek mythology, Chaeresilaus is solely known for having been the son of Iasius (himself son of Eleuther) and the father of Poemander by Stratonice.

</doc>
<doc id="31114562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114562" title="Mathew Grove">
Mathew Grove

Mathew Grove (fl. 1587), was a poet.
Grove is known only as the author of the very rare volume entitled 'The most famous and tragicall historie of Pelops and Hippodamia. Whereunto are adioyned sundrie pleasant deuises, epigrams, songes, and sonnettes. Written by Mathew Grove. Imprinted at London by Abel Ieffs . . . 1587.' There are dedications in verse by Richard Smith, the publisher, who confesses to knowing nothing of the author, and in prose by the author, both addressed to Sir Henry Compton, 1st Baron Compton, father of William Compton, 1st Earl of Northampton. The story of Pelops and Hippodamia is told in ballad metre. There follow many short pieces, chiefly dealing with a lover's joys and pains, and a few epigrams on moral subjects. There are some jesting verses entitled 'A perfect tricke to kill little blacke flees in one's chamber.' Only one copy of the volume is known ; it is in the library of the Earl of Ellesmere. Dr. Grosart reprinted it in his 'Occasional Issues' in 1878.
In 1638 Henry Gosson published a work by one Mathew Grove, entitled 'Witty Proverbs, Pithy Sentences, and wise similes collected out of the Golden volumes of divers learned and grave philosophers,' London, 8vo. Mr. Hazlitt is of opinion that this author is to be distinguished from the writer of 'Pelops.'

</doc>
<doc id="31114571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114571" title="Senegal at the FIFA World Cup">
Senegal at the FIFA World Cup

This is a record of Senegal's results at the FIFA World Cup. The FIFA World Cup, sometimes called the Football World Cup or the Soccer World Cup, but usually referred to simply as the World Cup, is an international association football competition contested by the men's national teams of the members of "Fédération Internationale de Football Association" (FIFA), the sport's global governing body. The championship has been awarded every four years since the first tournament in 1930, except in 1942 and 1946, due to World War II.
The tournament consists of two parts, the qualification phase and the final phase (officially called the "World Cup Finals"). The qualification phase, which currently take place over the three years preceding the Finals, is used to determine which teams qualify for the Finals. The current format of the Finals involves 32 teams competing for the title, at venues within the host nation (or nations) over a period of about a month. The World Cup Finals is the most widely-viewed sporting event in the world, with an estimated 715.1 million people watching the 2006 tournament final.
Senegal have appeared in the finals of the FIFA World Cup on one occasion in 2002 where they reached the quarter finals.
Senegal at the 2002 World Cup.
Squad.
Head coach: Bruno Metsu
Group A.
Defending champions France were eliminated from Group A without scoring a goal after defeats to Denmark and debutants Senegal, who both progressed at the expense of two-time champions Uruguay.

</doc>
<doc id="31114581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114581" title="2011 WGC-Cadillac Championship">
2011 WGC-Cadillac Championship

The 2011 WGC-Cadillac Championship was a golf tournament that was contested from March 10–13 at Doral Golf Resort & Spa in Doral, Florida. It was the 12th WGC-Cadillac Championship tournament, and the second of four World Golf Championships events staged in 2011. Cadillac replaced CA Technologies as the title sponsor. Nick Watney shot a final round 67 to win his first World Golf Championship event, beating Dustin Johnson by two strokes. This tournament was the third of four World Golf Championships events held in 2011.
Field.
The field consisted of players from the top of the Official World Golf Ranking and the money lists/Order of Merit from the six main professional golf tours. Each player is classified according to the first category in which he qualified, but other categories are shown in parentheses.
Initially, all 69 players who qualified for the tournament were scheduled to play.
1. The top 50 players from the Official World Golf Ranking, as of February 28, 2011<br>
Robert Allenby (2,3), Paul Casey (2,3,5,6), K. J. Choi (2,3), Jason Day (2,3), Luke Donald (2,3,4,5,6), Ernie Els (2,3,5), Ross Fisher (2,5), Rickie Fowler (2), Jim Furyk (2,3), Retief Goosen (2,3), Bill Haas (2), Peter Hanson (2,5), Pádraig Harrington (2,5), Yuta Ikeda (2), Ryo Ishikawa (2), Miguel Ángel Jiménez (2,5,6), Dustin Johnson (2,3), Zach Johnson (2,3), Robert Karlsson (2,5), Martin Kaymer (2,5,6), Anthony Kim (2), Kim Kyung-Tae (2,7), Matt Kuchar (2,3,4), Martin Laird (2,3), Hunter Mahan (2,3), Graeme McDowell (2,5), Rory McIlroy (2,5,6), Phil Mickelson (2,3), Edoardo Molinari (2,5), Francesco Molinari (2,5), Ryan Moore (2,3), Geoff Ogilvy (2,3,8), Louis Oosthuizen (2,5), Ian Poulter (2,5), Álvaro Quirós (2,5,6), Justin Rose (2,3), Charl Schwartzel (2,5,6,9), Adam Scott (2,3), Vijay Singh (4), Steve Stricker (2,3), Bo Van Pelt (2,3), Camilo Villegas (2,3), Nick Watney (2,3), Lee Westwood (2,5), Mark Wilson (2,4), Tiger Woods (2), Y.E. Yang (2)
Three golfers withdrew from the tournament shortly before it started: Tim Clark (2,3) (elbow), Ben Crane (2,3) (back), and Bubba Watson (2,3,4) (flu).
2. The top 50 players from the Official World Golf Ranking, as of March 7, 2011<br>
Hiroyuki Fujita (7)
3. The top 30 players from the final 2010 FedExCup Points List<br>
Charley Hoffman, Kevin Na, Jeff Overton, Ryan Palmer, Kevin Streelman
4. The top 10 players from the 2011 FedExCup Points List, as of March 7, 2011<br>
Aaron Baddeley, Jonathan Byrd, D. A. Points, Rory Sabbatini, Jhonattan Vegas
5. The top 20 players from the final 2010 European Tour Order of Merit<br>
Rhys Davies, Anders Hansen
6. The top 10 players from the European Tour Order of Merit, as of February 28, 2011<br>
Thomas Aiken (9), Thomas Bjørn, Shiv Chowrasia
7. The top 2 players from the final 2010 Japan Golf Tour Order of Merit
8. The top 2 players from the final 2010 PGA Tour of Australasia Order of Merit<br>
Peter Senior
9. The top 2 players from the final 2010 Sunshine Tour Order of Merit
10. The top 2 players from the final 2010 Asian Tour Order of Merit<br>
Marcus Fraser, Noh Seung-yul
Round summaries.
First round.
The first round was significantly delayed when a storm blew in shortly after play began on Thursday. Thursday's play was resumed in the afternoon, but almost all players were still on the course when darkness fell. At this point Hunter Mahan led the field, at 7-under-par through his first 11 holes. He would hold on to this lead when the first round was concluded on Friday morning. Japanese teenager Ryo Ishikawa was one shot back in second, while new world number one Martin Kaymer was third; several players including Luke Donald and Matt Kuchar had reached the 6-under mark in their rounds, then dropped back.
Second round.
Scoring proved more difficult in the second round as high winds returned to the Doral course. The low round of the day was Aaron Baddeley's 66. Hunter Mahan retained his one shot lead after a steady 71, with Martin Kaymer and Francesco Molinari a shot further back. This meant that the three leading players at the halfway stage were the World Number One, and the winners of the previous two stroke play-format WGC events. Ryo Ishikawa, who started the round in second place, shot a four-over-par 76 on the day his home nation of Japan was devastated by an earthquake and tsunami.
Third round.
Dustin Johnson was the big mover on Saturday, shooting a 65, the lowest round of the day, to open up a two-shot advantage. Behind him the leaderboard was more congested, with three shots covering twelve players. Luke Donald, Nick Watney and overnight leader Hunter Mahan all had chances to match Johnson's score before faltering over the closing holes, while Martin Kaymer, in the final group, fell away after a 74.
Final round.
The final round began strongly for the American challengers, with Nick Watney, Hunter Mahan, Dustin Johnson and Matt Kuchar all getting under par early, while the international players struggled. As the leaders reached the turn, Doral's famous back nine began to bite, with a number of the leading players making bogeys and double bogeys. This opened the tournament back up to the field; ahead of the leaders, Anders Hansen was going low, but missed makeable birdie putts on 16 and 17 to settle for a 67 and 13-under. Meanwhile Nick Watney holed long par putts at 13 and 15 to stay at 15-under, and shared the lead with Dustin Johnson going into the final stretch. But Johnson bogeyed 16, and when Watney birdied the tough 18 it left Johnson, in the final group, needing to hole his second shot to force a playoff; he hit it close, but eventually had to settle for a par, leaving Watney the winner by two. The low rounds on the final day were a pair of 66s by the young American Rickie Fowler, and former world number one Tiger Woods, a multiple winner of this event.

</doc>
<doc id="31114590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114590" title="Bratton Castle">
Bratton Castle

Bratton Castle (also known as Bratton Camp) is a bivallate Iron Age hillfort on Bratton Down, at the western edge of the Salisbury Plain escarpment. The hillfort comprises two circuits of ditch and bank which together enclose a pentagonal area of .
The Westbury White Horse, a hill figure first documented in 1742, lies on the west side of the hillfort.
Background.
Hill forts developed in the Late Bronze and Early Iron Age, roughly the start of the first millennium BC. The reason for their emergence in Britain, and their purpose, has been a subject of debate. It has been argued that they could have been military sites constructed in response to invasion from continental Europe, sites built by invaders, or a military reaction to social tensions caused by an increasing population and consequent pressure on agriculture. The dominant view since the 1960s has been that the increasing use of iron led to social changes in Britain. Deposits of iron ore were located in different places to the tin and copper ore necessary to make bronze, and as a result trading patterns shifted and the old elites lost their economic and social status. Power passed into the hands of a new group of people. Archaeologist Barry Cunliffe believes that population increase still played a role and has stated "forts provided defensive possibilities for the community at those times when the stress an increasing population burst out into open warfare. But I wouldn't see them as having been built because there was a state of war. They would be functional as defensive strongholds when there were tensions and undoubtedly some of them were attacked and destroyed, but this was not the only, or even the most significant, factor in their construction".
Description.
The short west side and the long north side occupy the crest of steep escarpment slopes and the ditches are stepped one above the other, the rampart slopes rising and above the base of the ditches. The defences here span a total width of . The south side of the hillfort and the southern half of the east side cross Bratton Down and here the twin ramparts are of roughly equal height and in width. The northern half of the east side crosses the head of a re-entrant valley where the outer rampart and ditch have been largely destroyed by quarrying or landslips and the construction of a farm track. The short north east side straddles a narrow steep-sided ridge up which runs the Port Way. This passes through a possible original entrance, at which point the two ramparts have separated to form a small annexe, the outer ditch of which has, in places, been removed by quarrying. Quarrying has, in the past, also taken place within parts of the interior of the fort.
Archaeology.
The hillfort was one of the sites excavated by Jeffery Whittaker prior to 1775, which is thought to have been one of the earliest archaeological excavations to have taken place in Wiltshire. The excavation was poorly documented but it is believed that Roman and Saxon coins were found within the vicinity of the fort. Later excavations were carried out by William Cunnington and Sir Richard Colt Hoare. Notably three barrows within and around the castle were excavated and recorded
Bratton G1.
A Long Barrow, within which was found two primary cremations on a platform with a pile of pebble stones and one chalk bead covered with 'vegetable earth', intermixed with pottery and animal bones at four and five feet deep. Three secondary inhumations were found near the top.
Bratton G2.
A Bowl barrow containing two cremation urns, the one placed within the other, and an interment of burnt bones. The large urn was broken in pieces; the small one, containing about three pints was better preserved and is contained within the Wiltshire Heritage Museum. It is described as particular in its shape, having a perforated and projecting handle.
Bratton G8a.
A small round barrow less than one foot high, contained a circular cist with a crouched skeleton, but no relics. The skull is at Cambridge Museum.
Location.
The site is located at , to the southwest of the village and parish of Bratton, in the county of Wiltshire. The hill has a summit of AOD. The site and surrounding downs are easily accessible by public footpath.

</doc>
<doc id="31114606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114606" title="Shajoon Kariyal">
Shajoon Kariyal

Shajoon Kariyal is an Indian film director and producer working in Malayalam cinema. Shajoon was born in 1966 in Kozhikode, Kerala and had his primary education from Govt. Ganapath High School, Chalappuram. He started his film career in 1984, at the age of 18, as an assistant director to I. V. Sasi. He worked as the assistant or associate director to many films including "Uyarangalil" (1984), "Anubandham" (1985), "Karimpinpoovinakkare" (1985), "Aavanazhi" (1986), "1921" (1988), "Douthyam" (1989), "Varthamana Kalam" (1990), "Arhatha" (1990), "Midhya" (1991), "Neelagiri" (1991) and "Varnapakittu" (1997). He was the story writer for the mammooty starrer megahit Jackpot.He debuted as a director with "Rajaputhran" (1996), starring Suresh Gopi and Shobhana. He has directed many films, including the commercially successful "Thachiledathu Chundan" (1999) and the critically acclaimed "Vadakkumnadhan" (2006). After "Vadakkumnadhan", he planned two films, "Raman Police" and "Talkies", but both the projects did not work out. His latest film is "Chettayees" which is directed and co-produced by him. He is one of the five partners of the newly launched production house Thakkaali Films.

</doc>
<doc id="31114611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114611" title="Love Is a Many Strangled Thing">
Love Is a Many Strangled Thing

"Love is a Many Strangled Thing" is the seventeenth episode of "The Simpsons"' twenty-second season. It aired on the Fox network in the United States on March 27, 2011.
Plot.
After saving Mr. Burns' life, Homer wins tickets to a NFL game between the Springfield Atoms and the Miami Dolphins, and takes the whole family. The billion-dollar stadium includes a Loews multiplex and a Museum of Tolerance, impressing even previous anti-stadium activist Lisa, and prompting Homer to tell his kids they will be paying taxes on the place long after the Atoms have left for another city. During the game, everybody starts to dance in front of the screen, but Bart does not want to dance, saying that "Everybody Dance Now" is too pushy for his liking. Homer tries to make him dance by tickling him but he inadvertently humiliates Bart in front of the stadium crowd when he tickles him... until he wets himself. To make matters worse, the stadium owners take pity on Bart and try to dry his shorts off by opening the roof, but Russian spy satellites capture the image of Bart with wet shorts, leading to widespread humiliation on the Internet and an invasion by Russia who see his urine-soaked shorts as a sign of American weakness. 
Later that night, Marge scolds Homer for hurting Bart's feelings, and encourages him to enroll in a fathering enrichment class taught by therapist Dr. Zander. During the class, Homer casually mentions that he often strangles Bart for his mischievous behaviour. Shocked to learn of Homer's violence towards Bart, Dr. Zander conducts a series of treatments in the next session. With the help of Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, he teaches Homer what it feels like to be young, small, and helpless by strangling him mercilessly all the time, even going as far as letting Kareem's friends strangle Homer as well.
Unfortunately, the therapy works too well and Homer can no longer strangle Bart, even when "needed", because he is traumatized by the therapeutic session (in one instance, imagining himself as children from other abusive parental relationships, like Michael Jackson, Ben from "The Great Santini", and Precious from ). Realizing that the sessions have turned Homer into a pushover, Bart takes advantage of Homer and becomes a school bully, as the school can no longer count on Homer's aggressiveness to protect them from Bart's pranks. Seeing Bart's abuse towards Homer, Marge decides to take Bart to Dr. Zander to changes his ways, but to her shock, she finds out that Zander has become homeless due to the current economic downturn. Marge begs Dr. Zander to fix Bart and Homer for $23 and a can of beans. Zander accepts.
Dr. Zander takes Bart and Homer on a trip while Marge and Lisa spend their time watching sad horse movies. During their trip, Zander tries several exercises to encourage Homer to have confidence in Bart but, unfortunately, Bart often abuses Homer's ignorance and enjoys when he gets hurt, much to Zander's frustration. The ultimate test for Bart's and Homer's relationship is that Bart must save his father from being hanged in a tree, but Bart is more focused on text-pranking Moe than looking out for Homer's welfare. Dr. Zander, realizing just how annoying and sociopathic Bart is, gets fed up and decides to kill Bart, but he manages to free Homer, who saves him. In revenge for Zander's behaviour, Homer (realizing that Zander is no better than him or Bart) and Bart sues the doctor, and are awarded his sole remaining possession: a hole in the large tree he lives in, a place where Homer and Bart finally reconcile and bond.
Production.
The opening sequence of the episode begins with the opening notes of the "Futurama" theme in place of usual theme, with the Planet Express ship flying across the screen. "Futurama" is another animated series created by Matt Groening, and was officially renewed for a seventh season the same week the episode aired.
At the closing of the credits, there is a dedication "To the Memory of Elizabeth Taylor" beneath a picture of Maggie Simpson. Taylor voiced Maggie's first word, "Daddy", in the fourth season episode "Lisa's First Word".
Reception.
In its original American broadcast, "Love is a Many Strangled Thing" was viewed by an estimated 6.14 million households, with a 2.8 Nielsen rating and 8% share of the audience between the ages of 18 and 49.
This marked a slight rise in the ratings from the previous episode, "A Midsummer's Nice Dream".
"The A.V. Club" writer Rowan Kaiser called the episode "solid" commenting that "There was just a consistent stream of amusing lines, steadily increasing in frequency, until I realized that I'd been chuckling essentially from the start of the second act until the end of the fourth". He ultimately gave the episode a B+, the lowest grade of the night after "American Dad" and "Bob's Burgers".
Cultural references.
The episode title is a pun on the song "Love is a Many-Splendored Thing" based on the Academy Award winning film.
Homer has a dream with three pop culture references to parental abuse in the media, but Homer is the abused victim and Bart is the abuser:
When the dream finishes Homer exclaims "No, no Star Wars parodies!", a nod to done by the Simpsons' fellow FOX animation Family Guy.
In the Springfield Atoms game the stadium makes a reference to Cowboys Stadium.
Before Homer tries to shoot Mr Burns, he makes reference to the rituals performed by Private Jackson from 'Saving Private Ryan' before he takes a shot.
The Alice Cooper song "No More, Mr. Nice Guy" is playing as Homer first starts to get strangled. When the screen shows the words, "Got urine?", it makes a reference to "got milk?"

</doc>
<doc id="31114621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114621" title="The Ned-Liest Catch">
The Ned-Liest Catch

"The Ned-Liest Catch" is the twenty-second episode and season finale of the twenty-second season of "The Simpsons". It aired on Fox in the United States on May 22, 2011. This is the second season finale to end on a cliffhanger, with the first being "Who Shot Mr. Burns?" from the sixth season. It is the third episode and the second one from season 22 (the other being the "The Great Simpsina") to have no opening credits, blackboard or couch gag.
Plot.
Edna Krabappel is suspended from teaching by Superintendent Chalmers after Bart pulls a prank that leads Edna to slap him in the back of the head. Chalmers tells Edna she is suspended with full pay, but will have to report to a rubber room where teachers spend agonizing days waiting until their fates are decided. Bart feels guilty about his behavior and helps Edna escape detention. When she uses a ladder outside the window to leave the building, it collapses but Ned Flanders winds up catching and saving her.
Ned and Edna start dating, and Edna is on top of the world when she learns she can return to teaching as long as she also does some weekend work as a prison guard. Fed up with Homer and Bart's attitudes towards Edna and Ned's romance, Marge shames Homer into putting in some good words about Edna with Ned. However, Homer then makes a reference to Edna's extensive dating history, and Ned is surprised that she has been with many of Springfield's men, including Aerosmith drummer Joey Kramer. Ned runs away in horror from Edna, and Homer has to endure Ned giving him the silent treatment until he makes some points that make Ned think. Ned then tells Edna he forgives her past, but Edna angrily tells him off by saying that she is not sorry about her past and does not want or need his approval - she only wants to date him again. She then tells him that, if they are going to stay together, her past must never get in their way. Ned gasps and says "I guess this is gonna have to be decided... by a higher power." As soon as he says this, the image of him and Edna freezes and zooms out and Homer and Marge walk on screen.
The episode and the season ends on a cliffhanger with Homer and Marge giving a link to TheSimpsons.com and encouraging viewers to vote on whether Ned and Edna should stay together. The results were revealed during the first episode of the 23rd season, making this the second cliffhanger episode of "The Simpsons".
Production.
On "The Simpsons", when characters become couples, they usually break up at the end of the episodes. Executive producer Al Jean said in an interview that the writers decided it would not be interesting for them to do another episode where a relationship ended, and they thought it would be interesting "to see what people think, [...] the Internet certainly has a lot of opinion on the show, might as well have them have their say." When asked why the writers thought Ned and Edna were the right characters for a cliffhanger like this, Jean said that "In life, unusual things happen. People couple together in ways you would not expect, and he's single and she's single. We thought it would be funny, the fact that they both have these connections to the Simpsons but they never really met or if they have met it was minimal."
Reception.
In its original American broadcast, "The Ned-Liest Catch" was viewed by an estimated 5.25 million households and received a 2.5 rating/7% share among adults between the ages of 18 and 49. The episode stayed even with the ratings from the previous episode, "500 Keys".
Reruns.
Reruns have features an alternate version of the episode's credits, which feature Marge saying that if the viewer is watching in reruns or on a DVD, it's too late to vote. Homer then insults the show's viewers: "Fans like you we don't need." Marge corrects him, saying there is plenty for the fans to check out on TheSimpsons.com (unless there's no more Internet). "Put the next DVD in the machine ... and find out how the once great human race voted about a teacher dating a neighbor."
Following the October 2013 death of Marcia Wallace, Fox paid tribute to her with a re-broadcast of "The Ned-Liest Catch" preceding the premiere of "Four Regrettings and a Funeral"; the latter's chalkboard gag consisted of a single "We'll really miss you Mrs. K".

</doc>
<doc id="31114628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114628" title="Ola (album)">
Ola (album)

Ola is the third album released by Swedish pop singer Ola.
It was released in Sweden in September 2010, and debuted at #3 in the official Swedish album chart. It is the first release on Ola's own label Oliniho Records, after buying himself out of his deal with Universal Music. It spawned three hit singles, "Unstoppable", "Overdrive" and "All Over The World", which was Ola's first international single release. The similarity between "All Over The World" and "Somebody To Love" by Justin Bieber is often noted, but believed to be coincidence, as the two were released at the same time.
The album also contained a track, "Let It Hit You", composed by Ola with regular collaborator Alexander Kronlund and British artist Labrinth.

</doc>
<doc id="31114631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114631" title="The Falcon and the D'ohman">
The Falcon and the D'ohman

"The Falcon and the D'ohman" is the season premiere of the twenty-third season of the animated sitcom "The Simpsons". It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on September 25, 2011. In the episode, the Springfield Nuclear Power Plant hires a new security guard named Wayne and Homer soon becomes friends with him. "The Falcon and the D'ohman" also reveals the fate of the relationship between the characters Ned Flanders and Edna Krabappel that was initiated in the previous episode of the series, "The Ned-Liest Catch", that aired in May 2011.
Actor Kiefer Sutherland guest starred in the episode as the voice of Wayne. This was the third time he appeared on "The Simpsons". The episode also features a guest appearance by American chef and "Top Chef" judge Tom Colicchio as himself in a segment in which Marge dreams about being a contestant in a show similar to "Top Chef". "The Falcon and the D'ohman" has received mixed reviews from television critics, with criticism directed at the plot and the cultural references featured. However, a reference in the episode to the computer animated re-enactments of news stories done by the Taiwan-based Next Media Animation has been particularly praised.
Background.
"The Falcon and the D'ohman" features a reference to the previous episode of the series, the twenty-second season finale "The Ned-Liest Catch" that aired on May 22, 2011. In that episode, the characters Ned Flanders and Edna Krabappel start dating. The episode ends with Homer and Marge Simpson giving viewers a link to the official "The Simpsons" website, TheSimpsons.com, and encouraging them to go on the website and vote over the 2011 summer on whether Ned and Edna should stay together. The result of the poll was revealed in "The Falcon and the D'ohman"—a majority had voted for the couple to remain in a relationship. According to executive producer Al Jean, the poll was "very strong in one direction." In an interview before the result was presented, Jean guaranteed that the poll was authentic and that the writers would not undo the viewers' decision, adding "What our fans have joined together, let no writer tear asunder."
Plot.
Comic Book Guy opens the season premiere by telling the viewers that there will be hints in the episode as to the conclusion of the romance between Ned and Edna. After the revised introduction, where Homer sneaks late into work and marks up his time card to make it seem like he was on time and had put in some overtime hours, Homer is surprised to find that a new security guard named Wayne has been hired at the Springfield Nuclear Power Plant. He repeatedly tries to befriend Wayne, only to be coldly shunned at every attempt. Meanwhile, while making crackers for Bart and Lisa, Marge daydreams that she has become a contestant on a cooking show called "Master Chef". The show is judged by Tom Colicchio and he praises her crackers, awarding her the prize of a new kitchen. However, when Marge stops daydreaming and gives the crackers to her children, they tell her they do not like them because they do not like change.
One day while Wayne is walking home in the rain and hail, Homer sees Wayne and he reluctantly agrees to let Homer drive him to Moe's Tavern for a drink. While Wayne is in the bathroom, Snake Jailbird dramatically crashes through the door on his motorcycle to rob everyone. As soon as Wayne comes out, he soundly beats up Snake. The story spreads quickly and a news segment that features an interview with Wayne by Kent Brockman and a computer animated Taiwanese dramatization of the incident soon airs on television. It is discovered that Wayne is a highly trained former CIA black ops agent, who decided to go into hiding in Springfield. He is plagued by recurring flashbacks from his previous missions, which cause him to act or shout them out, as evidenced when he unintentionally attacks Mr. Burns, the boss of the power plant, which results in Wayne being fired.
Homer allows Wayne to stay in Bart's treehouse because Wayne can no longer afford his apartment. One night, Wayne speaks loudly about a past mission in his sleep, causing the couples in the nearby houses to lose sleep. Ned and Edna are one of these couples, and they are shown holding each other in bed. News of what happened to Mr. Burns is leaked onto YouTube and is seen by one of Wayne's gangster enemies, Viktor, in Kiev, Ukraine. Apparently, Wayne accidentally killed Viktor's wife with a stray bullet on a previous mission. Thus, the Ukrainian gangster and his henchmen kidnap and torture Homer as bait to lure Wayne. Wayne tracks Homer down through tracking devices he unknowingly ate, frees him and kills all of the Ukrainian gangsters. Afterwards, Wayne decides to leave Springfield, but not before giving Homer the fist pound Homer wanted when they first met. However, Marge suggests that Wayne get a job at the Springfield Department of Motor Vehicles (DMV), and he does. At the DMV, he has a flashback to the time he was a prisoner in North Korea and was forced to write a ridiculous musical play paying tribute to Kim Jong-il. During the closing credits of the episode, Ned and Edna thank the fans for voting for their relationship to continue.
Production.
"The Falcon and the D'ohman" was written by Justin Hurwitz and directed by Matthew Nastuk. The storyline of the episode resembles David Cronenberg's film "A History of Violence". "The Falcon and the D'ohman" features several references to popular culture. For example, in a sequence at the beginning of the episode, Homer sings about working at the power plant to the melody of The Police's song "Walking on the Moon". According to Chris Ledesma, music editor on "The Simpsons", the staff was "very fortunate to have obtained the original master tracks from The Police without vocals. This is a rare instance. When we need to do our own lyrics to an established hit song, Alf Clausen usually arranges and records a 'sound-alike' that tries to capture all the spirit and nuance of the original so that the audience immediately identifies the track, but allows us to add our own vocals." The episode also made frequent use of the sequence "Dance of the Knights" from the ballet "Romeo and Juliet" by Sergei Prokofiev. The sequence had to be licensed, as it was under copyright in most parts of the world.
Another cultural reference appears in one of Wayne's flashbacks, in which he is seen receiving special training against enemies such as Chucky of the "Child's Play" film series and basketball player Kobe Bryant. The Taiwanese dramatization of Wayne's fight with Snake at Moe's Tavern parodies the humorous computer animated re-enactments of news stories done by the Taiwan-based Next Media Animation. One YouTube clip that Viktor sees is a reference to The Gregory Brothers, the creators of the popular online "Auto-Tune the News" series, in that a news segment featuring a lady who has lost her cat has been autotuned into a song. Marge's dream of becoming a contestant in a cooking competition parodies the American reality competition series "Top Chef". American chef Tom Colicchio, who is a judge on that show, guest starred in "The Falcon and the D'ohman" as himself.
Canadian actor Kiefer Sutherland guest starred in "The Falcon and the D'ohman" as the security guard Wayne. This was the third episode of "The Simpsons" that he appeared in, the first being the 2006 episode "G.I. (Annoyed Grunt)" (playing a colonel) and the second being the 2007 episode "24 Minutes" (playing his character Jack Bauer from the television series "24"). As noted by Rick Porter of the website Zap2it, Sutherland's appearance in "The Falcon and the D'ohman" makes him "one of the relatively few "Simpsons" guest stars who've appeared more than once and voiced different characters rather than recurring residents of Springfield." Other guest stars to have done this are Albert Brooks, Jon Lovitz, and Phil Hartman, all of whom have played one-time characters and recurring parts. The character Wayne is partly based on Sutherland's "24" character Jack Bauer, who, according to Christopher Hooton of "Metro", is also a "po-faced anti-terrorism agent constantly finding his loved ones kidnapped by megalomaniacs." After the episode had aired in the United States, the Ukrainian press reported that the mafioso Viktor bears a resemblance to the Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych.
Release.
The episode originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on September 25, 2011, as the premiere of the twenty-third season of "The Simpsons". It was watched by approximately 8.08 million people during this broadcast. It received a 3.9 Nielsen rating in the demographic for adults aged 18–49 (up three percent from the last season's premiere), and a ten percent share. "The Simpsons" became the second highest-rated program in the 18–49 demographic in Fox's Animation Domination lineup that night, finishing with a higher rating than "The Cleveland Show" and "American Dad!" but a lower rating than "Family Guy". "The Simpsons" was, however, the most-watched show in the lineup in terms of total viewers.
Critical reception.
Since airing, "The Falcon and the D'ohman" has received mixed reviews from critics. The plot of the episode has been criticized by some reviewers. Kyle Lemmon of "Under the Radar" gave the episode a three out of ten rating, concluding that "this new episode is rarely grounded in any kind of reality. The best examples of "The Simpsons" center the situational humor in somewhat plausible scenarios within the town. I guess after so many years, they've completely run out of ideas." Similarly, Television Blend's Jesse Carp wrote that the plot shows "essentially what is wrong with the show and why I stopped watching. Because of the endless amount of material needed to keep a series running for twenty three years, they have to resort to outlandish plots and endless cameos to stay interesting. The best episodes, ... definitely have some absurd elements but they're all firmly grounded in a fairly real world of Springfield, USA and its colorful cast of characters. I'd like to see more of that. I miss them."
The cultural references featured in the episode have attracted both criticism and praise. The parody of Next Media Animation has been commended by several reviewers. Hayden Childs of "The A.V. Club" commented that the episode "features a couple of quite funny sight gags, like the fresco on Moe's ceiling and the delightful Taiwanese dramatization of certain events", but further wrote that the "rest of the jokes and references clang away without being too funny or too insulting, and that is probably the best that any viewers can ask of "The Simpsons" in its advanced age." Television Blend's Steve West commented that the episode was the worst of the Animation Domination lineup that week and further elaborated that the cultural references "are always a year behind, and the smart writers who used classic American culture to bring wit to the series have been replaced by those who want to mimic "South Park" and "Family Guy". They fail miserably, and it's gotten so bad that I now no longer care about the relationship between Marge and Homer."
Matt Roush of "TV Guide" wrote more positively about the episode, noting that "Fox's eternal "The Simpsons" kicks off a night of all-new animation, welcoming Kiefer Sutherland in a very clever guest role as a security guard trying without much success to escape his violent past. A nod to Taiwanese animation is just one of the highlights in this homage to "24"-style mayhem." Similarly, Umika Pidaparthy of CNN's The Marquee Blog commented that "there were a lot of light laughs in this episode, like when Wayne walks through the Ukrainian part of Springfield (Tsarbucks, anyone?). Pop culture references like the Taiwanese animation of the robbery were hilarious. I was disappointed, though, to see that Marge's daydream about being on "Top Chef" didn't become a side story." Mike Hughes of the "Lansing State Journal" commented that the episode was "inconsistent, but great moments", and that it was "much better than Fox's other season-openers" that premiered on the same day.

</doc>
<doc id="31114633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114633" title="Bart Stops to Smell the Roosevelts">
Bart Stops to Smell the Roosevelts

"Bart Stops to Smell the Roosevelts" is the second episode of the twenty-third season of the animated comedy series "The Simpsons". It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on October 2, 2011. The episode was the first to feature Superintendent Chalmers as the central character and Chalmers' flashbacks references the films "The Breakfast Club" and "Fight Club". In the episode, Principal Skinner challenges Superintendent Chalmers to take over Bart's education after one of his pranks. Chalmers accepts and starts teaching Bart about Theodore Roosevelt and manliness. After he takes Bart and his friends on an unauthorized field trip which results in one of the children breaking an arm, Chalmers is fired. Bart and his friends then take over the school in an effort to save his job.
The episode was written by Tim Long, directed by Steven Dean Moore, and features the voice of Theodore Roosevelt through archive recordings. The opening sequence was guest directed by Canadian animator John Kricfalusi, who previously created the animated television show, "The Ren & Stimpy Show". In its original American broadcast, it was viewed by approximately 6.19 million people. The show overall received positive reviews for the story. Special praise was given to the guest directed opening sequence by Kricfalusi.
Plot.
Springfield Elementary School is hosting a fundraiser auction and invites all the families with children in their classes, including the Simpson family. Every item in the auction is sold to an English widow named Edith Knickertwist, who is bidding over the phone. When the auction is over, Bart reveals that he was the real Mrs. Knickertwist and that there is no money for the school. Frustrated over Bart's latest prank and pressured by his supervisor Superintendent Chalmers, Principal Skinner challenges Chalmers to take over Bart's education. Chalmers accepts and immediately gives Bart his own lesson plan, which primarily consists of former U.S. president Theodore Roosevelt. He makes Bart interested in the subject by talking about Roosevelt's heroic and rebellious nature. Classmates Milhouse, Nelson, Jimbo, Kearney and Dolph soon join Bart in his education.
With the success of his lessons, Chalmers plans to take them all on a field trip to Springfield Forest, in which Roosevelt left one of his spectacles. The field trip does not go well, however, as Nelson breaks his arm when he tries to reach for the spectacles. Since it was an unauthorized field trip, Nelson's mother threatens to sue the school for medical expenses, which leads to Chalmers getting fired. In order to save Chalmers' job, Bart and his friends, who now go by the name "The Brotherhood of the Spectacles", take over the school in a hostage situation and stand up for the teacher who made a meaningful impact to them. They lock all of the teachers out of the school and demand that Chalmers get reinstated. A SWAT team prepares to storm the school, before Chalmers walks up to convince Bart to stop. Luckily, Chief Wiggum accidentally drops his gun, knee-capping the school representative State Comptroller Atkins, who thereafter agrees to reinstate Chalmers because they can recover the money lost in the previous lawsuit with a new lawsuit against the police department.
Production.
"Bart Stops to Smell the Roosevelts" was written by Tim Long and directed by Steven Dean Moore. The episode features former American President Theodore Roosevelt with the use of archival audio recordings. The use of Roosevelt's voice was first announced at the San Diego Comic-Con International in San Diego, California, on July 23, 2011. Showrunner Al Jean revealed to the press that "we staff have actual audio of Roosevelt (taken from a speech circa 1918) in the show. I thought, 'Finally! We can put a president in the show.' And a good one too. We're going to give him a little credit at the end."
Even though Superintendent Chalmers was first introduced in the season four episode "Whacking Day", the character had never been a central part to an episode. This episode marks the first time in which the entire episode follows Chalmers. In Chalmers' flashback from his teaching days, the scene looks like the library of Shermer High School from the film "The Breakfast Club" from 1985. The students however refer to the club as "Fight Club".
Opening sequence.
Canadian animator and creator of "The Ren & Stimpy Show", John Kricfalusi, guest animated the couch gag for the episode. This was the second time "The Simpsons" had chosen a guest director for its opening sequence, following the previous season's episode "MoneyBART", which was guest directed by British graffiti artist and political activist Banksy. Previously, Kricfalusi had criticized "The Simpsons" staff in the show's early years by saying that "the show succeeded despite the writing" and similarly derogatory comments. The producers responded with the fourth season episode "The Front" (1993), in which "The Ren & Stimpy Show" is nominated for a cartoon award. During the award ceremony, the clip from the nominated episode is merely a black screen with the text "Clip not done yet", a comment on the slow production time of the show. The show was mentioned again in the season six episode "Another Simpsons Clip Show" (1994), when Lisa claims that "Ren & Stimpy" recycles animation to make new episodes, while referencing Itchy & Scratchy's habit of doing the same. Despite this, Kricfalusi changed his tone in an interview with Aaron Simpson in 2007 and claimed that "The Simpsons" made it easier to do more edgy work: "Well it started with Bakshi’s "" and Pee Wee Herman. Those were kid shows, but with layers of perversion in them. Then "The Simpsons" came along and did edgy material in prime time cartoons."
After the positive response to the opening sequence by Banksy, creator Matt Groening and Jean came to Kricfalusi and asked him if he could do something similar. Originally, they only wanted him to do the storyboards and then let their regular crew animate it, but Kricfalusi insisted on doing the animation himself, explaining that "If we had done it that way, no one would even have known that I had anything to do with it because it would have ended up on model and all pose to pose". On "The Simpsons", the animators draw key poses and then let tweeners interpolate between those poses. The interpolation however, is a straight a to b animation. That way the animation ends up having the characters just going from pose to pose. Kricfalusi explains that on "The Simpsons" he "wanted to try moving the characters in crazy fun ways, not just looking funny each time they come to a stop", and further elaborated "that the way things happened was even more important than what was happening in my work. You can’t write visual performance. You have to actually draw it."
He showed Groening and Jean his Adult Swim shorts and Groening responded by giving him free hands to do the 35-second-long segment. Groening told him to break all "The Simpsons" rules, but Kricfalusi explains that he "tried not to break any rules in the characters’ personalities, just in the execution of the visuals. I didn’t follow any models—not even my own". The more rules he broke, the more pleased Groening and Jean were with the result. Contrary to Banksy, who lives a life in secrecy, Kricfalusi was involved in every detail and even oversaw the dubbing of the final soundtrack. While Kricfalusi animated the 2D parts, he had John Kedzie to help him with the computer graphics and Sarah Harkey and Tommy Tanner to do the assistant animation.
In an interview by Neil Bennett from "Digital Arts Magazine", Kricfalusi revealed that he would have taken a different approach to the animation if he were to animate the entire episode. Primarily, the animation would be slower paced than it was in the 35-second-long segment. The couch gag was done at a faster pace so he was able to include all of his ideas. Kricfalusi explains that "I did a whole episode, I would definitely keep on experimenting with the way they move and the acting. I'm sure I would do of my trademark long scenes of two characters interacting with each other without a cut. I would want to do more stuff with Marge. I loved animating her and was inspired by the way the Fleischers animated Olive Oyl. I couldn't animate a whole half hour myself, so I would hire other animators (and designers, painters, etc) with strong styles and cast them according to which parts of the story would best take advantage of their individual talent."
Release.
The episode originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on October 2, 2011. It was watched by approximately 6.19 million people during this broadcast. The show received a 3.0 Nielsen rating in the demographic for adults aged 18–49, which was a 23% drop from the season premiere episode, and an eight percent audience share. "The Simpsons" became the second highest-rated program in Fox's Animation Domination lineup that night in terms of total viewers and in the 18–49 demographic, finishing with a higher rating than "The Cleveland Show" and "American Dad!", but a lower rating than "Family Guy". These three other animated shows were part of a crossover event, called "Night of the Hurricane", in which they shared the same storyline. For the week of September 26 – October 2, 2011, "Bart Stops to Smell the Roosevelts" tied for 29th place in the ratings among all network prime-time broadcasts in the 18–49 demographic.
Since airing, "Bart Stops to Smell the Roosevelts" has been well received by television critics. Hayden Childs of "The A.V. Club" gave this episode a "B" rating and commented that ""The Simpsons" episodes that strive to have a little heart without going overboard are generally going to work better than the random-gag episodes, at least at this point in the storied history of "The Simpsons", and 'Bart Stops To Smell The Roosevelts' has enough wee little heart to see this episode through", but further wrote that "there were a number of jokes that didn't work, Milhouse's final scene in particular, but the episode had a steady stream of gags to push through the lean times. And that's all we can ask for." Ology's Josh Harrison was also positive and gave the episode a rating of seven out of ten, while commenting that he "thought this was a definite downgrade from the season premiere in terms of sheer comedic value, but the sincerity of Bart's educational experience, combined with the enthusiasm of his mad quest for justice, definitely made this one a winner."
The couch gag for the episode was critically acclaimed by television critics. Amid Amidi of Cartoon Brew called the opening revolutionary and explained that "in 35 short and sweet seconds, he liberates the animation of "The Simpsons" from years of graphic banality." He continued: "The visual look of the show, which has been so carefully controlled by its producers, becomes a giddy and unrestrained playground for graphic play, and the balance of creative authority is shifted from the writers' room to the animators in one fell swoop." When comparing the segment to Banksy's, Amidi concluded that it is "in fact, far more subversive because he focuses almost exclusively on making a pictorial statement, relegating the show's dominant literary elements to the back seat." Similarly, Television Blend's Katey Rich wrote that she appreciates ""The Simpsons" always being willing to push the envelope in different ways", but admitted that it would take her "some time to get the gangly-legged Marge Simpson and the leering Homer Simpson out of brain."

</doc>
<doc id="31114638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114638" title="The Food Wife">
The Food Wife

"The Food Wife" is the fifth episode of the twenty-third season of the American animated sitcom "The Simpsons". It originally aired on Fox in the United States on November 13, 2011, and was seen by around 7.5 million people during this broadcast. In the episode, Homer feels left out when Marge, Bart, and Lisa join a group of foodies. Their personal blog quickly becomes popular and the trio is invited to a molecular gastronomy restaurant. Feeling pity towards Homer, Marge invites him along. However, after beginning to worry that he will reclaim his position as the parent perceived as the most fun by the children, she sends him to the wrong address. Homer unknowingly arrives at a meth lab, where a gunfight starts as the police burst in.
The episode was written by Matt Selman. It contains several references to different foods and famous chefs, and is largely devoted to the foodie culture, which Selman has said that he "always thought was funny and fascinating. The idea of food as not only something you enjoy eating, but as something that you are so passionate about that you're kind of bragging about it." Tim Heidecker and Eric Wareheim, the stars and creators of "Tim and Eric Awesome Show, Great Job!", guest starred in the episode as two foodies and performed a rap song that makes fun of foodies. Chefs and media personalities Anthony Bourdain, Gordon Ramsay, and Mario Batali also guest starred in the episode, but as themselves in a dream sequence. Although "The Food Wife" has received generally positive reviews from television critics, particularly for the rap song, it has also attracted criticism from certain food critics.
Plot.
Homer takes his children, Bart and Lisa, to a video game convention for another fun Saturday. Upon their return home, Marge feels upset that Homer gets to be the "fun dad", while she is stuck doing unexciting things with the children, not helped by Homer stating that's how it should be. Next Saturday, she decides to take Bart and Lisa to an "X-Games" convention, thinking it will be something fun. However, when they arrive, they are disappointed to find out that it is a Christian event, and the actual name of the convention is "† (Cross) Games". The car engine dies on the way back and they are forced to stop in the neighborhood of Little Ethiopia, where the three go into a restaurant serving Ethiopian food. Although initially averse to the exotic food, Marge is reminded of the fact that she wants to be a fun mom and therefore asks for the most authentic dish on the menu for her and her children. All three of them enjoy the food. At the restaurant, Marge, Bart, and Lisa bump into a group of foodies, who encourage them to start their own food blog, "The Three Mouthketeers". The blog quickly becomes popular and the three spend much time together trying out new food and writing about it. This leaves Homer feeling left out and sad.
When the trio gets an invitation to an exclusive molecular gastronomy restaurant called El Chemistri, Marge invites Homer out of pity. After announcing this to Bart and Lisa, he reclaims his "fun dad" title, leaving Marge worried about losing her new bond with the children. In one of her dreams that night, she and the children are trying out new food together with chef Anthony Bourdain when Homer jumps in on a hop ball and eats up everything, taking away the children's attention from Marge. Homer, Bart, Lisa, Bourdain, and other famous chefs that have shown up, such as Mario Batali, then jump away from Marge on hop balls, leaving her by herself. Afterwards, Gordon Ramsay appears next to her, using profanity while telling her that she should not have invited Homer. The next day, she deliberately gives Homer the wrong address to the restaurant.
When Marge and the children arrive at El Chemistri, Homer unknowingly arrives at an illegal meth lab that he thinks is the actual restaurant. While the trio eat their meal (deconstructed Caesar salad) with other foodies, Marge feels guilty about misdirecting Homer. Meanwhile, Homer meets the meth dealer and other drug addicts, whom he believes to be food hipsters. Just as he is about to have a taste of the meth (which he thinks is food produced with the help of molecular gastronomy), the police burst in and a gunfight ensues between them and the drug addicts. At El Chemistri, Marge receives a panicked text message from Homer requesting help, and she asks the other foodies to help save her husband. They refuse, so she, Bart, and Lisa head by themselves towards the meth lab after receiving doggie bags from the chef who is angry that they are leaving. After arriving, Marge throws apple pie from her doggie bag into the mouth of the meth dealer. This causes a flashback inside his mind to his childhood days when his mother used to make apple pie. With the help of this distraction, the police subdue him. After Marge apologizes to Homer, they and their children decide to have fun together as a whole family from now on.
Production.
"The Food Wife" was written by executive producer of "The Simpsons" Matt Selman. The writing process began around September 2010. According to Selman, the episode mainly revolves around Homer and Marge competing about who is perceived as the most fun by Bart and Lisa, a situation that he thinks parents can identify with in real-life. The episode also focuses heavily on foodies and food blogs. Selman said in an interview with "New York" magazine's Grub Street publication that the foodie culture is "just a world that I always thought was funny and fascinating. The idea of food as not only something you enjoy eating, but as something that you are so passionate about that you're kind of bragging about it. 'I'm the one who discovered this particular Korean pork-neck soup restaurant,' and you can kind of claim that as yours. The blogging just feeds into that kind of territorial element that I always thought was inherently funny. And when I write "Simpsons" episodes, I try to start with a world I think is funny, and think, 'What's a good story we can tell in that world, using the characters that we have?'"
Describing himself as "sort of a foodie", Selman has said that food is constantly on his mind and that he particularly likes reading food critic Jonathan Gold's reviews in "LA Weekly". He told "LA Weekly"s Squid Ink food blog that he likes foodies, despite making fun of them in "The Food Wife". He commented that on the show, he has often "taken something that I love, found the one little weird, bad thing about it and harped on that", giving foodies as an example and writing: "You can make fun of them for being pretentious or snobby or taking the fun out of eating. That you'd rather photograph something than taste it is a funny nuance of the phenomenon. That it's more about sticking your flag in something than actually enjoying it. We kind of make fun of foodies, but in real life we actually love them."
Selman was pleased with the finished result of the episode. He noted in the interview with Grub Street that Marge starting to blog about food "does not sound inherently exciting, but the episode itself is actually very exciting, and I'm super thrilled with the way it's turned out." Selman thinks a strong thing about the episode is the fact that, despite Homer's love for food, Homer is not the one that becomes a foodie as one might expect. He explained that this is because although Homer loves eating, "he's kind of a blue-collar kind of guy who doesn't like foreign food, weird food, savoring food, intellectualizing food, blogging about it, photographing it – he just wants to be stuffed all the time."
Cultural references.
Selman wanted to include things in the episode that "only really hard-core foodies would have any idea what we were talking about. This was like a love letter to foodie culture." Food references featured in the episode include jokes about sriracha sauce and sous-vide cooking, referrals to chefs Wylie Dufresne, Frank Bruni, and Ruth Reichl, a mention of the soup "phở" from Vietnam and how to pronounce it correctly, and the inclusion of the El Chemistri owner who is based on the Spanish chef José Andrés (known for using molecular gastronomy). Selman has commented that food produced with the help of molecular gastronomy "lends itself to comedy quite nicely. There’s a dish El Chemistri, for instance, called Regret. The waiter cries into your soup when he serves it. The human tear is the final ingredient." The fictional character Swedish Chef is also seen in the episode, and the scene where the meth dealer is reminded of his childhood after eating the apple pie is a reference to the Pixar film "Ratatouille".
In addition to the foodie culture, "The Food Wife" parodies the video game industry and references games such as "Assassin's Creed", "God of War", "Half-Life", "Bioshock", "Call of Duty", "Medal of Honor", "Madden NFL", and "Angry Birds". In the episode, Homer, Bart, and Lisa visit a video game convention called the Expensive Electronic Entertainment Expo (E4), which is a reference to the Electronic Entertainment Expo (E3) that is presented annually in the United States by the Entertainment Software Association. This marked the first time that the family visited a video game convention in "The Simpsons". Selman and other staff members on the show had previously visited E3 during the release of "The Simpsons" video games such as "The Simpsons Game". While appearing on "GameTrailers TV with Geoff Keighley" on November 11, 2011, Selman commented that "We've been to so many and we've been pushed around, and knocked around, and seen so many PR guys [talk about how hard it was working on their game. We've seen how expensive the food is, and how nuts it is, and the bloggers, and the photos, and just the noises [...] We had to do it on the show."
In the episode, Homer and his children want to see the unveiling of a new Funtendo console called Zii Zu, which is a reference to Nintendo's Wii U console. As he and the children make their way through the crowded convention to get to the unveiling, the screen turns into a first-person shooter game through the eyes of Homer. He uses Frisbees and a fire extinguisher as weapons to get forward. According to Selman, the inspiration for this came from the fact that "if you've been to E3, you know it's insane, it's super-crowded, it's super-loud, and walking through it feels like a video game, like a nightmarish first-person video game of bloggers and nerds. You just want to get the thing that you want to get to."
Guest appearances.
Tim Heidecker and Eric Wareheim, the stars and creators of the American sketch comedy television series "Tim and Eric Awesome Show, Great Job!", guest starred in the episode as foodies Amus Bruse and Fois Garth, respectively. These two characters are among the foodies that Marge, Bart, and Lisa meet at the Ethiopian restaurant. In the episode, they sing a rap song that according to Selman is "all bragging about how awesome and cool you are as a foodie." It was co-written by the duo, and was inspired by the song "Empire State of Mind". Selman has commented that "In animated TV shows, whenever you're trying to show people having fun doing their new thing this case, Marge and the children creating content for their blog, it just kind of becomes a boring montage. And we've done so many montages on "The Simpsons" over 25 years, it's like, oh God, no more montages. [...] So we were like, 'Why not do a silly rap song?' Rapping is sort of inherently boastful, and there's something about being a foodie that's inherently boastful. It's like the boastfulness links those things. So Tim and Eric perform a food rap song in the show – an extremely silly rap song, and the name is intentionally silly: 'Blogging a Food Blog.'"
American chef Anthony Bourdain guest starred in the episode as himself. Selman wanted him on the show because he is a big fan and he thinks Marge would have a liking for him. Bourdain's appearance was cut short because the episode ended up being too long, and as a result, his "bad boy persona is not fully explored," Selman told Squid Ink. In addition to Bourdain, guest stars in the episode include chefs and media personalities Gordon Ramsay and Mario Batali as themselves. These three all appear in Marge's dream. When asked by Digital Spy about his appearance, Ramsay said that "I grew up watching "The Simpsons" and love that they're foodies," and joked that "For God's sake, I had to promise Marge a spot on "MasterChef" to get on the bloody show!" Selman wishes that he could have given Batali more than one line, but has admitted that "You just can't fit everything into a 21-minute show."
Release.
The episode originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on November 13, 2011. It was watched by approximately 7.5 million people during this broadcast. In the demographic for adults aged 18–49, the episode received a 3.4 Nielsen rating (down five percent from the previous episode) and an eight percent share. "The Simpsons" became the highest-rated program in Fox's Animation Domination lineup that night in terms of both total viewers and in the 18–49 demographic, finishing before new episodes of "Family Guy", "American Dad!", and "Allen Gregory". For the week of November 7–13, "The Food Wife" finished seventeenth in the ratings among all prime-time broadcasts in the 18–49 demographic.
Critical reviews.
Since airing, the episode has received mostly positive reviews from television critics. Ology's Josh Harrison gave it an eight out of ten rating, writing that "You gotta love these "Simpsons" episodes that really get into the heart of a subculture. Diving head-first into the world of foodies and food blogging (after a hilarious geeky pit-stop at a video game expo), 'The Food Wife' shish-kabobs gourmet diehards while highlighting a very real problem between Homer and Marge." He concluded that the episode is "a definite swing for the fences, and I think it hits its mark completely." The scenes at the video game convention were praised by Anthony Severino of Game Revolution as well. He commented that the writers "nailed it. Everything from the massive displays, long lines, and even the look of the Los Angeles Convention Center was spot on. The best was how they portrayed people with 'VIP passes', you know those things that we journalists get, as douches who think they're better than the regulars."
In his review of "The Food Wife", HitFix's Alan Sepinwall commended it for "stay true to the characters. Of course the kids would consider Homer to be the fun dad on those occasions when he's actually making an effort, and of course Marge would feel jealous of this. And if she goes too far in trying to keep this as her special thing, she also recognizes it immediately, feels guilty throughout the meal and then heads off to save the day, complete with a great homage to the climax of "Ratatouille"." Sepinwall also praised the episode for being "packed with great jokes", such as Heidecker and Wareheim's rap song and the scenes at the video game convention where the screen turns into a first-person shooter game. Similarly, Haydens Childs of "The A.V. Club" praised the episode as "funny and well-observed", giving it a B+ grade, and cited the rap song as the highlight of the episode. He also praised Bourdain, Batali, and Ramsay, and stated that he wished Bourdain would have gotten a bigger part in the episode. Childs further wrote that "The best thing about this episode is that it doesn’t try to stuff any outlandish plot mechanics or out-of-character character moments down the viewers’ throats. It sticks to the basics: the family dynamic combined with gentle mocking of a still-current fad. I say 'still-current' because although it is probably true that food blogging is a bit past its expiration date in some cities, I don’t think that it has been overdone everywhere."
Response from food critics.
Reception of "The Food Wife" from food critics has been mixed. Before the episode aired, Robert Sietsema of "The Village Voice" disapproved of it for being outdated. He commented that "this show should have been done, say, two or three years ago, when food blogging was hot. By now, many food bloggers of our acquaintance have out-migrated to paying gigs, and the concept of the food blog has been co-opted by every major media outlet, rendering real food blogs – the old-fashioned kind, where someone stood alone in their kitchen cooking things, or wandered the hinterlands seeking out unique deliciousness – nearly obsolete." Sietsema also criticized the scenes showcasing molecular gastronomy because he thought they were out of date, since molecular gastronomy is, "by now, long past its prime". Chris Shott, a food critic for "Washington City Paper"s Young & Hungry column and blog, wrote negatively about the character that owns El Chemistri and is a parody of José Andrés. He commented that "For one thing, the character seems far more subdued than the kooky, wild-eyed power drill-wielding cook we saw on "Conan" recently. The satire here, involving a deconstructed Caesar salad of foams, gels and airs, is more a riff on molecular gastronomy in general than a send-up of Andrés' over-the-top personality."
Food critic Katharine Shilcutt of the "Houston Press" criticized the episode for giving what she thought was an inaccurate depiction of foodies, as people that are "tacky, snotty, slightly racist, hoarders of food experiences that you gather like rare gems and patronizingly hold over other people's heads." Shilcutt added that she found it upsetting that what she believes to be the moral of the episode is that "Educated, passionate people are elitists. It reduces all the hard work that people put into creating good, honest food into a joke, and not a terribly funny one. There was no balance in the episode between smug, arrogant, obnoxious foodies and those who have a genuine, guileless interest in food and all its important permutations in our lives."
Other food critics have written positively about "The Food Wife". Lesley Balla of "LA Weekly"s Squid Ink blog listed her ten favorite quotes from the episode, placing the entire rap song about foodies and food blogging at the top. She commented that "Plenty of insider jokes at foodies' expense season the episode. So was it as funny to a non-food-world person as it was to someone who could identify each culinary personality in Marge's dream [...]? Safe to say, yes; it is still "The Simpsons", after all. For foodists, the whole episode is entirely quotable — we're sure it will be in the food blogosphere for years to come." Laine Doss, a food blogger for the "Miami New Times" and "New Times Broward-Palm Beach", commented that she "loved Lisa Simpson's list of cutest vegetarians appears on the blog, which included Paul McCartney, Russell Brand, and Edward Cullen." Doss, as well as Elizabeth Gunnison of "Esquire"s Eat Like a Man blog, also commended the rap song.

</doc>
<doc id="31114644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114644" title="The Book Job">
The Book Job

"The Book Job" is the sixth episode of the twenty-third season of the American animated sitcom "The Simpsons". It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on November 20, 2011. In the episode, Lisa is shocked to discover that all popular young-adult novels are conceived by book publishing executives through use of market research and ghostwriters to make money. When Homer hears this, he decides to get rich by starting work on a fantasy novel about trolls together with Bart, Principal Skinner, Patty, Moe, Professor Frink, and author Neil Gaiman. Lisa, who does not think writing should be about money, decides to write a novel on her own. However, she is constantly distracted by other things and fails to make any progress on it. After selling their novel to a book publishing executive, the group members later discover that the executive has replaced the trolls with vampires because vampires are more popular. In an attempt to replace this new version with the old before the novel goes into print, they break into the book publishing company's headquarters. 
The episode was written by freelancer Dan Vebber, though "The Simpsons" executive producer Matt Selman received the idea for it. His inspiration came from a magazine article he had read about the book packaging company Alloy Entertainment and its use of ghostwriters. In addition, the episode was inspired by the "Ocean's Trilogy", a film series about a group of criminals that heist casinos, and features many elements from it. Actor Andy García, who appears in that series as a casino owner, guest starred in "The Book Job" as the book publishing executive. The episode was seen by approximately 5.77 million people during its original airing and since then it has received positive reviews from television critics, particularly for its satire of the book publishing industry and for its references to the "Ocean's Trilogy". Gaiman, who provided his voice for the episode, has also been praised for his performance.
Plot.
After watching a dinosaur show at an arena in Springfield, Lisa discovers one of her favorite authors, T. R. Francis, working there in a dinosaur costume. The woman reveals to a shocked Lisa that she is just an actress the book publishing company used for the jacket photos, and that T. R. Francis is a complete fabrication. She further reveals that all popular young-adult book series are conceived by book publishing executives through market research and the use of multiple ghostwriters, just to make more money. When Homer finds out about this, he decides to get rich by group-writing a fantasy novel. He recruits a team consisting of Bart, Principal Skinner, Patty Bouvier, Moe Szyslak, and Professor Frink, all of whom have personal attributes or experiences that will help with writing the book: Skinner knows what teens like, Patty is a fantasy fiction fan, Moe has already published some children's books, and Frink has a computer. Lisa is shocked to find that they are group-writing a book, as she knows the only reason one would do that is to gain money. To show that what they are doing is wrong, she decides to write a novel on her own with a personal story that readers will connect with.
For their novel, the group members decide to take the typical elements from already popular young-adult series. Homer initially suggest that they write about vampires, but Patty notes the fact that there are already so many popular novels out there in that genre. They therefore decide to write about an orphan troll who goes to a magic school located under the Brooklyn Bridge. Fantasy author Neil Gaiman overhears the team talking and offers his help writing the novel; although they allow him to join, he is only given the task of bringing food for them while they are writing. The group members quickly finish the novel, which they name "The Troll Twins of Underbridge Academy", and meet up with a book publishing executive for TweenLit Inc. at a book fair. Although he likes the novel, he dismisses it because it lacks a fake author with an inspirational back story. Meanwhile, Lisa is having a hard time making progress on her book because of constant distractions and quickly becomes saddened after realizing that she will never have her name on a novel. However, Homer approaches her and offers her to be the fake author of "The Troll Twins of Underbridge Academy". Lisa admits defeat and takes the offer. They and the rest of the crew then approach the book publishing executive again, and he decides to buy the novel for a million dollars. As the team is celebrating at Moe's Tavern, they receive an advance copy. They are shocked to discover that the publisher has replaced the troll-aspects of the story with vampires, renaming the novel "The Vampire Twins of Transylvania Prep", because market testing showed that vampires are more popular than trolls. 
The team breaks into TweenLit Inc.'s headquarters, planning to replace the new novel with their old version before the mass printing begins. However, when they reach the printing room, the book publishing executive shows up with a group of armed men. He reveals that someone tipped him off about their plan, just as Lisa appears letting them know it was her because she wants her name on a book that will actually be popular. The executive types in the password in the printing machine and gives Lisa the honor of inserting the USB flash drive with the novel on it. Later, when the saddened members of the group-writing team are walking away from the headquarters, they pass a book store and discover that "The Troll Twins of Underbridge Academy" is being put on the stands. Lisa shows up again, letting them know that she only pretended to betray them so that the publisher would type in the password. When Lisa gave Bart a hug, she replaced the executive's flash drive with Bart's flash drive that contained the troll novel. As a result, she was able to put the original version into print. Lisa is happy to know that her name is finally on a book; however, when she opens a copy, she discovers that Gaiman is listed as the author, not her. It turns out that there were three flash drives and that Gaiman heisted his way to the best-seller list "once again" despite being illiterate. During the credits, it is revealed that Moe was aware of Gaiman's scheme, and was in fact allied with him from the start. The two celebrate with a toast at Shelbyville Beach, but Gaiman double-crosses Moe and poisons his drink.
Production.
Freelance writer Dan Vebber, who is known for his work on the animated series "Futurama", wrote "The Book Job" with contributions from the staff writers on "The Simpsons". Matt Selman, an executive producer and writer on "The Simpsons", was the one who conceived of the idea behind the episode. He was inspired by an article in "The New Yorker" about the book packaging company Alloy Entertainment—the publisher of series such as "Gossip Girl" and "Vampire Diaries"—and the company's use of ghostwriters. According to Selman, the article "was all about how these executives take market research and come up with the ideas for these books and farms them out and slaps the name of fake writers on them and fabricates backgrounds for these authors who don’t exist. We took that trend and kind of blew it up and shoved it in the face of Lisa". 
Selman told the "Los Angeles Times" that the episode praises collaborative writing, and answers the question of whether or not writing in a group is as valuable as writing alone. He commented: "I've been with "The Simpsons" for 15 years and it's been pretty much writing as a team. We’re proud of what we've done even if it's not the traditional idea of one writer sitting down with a passion and a vision. In a strange way this episode ends up as a defense of writing in a group and celebrating the way it makes you feel connected to the work and to the people in that group in ways you didn't expect. It's all about a writers room ... and you know, in the story, Homer's cynical heist team does end up being "incredibly productive"." The episode features several references to literature and parodies several popular young-adult book series, particularly "Twilight", a vampire-themed fantasy book series by Stephenie Meyer that has received much popularity. While chasing T. R. Francis through the stadium where the dinosaur show took place, Lisa passes a bathroom in which a group of dinosaurs are smoking in reference to a "Far Side" comic of dinosaurs smoking. The dinosaur show itself, "Sitting with Dinosaurs", is based on the live "Walking with Dinosaurs" show. 
In addition to literature, the episode spoofs the "Ocean's Trilogy", a film series about a group of criminals that heist casinos. Selman revealed to "Entertainment Weekly" in January 2011 that the episode is essentially about "Homer and some people in Springfield havto perpetrate an "Ocean's Eleven"–style heist in the non-"Ocean's Eleven" world of children’s fantasy book publishing." Throughout the episode as the story progresses, title cards with titles such as "The Crew", "The Setup", "The Heist", and "The Payday" appear. During these title cards, which last for about three to four seconds each, a version of the song "Gritty Shaker" by David Holmes is heard. This song was played for approximately three minutes during a scene in "Ocean's Eleven". On his blog, "The Simpsons" music editor Chris Ledesma wrote that Selman wanted "Gritty Shaker" to be played repeatedly throughout "The Book Job" because he erroneously thought that was how it was done in film. During the heist of TweenLit Inc.'s headquarters, the screen splits in several ways, showing the different team members making their way to the printing room. According to Selman, "the set-up and feel [of the episode is a real creative departure for us. It's sort of a heist movie where the heist is writing a book but when that kicks in, there's a giant stylistic leap. It's also a little sillier, a little more stylistic than most episodes. We're coming up on 500 episodes, but really, this is the kind of episode a show would only do if hadn't already had a couple hundred episodes." Cuban American actor Andy García, who appeared in the "Ocean's Trilogy" as casino owner Terry Benedict, guest starred in "The Book Job" as the book publishing executive. At the end of January 2011, the recording of his performance took place. 
English fantasy author Neil Gaiman guest starred in the episode as himself, helping Homer and the others write the book. He recorded his lines in January 2011 in Los Angeles, California under the direction of Selman. Gaiman has said that when he first agreed to guest star, he assumed he would only be getting a brief appearance, popping up for a few seconds. He told the press that "when they actually sent me the script and I started to read it and discovered that I was in it all the way through and was actually having to act and that stuff happened, it was enormously fun." Gaiman also noted that he does not think the episode gives an entirely accurate portrayal of him, commenting: "Truthfully, the real-life me almost never hangs around in Barnes & Noble-like bookstores waiting to find groups of local townsfolk who've decided to write pseudonymous young adult fantasy series, offering my services. And even if I did, I probably wouldn't be doing the catering." On his official Tumblr page, Gaiman noted that while he did not have much input on the story, he got to improvise while recording and gave suggestions on how to make his dialogue sound as close to something he might actually say in real life.
Release.
"The Book Job" originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on November 20, 2011. It was watched by approximately 5.77 million people during this broadcast. In the demographic for adults aged 18–49, the episode received a 2.7 Nielsen rating (down twenty-one percent from the previous episode) and a seven percent share. "The Simpsons" became the second highest-rated program in Fox's Animation Domination lineup that night in terms of total viewers and in the 18–49 demographic, finishing with a higher rating than "Allen Gregory" and "American Dad!", but a lower rating than "Family Guy".
Reception.
Since airing, "The Book Job" has received positive reviews from critics. Josh Harrison of Ology named it one the season's strongest episodes so far, praising it for featuring "a brilliant appearance by author [...] Neil Gaiman and a slick "Ocean's Eleven" aesthetic". AOL TV's Jason Hughes applauded the uncommon structuring of the episode, writing: "So why was this episode so much more fun than usual? We think it has to do with the format and the playfulness in the presentation. After two decades, it pays to shake things up and give us a completely fresh look at the show. Even the team created some new combinations from the massive Springfield citizenry. Maybe they should consider doing that more often." Hayden Childs of "The A.V. Club" praised the episode as "entertaining and successful", commenting that "element of surprise is the key here, and "The Simpsons" did something quite surprising tonight, combining a parody of heist movies with a sharp satirical look at book mill publishing. With the successful guest appearances by both Neil Gaiman and Andy García, this episode delivered an increasingly rare treat for "Simpsons" fans: a well-written and well-acted half-hour that gets better and funnier as it goes." Childs did, however, criticize the "split screens of various heist-style shenanigans" as the "least amusing part of the episode." He noted that while "the rest of the gags have some thrust to them, cross the line into cute pandering to the audience. Fortunately, they are over in about ten seconds."
Michael Cavna of "The Washington Post" wrote positively about the episode, commenting that from "the one-liners of the episode’s dinosaur-show opening (reminding that a prime-time 'fossil' like "The Simpsons" still has sharp comedic bicuspids) to the final trick up 'Neil Gaiman’s' dark sleeve, 'The Book Job' is worthy of the show’s DVD wall of fame." Cavna particularly praised the episode for being based on real-life publishing, noting how Selman drew inspiration from the article on Alloy Entertainment. He also commended the parodies of the "Ocean's Trilogy" and "Far Side", and Gaimain's guest appearance. Cavna wrote that "Gaiman’s role is so much more than mere walk-on. Like the show’s very best guest voice performances, here Gaiman is called upon to lend true dimension to the episode." Similarly, Cyriaque Lamar of io9 wrote that the episode "did justice to Gaiman's guest appearance...in that it made the author look like a total nutcase." He added that "Gaiman gamely depicts himself as a goony spaniel. Sure, Andy García guest-starred too, but Gaiman stole the show." In addition, Lamar praised the episode for several of its gags, including the "Far Side" reference and the disclosures of Patty being able to speak fluent Dothraki and "Twilight" originally revolving around golems.

</doc>
<doc id="31114651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114651" title="The Great Simpsina">
The Great Simpsina

"The Great Simpsina" is the eighteenth episode of "The Simpsons" twenty-second season. It aired on April 10, 2011. It was written by Matt Warburton and directed by Chris Clements. It is the second episode to have no blackboard nor couch gag added on the opening credits, with the first being "Sideshow Bob Roberts" from seventeen years earlier.
Plot.
One day, the Simpsons go peach picking. They come back home with too many peaches, so they eat only recipes with peaches. After a while, all the family except Marge get tired of eating peaches. In an attempt to get rid of the peaches, Homer takes Marge to get a massage. Meanwhile, Bart, Lisa, and Maggie take the peaches to different locations. Bart no longer has his peaches when bullies take over. Lisa is lost in a deserted area. A raccoon chases Lisa inside an illusionist's house. When the illusionist called "The Great Raymondo" finds her, he questions her and teaches her some magic tricks.
Lisa starts presenting magic tricks to the school, and to "The Great Raymondo". Eventually, Raymondo becomes fond of his apprentice and entrusts her with his most shielded secret, the trick of "The Great Milk Can Escape". Lisa presents this act at school and while signing autographs she meets a flattering boy who charms her into explaining the act. Shortly, it is revealed that the boy is the son of rival illusionist "Cregg Demon", and merely used her to steal the secret of the Milk Can act. After Demon states that he is going to present it at his next magic show (he claims that he learned the trick after being met by the ghost of the trick's creator, Harry Houdini), a betrayed Raymondo rejects Lisa's apology and orders her to leave his home. Lisa, saddened with guilt, tries to stop doing magic; however, Homer, saddened by his daughter's melancholy, marches over to Raymondo's mansion to demand he forgive his daughter. After some thinking, Raymondo decides to offer Lisa a chance of redemption by helping him stop Demon from performing the Milk Can act. At the magic show, some other magicians replace the fake milk can with a real one so that Cregg Demon cannot get out. Lisa wants to save him, but no one else does. After a magic battle, Raymondo saves him by making a girder fall onto the magicians, and Cregg Demon quits magic. At the end, Raymondo and Lisa do their act.
Reception.
Ratings.
In its original American broadcast, "The Great Simpsina" was viewed by an estimated 4.996 million households and received a 2.3 rating/7% share among adults between the ages of 18 and 49, marking an eighteen percent drop from the previous episode. The episode is the lowest-rated of the series.
Critical reception.
Eric Hochberger of TV Fanatic gave the episode a rating of 3.8/5.0 stars, writing "From opening, "The Great Simpsina" because a typical Lisa episode of The Simpsons. You know you're in for a clever storyline with plenty of heart, but not so much in the humor department...Overall, the episode was entertaining and flowed nicely throughout, but just lacked the funnier moments I've become accustomed to during this strong season". Rowan Kaiser of The AV Club rated "The Great Simpsina" a B-, the second lowest rating of the Animation Domination block after the C given to The Cleveland Show's Ship'rect. He said "Tonight's episode was an almost Platonic example of the modern Simpsons trying to recreate the glory years and not quite getting there. It has all the ingredients: a weird, irrelevant opening act, an investigation into a quirky aspect of American culture, and a single new character/guest star altering one of the Simpsons' lives temporarily...the jokes generally landed when they were made, and the ending was surprisingly sweet. It was just unfortunately non-essential". 

</doc>
<doc id="31114655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114655" title="Holidays of Future Passed">
Holidays of Future Passed

"Holidays of Future Passed" is the ninth episode of the twenty-third season of the American animated sitcom "The Simpsons". It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on December 11, 2011. Most of the episode is set thirty years into the future, when Bart and Lisa take their children with them to Homer and Marge's house over Christmas, while a pregnant Maggie goes into labor. Bart has divorced his wife Jenda and is struggling to become a better father for his two boys, while Lisa has trouble connecting with her rebellious teenage daughter Zia. "The Simpsons" creator Matt Groening made a minor uncredited cameo appearance as a sports commentator shouting "goal!" during a soccer game. 
Originally written as a potential series finale, the episode has received highly positive reception from television critics who often cited it as the best episode of the season. It has been particularly praised for its humor and for its emotional scenes, such as one where Bart and Lisa sit in their old treehouse and talk about how difficult parenting is. During the original broadcast, "Holidays of Future Passed" was watched by about 6.43 million people. Since then, it has garnered attention in the media for a segment taking place thirty years in the future in which it is implied that the city of Dearborn, Michigan is "still under sharia law". Commentators have had mixed opinions on what the segment is mocking, whether it is the increasing Islamic influence in the US, specifically in Dearborn, or rather those who are thinking that Dearborn is under sharia law in December 2011, the time that the episode aired.
The title is a reference to the Moody Blues album, "Days of Future Passed".
Plot.
After stuffing themselves with turkey on Thanksgiving, it is time to take the annual Christmas card family photo, and when Bart and Lisa complain about it, Marge notes that they will grow to appreciate the photos when they become older and have children of their own. Lisa questions why Marge would assume they will even have children in the first place, and the episode jumps thirty years into the future via a series of Simpsons Christmas cards. The photos finally settle on a future where Bart is a deadbeat, divorced dad with two sons whom he does not see often; Lisa is a successful businesswoman who is married to Milhouse and has a rebellious daughter named Zia; and Maggie is the lead singer of a famous band and in the late stages of pregnancy. In his apartment, Bart is visited by his sons, who inform him that their mother Jenda teleported them to his place because she wants him to act like a proper father by having him spend time with them. However, he plans on dropping them off at his parents' house instead. Meanwhile, Lisa fears that Zia is spending too much of her time going into the "Ultranet", a digital world that people enter with their consciousness by plugging themselves into a laptop. Milhouse suggests to Lisa that she spend time with Zia in order for them to have a better connection, so Lisa decides to take Zia to her parents' house. Meanwhile, Maggie flies home from London to Springfield to celebrate Christmas with her parents. 
When Bart and Lisa arrive at their parents' home, they stay there with their children. Unfortunately for Lisa, she only gets unhelpful advice from Marge on how to be a better parent and Zia continues to go into the Ultranet. Meanwhile, Bart is heartbroken to find out that Jenda has remarried while he has not found anyone new. Feeling depressed, he tells Homer to take his grandsons out. The boys become angry with their father for not spending time with them, but the two have a great time with their grandfather. Bart and Lisa then encounter each other in their old treehouse, where they become slightly drunk and talk about how difficult parenting is. After exchanging inspirational advice, they realize that they need to try harder to connect with their children. Meanwhile, upon arriving in Springfield, Maggie starts experiencing contractions and Kearney, now a taxi driver, drives her to the hospital.
Homer takes Bart's sons to a cryonics facility where Grampa has been frozen alive to prevent a disease from killing him. Although a cure has now been discovered, he is kept frozen by Homer because it is cheaper than paying for a nursing home and because Grampa has constantly been rude to him. Homer says to the boys that they should give their father another chance, since he knows Bart loves them. At that point, Bart arrives and apologizes to his sons, admitting how much he treasures them. Touched, the two boys forgive him for not having included them in his life much, while an inspired Homer decides to unfreeze Grampa and forgive him as well. Meanwhile, Lisa goes into the Ultranet to find Zia and discovers a door leading into Zia's private world. Entering it, Lisa is overjoyed to find that Zia has hung a poster of her next to a series of posters depicting historical women who have made a difference in the world. When Zia arrives, Lisa thanks her for looking up to her and the two reconcile at last, and secretly hides her life as a party poser. With the conflicts resolved, Bart and Lisa gather their children in preparation for a new Christmas family photo. Marge arrives with Maggie, who has given birth to a baby girl. The Simpsons gather into a group just as the family pets (who have evolved greatly over the past thirty years) take the new photo.
Production.
The episode, titled "Holidays of Future Passed", was written by J. Stewart Burns and directed by Rob Oliver. It was first announced to the press at the Comic-Con convention in San Diego, California on July 23, 2011, during a panel with the producers of "The Simpsons". "Holidays of Future Passed" is the eleventh episode of the series with a Christmas theme, and the fourth episode set in the future (the others being "Lisa's Wedding" from 1995, "Bart to the Future" from 2000, and "Future-Drama" from 2005). Originally there was a joke in the episode about a meltdown occurring at the Springfield Nuclear Power Plant in the future; however, it was cut following the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami that resulted in several nuclear accidents in Japan. 
"The Simpsons" creator Matt Groening made a minor cameo in the episode, though his appearance is not mentioned in the closing credits. In the episode, a robot examines the health of Maggie's fetus. Maggie's band is present, and one of the band members presses a button on the robot's "face", which is a screen showing its facial expressions, and a soccer game comes on instead. A sports commentator, voiced by Groening, gives a long "goal!" shout that is heard over the game. According to "The Simpsons" music editor Chris Ledesma, as the episode was being recorded, "there were only sounds of crowd cheering during that shot and Matt said we needed to spice it up somehow." After going through some different ideas, the staff settled on a commentator shouting "goal!". The staff members wanted Groening to provide the voice and he finished the recording in two takes.
In a 2013 interview with former show writer Conan O'Brien, Jean stated that this episode was intended to serve as a series finale in the case that cast negotiations earlier in the year forced the show to end.
Release.
"Holidays of Future Passed" originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on December 11, 2011. The episode was watched by approximately 6.43 million people during this broadcast, and in the demographic for adults aged 18–49, it received a 3.0 Nielsen rating and a seven percent share. This was a decrease from the previous episode, "The Ten-Per-Cent Solution", which received a 4.0 rating. However, that episode was preceded by a popular National Football League game that helped increase its rating. "Holidays of Future Passed" became the most-watched broadcast in Fox's Animation Domination lineup for the night in terms of total viewers, finishing higher than new episodes of the three series "Family Guy" (6.10 million), "The Cleveland Show" (5.07 million), and "American Dad!" (5.00 million). It also became the second highest-rated broadcast among adults aged 18–49, being exceeded only by the "Family Guy" episode which received a 3.1 rating. For the week of the episode placed twentieth in the ratings among all prime-time network broadcasts in the 18–49 demographic.
Critical reviews.
Since airing, "Holidays of Future Passed" has received positive reviews from television critics, particularly for its humor and emotional scenes. In his list of "The 50 Best TV Episodes of 2011", BuddyTV's John Kubicek placed the episode at number forty-nine, writing that the "various glimpses of how all the other characters have changed during the time jump was a cavalcade of comedy moments." Rex Huffman of "The Times-Reporter" cited it as "an amusing episode", and Ology's Josh Harrison described it as "legitimately funny". Harrison noted that "seeing so many futuristic versions of familiar characters put an interesting spin on the holiday season." He also commented: "The whole episode hinges on a surprisingly heartfelt scene that sees Bart and Lisa—both a bit sloshed—meeting up in the treehouse to discuss the challenges of parenting." Similarly, Hayden Childs of "The A.V. Club" wrote that "Holidays of Future Passed" found "a sweet spot that combined a barrage of non-stop jokes with a tenderness often lacking in latter-day "Simpsons" episodes. There is even a conversation between the adult Bart and Lisa that rings surprisingly true for adult siblings wrestling with their shared familial past."
Writing for HitFix, Alan Sepinwall cited "Holidays of Future Passed" as the best future-set episode of "The Simpsons" since the first one, "Lisa's Wedding". He noted that it was "the emotional side of things" that made the episode successful, such as the dissatisfaction Bart and Lisa feel because of their disconnection with the children, and also Homer's transformation into a "very wise, sweet guy after somehow surviving into old age." Sepinwall particularly praised the scene at the cryonics facility where Homer encourages the children to give Bart another chance as "really sweet", and he described the idea of a frozen Grampa as "a clever variation on the very familiar joke of how Homer and the family neglect because he's such a pain in the ass." Sepinwall also commended the episode for its jokes about the future, highlighting the scenes revolving around air travel as well as the scenes showing Krusty as "the Andy Rooney of 2041" and Ralph Wiggum as "an endless series of stupid clones who keep killing one another." In February 2012, "Holidays of Future Passed" was listed by Matt Zoller Seitz of "New York" magazine as one of "Nine Latter-Day "Simpsons" Episodes That Match Up to the Early Classics". He noted that the "reconciliations between Bart and Lisa and their kids are moving."
At the 64th Primetime Emmy Awards in 2012, "Holidays of Future Passed" was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Animated Program (for Programming Less Than One Hour).
Response to Islamic references.
A segment of "Holidays of Future Passed" was inspired by a controversy over the growing Islamic influence in the city of Dearborn, Michigan, which, according to Bill Gallagher of WJBK, has "a significant Muslim community". The biggest mosque in the United States is also located there. During the segment in question, set in Milhouse and Lisa's future home, Milhouse tells Lisa that he has started to feel the symptoms of his seasonal allergies now that Christmas has arrived. He is apparently allergic to Christmas-related things such as holly, mistletoe, and the red part of candy cane. Lisa advises Milhouse to go and stay in Michigan over the holidays, where Christmas is not celebrated because it is "still under sharia law." Milhouse agrees to do this, but complains that they always make him wear a veil there, pointing to a photo on the wall in which he is standing outside of the University of Michigan–Dearborn dressed in a burqa. 
In a news report about this segment that aired on WJBK, Gallagher noted that it "poked fun at the untrue and unfounded notion that somehow Muslim sharia law prevails in Dearborn." Dawud Walid, head of the Michigan branch of the Council on American-Islamic Relations, commented in the report that "The Simpsons" "is a very prolific show. Now is addressing this anti-sharia fear mongering issue, and perhaps it may gain some currency and ... more people will make fun of it." The segment was met with mixed reception from students at University of Michigan–Dearborn. A number of them were interviewed by Gallagher in his report. One student said: "It's pretty cool showing how ridiculous the hate is. I think it's pretty funny," while another noted: "I don't think it's a good thing [to mock anti-Islamic bigotry because we can change it by talking, not making fun."

</doc>
<doc id="31114656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114656" title="Robert Bruce Smith, IV">
Robert Bruce Smith, IV

Robert Bruce Smith, IV is a music and history writer and lecturer.
Current Activities.
Robert Bruce Smith, IV is a Mississippi historian and native writer. Smith presently lives in Tupelo, MS where he does technology consulting. He currently reviews Tupelo Symphony Orchestra concerts for the Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal in addition to writing a local history column. He is presently researching topics about science, architecture, and Mississippi history for the purpose of presenting lecture topics to Mississippi historical groups, museums, and Universities.
Early Background.
Robert Bruce Smith spent his childhood in Ripley, MS, graduated from high school in Tupelo, MS, and received a bachelor’s degree from the University of Mississippi. He previously served his country in the United States Air Force and then went on to pursue a career as a representative for the community concerts division of Columbia Artists Management in New York City for 19 years. Smith also worked as a computer specialist and systems manager of Kraft Foods, Inc.
Historical Writings and Lectures.
During 2004, Smith published a book, Madness and the Mississippi Bonds, about the famous Mississippi bond scandal. The scandal became a worldwide cause célèbre in the decades immediately preceding the Civil War.
For several years, he has led a walking tour of historic William Faulkner sites during Ripley, MS’s annual Faulkner Festival. Last summer, he led a similar tour of Ripley and New Albany for visiting scholars at the University of Mississippi’s Faulkner-Yoknapatawpha Conference in Oxford, MS. 
Bruce's father (Robert Bruce Smith, III) was the special prosecutor appointed by Mississippi Governor J.P. Coleman in the Emmett Till case. Bruce, along with his brother Jak Smith (an attorney in Tupelo, MS), retain their father’s papers from the Emmett Till trial.
Historical Presentations.
Bruce is a renowned historian about all aspects of Mississippi history, specializing in the life of William Faulkner and William Faulkner's grandfather, Col. William Clark Falkner. His ability to lecture extemporaneously upon any topic related to Mississippi social life and family backgrounds is engaging to all historical societies and museums. 
Mr. Robert Bruce Smith presented two history programs on William Johnson (the Barber of Natchez) on Saturday, February 13, 2010, at the Natchez Trace Parkway Visitor Center, near Tupelo, MS with a program entitled "William Johnson: Witness to a Vanished Natchez World." He presented readings directly from the diary of William Johnson.
Mr. Smith focused on William Johnson by examining his life as a free black barber and diarist who, while living in Natchez, MS during the antebellum period, became a successful business man. William Johnson was a free man of color (although born a slave) in a town cosmopolitan enough to admire his business ability and integrity, but unable to grant him full citizenship or social equality. As a result, Johnson made the best of the half-world in between, unburdening himself in page after page of priceless Old South observations while graciously passing his days with family, servants, and his trusty violin, living in a comfortable Natchez, MS townhouse.
The talks by Robert Bruce Smith combined authentic images from the 1800s, with William Johnson's own lively words, to revive the very human side of life in this famous African-American's vanished Natchez, MS life.
Musical Activities.
His scholarly knowledge of classical music derives from his degree in piano at the University of Mississippi, along with the 19 years of work with Columbia Artists Management, during which he traveled the United States for concert scheduling with symphony orchestras. His knowledge of music history and music literature is encyclopedic, as acknowledged by the Tupelo Symphony Orchestra, for which he presents pre-concert program lectures in collaboration with conductor Steven Byess.
Additionally, he reviews classical music concerts for the Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal. An example of his mastery of English prose is shown in this excerpt of a recent review:
"In a memorable performance of Beethoven’s Piano Concerto No. 2 with Steven Byess and the Tupelo Symphony, pianist Alexander Schimpf rekindled the kind of shimmering musical radiance and elation that obviously won him first prize in the famous Cleveland International Piano Competition less than nine months ago.
About 237 years earlier, during a hectic week in late March, 1795, another young man was grappling with the same piece of music. It was 25-year-old Ludwig van Beethoven, and he was rushing to complete the all-important concerto that he hoped would launch his own budding career skyward towards fame and fortune in hyper-musical Vienna. A few days later, at Beethoven’s first performance before the Viennese public, it spectacularly did.
And here lies Concerto No. 2’s dual charm. It’s both the ambitiously crafted tool of an impatient piano virtuoso and musical genius eager to find his place in the sun, and it’s also a scintillating work of art, intermingling witty Mozartean grace with Beethoven’s own revolutionary new ideas about harmony and rhythm." (reprinted by permission)
Read more: djournal.com - ROBERT BRUCE SMITH Pianist concludes symphony’s 40th season 
Latest Writings.
Robert Bruce Smith is equally adept at in-depth knowledge of quantum mechanics and physics, including deep space astronomy and gravitational waves. His recent writing includes the fusion of poetry and physics to explore the meaning of the universe.
Educational Activities.
He is also involved in teaching classes during the evening as a part of the curriculum at the University of Mississippi at the Tupelo campus.

</doc>
<doc id="31114660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114660" title="The Real Housewives of Fat Tony">
The Real Housewives of Fat Tony

"The Real Housewives of Fat Tony" is the nineteenth episode of "The Simpsons"' twenty-second season. It aired on the Fox network in the United States on May 1, 2011. This episode mainly centers around Marge Simpson and one of her older sisters, Selma, who falls in love with mobster Fat Tony (Fit Tony). Selma later begins the glamourous lifestyle associated with being in the Mafia and the couple agree to marry each other. The marriage leads to tension between Marge and Selma. Fat Tony later invites Homer & Marge to his mansion in New Jersey, in hopes of mending the sisters' relationship. Meanwhile, Bart acquires an ability to trace the location of truffles, which leads Lisa to attest to her growing greed for eating truffles.
This episode was written by Dick Blasucci, and directed by Lance Kramer. The episode was met with a mixed to negative response from television critics, with much criticism going to the cultural references and the main storyline. It garnered a 2.9 rating in the 18-49 demographic. The episode featured a guest appearance from Joe Mantegna, as well as several recurring voice actors and actresses for the series.
Plot.
Selma is greeted by Fat Tony at the DMV, much to her discontent. She makes several sarcastic remarks towards Tony, enraging him in the process. This prompts him to order his local mafia to abduct and kidnap her. They set her up for interrogation at an abandoned warehouse, in which she shoots out more sarcastic remarks. Fat Tony falls in love with her humor, and later grants her the chance to get liposuction. Afterwards, the couple go on a date off the coast of New Jersey, on which he proposes to Selma. She agrees to the proposal, and they end up getting married.
After the party, tension rises between Marge and Selma after the couple place Homer and his family in an undesirable location. To offer his apologies, Fat Tony later invites the Simpson family to his mansion over on the shore of New Jersey. After meeting a few relatives, the couples spend time together. While on the beach at dusk, Selma reveals to Marge that she was envious that she was not in a happy marriage, and asks for Marge's support of her marriage. Marge finds out that Fat Tony is married to another woman, so she tells Selma about this. Selma confronts Fat Tony about the claims, and he reveals to her that he initially proposed to her to be his comare. Tony's wife abruptly crashes into his yard, only to fight with Selma at the end.
Meanwhile, Bart and Lisa are walking in the forest when Bart sniffs out a truffle. After talking with Luigi about the truffles for Luigi restaurant, Lisa then uses Bart to find more truffles. Eventually, when they cannot find truffles, Bart sniffs out one in Lisa's bedroom. Instead of selling them as planned before, Lisa has been eating them. They feel sorry for Luigi's pig, who did not get to eat any, so give it the last one that Lisa had. The pig then proves this was a bad idea by going berserk and tearing through Luigi's restaurant to eat more of them.
Production.
"The Real Housewives of Fat Tony" first aired on May 1, 2011 in the United States. This episode was directed by Lance Kramer who last directed a "Simpsons" episode in the season twenty-one episode, "To Surveil with Love". It was written by Dick Blasucci, in his first episode of the series.
This episode featured a guest appearances from Joe Mantegna, as well as several recurring voice actors and actresses for the series. Mantegna reprised his role as Fat Tony, in his second appearance in the season as the first was in the episode "Donnie Fatso". Alongside with her role as Marge, Julie Kavner provided the voices for Patty and Selma Bouvier. This is the first time that Kavner reprised her role as Patty and Selma since the season twenty-one episode, "Moe Letter Blues".
Reception.
The episode was first broadcast on May 1, 2011, and it was viewed by 6.109 million viewers upon its original airing. While this episode achieved a 2.9 rating in the 18-49 demographic, according to the Nielson ratings. The episode's total viewership and ratings were significantly up from the previous episode, "The Great Simpsina", which was viewed by 4.996 million viewers upon its initial airing, and garnered a 2.3 rating in the 18-49 demographic. "The Great Simpsina" was the lowest rated episode in the series' history. The episode was also preempted in several regions on the west coast due to breaking news coverage of the death of Osama bin Laden.
The episode was met with a mixed to negative response from television critics. Ariel Ponywether of Firefox News Ponywether's review was mixed not positive, she was quite negative about the sub-plot. She felt that it was a decent episode, noting that it was "funny, but not that much." Ponywether ultimately gave the episode a 'B+' grade. Eric Hochberger of "TV Line" gave it a 2.5 out of 5 stars, as he gave much criticism to the main plot of the episode. He deemed it as a "mediocre version of "Jersey Shore"". Hochberger also expressed discontentment for the sub-plot of the episode, stating that it "didn't tie in at all with the main storyline." In his review for this episode, he harshly criticized the jokes featured in the episode. He opined: "While I'm usually a fan of the mob boss jokes that Fat Tony appearances bring, they've pretty much been beaten to death by this show. Plus, this has been the second weak Fat Tony episode this season after the terrible "Donnie Fatso". Maybe it's time to retire this character from headlining episodes until the writers come up with a story worthy of telling." Simon Abrams of "The A.V. Club" reacted negatively to the episode, giving it a 'C' grade. He criticized the writer's capabilities of writing as in his opinion, that they are not funny. However, Abrams was more positive on the subplot, saying that it was decent.

</doc>
<doc id="31114663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114663" title="Replaceable You">
Replaceable You

"Replaceable You" is the fourth episode of the twenty-third season of the American animated sitcom "The Simpsons". It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on November 6, 2011. In the episode, Homer gets a new assistant named Roz who is secretly out to steal his job. Meanwhile, Bart teams up with Martin Prince for the upcoming Springfield Elementary science fair, constructing robot baby seals that become popular with the senior citizens at the Springfield Retirement Castle. The role of Roz was played by American actress Jane Lynch. "Replaceable You" was seen by approximately eight million viewers during its original broadcast, and it has received mixed reviews from critics, the show's title is a spoof of the 2010 computer-animated comedy film, "Despicable Me".
Plot.
Homer is initially happy to get an organized, cheerful new assistant at the Springfield Nuclear Power Plant, a very tall woman named Roz Davis. However, when he and Barney head out to see a film during their work shift, Roz reveals this to Mr. Burns, who demotes Homer to Roz's job and gives Roz Homer's position. Roz proceeds to charm the regulars at Moe's Tavern while finding dozens of ways to make Homer's job miserable. After Ned Flanders sees Homer is depressed, Homer tells him about Roz, and is shocked to learn that Ned knew Roz back in Ohio; they were part of the same Christian group, and when Ned gave her a congratulatory hug for winning a "no-fun run" he learned that Roz cannot stand any physical contact. When Roz wins a "Worker of Millennium" award at the plant, Homer manipulates Burns into giving Roz a hug. She proceeds to beat Burns up, and is fired. Roz then compliments Homer for being much smarter than she expected, in terms Homer does not quite understand. 
Elsewhere, Bart is not ready for the upcoming Springfield Elementary science fair. He ends up working with Martin Prince and after Bart comes up with a general idea—cool robotics—Martin does all the work and constructs an adorable robotic baby seal. However, it is revealed that when the wiring is tampered with, they become violent attackers. The seal wins first prize at the Fair, to Lisa's disdain. When she goes to the Springfield Retirement Castle to whine about the injustice to Grampa, the seniors citizen see the seal visibly cheer up Jasper and the value of the invention becomes clear. All of the senior citizens then get their own seals, and they become happier and healthier, which angers a consortium of local businesses (led by the local funeral home) who want the oldsters to go back to being miserable and more rapidly dying. The group figures out the wiring secret and reworks the seals so their fury returns, even causing the death of Mrs. Glick. Chief Wiggum has all the robots impounded. Bart and Martin enlist the aid of Professor Frink who then gets a larger group of nerds to remotely hack into the robot software and make them nice again. They succeed and as a result, Chief Wiggum releases all the seals, who return to the nursing home.
Production.
The episode was written by Stephanie Gillis and directed by Mark Kirkland. American actress Jane Lynch guest starred in the episode as Roz.
Showrunner Al Jean noted in an interview with "Entertainment Weekly" that it was easy to cast Lynch, since "she can do edge, sweetness, and a mix of both". He further noted that the crew was happy when she agreed to take the role, and that he was "embarrassed show didn’t ask her before she was so successful because she’s funny in everything she does." Lynch recorded her scenes together with cast member Dan Castellaneta, who voices Homer. In an interview with the website Hollywood Outbreak, she commented that "It was pretty amazing to every once in a while look up at his face and go 'Oh my God, it's that guy that does that voice.'" Lynch added that she "had the best time. I would do it again and again. This is kind of very much a milestone in my career. I will point to this as a big deal." In an interview with Fox All Access, Lynch revealed that she is a longtime fan: "Indeed I am a fan of "The Simpsons". I started watching twenty years ago. I remember the first season. I remember clearly moments from the episodes and I thought it was revolutionary, the comedy of it. I really loved it."
As with most episodes of "The Simpsons", the music was composed by Alf Clausen and edited by Chris Ledesma. In a blog written by Ledesma, it was revealed prior to the airing of the episode that it would contain the use of the waltz "Tales from the Vienna Woods" by Johann Strauss II as well as a musical cue similar to the style of the main theme from the film "Catch Me If You Can". The episode features several other references to popular culture as well. For example, Homer skips work to go see a film called "Paul Flart: Water Park Cop", a parody of the 2009 film "". In addition, there is a brief shot of the character "Bender" from the animated television series "Futurama".
Release.
"Replaceable You" originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on November 6, 2011. It was watched by approximately eight million people during this broadcast. In the demographic for adults aged 18–49, the episode received a 3.7 Nielsen rating (down eight percent from the previous episode) and ten percent share. "The Simpsons" became the highest-rated program in Fox's Animation Domination lineup that night in terms of total viewers and in the 18–49 demographic, finishing before new episodes of "Family Guy", "American Dad!", and "Allen Gregory". For the week of October 31–November 6, "Replaceable You" finished fifteenth in the ratings among all network prime-time broadcasts in the 18–49 demographic.
Critical reception.
"Replaceable You" has received mixed reviews from television critics. Josh Harrison of Ology wrote positively about the episode, giving it an eight out of ten rating. He commented: "This episode of "The Simpsons" swerved toward the wacky in the best possible. I approve of this bounce-back from the decidedly "meh" Treehouse of Horrors previous episode of the series—'Treehouse of Horror XXII' and I'm looking forward to what's next." Stephanie Krikorian of "The Wall Street Journal"s "Speakeasy" publication named Lynch's appearance one of the television highlights of the week November 6–13. She wrote that "Simply put, Jane Lynch is good TV. Even the cartoon version, non-track-suit-wearing Jane Lynch was worth watching. Her role as a schemer on this week’s "Simpsons" was no exception, making her performance voicing Roz one of the top moments in this week’s Rewind." 
"The A.V. Club" critic Hayden Childs was more negative, giving the episode a C− rating and criticizing the two plots and the lack of good jokes. He wrote that while there was "some comic potential" in the premise, the writers failed to deliver funny material. Commenting on the plot with Homer and Roz, Childs explained that "there’s some comic possibility and resonance in having Homer stabbed in the back at work. Many people have been stabbed in the back by an ambitious colleague. Unfortunately, Homer may not be the best character to give this sort of storyline a heart. Homer is a bad employee who deserves to be ratted out by his subordinate. The fact that she is selfish and mean doesn’t add to this story. Yes, that is the sort of person who would stab someone in the back for their own gain, but yes, Homer also had it coming. Where is the joke?"

</doc>
<doc id="31114678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114678" title="Treehouse of Horror XXII">
Treehouse of Horror XXII

"Treehouse of Horror XXII" is the third episode of the twenty-third season and the twenty-second Halloween episode of the animated comedy series "The Simpsons". It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on October 30, 2011. The episode is part of the "Treehouse of Horror" series, which is an episode divided into three separate stories and an opening that is a parody of scary or Halloween themed stories. This episode's stories were primarily spoofs of the French film "The Diving Bell and the Butterfly", the television series "Dexter", and the American film "Avatar". The opening was a parody of the autobiographical film "127 Hours", in which the subject Aron Ralston loses an arm.
The episode was written by Carolyn Omine, directed by Matthew Faughnan, and featured guest voices from Aron Ralston and Jackie Mason. In its original American broadcast, it was viewed by approximately 8.1 million people. The critical reception was very diverse, ranging from a plea to end the show to a statement that the show is on top of its game and should not be cancelled. The episode featured a reference to the Broadway musical "". After watching the show, the producers of the musical released a press statement in which they told how flattered they were when their show was mentioned on "The Simpsons".
Plot.
Opening.
When Bart, Lisa and Maggie come home from trick-or-treating, Marge switches out the candy with dental hygiene products and asks Homer to deliver the candy to a drive for the troops overseas. Homer instead runs off with the bag to eat its contents in privacy at a canyon cliff. Unfortunately, Homer trips and falls to the bottom of the canyon with his arm pinned. Fueled by his need to get the out-of-reach bag of candy, and reluctant to wait twenty minutes for help, Homer is forced to chew off his arm. Though he manages it after a few tries, Homer learns that he was carrying a bag of vegetables, as Bart, Lisa and Maggie had secretly stolen back their candy, inciting an upset Homer to scream in rage.
The Diving Bell and the Butterball.
In a parody of the 2007 biographical drama film, "The Diving Bell and the Butterfly", Homer begins to decorate the house for Halloween and is reaching for a decorations in a box. Unfortunately, there is a real Black Widow spider in the box and when Homer is grabbing for what he thinks is a plastic spider, he gets bitten by the real one. The bite leaves Homer unable to move or talk. When Lisa reads for him, she discovers that he can communicate through flatulence. The Simpson family is amazed at the result and Lisa helps Homer tell Marge how he feels about her. When he is again bitten by another spider (a radioactive one), he spontaneously gains the ability to make spider webs and have the same abilities as Spider-Man, even when still paralyzed. Homer is able to shoot spider webs out of his rear end.
Dial D for Diddly.
In a parody of the television drama series, "Dexter", after hearing who he thinks is God tell him to murder people, Ned Flanders becomes a serial killing vigilante, targeting characters who are Homer's enemies. When Flanders discovers that Homer is the one who has been duping him into committing murder (by way of a Bible-shaped receiver), Homer argues that God does not exist and starts burning Ned's bible only to be stopped and strangled to death by God Himself. Marge begs God to reverse everything that has happened, but God tells her that Satan is the one who is running the world. When Flanders thinks that this scenario cannot get any worse, it is revealed that Satan is having sex with Ned's deceased wife, Maude.
In the Na'Vi.
In a parody of the 2009 American epic science fiction film, "Avatar", in the future, Krusty the Clown is still alive, but has trouble entertaining his Nazi audience. On the distant planet Rigel Seven there is a sacred extract called Hilarrium, which causes people to get in a better mood. Krusty desperately needs this sacred extract and uses military force to obtain it. The military recruits Bart and Milhouse to befriend the alien race in avatar bodies. They succeed in this and Bart ends up getting Kang's daughter pregnant. It turns out that the extract Hilarrium, which is excreted by their queen, is primarily used by the natives to reduce the mood swings from pregnant women and Bart and Milhouse are shown where the alien race gets it from. Milhouse then reveals the location of the extract to the military, which then attacks the natives. In the battle, the natives are helped by all the animals of the planet, which eventually defeats the military. Kang and Kodos then admit that they would have just given the Hilarrium to the humans.
Ending.
At the end, a Christmas carol is played as all of the characters that appeared say various things about Christmas, such as Marge saying that making a sweater loses 27 people their jobs. At the very end, Grampa Simpson shows up in a black tutu, asking when the Black Swan comes up, and everyone was wondering when the Black Swan will come.
Production.
"Treehouse of Horror XXII" was written by Carolyn Omine and directed by Matthew Faughnan. 
The episode is part of the "Treehouse of Horror" series, which since the second season has been a tradition for "The Simpsons" to air a new Halloween special each year. "Treehouse of Horror" episodes typically consist of four parts: an opening and Halloween-themed version of the credits, followed by three segments. These segments usually have a horror, science fiction or fantasy theme and quite often are parodies of films, novels, plays, television shows, "Twilight Zone" episodes, or old issues of EC Comics. The episode featured guest appearances from Jackie Mason and Aron Ralston, who was the subject of the film "127 Hours". Mason has a recurring role on "The Simpsons" as Rabbi Hyman Krustofski, who is the fictional father of Krusty the Clown. As it is tradition with most "Treehouse of Horror" episodes, this episode featured the use of "scary" names in the credits, which is to write alternate names for cast and crew in a "scary" fashion. Ralston came up with his own scary name for the credits, which was Aron "I gave my right arm to be on 'The Simpsons'" Ralstump. 
The episode marks the first time of all the "Treehouse of Horror" episodes that an actual theremin was used for music cues. Previously, the show had trouble locating a theremin player, who could work under the time constraints of the show. Instead, the show used a synthesizer keyboard to play a theremin sample - much to creator Matt Groening's displeasure. The situation turned when a scene in "Homer Scissorhands" was written to feature Milhouse playing the theremin. Now the crew had to find a suitable theremin player and Charles Richard Lester was hired for that episode as well as "Treehouse of Horror XXII". 
The opening segment had many parodies and references to films. When the segment opens, the Simpson family is dressed up for Halloween. Here Maggie pops out of Bart's astronaut suit, dressed as a baby alien, which is a reference to the film "Alien" from 1979. Homer is dressed as Doctor Manhattan from the superhero film "Watchmen" from 2009. During the middle, there is a spoof of the 1960 film Psycho, as the same music and similar scenes are used (E.G: Reverend Lovejoy eyeing Homer in his car. In the end of the segment, it turns into a spoof of the film "127 Hours" from 2010, in which Ralston loses his arm after being trapped under a rock. Ralston voiced the 911 dispatcher Homer calls when he is trapped.
"The Diving Bell and the Butterball" was a satire of the French film "The Diving Bell and the Butterfly" from 2007, in which a paralyzed man learns to communicate through moving his eyelids. Instead of moving his eyelids, Homer communicated through flatulence. The segment took off in different direction when Homer was bitten by another spider and turned into a paralyzed Spider-Man with reversed colors, swinging around Springfield and fighting crime. The last part references the Spider-Man musical, "" that was plagued by stage malfunctions and sometimes left its performers to dangle in mid-air. The many accidents caused five people to become injured while working on the musical. 
The last two segments were also parodies of popular culture. "Dial D for Diddly" featured various references to the television series, "Dexter", the titular character whom Ned Flanders is supposed to represent when he goes on a killing spree. The music in the segment is the original music from the main title theme of "Dexter" by Rolfe Kent, although the title references "Dial M for Murder". Two of the targets, Patty and Selma Bouvier, were killed in similar fashion to the style of Wile E. Coyote. "In the Na'Vi" was a parody of the film "Avatar" from 2009. In the end Kang and Kodos mentions that "there is no word for ‘yours’ or ‘mine.’", which is why they do not enjoy the film "Yours, Mine and Ours" from 1968 (or the remake from 2005).
Release.
Broadcast.
"Treehouse of Horror XXII" originally aired on Fox in the United States on October 30, 2011, the night before Halloween. The release date was unusual for a "Treehouse of Horror" episode, because ever since Fox got the rights to the Major League Baseball playoffs, most of the Halloween specials aired in the first week of November. This only marks the second time Fox has aired a "Treehouse of Horror" episode in October since 1999 – in 2009 it aired nearly two weeks before Halloween. Major League Baseball decided to move the 2011 World Series earlier than the previous season so that no games would be played in November, leaving October 30 free for Fox to air "Treehouse of Horror XXII" on that date. When The Wrap asked show runner Al Jean if he was satisfied with the airing the night before Halloween, Jean said: "Yes, and the perfect thing is, Halloween is actually a bad day to air it, because nobody watches TV that night. Especially if they have kids. So October 30th, it is our Halloween. People can watch it and then still go out the next night." 
The episode was watched by approximately 8.10 million people during the first broadcast. The show received a 4.0 Nielsen rating in the demographic for adults aged 18–49 and a ten percent share of the audience, which was a 33 percent increase from the previous episode "Bart Stops to Smell the Roosevelts". "The Simpsons" became the highest-rated program in Fox's Animation Domination lineup that night both in terms of viewers and in the 18–49 demographic. It finished before "Family Guy", "The Cleveland Show" and the series premiere of "Allen Gregory". Besides a broadcast of a NFL Football game between the Dallas Cowboys and the Philadelphia Eagles on NBC, "The Simpsons" was the most watched program of the night in the 18–49 demographic. In comparison, the episode increased eight percent over the previous year's "Treehouse of Horror XXI", which had a 3.7 Nielsen rating and a nine percent share of the audience in the 18–49 demographic. For the week of October 24–30, 2011, "The Simpsons" finished 14th in the 18–49 demographic, fourth in the 18–34 demographic, and third among teenagers.
Critical reception.
Since airing, "Treehouse of Horror XXII" has received mixed reviews from critics. Josh Harrison of Ology was positive and gave the episode a rating of seven out of ten, but commented that he preferred "episodes that feature longer, more involved storylines more than the spoof collections." At The A.V. Club, Hayden Childs gave the episode a C+ grade, saying, "The writers seem unwilling to mock the more outrageous aspects of the movies they are sending up and settle for weakly batting at the obvious. Some of the jokes land, but none land too solidly." Meredith Woerner of io9 thought that "whole thing never quite achieved the same level of brilliance as some previous years — even though the Avatar bit was funny, we've seen so many Avatar spoofs by now that, well, it's tired. However we did get a lot of joy out of seeing Homer dressed up as Doctor Manhattan and Maggie as a wee-little chest burster." Even more critical was CraveOnline's Blair Marnell who gave the episode a rating of three out of ten. He commented that "there is no stronger argument for ending 'The Simpsons' than the latest Halloween installment of 'Treehouse of Horror'" and further said that "in all honesty, it's amazing how tame 'The Simpsons' has become over the years. This show used to be the 'South Park' of its day. Now it's just showing its age and it's no longer the cool TV rebel that it used to be." Alex Strachan had the opposite reaction in a review in "Calgary Herald" and concluded that we should "[forget all that talk about The Simpsons being past its prime. Based on tonight's sharp-eyed, keen-witted Treehouse of Horror XXII - funnier, faster and more fright-worthy than last year's dud, thankfully - there's a lot of ink left in the old ink pot yet." 
The first segment, "The Diving Bell and the Butterball", was met with mixed reactions. Marnell called the parody "wildly unfunny", while Childs was critical of Homer turning into a paralyzed Spider-Man and stated that it was "simply not very funny." Tim Surette of TV.com was more ambivalent and said: "I found this sketch to be simultaneously awesome and terrible because I have the maturity of a 6-year old and the intelligence of an average man." The reference to the Broadway musical "Spider-Man: Turn Off the Dark" was noticed by the producers of the musical. They reacted by issuing a statement the following day: "Everyone at 'Spider-Man: Turn Off the Dark' was extremely flattered by last night’s tribute on 'The Simpsons.' 'The Simpsons' is an iconic American institution, and being part of last night's episode was an honor and dream come true." Coincidentally, the previous aired episode of "South Park", "Broadway Bro Down", also had a reference to the musical, but the spokesperson for the Broadway show did not want to comment on that episode. 
The response for "Dial D for Diddly" was that it started well, but then gradually declined. In Marnell's opinion, "best segment of the entire episode comes when Ned makes his normal routine look sinister and yet when he finally closes his hands to pray, he's actually holding a pair of severed hands", but as for the rest of the segment, he is disappointed: "[When it seems like the short is heading for some darkly hilarious territory, the voice of God turns out to be Homer urging Ned to murder his enemies." Other reviewers agreed with his assessment. Surette concluded that the episode "tarted off good, but got boring very quick." Likewise, Childs commented that the "segment had a lot of promise for the funny, but it started to sag fast and then sank altogether." 
Much of the criticism towards the Avatar spoof "In the Na'Vi" goes towards the timing of the episode. Surette thought that it was "Avatar spoof that came about two years too late. This sketch had no redeeming qualities and should be erased from the minds of all Simpsons fans immediately." Similarly, Marnell commented that in the episode "The Simpsons' finally gets around to parodying 'Avatar' — a movie picked to death by 'South Park' and other series a year or two ago" and further elaborated that "[it's almost a straight forward retelling of 'Avatar' without the biting satire that made the film parodies of previous years so much fun." In general, "Treehouse of Horror" episodes take about a year to complete for the staff. This is because they have to do many original designs, such as characters and backgrounds. Prior to the airing of the episode, Jean revealed that the staff was already working on "Treehouse of Horror XXIII".
At the 39th Annual Annie Awards, Omine won the "Writing in a Television Production" category for her work on "Treehouse of Horror XXII".

</doc>
<doc id="31114683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114683" title="William Scagel">
William Scagel

William Wales Scagel or Bill Scagel (February 12, 1873 – March 26, 1963) was a knifemaker whose style had a profound impact on the cutlery trade, influencing it for over 100 years.
Early life.
Born near Alpena, Michigan and raised in Canada, Scagel began making knives in 1910 while working at lumber camps throughout Michigan and Canada. Prior to this he worked as a bridgebuilder and an artist in wrought iron. In 1920, after his shop in Muskegon, Michigan burned down he settled in nearby Fruitport and built a new shop on a piece of land he named "Dogwood Nub" which began his long full-time career of making knives, axes, cookware, and boats.
Knifemaking.
From 1920 through 1929 Scagel sold his knives through Abercrombie & Fitch of New York and their subsidiaries such as Von Lengerke & Antoine. Scagel made hunting knives, machetes, and axes for the expeditions of the Smithsonian Institution. Scagel made a variety of knives throughout his career including Bowie knives, fighting knives, and pocketknives. One of the rarest of Scagel's knives is his personal hunting knife pattern, a fixed blade drop-point hunter with a secondary folding spey-blade in the handle. Valued at over $15,000, seven of the twelve made are accounted for in private collections. 
Scagel used a half stag and half leather stacked washer assembly in his knife handles that became his trademark style. One such Scagel knife provided the influence for Bo Randall to start making his own knives. In 1937, Randall witnessed someone using a Scagel knife to scrape paint off of a boat near Walloon Lake, without damaging the edge of the blade. Randall bought the knife and in the years that followed Scagel became a mentor to Randall, influencing many of his designs. In addition to leather and stag handles, Scagel had several friends who worked at the Brunswick Pool Table and Bowling Ball Company who kept him supplied with scrap pieces of ivory, rosewood, bakelite, vulcanized fiber, and maple spacers which he used in his knife handles over the years. 
Every knife Scagel made was completely by hand and without modern tools such as a grinder or buffer, his Fruitport shop was powered off a gasoline engine from a Cadillac automobile and as a result, the quantity of knives he produced over his 50 years of knifemaking is very low. Scagel was known for not trusting "mass produced items" and even made his own rifle for hunting. Scagel never visited doctors, resetting his own broken wrist at one time and successfully extracting his own teeth and making his own dentures. During a polio epidemic in 1939, he made leg braces for children at his shop. He made his last knife in 1962, the year before he died. Twenty-three years later he was inducted into the "Blade" magazine Cutlery Hall of Fame at the 1990 Blade Show. In 1996, Scagel was inducted into the American Bladesmith Society Hall of Fame as an inauguree. The Randall Knife Museum in Orlando, Florida is home to the world's largest collection of Scagel's knives.

</doc>
<doc id="31114700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114700" title="Guru Bipin Singh">
Guru Bipin Singh

Guru Bipin Singh ( August 23, 1918 - January 9, 2000) was a director, choreographer and teacher of Manipuri dance.
Career.
The son of a traditional doctor and a singer, Singh began training in his childhood, studying singing and dancing before focusing on Manipuri dance, especially under Guru Amudon Sharma, with the support of Manipur's king. Although he earned a living as a film choreographer, he did not lose focus on his desire to expand knowledge of the traditional dance form. As part of that effort, he created the Govindji Nartanalaya dance school for women in Imphal and, in 1972, the Manipuri Nartanalaya dance school in Calcutta.
He choreographed many dance-dramas and solo dances and produced many students including Jhaveri Sisters (Darshana Jhaveri), Kalavati Devi, Binodini Devi, Guneswori Devi, Priti Patel, Sruti Bannerjee, Latasana Devi, Indrani Devi, Manorama Devi, Poushali Chatterjee, Sohini Ray, Bimbavati Devi.

</doc>
<doc id="31114704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114704" title="Long Semado">
Long Semado

Long Semado (also known as Semado, Long Semadoh or Long Semabo) is a settlement in the Lawas division of Sarawak, Malaysia. It lies approximately east-north-east of the state capital Kuching. 
Neighbouring settlements include:

</doc>
<doc id="31114708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114708" title="L&amp;B International Football Consultancy">
L&amp;B International Football Consultancy

L&B International Football Consultancy is a sports and business brokerage firm headquartered in Zaandam, the Netherlands. As of 2010, it had scouted, trained and transferred many football players for football clubs playing in Eredivisie in the Netherlands, Primera División of Spain, Premier League in England, Bundesliga in Germany, Eerste Klasse Belgium and Ligue 1 in France. 
One of the main persons at L&B International Football Consultancy is Joop Lensen. Lensen is a Dutch sports director with more than 20 years experience in professional football. In the first 15 years, he held various functions at the Royal Dutch Football Association (KNVB). During this time, Lensen founded the youth football training scheme and was closely involved in the technical aspects of the sport within the organisation. In addition, he was the author of two KNVB booklets “4 against 4” and “7 against 7”. From 1985 till 1988 Lensen was initially an assistant to the Dutch under 15 and subsequently the head coach at the time the team reached the final of the World Cup in France; He also was the assistant of the Dutch squad under 16. Lensen was a member of the support staff of the winning Dutch team (the legendary squad of Rinus Michels, Ruud Gullit, Marco van Basten, Frank Rijkaard et al.) during the European Cup in Germany in 1988. 
In the period 2000–2005, Lensen was the head of youth training and education at AZ in Alkmaar; There he was, amongst other things, responsible for setting up the LOOTschool, a structure which ensured a combination of training and education. After this period, Lensen became head of youth training and head (international) scouting at Fenerbahçe SK. Lensen currently continues to act as a guest lecturer and advisor to various parties including the Royal Dutch Football Federation and the Turkish football association (Turkiye Futbol Federasyonu).
L&B International Football Consultancy offers particular expertise in client representation and management, specific football industry information, scouting, sponsorship sales, lectures & seminars, football development like coach courses and youth development.
L&B International Football Consultancy is a privately owned company, with a total of three partners, serving clients going from major quoted companies to private individuals.
References.
Voetbal International, "number 26", 2005.
Hoijtink, Henk. "Trouw Hollandse Hervorming bij Fenerbahce", 09/28, 2005.
Fenerbahce.org. "Youth football set for Dutch revolution", 06/29. 2005

</doc>
<doc id="31114710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114710" title="Wallace Williamson">
Wallace Williamson

Andrew Wallace Williamson KCVO was a Church of Scotland minister in the 20th century.
Born in Thornhill, Dumfriesshire on 29 December 1856, he was educated at Wallace Hall Academy and the University of Edinburgh. He was Assistant Minister at North Leith Parish Church and then Minister at St Cuthbert’s, Edinburgh. During this time he was also a lecturer in pastoral theology at his old university. In 1909 he was appointed the incumbent at St Giles' Cathedral and the following year Dean of the Thistle and Dean of the Chapel Royal. In 1913 he was the Church of Scotland’s annual Moderator. 
An Honorary Chaplain to the King, he died on 10 July 1926 and is buried at Dean Parish Church, Edinburgh.

</doc>
<doc id="31114737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114737" title="Umaru of Salga">
Umaru of Salga

Imam Umaru of Salga (1858–1934) left a detailed account of Quranic education among the Hausa.

</doc>
<doc id="31114743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114743" title="Uhryniv">
Uhryniv

Uhryniv is a name of number of villages in the West Ukraine.

</doc>
<doc id="31114764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114764" title="Theodore Kaghan">
Theodore Kaghan

Theodore Kaghan (c. 1912 – August 9, 1989) was an American civil servant and journalist.
Early years.
Kaghan was born in Boston and graduated from the University of Michigan.
At the University of Michigan he won several annual prizes given for undergraduate dramatic writing, including the top award in 1935 for a play called "Unfinished Picture", later read but not performed by the Group Theatre, identified in 1948 as a Communist front organization by the House Un-American Activities Committee. He wrote a one-act play called "Hello, Franco" that was stage in New York City in January 1938. It depicted a multi-ethnic group of Americans in the Lincoln Brigade. They pretend to use their broken field telephone to talk with friends and family back home as well as with Francisco Franco.
Kaghan worked on the foreign news desk of the "New York Herald Tribune" beginning in 1939 and moved to the Office of War Information in 1942.
In 1946, he served as editor-in-chief of the "Wiener Kurier", Vienna's official anti-Communist publication. From 1945 to 1950 he was Director of American Publications for the U.S. Army forces then occupying Austria.
Kaghan served from 1950 to 1953 as Deputy Director of Public Affairs for the United States High Commission in Germany, with indirect responsibility for all of the Commission's newspapers and radios stations in Germany. When Roy Cohn and David Schine, two investigators for Senator Joseph McCarthy's Senate Permanent Investigations Subcommittee, toured Europe early in 1953, Kaghan called them "junketeering gumshoes." When Cohn called him a security risk, Kaghan said he would welcome a chance to testify before McCarty's committee. He also said that when the two "have made half the record I have in the field of psychological warfare against communism, then perhaps the money this trip of theirs is costing the American taxpayer might begin to pay off." And he offered to show McCarthy his record fighting communism "here in Europe, where the threat is an everyday reality rather than an excuse for creating political confusion."
Resignation.
In April 1953, he was called home to testify before the subcommittee. He admitted that in the 1930s he had held radical views and did not recognize the threat Communism posed to the United States, but said that his views had long since changed. The Senators questioned him about plays he wrote around 1930, a possible Communist he shared an apartment with between 1935 and 1940, and other issues. McCarthy read passages from his plays and Kaghan called some of the passages "long-winded" and "corny." He denied Communist Party membership at any time, but supposed he had attended social gatherings organized by his roommate without realizing the political nature of the events. When McCarthy asked for the names of those who visited the apartment, Kaghan said he thought it "un-American" to provide them based on so little grounds for suspecting them of wrongdoing. Kaghan described his conversion to anti-Communism, beginning with suspicions in 1939 and ending with firm belief in 1945 when he took up his State Department assignment in Vienna.
To support his testimony, Kaghan offered the committee a letter from Leopold Figl, a prominent anti-Communist politician and first Federal Chancellor of Austria after the Second World War. During the hearing, another cable arrived in support from Ernst Reuter, the Mayor of Berlin. At one point in the hearing, when Senator McCarthy was unable to remember how Kaghan had characterized Cohn and Schine, Kaghan supplied the answer: "'junketeering gumshoes', sir." He explained why he took an interest in their visit: "It is my duty to uphold the positions and conduct of the American Government. These investigators had cast reflections on the American Senate. There was a raft of cartoons and dispatches in the German press that were hurting American prestige. I felt that it was time I became interested in it."
Following Kaghan's testimony, Robert L. Johnson, the new head of the International Information Administration (IIA), commonly known as the Voice of America, launched a review of the security clearances of several dozen officials in his department, including Kaghan. After discussions with the State Department, Kaghan resigned from his post on May 11, 1953. Friends reported he was pressured to resign. Newspapers described it as a "forced resignation."
Kaghan returned to Bonn and there described the State Department's role in his resignation. He said the Department had asked him to resign before he completed his subcommittee testimony and that its security investigator Scott McLeod gave personnel orders to the IIA. Expecting to be dismissed, he resigned in order to be able to return to Bonn to bring his wife and children home. He described his Washington experience as "disillusioning," and explained: "When you cross swords openly with Senator McCarthy, you cannot expect to remain in the State Department, even though you have, as I do, loyalty and security clearance and an anti-Communist record reaching from Vienna to Berlin." A week later Raymond Swing resigned his position as senior analyst for the Voice of America to protest what he called the State Department's "spineless failure...to stand by its own staff."
On May 29, more than 200 members of the U.S. High Commission, including Commissioner James B. Conant and Deputy Commissioner Samuel Reber, attended a farewell party for Kaghan in Bonn, where Kaghan gave a speech that was "constantly interrupted by applause."
Later years.
In October 1954, Kaghan congratulated "Time" magazine when it reported that McCarthy's investigations had "hurt his country's chances to rally the peoples of Europe against Communism." He referred to his State Department superiors as "the schizoid psychological warriors of Foggy Bottom."
The State Department later cleared him of the allegations.
He joined the "New York Post" as United Nations correspondent and then as a foreign affairs columnist. From January 1967 to September 1973, he was Director of Public Information in Rome for the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations. He worked for a Manhattan public relations firm until retiring in 1975.
Kaghan died of heart failure on August 9, 1989 at Memorial Hospital in Brattleboro, Vermont, survived by his wife Nancy, a son Benjamin, and a daughter Susan.

</doc>
<doc id="31114819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114819" title="Sergio Oscar Almirón">
Sergio Oscar Almirón

Sergio Oscar Almirón (born September 20, 1985 in San Nicolás de los Arroyos, Rosario) is an Argentine football forward who currently plays for Blooming in the Liga de Fútbol Profesional Boliviano.

</doc>
<doc id="31114824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114824" title="Sophie the Giraffe">
Sophie the Giraffe

Sophie the Giraffe is a teether – a toy for teething infants to chew on – in the form of a 7-inch-high hevea rubber giraffe.
History.
The toy has been made in France (as "Sophie la Girafe") since 1961, first in Asnières-sur-Oise, near Paris, by Delacoste, then from 1991 by Vulli, based in Rumilly in the French Alps. Its name refers to its launch on 25 May 1961, the feast day of Saint Madeline Sophie Barat. It has achieved national icon status in France, according to "Slate", with more sold each year (816,000 in 2010) than babies are born (796,000).
Sophie is also popular in the United States, where the toy has been available for decades and even appeared in the movie "Three Men and a Baby" (1987), and where it has become the best-selling baby product offered by Amazon.com. Launched in California in the trendy Hollywood area, it became popular through word of mouth, especially on Amazon.com since 2008. The reasons proposed for this success are that it is marketed as eco-friendly and a growing consumer mistrust of the security and health standards of products made in China since 2007.
In 2009, Sophie was recognized as Product of the Year by the American Specialty Toy Retailing Association.
The November 2011 issue of German consumer magazine "Öko-Test" reported that Sophie the Giraffe should not be sold in Germany due to a violation of statutory limit values for nitrosatable substances. The test found 0.781 mg/kg, while the German "Bedarfsgegenständeverordnung" (BedGgstV) consumer food and product standard provides for a limit of 0.1 mg/kg. Vulli initially said that another regulation applies, the EU guidelines for toys, with a limit of 1 mg/kg, and obtained a preliminary injunction of the District Court in Berlin banning publication of "Öko-Test"s report. The story was removed from the magazine's website. This injunction was lifted in January 2012. The "Chemische und Veterinäruntersuchungsamt Stuttgart" (CVUA) reproduced "Öko-Test"s claims resulting in the German Technischer Überwachungsverein (TÜV) safety agency pressing charges against Vulli, and "Öko-Test" restored the online report to their web site. Vulli responded by recalling Sophie the Giraffe and similar products from German retailers, and offering to exchange it with one produced on or after March 2012, which Vulli says adhere to the stricter German limit.

</doc>
<doc id="31114848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114848" title="Marconi (Turin Metro)">
Marconi (Turin Metro)

Marconi is a station of the Turin Metro. The station was opened on March 6, 2011.
The station is in the busy, commercial district of central Torino, on the via Nizza. It is located within walking distance to the Castello del Valentino and Parco del Valentino.

</doc>
<doc id="31114852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114852" title="Frobenius determinant theorem">
Frobenius determinant theorem

In mathematics, the Frobenius determinant theorem is a discovery made in 1896 by the mathematician Richard Dedekind, who wrote a letter to F. G. Frobenius about it (reproduced in , with an English translation in ).
If one takes the multiplication table of a group "G" and replaces each entry "g" with the variable "x""g", and subsequently takes the determinant, then the determinant factors as a product of "n" irreducible polynomials, where "n" is the number of conjugacy classes. Moreover, each polynomial is raised to a power equal to its degree. Frobenius proved this surprising fact, and this theorem became known as the Frobenius determinant theorem.
Formal statement.
Let a finite group formula_1 have elements formula_2, and let formula_3 be associated with each element of formula_1. Define the matrix formula_5 with entries formula_6. Then
where "r" is the number of conjugacy classes of "G".

</doc>
<doc id="31114858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114858" title="Haiti at the FIFA World Cup">
Haiti at the FIFA World Cup

This is a record of Haiti results at the FIFA World Cup. The FIFA World Cup, sometimes called the Football World Cup or the Soccer World Cup, but usually referred to simply as the World Cup, is an international association football competition contested by the men's national teams of the members of "Fédération Internationale de Football Association" (FIFA), the sport's global governing body. The championship has been awarded every four years since the first tournament in 1930, except in 1942 and 1946, due to World War II.
The tournament consists of two parts, the qualification phase and the final phase (officially called the "World Cup Finals"). The qualification phase, which currently take place over the three years preceding the Finals, is used to determine which teams qualify for the Finals. The current format of the Finals involves 32 teams competing for the title, at venues within the host nation (or nations) over a period of about a month. The World Cup Finals is the most widely-viewed sporting event in the world, with an estimated 715.1 million people watching the 2006 tournament final.
Haiti have appeared in the finals of the FIFA World Cup on one occasion in 1974.
Haiti at the 1974 World Cup.
Squad.
Head coach: Antoine Tassy

</doc>
<doc id="31114893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114893" title="Subway $5 footlong promotion">
Subway $5 footlong promotion

The Subway $5 footlong promotion is a promotion by the fast food restaurant chain Subway, which was launched in the United States in 2008 by offering footlong (30 cm) submarine sandwiches for US$5. Coinciding with the Great Recession, the promotion has been very successful for the chain, having spawned competitors to make similar moves to cut prices to attract customers. The promotion also helped start an ongoing trend of round price points on consumer goods. It was written by James Harned at tonefarmer.
History.
In 2004, Stuart Frankel, an owner of two Subway franchises inside Jackson Memorial Hospital in Miami, Florida, noticed that sales were slower at his stores on the weekends. In order to help boost sales, Frankel decided to lower the prices on the footlong subs for the weekends only. A fan of round numbers, Frankel decided to make every footlong sub $5 each. At the time, Subway had various prices for its subs.
Sales shot up immediately. Two local Palm Beach/Broward County franchisees took notice and started to implement $5 footlongs in 50 of their stores, also noticing sales increases. The move couldn't have come at a better time: the United States housing bubble was about to go bust, which hit Florida especially hard. Unlike most such promotions, the Subway franchises didn't see a decline in profit margins, nor did it sell each sub at a loss.
Meanwhile, Subway executives at the company's headquarters in Milford, Connecticut were getting tired of the company's longtime ads featuring Jared Fogle, and wanted something to compete with the various dollar menus at McDonald's, Burger King, Wendy's, and Taco Bell. Although several stores were skeptical of offering $5 footlongs, stores in Chicago and Washington, D.C. followed in the Miami stores' footsteps and saw instant sales increases. Some stores in blue-collar neighborhoods (notably East Cleveland, OH locations) were seen offering steeper discounts at the height of the promotion, such as 5 dollar footlong combos with (Sub plus chips/cookie and a drink).
Although Subway didn't require its franchises to implement $5 footlongs, it rolled out the promotion nationally on a limited time basis in March 2008. Sales shot up immediately for the company. To go with the promotion would be the "$5 footlong song" which was deliberately designed to be campy and has in itself spawned a life on its own, including singing contests and as an internet meme.
Today.
There are currently nine $5 footlongs available on a regular basis in North America, and a tenth one as a monthly promotion in the United States. Of the nine regular footlongs, four are exclusive to some Canadian restaurants:
Although this price point is inevitably expected to end at some point in the future due to inflation, Subway plans to keep having some sort of value menu.
United States.
Following the initial $5 footlong promotion's discontinuation in May 2008, Subway created a permanent menu with five footlong subs available at $5 every day. The company also experimented with $5 meals, which include a six-inch sub with a drink and a side. The program remains franchise-optional. In 2009 alone, the various $5 footlong promotions spawned $3.5 billion in sales for Subway.
Throughout every February since 2008, plus the month of September in 2013, Subway sells all 21 regular footlongs for $5 each. Subs in the Premium and Supreme categories cost more.
Canada.
Subway launched the $5 footlong promotion in the province of Ontario on January 11, 2010. It featured the same value submarine sandwiches found on the value menu in the United States, although Canada also made them available as $5 salads. By April 20, 2010, the promotion was extended to Quebec and called "12 pouces, 5$" (12 inches, 5 dollars) in French. The deal was made available throughout Canada on December 30, 2011. Outside of Québec, the promotion ceased by Q4 2012 and now charged at least $5.25 per footlong sub, despite a massive $5 footlong campaign in the previous fiscal quarter. By the end of the year, salads in those regions also faced a price hike, leaving only the egg and cheese footlong at a $5 price point.
For most of Q3 2013, Ontario stores selling $5.25 footlongs now charged $5.50 for them. Québec, however, continues the $5 footlong promotion to this day. The $5 price point returned on September 16, 2013 throughout Canada. It coincides with the United States' "SUBtember" promotion and the launch of a new falafel sub in some Canadian markets. In all cases, prices are set by franchisees and thus may vary per location.
International.
No international $5 footlong promotions exist, except for trial runs in some British Commonwealth nations.
The UK now has their own value menu range where a 6 inch sub (from a limited menu) and a drink costs £3 called a "Subway Lunch" (just under $5, inc taxes) or a footlong as a lunch (again, from a limited menu) will also cost just £5.
In Australian stores a similar campaign runs for it cheapest subs at $7 instead of $5. This is the same pricing as in New Zealand stores.
In India, Subway ran a similar value campaign called 'Sub of the Day'. Each day of the week had a different 'Sub of the Day' and that 6-inch sandwich would be sold for on that day.
Although the Subway Franchisee Advertising Fund and Trust still employs Jared Fogle in its ads, both Fogle's health-conscious ads and any "$5 footlong" ads are run concurrently as separate ads.
In March 2013, Subway started to do a 6-inch select, of which they had a 6-inch sub for $3. The deal ended in May, and had been replaced with the $4 Lunch deal.
Effect on the competition.
Several competitors ended up following Subway's success with the $5 footlongs, including Pizza Hut, Arby's, and KFC, which have introduced similar round price points. Many consumer goods outside of the restaurant industry have also adopted round price points as well. Togo's Sandwiches also has a similar offering, where consumers can purchase a "$5 Daily Special Deal", consisting of that day's sandwich, a drink, and chips, with also the choice of purchasing the sandwich separately for $3.99.
While Subway has allowed the "$5 footlongs" to remain franchise-optional, Burger King took the opposite route, requiring all locations in 2009, both franchised and corporate-owned-and-operated, to sell the double cheeseburger for $1. The move led to over 80% of their franchisees suing the parent chain, claiming that they were losing money on the items selling for $1, and that Burger King couldn't dictate maximum prices. Although Burger King later won the lawsuit, it raised the price of its double cheeseburger to $1.19 in response to the lawsuit.

</doc>
<doc id="31114915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114915" title="Eleuther">
Eleuther

In Greek mythology, the name Eleuther (Ἑλευθήρ) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31114917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114917" title="Jim McCarthy (comics)">
Jim McCarthy (comics)

Jim McCarthy is a British comics creator. He became well known for working on "Bad Company" in "2000 AD" before going on to write a number of graphic novels based on musicians, as well as becoming a music journalist.
He is the brother of Brendan McCarthy.
Biography.
Jim McCarthy studied art at Ealing College, leaving in 1975 and working as an artist in Europe for three years.
He started at "2000 AD" in 1977 and 1978 on "Tharg's Future Shocks", sharing art duties with Brett Ewins, a partnership that would continue on his return in 1986 for their long run on "Bad Company" with Peter Milligan. He would work solo with Milligan, again, on their occult detective series "Bix Barton", and McCarthy would work steadily at "2000 AD" throughout this period until 1996, briefly returning in 2001 and 2002 to draw more "Future Shocks".
McCarthy would return to comics full-time in 2003 writing the first of a number of biographical graphic novels, including "Godspeed: The Kurt Cobain Graphic", that was re-released in digest form in 2011, and "Sex Pistols: The Graphic Novel". The "NME" reported that the former "had proved both controversial and commercially successful. Beaumont artist received death threats from irate fans before "Godspeed" was even published".
He also writes about music, his first piece was about Jah Wobble whom he met when they were both in rehab, and he has since gone on to write a book on Latin rock.
McCarthy is currently based in Sussex.

</doc>
<doc id="31114918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114918" title="Pehr Hörberg">
Pehr Hörberg

Pehr Hörberg was born January 31, 1746 in Virestad parish in Småland, Sweden and died January 24, 1816 in Risinge in Östergötland, Sweden, was a Swedish artist, painter and musician. In 1769 he married the maid Maria Eriksdotter and they had three sons.
Biography.
Pehr Hörberg’s birthplace Virestad is a small town and a village in Älmhult Municipality in Kronoberg County, in Småland, Sweden. It was formerly the central area of the old Virestad parish. The church in Virestad was built of stone 1799-1800 on the site of a former medieval church. Some of its treasures include a pulpit from the 1600s and an altarpiece by Pehr Hörberg. He died in Falla in Hällestad Bergslag, where he owned 1/4 of the homestead, and part of the village Olstorp, in Risinge parish, where he also owned 1/4 of the homestead. Both the fourth in Falla in Hällestad and the fourth in Olstorp in Risinge were mining districts estates, located in Finspång Municipality in Östergötland County. Hörberg got his "huts in an aiding position", so to his own satisfaction that he 25 years later wrote about Olstorp and the farm in Falla, that he had later acquired, that the estates were very important for him.
Early tasks, education, marriage and family.
Pehr Hörberg grew up in a poverty-sticken soldier crofter’s holding Övra Ön and began to craft- and tapestry artist in Småland. Then he started as a professional painter in the rural areas in the Swedish countryside and then he became a county painter in Småland.
He early showed a passion for painting. His works, which he brought forth with primitive colors and materials, caused a sensation and wonder in the district. After a few summers as a shepherd boy, he was apprenticed to a decorative painter in Växjö. He completed his apprentice training and served as crafts- and Church painter in the area of Sävsjö and Eksjö.
In 1769 he married the maid Maria Eriksdotter and together they had three sons. The family lived in poverty in a cottage, but later the family had access to a crofting. In 1783 a long-awaited dream fior him came true. He came to Stockholm and studied for three periods during the years 1783-1787 at the Royal Swedish Academy of Arts in Stockholm.
Study at the Royal Swedish Academy of Arts in Stockholm.
Finally, at the age of 37 years, he got the opportunity to study at the Royal Swedish Academy of Arts (Konstakademien) in Stockholm, on and off, between the years 1783-1786 for the famous Swedish painter Carl Gustaf Pilo (1711–1793), a Swedish-born artist and painter. Carl Gustaf Pilo was named Director of the Swedish Academy in 1777, but first took office in 1780 when he also received an apartment in Stockholm as part of his directorship at the Academy. Carl Gustaf Pilo lived out his days at the Academy, both engaged in the Academy’s business and in painting his masterpiece, the painting of Gustaf III's coronation in Storkyrkan in Stockholm, which he worked on until the very end of his life.
He copied paintings from old masters for the purposes of studying the paintings and the antique plaster sculptures which made a deep impression on him, such as the statue of "Laocoön and His Sons" (50 B.C.) ("Swedish": ""), at that time it was in the Royal Swedish Academy of Arts in Stockholm, and Rembrandt's "The Conspiracy of Claudius Civilis" or "Bataverna’s allegiance" ("Swedish": "Batavernas trohetsed" (1662)). Rembrandt’s oilpainting "The Conspiracy of Claudius Civilis" has been in the ownership of the Royal Swedish Academy of Arts since 1798 and it has been deposited in the Nationalmuseum in Stockholm since 1864.
So, when Pehr Hörberg studied these works of art, the statue Laocoön and His Sons and Rembrandt's oil-painting The Conspiracy of Claudius Civilis, he could see them in his own art school, the Royal Swedish Academy of Arts, (Konstakademien) in Stockholm, where he studied between the years 1783-1786.
The story about the ancient statue Laocoön and His Sons at Royal Swedish Academy of Arts in Stockholm, see the References.
The story about Rembrandt's oilpainting The Conspiracy of Claudius Civilis in Nationalmuseum in Stockholm, see the References.
Hörberg also got permission to study the collection of paintings in Drottningholm and took part of some of the Swedish nobleman, portrait painter and royal court painter Ehrenstrahl's works at the Storkyrkan in Stockholm, Sankt Nikolai kyrka (Church of St. Nicholas), in Gamla Stan in Stockholm. But already during the time in Växjö Hörberg had seen the graphic works of Raphael (Raffaello Sanzio da Urbino, 1483–1520), the Italian master painter and architect in High Renaissance, and Wierix renaissance works with its numerous figurative scenes in classicism surroundings. The Wierix family (or "Wierix" and other variants) were a Flemish dynasty of printmakers in engraving printmakers in the 16th and early 17th centuries, active in Antwerp and Brussels.
A painting, which he admired particularly strong and often returned to, was the altarpiece in Växjö Cathedral with the motif "The Ordain of the Communion", painted in 1733 by the Swedish painter Georg Engelhard Schröder.
Purchase of the new homestead in Östergötland.
In 1788, Pehr Hörberg purchased a homestead in Olstorp in Risinge near Finspång in Östergötland. That was a real estate business that must have brought attention among the peasants in Rising and especially in Olstorp was made up in 1788. Then the crofter son from Småland, ”The Royal Court Painter”, Pehr Hörberg, bought a fourth part mantal by Chamberlain Jean Jacques De Geer (1737–1809), a Swedish baron and upper-class chamberlain.
In March 1790, Pehr Hörberg moved to Rising in Östergötland, where he had bought his new homestead Olstorp in Östergötland. Chamberlain Jean-Jacques De Geer af Finspång (1737–1809), at Finspång castle, gave him commissioned works in quantity and he also got assignments for the church. He dedicated himself quickly knowledge and appropriated rococo art soft colors and Carl Gustaf Pilo's chiaroscuro, and impressions especially from Rembrandt.
During his time in Olstorp, Pehr Hörberg painted most of his altarpieces. And when he portrayed ""Jesus’ Sermon on the Mount"" in Risinge Church’s altarpiece a piece of Olstorp’s nature formed the framework. Just where "riksväg 51" is today in a slight downhill slope approaching the parish border with Hällestad, there is, north of the road, a small rocky knoll. ”There the Master is sitting!” At least this is what many people believe. The dwelling-house on "Hörbergsgården" (Hörberg farm) has been rebuilt several times. The entrance door was moved, the roof was raised and so on. Today's house probably looks quite different from when Pehr Hörberg built it.
Commission for painting altarpieces.
He was commissioned to paint altarpieces for a large number of churches in several parishes, especially from the parishes in Småland and Östergötland. Consequently he got orders for painting the altarpieces.
The altarpiece in Årstad Church.
Sometimes he carried the altarpieces in huge format. The large format of the altarpiece in the Årstad Church, Falkenberg, is over 42 sqm. Årstad parish is a locality situated in Falkenberg Municipality in Halland County.
Some famous altarpieces.
Some famous altarpieces, most of them in Östergötland and Södermanland, out of his 87 altarpieces are:
Algutsboda Church, Asarum Church in Karlshamn, Björsäter Church, Foss Church, Gryt Church, Gustaf Church, Hedvig Church in Norrköping, Husby Oppunda Church, Hycklinge Church, Hölö Church, Häradshammar Church, Konungsund Church, Kvarsebo Church in 1810-1813, Kvillinge Church, Norra Ljunga Church, Loshult Church (Nowadays the painting is stolen), Lunda Church in Södermanlands county, Rappestad Church, Risinge Church, Risinge old Church (Sankta Maria Church)., Regna Church, Rystad Church in Linköping diocese, Skeda Church, Skrukeby Church, Stigtomta Church, Stora Malm Church, Svenarum Church, Svennevad Church in Strängnäs diocese, Svärta Church, Sund Church, Söndrum Church, St. Olai Church in Norrköping, St. Lars Church in Linköping, Tingstad Church, Tåby Church in Linköping, Tjällmo Church, Vapnö Church, Virestad Church, Vrigstad Church, Vårdsberg Church, Västerlösa Church, Årstad Church, Östra Husby Church, Östra Skrukeby Church in Linköping diocese and Vissefjärda Church.
Moreover Hörberg also painted in the Templet in Åtvidaberg in 1809. Baron Erik Göran Adelswärd (1751–1810) was a Swedish baron, military, landlord and politician, who constructed the ”Templet” at Bysjön in Åtvidaberg. The prototype was a round temple in the park at Versailles. The painted ceilings, which is an allegory about the mining industry in Åtvidaberg, is made by Pehr Hörberg. The romantic temple is one of many buildings that are part of the gardens around Adelsnäs, which was in possession of Adelswärd. Another is "Solkanonen". Today the temple is an oasis at the beach Bysjön. Pehr Hörberg also painted the ceiling in Åtvidaberg Church in 1809. Here is a picture of the temple.
The first Swedish arts incipient romantic.
The year before his death, in 1815, Pehr Hörberg painted his 87th altarpiece, which also was his last. He takes up the Geatish motif ("Swedish": Götiska Förbundet) and he is the first Swedish arts incipient romantic. The 87 altarpieces he painted were mainly in Linköping diocese. He was a godly man and he spent a lot of feeling in his altar paintings. He was honest as clear water. He also painted easel paintings with religious, mythological and historical subjects and still life and moreover he made engravings, woodcuts and tapestries. The drawings often reveal his lack of education, but the compositions are often grand and lively, the colors are highly impressive and the atmosphere, especially in his religious motives, are heartfelt. Hörberg’s altarpieces associates with a previous tradition of chiaroscuro paintings with elements of baroque lighting effects and a classicism environment.
"Pehr Hörbergs väg", a way in Södra Ängby in Bromma in Stockholm, is named after the artist Pehr Hörberg. In Södra Ängby there are seventeen ways named after Swedish artists.
Pehr Hörberg wrote an autobiography in 1787. The book by Pehr Hörberg was called: ""Min lefwernes beskrifvning"" (The description of my life). The book was written in 1791 with additional text in 1815 and it was published in 1968 by Risinge Hembygdsförening and Östgöta konstförening, with introductions by Bengt Cnattingius. In 1796 Pehr Hörberg became a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Arts and royal court painter. He was a popular and respected artist.
Holdings.
Hörberg's portraits are held in the following locations:
Musicianship.
A lesser known side of Pehr Hörberg was his career as a musician. He both wrote and made music. A number of songs for/of Pehr Hörberg has been in folk circles and still today they are fairly widespread. Among other melodies, "Pigopolska" and "Pehr Hörberg’s julpolska" (Christmas polska) are his work. Pigopolskan is a reel in g-minor and it is a type of polonaise / polonesse / slängpolska or swinging reel.
Polonesse (French Polonaise, Polish Polonez) is the commonly used name of Polonaise in ¾-beat in elderly Swedish fiddler books. In the South and East of Sweden the dance usually is called slängpolska, while many other names are used on the local dance forms, such as Bingsjöpolska, Leksandslåt, Hälsingepolska, etc. When the dance was introduced in Sweden in the early 1700s it was a graceful dance in a relaxed tempo and the dance was of the accompanied by minuet, sometimes as a single dance (suite) to the same melody. During the 1700s century the polonesse was evolved from eightbeat polonesse (not to be confused with the eight Polish) to sixteenth polonesse (commonly called the sixteenth Polish) and locally also in the faster tempo and wilder dance. In the border areas of Norway the eightbeat polonesse with triplets quickly got its own line of development.
The ""Slängpolska"" ("släng" Swed. for "toss, throw, chuck") is a Swedish folk dance and sometimes also the description of certain folk music tunes. The dances bearing the name slängpolska can be divided into two major types. The first type is for two or four people, and is one of the sixteenth-note versions of the polska. The second type of slängpolska is more related to other polskas than to the above slängpolska type, in that the couples move counterclockwise around the periphery of the room, and choose to do so with or without rotation clockwise around an internal axis, one full rotation for each measure. The music of Sweden shares the tradition of Nordic folk dance music with its neighbouring countries, including polka, schottische, waltz, polska and mazurka. The accordion, clarinet, fiddle and nyckelharpa (keyed fiddle) are among the most common Swedish folk instruments. This instrumental genre is the biggest one in Swedish traditional music. A nyckelharpa (literally "key harp", plural nyckelharpor or sometimes keyed fiddle) is a traditional Swedish musical instrument. It is a string instrument or chordophone. Its keys are attached to tangents which, when a key is depressed, serve as frets to change the pitch of the string. The nyckelharpa is similar in appearance to a fiddle or the bowed Byzantine lira. Structurally, it is more closely related to the hurdy gurdy, both employing key-actuated tangents to change the pitch.
The polonaise is a slow dance of Polish origin, in 3/4time. Its name is French for "Polish". The polonaise had a rhythm quite close to that of the Swedish semiquaver or sixteenth-note polska, and the two dances have a common origin.
The polska is a family of music and dance forms shared by the Nordic countries: called polsk in Denmark, polska in Sweden and Finland and by several names in Norway in different regions and/or for different variants - including pols, rundom, springleik, and springar. The polska is almost always seen as a partner dance in 3/4-beat, although variants in 2/4 time and for two or more couples exist. As suggested by the name, the roots of the polska are often traced back to the influence of the Polish court throughout the northern countries during the early 17th century. (Polska also means Polish in Swedish, though the pronunciation may be different: "Polish" is pronounced Paul-ska by some speakers and Poll-ska by others, while the dance is always pronounced Poll-ska.) In Sweden, the polska music tradition is continuous, with tunes and styles passed down through families, relatives and neighbors.
Sheet of music, notes, to the reel has been found on the backside of an altarpiece of Pehr Hörberg. The title of the notes reads "Pigopolskan – den ägta". There are two records, discs, with the Pigopolskan, one of them is Bengt Löfberg’s "Luringen" and the other is Sågskäras "Krook", the latter has been transposed to a-minor. The reel is a folk dance type as well as the accompanying dance tune type. In Scottish country dancing, the reel is one of the four traditional dances, the others being the jig, the strathspey and the waltz, and is also the name of a dance figure. In Irish dance, a reel is any dance danced to music in reel time (see below). In Irish stepdance, the reel is danced in soft shoes and is one of the first dances taught to students. There is also a treble reel, danced in hard shoes to reel music.

</doc>
<doc id="31114919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114919" title="Salvadorian Magpie">
Salvadorian Magpie

The Salvadorian Magpie is a bird found in Jamaica. It is not related to El Salvador, but the word that means thin winged in Latin. The bird is black and has yellow eyes. In the sun it appears that the bird is a dark blue.

</doc>
<doc id="31114924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114924" title="Sagi Haviv">
Sagi Haviv

Sagi Haviv (born 1974 in Israel) is a New York-based graphic designer and a partner in the design firm Chermayeff & Geismar & Haviv. Called a "logo prodigy" by The New Yorker, and a "wunderkind" by Out magazine, he is best known for having designed the trademarks and visual identities for a diverse array of institutions such as the Library of Congress, Conservation International, the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation, Harvard University Press, the Milwaukee Institute of Art & Design, the International Tchaikovsky Competition, and others, as well as for international commercial brands such as Armani Exchange.
Biography.
Haviv was born in Kibbutz Nachshonim, Israel, where spent his early life. He studied in the art high school Telma Yelin in Givataim.
In 1996, Haviv moved to New York. He studied graphic design at the The Cooper Union School of Art where he earned a Bachelor of Fine Arts. 
Haviv began his design career when he joined Chermayeff & Geismar in 2003. There he created "Logomotion"—a ten-minute motion graphics tribute to the firm’s famous trademarks that was not only the first animated trademark sequence of such scope, but also introduced a new approach to showcasing a firm’s portfolio. The piece won prestigious awards in Tokyo and in New York and was exhibited in New york (2003), at the Corcoran Gallery of Art in Washington DC (2004), the Ginza Graphic Gallery in Tokyo (2005), Centro in Mexico City (2006), and the Pera Museum Istanbul (2007). 
In 2005, Sagi Haviv became partner at Chermayeff & Geismar, where he has since developed institutional and corporate identities, print and motion graphics and art in architecture for a divers array of clients worldwide—in Japan, Korea, India, Taiwan, Mexico, Dubai, Turkey, and Russia—as well as throughout the United States. 
Haviv’s motion graphics work includes the main titles for the PBS documentary series Carrier, and the 2010 PBS documentary series Circus, and a typographic animation for the centerpiece performance at Alicia Keys’s Black Ball, 2009 for Keep A Child Alive. 
Sagi Haviv teaches corporate identity design at The School of Visual Arts in New York City. 
In 2011, he co-authored with his partners, Tom Geismar and Ivan Chermayeff the book "Identify: Basic Principles of Identity Design in the Iconic Trademarks" (ISBN 978-1440310324).
Awards.
In 2004, Haviv received the Tokyo Type Directors Club award for Logomotion, for which he also won an award from the New York Art Directors Club.

</doc>
<doc id="31114940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114940" title="Nizza (Turin Metro)">
Nizza (Turin Metro)

Nizza is a station of the Turin Metro. The station was opened on March 6, 2011.
The station is in the busy, commercial district of central Torino, on the via Nizza. It is located within walking distance to the Torino Exposition Center and Castello del Valentino.

</doc>
<doc id="31114965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31114965" title="Allan Clarke (footballer born 1954)">
Allan Clarke (footballer born 1954)

Allan Clarke (born 26 July 1954) is an English former professional footballer who played as a left winger. He played in the Football League for Crewe and York City.

</doc>
<doc id="31115000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31115000" title="Fiacre's First and Foremost">
Fiacre's First and Foremost

Ch. Fiacre's First and Foremost (born 9 September 2007), also known as Fiona, is a Dalmatian bred to have low levels of uric acid. She is registered to the United Kennel Club Dalmatian Breed Club in America and was registered with the American Kennel Club in 2011, when LUA Dalmatians were granted entry into the AKC. She became the first low uric acid Dalmatian to compete at Crufts in the United Kingdom in 2011.
Background and early life.
Dr. Robert Schaible started a breeding program in 1973 to outcross an American Kennel Club (AKC) champion Dalmatian with a Pointer to correct a genetic defect in the Dalmatian breed that affects the metabolism of uric acid. This condition can lead to a variety of complications, including urate crystal arthropathy, bladder stones, obstruction of the urinary tract and potentially death.
Fiona was born on September 9, 2007, in Nevada, her unique breeding name being "Fiacre's First and Foremost". She has liver spots. She is the 15th generation of the cross conducted by Dr. Schaible, which makes her 99.98% Dalmatian.
She has been tested for the mutated gene that causes high uric acid levels, and the results showed she carried the normal genes for uric acid levels. Dogs with a single normal gene will have low levels of uric acid, but their offspring can have either high or low levels of uric acid; however, dogs like Fiona who have two normal genes have low uric acid levels and all of their offspring will have low levels of uric acid, regardless of the dog to which it is bred.
Show career.
She completed her championship in the UKC after four shows. By the time she was six months old, she placed Reserve Best in Show on three occasions, and won one Best in Show. She became the UKC top-ranked Dalmatian for 2008 and 2009, winning the Companion Group at the UKC's premier show, the first time a Dalmatian has achieved this. At the show in 2010, Fiona became a UKC "Total" dog, winning the conformation competition and receiving a qualifying score in a performance event.
In August 2010, she was moved to live with Julie Evans in Barmouth, North Wales. Julie had been working to convince The Kennel Club (UK) to register low uric Dalmatians. Two Kennel Club judges assessed Fiona and confirmed she was a Dalmatian and eligible to compete at Kennel Club shows. At her first show in the UK at the British Utility Breeds Association (BUBA), she placed third in the Limit Bitch class out of 13 entries, which qualified her to compete at the 2011 Crufts show. At three further shows, she placed Best of Breed twice and won the group once. As qualification for Crufts is earned in shows in the year prior to the event, Fiona placed Second Limit Bitch at the Boston and District Canine Society on January 9, 2011, qualifying her for Crufts in 2012.
Fiona's entry at Crufts has caused some uproar among traditionalists. Anne Harcraft, a dog breeder, said, "This is a dog that is not purebred. This is a mongrel. You can't cross a Dalmatian with a pointer and say it's a Dalmatian. This is unethical and I'd be disgusted if the dog won." Jemima Harrison, the producer of "Pedigree Dogs Exposed", said of the criticism Fiona has received, "It is astonishing but true that the majority of breeders would rather have sick dogs than allow a single drop of foreign blood to taint their breeds." The Utility Group competition, of which the Dalmatian breed is part, at Crufts 2011 took place on March 13, 2011. Bookmaker William Hill gave odds of 16 to 1 for Fiona to win Best in Breed. Fiona ultimately did not place, with best of breed going to Ch. Dalmark The Shaded Moon at Nospar JW.
In 2012, Fiona returned to the United States and completed her championship with the American Kennel Club in 2012 with five major wins.

</doc>
<doc id="31115035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31115035" title="Virgin Classics">
Virgin Classics

Virgin Classics was a French record label founded in 1988 as part of Richard Branson's Virgin Records.
The unit, along with EMI Classics, was acquired by Universal Music in 2012 as part of the takeover of the EMI Group, however the terms of the European Commission's September 2012 approval of the takeover requires divestment of the classical labels which were sold on 7 February 2013 to Warner Music Group. The European Union approved the deal on May 2013. Warner Music's Warner Classics unit absorbed the Virgin Classics artists roster and catalogue into Erato Records but lost the rights to use either EMI or Virgin names.

</doc>
<doc id="31115054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31115054" title="Dante (Turin Metro)">
Dante (Turin Metro)

Dante is a station of the Turin Metro. The station was opened on March 6, 2011.
The station is in the busy, commercial district of central Torino, on the via Nizza. It is located within walking distance to the Castello del Valentino as well as the medical center of Torino, including the CTO Orthopedic Hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="31115055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31115055" title="Arizona Public Service Co. v. Snead">
Arizona Public Service Co. v. Snead

Arizona Public Service Co. v. Snead, , was a United States Supreme Court case in which the Court held that a New Mexico tax on the generation of electricity was invalid under the Supremacy Clause of the United States Constitution. Snead was the director of the New Mexico Taxation and Revenue Department.
Background.
Most of the electricity generated at the Four Corners Generating Station located in northwest New Mexico is transmitted for export and sold in neighboring states. In 1975 New Mexico enacted the Electrical Energy Tax Act, which imposed a tax on the amount of electricity generated by power plants. The tax amounted to about 2 percent of the retail value of electricity. The Act further allowed electric companies in New Mexico to credit the amount of this tax against their existing tax liability from an existing 4 percent gross receipts tax on retail sales of electricity, essentially eliminating the effect of the tax upon New Mexico's in-state users of electricity. Electricity generated from in-state power plants but exported for sale to out-of-state customers did not have any gross receipts tax liability to credit the energy tax against.
The five out-of-state electric companies with an ownership interest in the Four Corners Generating Station, Arizona Public Service Company, Southern California Edison, Public Service Company of New Mexico, Salt River Project, Tucson Electric Power, and El Paso Electric, filed an action in the district court of Santa Fe County seeking a declaratory judgment that the New Mexico energy tax was unconstitutional and void. In addition to the ownership interest in the Four Corners Generating Station, Tucson Electric Power also had a part ownership interest in the San Juan Generating Station and El Paso Electric owned and operated the Rio Grande Generating Station, both of which were also located in New Mexico.
While the state district court case was pending, Arizona filed a motion with the U.S. Supreme Court regarding the New Mexico energy tax. The motion requested authorization to file an action against New Mexico under the Court's original jurisdiction. In "Arizona v. New Mexico", 425 U.S. 794 (1976), the Court denied the motion, noting that the pending state court case was the appropriate forum for litigation of the same issues involving the New Mexico energy tax.
After opposing motions for summary judgment were filed in the district court, the court ruled for New Mexico. The electric companies appealed the case to the New Mexico Supreme Court. While the appeal was pending before the court, the United States Congress enacted the Tax Reform Act of 1976 and included a provision regarding the New Mexico energy tax. The provision, codified at 15 U.S.C. § 391, stated:
The New Mexico Supreme Court issued a ruling in 1978 and found that the state energy tax was valid. The court concluded, if the total tax burden on the electric companies was considered, that since the tax on electricity generated was applicable to both electricity sold in-state and out-of-state, and that the credit against the state gross receipts tax was available to both in-state and out-of-state electric companies, it did not result in a discriminatory tax burden. The electric companies then appealed to the U.S. Supreme Court, claiming that the tax violated the Commerce and of the Constitution and was invalid under 15 U.S.C. § 391.
Opinion of the Court.
The Supreme Court reversed the New Mexico Supreme Court, holding that the New Mexico energy tax was invalid under the Supremacy Clause since it violated 15 U.S.C. § 391. The Court noted that the statute was directed specifically at a state tax on generation or transmission of electricity and not on the overall tax burden of electric companies. As the New Mexico Electrical Energy Tax on generation ensured locally consumed electricity had no tax burden, it violated that statute. The Court stated that Congress, in enacting the ban on these types of state taxes and against the New Mexico tax in particular, had broad authority under the Commerce Clause to regulate interstate commerce, as the Court had held in cases such as "Katzenbach v. McClung", 379 U.S. 294 (1964), "Heart of Atlanta Motel Inc. v. United States", 379 U.S. 241 (1964), and "Wickard v. Filburn", 317 U.S. 111 (1942).
In a concurring opinion, Justice Rehnquist noted that when 15 U.S.C. 391 had been discussed by the Senate, it had been stated that the statute had supposedly been drafted to do no more than what the Commerce Clause would accomplish on its own terms. However, the statute did more than that, and forbids the New Mexico energy tax.

</doc>
<doc id="31115161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31115161" title="List of Ultratop 50 number-one singles of 2011">
List of Ultratop 50 number-one singles of 2011

These hits topped the Belgian Ultratop 50 in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31115169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31115169" title="Francisco Fabián y Fuero">
Francisco Fabián y Fuero

Francisco Fabián y Fuero (7 August 1719 Terzaga, Aragon – 3 August 1801 Torrehermosa) was a Spanish Roman Catholic bishop.
Biography.
He studied in Calatayud and Alcalá, and was at different times rector of the colleges of San Antonio de Siguenza and Santa Cruz, in Valladolid. He was appointed bishop of Puebla, Mexico, in 1764, and was present at the fourth Mexican provincial synod in 1771. He resigned his bishopric in 1773. On his return to Spain, he was promoted archbishop of Valencia, and retired in 1795 to the place of his birth.
At Puebla he introduced many improvements; founded in the seminary of that city several chairs of learning, organized an academy of literature, and founded a library, which he enriched with select works and a printing press. He reorganized the discipline of the convents, and established a college to educate Indian youths. Fuero left many interesting manuscripts, and published a volume on scientific subjects (1772).

</doc>
<doc id="31115205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31115205" title="Yoann Rapinier">
Yoann Rapinier

Yoann Rapinier (born September 29, 1989 in Pontoise, France) is a French triple jumper of Martiniquan descent.

</doc>
<doc id="31115249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31115249" title="Carducci-Molinette (Turin Metro)">
Carducci-Molinette (Turin Metro)

Carducci-Molinette is a station of the Turin Metro. The station was opened on March 6, 2011.
Carducci-Molinette station is in the busy, commercial district of central Torino, on the via Nizza in Piazza Carducci (named after Giosuè Carducci). It is located within walking distance to the Torino Exposition Center and the Torino medical center.

</doc>
<doc id="31115267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31115267" title="Nowotny phase">
Nowotny phase

In inorganic chemistry, a Nowotny chimney ladder phase (NCL phase) is a particular intermetallic crystal structure found with certain binary compounds. NLC phases are generally tetragonal and are composed of two separate sublattices. The first is a tetragonal array of transition metal atoms, generally from group 4 through group 9 of the periodic table. Contained within this array of transition metal atoms is a second network of main group atoms, typically from group 13 (boron group) or group 14 (carbon group). The transition metal atoms form a chimney with helical zigzag chain. The main-group elements form a ladder spiraling around the transition metal helix. 
The phase is named after one of the early investigators H. Nowotny. Examples are RuGa2, Mn4Si7, Ru2Ge3, Ir3Ga5, Ir4Ge5 V17Ge31, Cr11Ge19, Mn11Si19, Mn15Si26, Mo9Ge16, Mo13Ge23, Rh10Ga17, and Rh17Ge22.
In RuGa2 the ruthenium atoms in the chimney are separated by 329 pm. The gallium atoms spiral around the Ru chimney with a Ga–Ga intrahelix distance of 257 pm. The view perpendicular to the chimney axis is that of a hexagonal lattice with gallium atoms occupying the vertices and ruthenium atoms occupying the center. Each gallium atom bonds to 5 other gallium atoms forming a distorted trigonal bipyramid. The gallium atoms carry a positive charge and the ruthenium atoms have a formal charge of −2 (filled 4d shell).
In Ru2Sn3 the ruthenium atoms spiral around the tin inner helix. In two dimension the Ru atoms form a tetragonal lattice with the tin atoms appearing as triangular units in the Ru channels. 
The occurrence of a LCP phase can be predicted by the so-called 14 electron rule. In it the total number of valence electrons per transition metal atom is 14.

</doc>
<doc id="31115274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31115274" title="Amos Dean">
Amos Dean

Amos Dean (January 16, 1803 – January 26, 1868) was the first President of the University of Iowa, serving from 1855-1859.

</doc>
<doc id="31115283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31115283" title="McCarran Amendment">
McCarran Amendment

The McCarran Amendment, 43 U.S.C. § 666 (1952)
The McCarran Amendment waives the United States' sovereign immunity in cases suits concerning ownership or management of water rights, as long as they might be affected by the result of the suit. It gives others the right to join in such a lawsuit as a defendant. Prior to the Amendment, sovereign immunity kept the United States from being joined in any suits. The Amendment enabled suits concerning federal water rights to be tried in state courts.
The McCarran Amendment reads in full:
(a) Joinder of United States as defendant; costs
Consent is given to join the United States as a defendant in any suit
(1) for the adjudication of rights to the use of water of a river system or other source, or
(2) for the administration of such rights, where it appears that the United States is the owner of or is in the process of acquiring water rights by appropriation under State law, by purchase, by exchange, or otherwise, and the United States is a necessary party to such suit. The United States, when a party to any such suit, shall
(1) be deemed to have waived any right to plead that the State laws are inapplicable or that the United States is not amenable thereto by reason of its sovereignty, and
(2) shall be subject to the judgments, orders, and decrees of the court having jurisdiction, and may obtain review thereof, in the same manner and to the same extent as a private individual under like circumstances: Provided, That no judgment for costs shall be entered against the United States in any such suit.
(b) Service of summons
Summons or other process in any such suit shall be served upon the Attorney General or his designated representative.
(c) Joinder in suits involving use of interstate streams by State
Nothing in this section shall be construed as authorizing the joinder of the United States in any suit or controversy in the Supreme Court of the United States involving the right of States to the use of the water of any interstate stream.
While the original amendment specified that state courts only held concurrent jurisdiction in state and federal district courts in water rights adjudication cases under the McCarran Act, the case Colorado River Water Conservation District v. United States, 424 U.S. 800 (1976) specified that all water rights adjudication cases must originate in state court, though they can be appealed later to federal courts.
Many Indian legal scholars hoped the McCarran Act would not require origination in state courts in the Western states that joined the union late and were held under a "disclaimer clause," however the Supreme Court found that the Colorado River Water Conservation District case applied to all states in the 1985 Arizona v. San Carlos Apache Tribe case.
This case had an extraordinary affect on the adjudication of Indian reserved water rights, though some legal scholars argue that it was never intended to apply to Indian reservations. Elizabeth McCallister argued in 1976 American Indian Law Review article that legislative history shows proponents of the bill were more concerned with adjudication of individual water rights against the United States, rather than claims against Indian reservations. In fact, the acting secretary of the Interior at the time argued such a law should only be enacted if it explicitly excluded Indian reservations.
As a result of the McCarran Amendment and subsequent test cases, many Indian tribes have opted to quantify reserved water rights through negotiations rather than outright adjudication, as water rights adjudication in state court has often held poor results for tribes, and has proven very costly.

</doc>
<doc id="31115297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31115297" title="Ibiza '06">
Ibiza '06

Ibiza '06 is a compilation album by German trance producer Markus Schulz.

</doc>
<doc id="31115338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31115338" title="Dzmitry Dziatsuk">
Dzmitry Dziatsuk

Dzmitry Dziatsuk (born April 9, 1985) is a Belarusian triple jumper.

</doc>
<doc id="31115351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31115351" title="Christine Luchok Fallon">
Christine Luchok Fallon

Christine Luchok Fallon is the 16th Reporter of Decisions of the United States Supreme Court. Fallon began her service in 2011 and is the first woman to hold the position.
Fallon served as Deputy Reporter of Decisions since February 1989, writing syllabi and editing the opinions of the Court for release and publication in the United States Reports. From 1982-1989, Fallon served as a legal editor at the Research Institute of America in Washington, D.C., where she supervised an editorial staff of seven attorneys, writing, revising, and supplementing loose-leaf employment law publications. Prior to that, she practiced law in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and Tallahassee, Florida. Fallon has been active in the Association of Reporters of Judicial Decisions, serving as president, vice president, and secretary. She also chaired and served on the Association's Education and Honors Committees.
Fallon earned her Bachelors degree at West Virginia University, graduating "magna cum laude" in 1974, and her J.D. at the Columbus School of Law at The Catholic University of America in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="31115353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31115353" title="Patricia Garfield">
Patricia Garfield

Patricia Garfield, Ph.D. 
Patricia Garfield, Ph.D., is an internationally recognized authority on dreams. She is the author of 10 published books covering a broad range of dream topics. These topics include: nightmares, children’s dreams, healing through dreams and dream-related art. Her best-known work is “Creative Dreaming.” Originally published in 1974 it was revised and reprinted again in 1995.
The International Association for the Study of Dreams (IASD).
Garfield is one of the six co-founders of The International Association for the Study of Dreams (IASD), originally called the Association for the Study of Dreams (ASD). The IASD is a non-profit, international, multidisciplinary organization dedicated to the “pure and applied investigation of dreams and dreaming.” Garfield’s five ASD co-founders are: Strephon Kaplan Williams, Jeremy Taylor, Gayle Delaney, John Van Damm, and Stephen LaBerge. Garfield was the President of the ASD from 1998 to 1999.
Garfield’s Publications.
1. Delfine the Dream Girl anticipated publication date, late 2011.
2. Mourning Dove: Dream Poems, Numina Books, 2007.
3. ""'Dream Catcher: A Young Person's Journal for Exploring Dreams, Tundra Books, 2003.
4. The Dream Book: A Young Person's Guide to Understanding Dreams,""' Tundra Books, 2002. Winner of the "Parent's Guide Children's Media Award."
5. The Universal Dream Key, HarperCollins, 2001.
6. The Dream Messenger: How Dreams of the Departed Bring Healing Gifts, Simon & Schuster, 1997.
7. Creative Dreaming: Plan And Control Your Dreams to Develop Creativity, Overcome Fears, Solve Problems, and Create a Better Self, Simon & Schuster, first printed in 1974, reprinted with 19 domestic printings and nine foreign editions in 1976. Revised and reprinted in 1995.
8. The Healing Power of Dreams, Simon & Schuster, 1991, with two foreign editions.
9. ""'Women's Bodies, Women's Dreams, Ballantine Books, 1988.
10. Your Child's Dreams, Ballantine Books, 1984, three foreign editions.
11. Pathway to Ecstasy: The Way of the Dream Mandala,""' Holt, Rinehart and Winston, 1979, one foreign edition, Prentice Hall, 1989, trade edition.

</doc>
<doc id="31115354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31115354" title="Bismack Biyombo">
Bismack Biyombo

Bismack Biyombo Sumba (born August 28, 1992) is a Congolese professional basketball center with the Charlotte Hornets of the National Basketball Association (NBA). Biyombo was selected with the 7th overall pick in the 2011 NBA draft by the Sacramento Kings and subsequently traded to the Charlotte Bobcats.
Biography.
Biyombo, who was born in Lubumbashi, was discovered by the former Jordanian and Angolan and current Portuguese national team head coach, Mário Palma, at the age of 16 at a youth tournament in Yemen. His play impressed the coach and earned him an opportunity to train in Spain.
Biyombo started the 2009–10 season with Fuenlabrada-Getafe Madrid of the EBA before moving to CB Illescas of the LEB Silver league. He also started the 2010–11 season with CB Illescas before moving to Baloncesto Fuenlabrada of the ACB league in January 2011.
Professional career.
Biyombo made his debut in the Spanish ACB League with Fuenlabrada against DKV Joventut on January 9, 2011, recording 5 points and 7 rebounds in just over 13 minutes of play. In Fuenlabrada's narrow defeat to Real Madrid, he recorded 6 points and 3 blocks, one of them against former Spanish League MVP and Spanish national team player, Felipe Reyes.
At the 2011 Nike Hoops Summit, Biyombo participated for the World Select Team (against the USA Select Team), and recorded a triple double, with 12 points, 11 rebounds, and 10 blocks. It was the first recorded triple double in the Summit's history.
Biyombo was drafted 7th overall by the Sacramento Kings in the 2011 NBA draft, but his rights were later traded to the Charlotte Bobcats in a draft night trade. On December 19, 2011, Biyombo signed a multi-year deal with the Bobcats.

</doc>
<doc id="31115389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31115389" title="Lingotto (Turin Metro)">
Lingotto (Turin Metro)

Lingotto is a station of the Turin Metro. The station was opened on March 6, 2011.
Lingotto metro station is located in the busy, commercial district of southcentral Torino, on the via Nizza. It is located within walking distance to the Torino Lingotto, Eataly, Torino Palavela and the Oval Lingotto. It is also within walking distance to the CTO Hospital (Turin), a major orthopedic teaching hospital in Torino.

</doc>
<doc id="31115405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31115405" title="1970 Houston Women's Invitation">
1970 Houston Women's Invitation

The 1970 Houston Women's Invitation (also known as the Virginia Slims Invitation for sponsorship reasons) was a women's only tennis tournament. The tournament was the first women only tournament and was created by Gladys Heldman.
The tournament was held in protest to the unfair distribution of prize money at tennis events. The women objected to the Pacific Southwest Championships offering a 12:1 ratio split in prize money. Eight women, including Billie Jean King, went with Heldman to play in this one-off tournament.
The Houston Women's invitation received sponsorship from Virginia Slims, making the total prize purse $7,500. The event was contested by eight players and took place at the same time as the Pacific Southwest Championships. The tournament was won by Rosie Casals when she beat Judy Dalton of Australia in the final.
Background.
Until the Houston event, all women's tournaments were held alongside men's tennis events. These events were part of the Grand Prix series for women, but unlike the men's series, without a season-ending championship. The Open era began with the British Hard Court Championships in Bournemouth in 1968. At the first Open Wimbledon, the prize-fund difference was 2.5:1 in favour of men. Billie Jean King won £750 for taking the title, while Rod Laver took £2,000. The total purses of the competitions were £14,800 for men and £5,680 for women. By the 1970s, the pay which had been 2.5:1 ratio between men and women increased. In 1969, ratios of 5:1 in terms of pay were common at smaller tournaments; by 1970, these figures increased to 8:1 and even 12:1.
In the locker rooms at Forest Hills, the women tennis professionals argued about whether to boycott the Pacific Southwest Championship. The idealists in the group wanted to make a point before 12:1 ratios were the norm. Others wanted no part in a rebellion. When it looked as if the group would get nowhere, Heldman walked into the locker room and announced her plan for the Houston Women's Invitation.
Opposition.
When Heldman first told Kramer of her tournament, he stated that he would not oppose the tournament. Once Kramer spoke with his friends at the USLTA, he changed his mind and decided that he would object to the tournament taking place; since the women needed USLTA sanctioning to be allowed to proceed. The USLTA, according to King, tried to pin the blame on Perry Jones, the president of Southern California Tennis Association, who at the time was in a coma. The USLTA sent a telegram to Heldman allegedly signed by him. Jones died the next day.
Sanctions.
Two days before the tournament, Alaster Martin, president of the USLTA, sent an ultimatum to the players planning to take part in the tournament. His message stated that the USLTA would suspend any player involved, meaning that could not play in Wightman or Federation Cup competition. Their future at the Grand Slams would also be in doubt. Before the tournament started, Stan Malless, chairman of the USLTA's scheduling committee, called the group planning to play in the tournament. Malless stated that they could have a sanctioned amateur tournament with no prize money. If they chose this option, they could play for $7,500 in "money under the table". If they played for the money honestly, they would be suspended. The women chose the latter. They signed one-week contracts with Heldman to protect the racquet club from sanctions. With the start of the tournament an hour away and the contracts not signed, King phoned Martin to give him one last chance. Martin offered no money deal and could only offer two tournaments for women: the US Indoor Championships and the US Open. King put the phone down walked away, and with the other eight women signed Heldman's contract. The USLTA suspended the players the next day.
Players.
Two other players had to withdraw from the event: Patti Hogan withdrew because she did not want to take the risk and stand against the establishment. Margaret Court withdrew as she had just lost to Chris Evert, who was 15 at the time, after completing her Grand Slam.
Tournament.
Joseph Cullman added an additional $2,500 making the purse stand at $7,500. Cullman was the chairman of Philip Morris and lent the company's Virginia Slims brand to the event. The tournament was therefore called the Virginia Slims Invitation.
Aftermath.
During the tournament, Barry MacKay, chairman of the Pacific Coast Championships, called Heldman with an offer. Following all the publicity surrounding her event MacKay had decided to increase the women's prize fund for a draw of 32 players from $2,000 to $4,400. Heldman declined and stated that her players would play for a purse of $11,000. MacKay called the next day and agreed to the demands.
After the event, the women voted for Heldman to run a new women's only tour. This became the Virginia Slims Circuit, with Phillip Morris continuing their link and sponsoring 8 of the 16 tournaments on the schedule.

</doc>
<doc id="31115423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31115423" title="2010–11 UNC Asheville Bulldogs men's basketball team">
2010–11 UNC Asheville Bulldogs men's basketball team

The 2010–11 UNC Asheville Bulldogs men's basketball team represented the University of North Carolina at Asheville during the 2010–11 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Bulldogs, led by 15th year head coach Ed Biedenbach, played their home games at the Justice Center and are members of the Big South Conference. They finished the season 20–14, 11–7 in Big South play and were champions of the 2011 Big South Conference Men's Basketball Tournament to earn an automatic bid in the 2011 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament. They defeated Arkansas–Little Rock in the new "First Four" round before falling to Pittsburgh in the second round.
Schedule.
!colspan=9| Big South Conference Basketball Tournament
!colspan=9| NCAA Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="31115447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31115447" title="Halibut Point State Park">
Halibut Point State Park

Halibut Point State Park and Halibut Point Reservation are parallel parcels of conserved, oceanside land located on Cape Ann in the town of Rockport, Massachusetts. Once the Babson Farm granite quarry, the properties are cooperatively managed by the Trustees of Reservations and the Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation. The adjacent Sea Rocks area is owned by the town of Rockport and is also open to the public. 
History.
The granite that makes up Halibut Point is estimated to be 440 million years old. It was quarried here as early as 1840. The scale of operations grew when the Babson Farm quarry was acquired by the Rockport Granite Company. Those operations ended with the collapse of the Cape Ann granite industry in 1929. Halibut Point Reservation was created when the Trustees of Reservations acquired a parcel on the east side of the quarry in 1934. In the last years of World War II, the remaining quarry area saw new usage with the construction of a fire control tower that was intended to assist in aiming the coastal weapons defending the harbors at Boston and Plymouth. In 1981, the state purchased of land, resulting in the creation of Halibut State Park.
Flora and fauna.
The quarry is filled with water, with a maximum depth of about at its lowest spot. Due to shallow soil, constant onshore winds, and a history of frequent fires, the point's vegetation includes few trees. Catbriar, bayberry, blueberry, arrowwood, shadbush, and wildflowers grow among the ledges. Snails, hermit crabs, and sea stars can be found in the tide pools. In winter, seabirds such loons, grebes, and ducks can be seen feeding offshore.
Activities and amenities.
The park offers trails and tidepools, ledges for picnicking, and expansive ocean views. Seaward views can stretch from Crane Beach in Ipswich to the Isles of Shoals off the coast of New Hampshire to Mount Agamenticus in Maine. The one-time fire control tower has a small museum with exhibits on Cape Ann granite quarrying. A self-guided walking tour around the quarry relates the story of the point's granite mining past.

</doc>
<doc id="31115453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31115453" title="Geoff Morton">
Geoff Morton

Geoffrey Dalgleish Morton (22 July 1922 – 28 January 2000) was an English professional footballer, cricketer, umpire and sports coach. He was best known for his achievements as a goalkeeper in the Football League, and as both a medium-fast bowler and umpire in first-class cricket, most notably the County Championship. He later served as a coach at Malvern College.
Playing career.
Morton was born in Acton, Middlesex. He won boxing competitions as a schoolboy, and also played football for his school, although not initially as a goalkeeper.
Football.
British peacetime football was suspended in 1939, shortly after Morton turned 17. However, he played for Chelsea and Chelmsford City in wartime competitions. On the resumption of peacetime football, he stayed with Chelmsford, playing in the Southern League. Morton remained at the club until October 1948, when he signed for Football League Third Division South side Watford on a free transfer. 
Morton made his Watford and Football League debut on 6 November 1948, in a 2–1 defeat to Exeter City. He quickly established himself as a regular in the team, missing only five of the remaining twenty-six matches. In the 1949–50 season, Morton was everpresent as Watford finished sixth in the league, and kept eight consecutive clean sheets between October and November 1949. He remained the club's first choice goalkeeper for the 1950–51 season, but financial difficulties forced the club to sell several other first team players, and the club finished 23rd out of 24 clubs in the league. Morton himself was sold to Southend United mid-way through the following season, for a fee of approximately £1,000, described as a "give-away" by the "Watford Observer".
Morton played infrequently for Southend, as the club finished 8th and 16th in the Third Division South. He then played a season for Gloucester City, playing 11 times. He transferred to Exeter City at the start of 1954–55, but made only six league appearances, and retired from playing at the end of the season.
Cricket.
Morton played for Middlesex as a right-arm, medium-fast bowler between 1949 and 1951, playing six minor counties matches for the Second Eleven, and two first-class matches at Lord's in the 1950 County Championship. He played a further first-class game for Marylebone Cricket Club in 1952. Morton did not take a wicket in first-class cricket, and scored one run from three innings.
After retiring as a player, Morton remained involved in cricket as an umpire, officiating a total of 13 first-class matches between 1954 and 1957. He continued to umpire at lower levels of cricket thereafter.
Later life and death.
Aside from cricket, Morton became a sports coach at Malvern College, where he taught for over 30 years. He died on 28 January 2000, aged 77.

</doc>
<doc id="31115488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31115488" title="Spezia (Turin Metro)">
Spezia (Turin Metro)

Spezia is a station of the Turin Metro. The station was opened on March 6, 2011.
Spezia station is located in the busy, commercial district of south-central Torino, on the via Nizza. It is located within walking distance to the Torino Lingotto, CTO Hospital and the Torino medical center.

</doc>
<doc id="31115512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31115512" title="Dimitrios Chondrokoukis">
Dimitrios Chondrokoukis

Dimítrios Chondrokoúkis (; born January 26, 1988 in Marousi) is a Greek high jumper who competes internationally for Cyprus. He won the gold medal at the 2012 Word Indoor Championships in Istanbul with a personal best of 2.33 meters representing Greece at the time. His personal best in the outdoor track is 2.32 m, achieved twice in Izmir on June 2011 and in the final at the 2011 World Championships in Athletics in Daegu, South Korea on 1 September 2011.
In July 2012, it was announced Chondrokoúkis tested positive for the performance enhancing drug stanozolol, an anabolic steroid. As a result, he was forced to withdraw from the 2012 Summer Olympics.
In June 2013, KOEAS (Cyprus Amateur Athletic Federation) announced that Chondrokoúkis will represent Cyprus, since his mother is from Karavas, Keryneia, Cyprus.

</doc>
<doc id="31115525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31115525" title="The Mail Story">
The Mail Story

The Mail Story, subtitled Handle with Care, is a half-hour dramatic television anthology series which aired on ABC for thirteen weeks from October 7 to December 30, 1954.
In the premiere episode then Postmaster General Arthur Summerfield, who served in the administration of U.S. President Dwight D. Eisenhower, introduced the program to American audiences. The program was partly documentary in offering explanations of the services available from the Post Office Department, now known as the U.S. Postal Service. It also had original dramas about individuals or groups who tried to misuse the mail and hence faced apprehension for their crimes. Such segments ranged in date from the 1850s with stagecoach robberies to contemporary times with sophisticated mail fraud cases.
The three-month series aired at 8 p.m. on Thursdays opposite "Meet Mr. McNutley", renamed "The Ray Milland Show" on CBS, and "You Bet Your Life" with Groucho Marx on NBC.

</doc>
<doc id="31115573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31115573" title="George's Street Arcade">
George's Street Arcade

George's Street Arcade is a shopping centre on South Great George's Street in Dublin. It is a Victorian style red-bricked indoor market of stalls and stores. It opened in 1881 as the South City Markets.
History.
The first purpose built Victorian Shopping Centre in Dublin was South City Markets, commonly known now as George's Street Arcade. The City Market Company was incorporated in Dublin with a share capital of £200,000 and a loan capital of £50,000, for the establishment, maintenance and regulation of a market on the south side of the city in 1876. In order for the company to require the land necessary to develop the markets an act of parliament was needed and acquired, this gave the company not only the power to acquire the lands but also the responsibility to widen and generally improve the surrounding streets. Noted British architects Lockwood & Mauson won the contract to design and build the market complex. In 1881 South City Markets was officially opened by the Lord Mayor Sir George Moyers after the development was heavily promoted by wealthy families with substantial property interests in the area. The opening was a grand occasion and was well attended by the invited guests who were entertained to luncheon by the market chairman Joseph Tod Hunter Pim. There were no native Dubliners on the guest list and this went down very badly with the locals and was not forgotten.
1892 Fire.
Due in some part to the appointment of English builders and architects, the market was not initially popular with ordinary Dubliners. Tragedy struck the markets in August 1892 when the building was destroyed by fire, there were no fatalities but this was devastating for all concerned with the shop keepers losing their shops and over head homes but it was the stall holders who were hit worse by having no insurance on their stock. Some of the original letters from the stall holders to the management detailing their losses still exist. After a flood of public sympathy, a relief fund was established for them and was successful.
Rebuilt.
The markets were rebuilt in the same style, this time using local labour and craftsmen and on 13 September 1894 were open once again for business. On this occasion all local dignitaries of any standing were invited and the George's Street Arcade has traded continually since then.
Arcade today.
The property was acquired in 1992 by the current owners, the Layden Family Group from City Properties. Through good tenant mix and management and the low key sympathetic refurbishment of the buildings, the Arcade is once again doing well. There are approximately fifty tenants varying in size from Dunnes Stores to small stalls, selling everything from high fashion and accessories to trendy funky gear, from custom designed solid silver to costume jewellery, from hair-styling to fortune telling, and catering for lovers of music, art, books, speciality ornaments, memorabilia, stamps and coin collections, cafés, general groceries and speciality foods.

</doc>
<doc id="31115576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31115576" title="High Atlas Tamazight">
High Atlas Tamazight

High Atlas Tamazight ( High Atlas Morocco, Tamazight, Braber, Tachelhit, Souss) is a Berber language of the Afro-Asiatic Language family. About 8 million speakers according to the INALCO linguistic institute in France.

</doc>
<doc id="31115592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31115592" title="The Fox and the Cat (fable)">
The Fox and the Cat (fable)

The Fox and the Cat is an ancient fable, with both Eastern and Western analogues involving different animals, that addresses the difference between resourceful expediency and a master stratagem. Included in collections of Aesop's fables since the start of printing in Europe, it is number 605 in the Perry Index. In the basic story a cat and a fox discuss how many tricks and dodges they have. The fox boasts that he has many; the cat confesses to having only one. When hunters arrive with their dogs, the cat quickly climbs a tree, but the fox is caught by the hounds. Many morals have been drawn from the fable's presentations through history, and, as Isaiah Berlin's use of it in his essay "The Hedgehog and the Fox" shows, it continues to be interpreted anew.
History.
The fable and its variants is a story of world-wide popularity which contrasts the fate of one animal proud of the many tricks at its disposal with another with just one simple trick. In time of danger it is that one trick that proves more effective than the many options.
There is a proverb in a fragment attributed to the ancient Greek poet Archilochus: (the fox knows many little things, but the hedgehog knows one big thing). In Erasmus' "Adagia" from 1500, the expression is recorded as "Multa novit vulpes, verum echinus unum magnum". This proverb seems to imply the existence of an ancient fable involving a hedgehog instead of a cat, as do some folktales from the Balkans.
Eastern.
An analogous story in book 5 the "Panchatantra" (story 6) illustrates the danger of being too clever. The tale concerns two fish, Satabuddhi (hundred-wit) and Sahasrabuddhi (thousand-wit) and a frog, Ekabuddhi (single-wit), who inhabit the same pond. When they hear two fishermen talk about returning the next day to fish, frog is anxious. "Oh, my friend," Sahasrabuddhi says, "don't be afraid of words alone! They probably will not come back. But even if they do come back, I will be able to protect myself and you as well, through the power of my understanding, for I know many pathways through the water." Satabuddhi adds, "Yes, what Sahasrabuddhi says is correct, for one rightly says: "Where neither the wind nor the sun's rays have found a way, intelligent understanding will quickly make a path"." The frog's single understanding, however, advises him to flee, and this is what he does, leaving the two fish to try and find their own way to escape the fishermen. But the fish are caught in a net, while the frog escapes.
Book 1 of the "Panchatantra" has a similar story (the 14th) which this time points out the danger of not being wise, or at least clever, enough. It is also preserved in the Persian "Kalila and Dimna" as a tale of three fish, one wise, one clever and one stupid. When the fish notice the fishermen passing, the wise fish simply makes a quick exit from the pool. "Effective, but not particularly elegant," remarks clever fish (Ramsay Wood's retelling). "Where did he go?" asks the stupid fish, "Why all the fuss?" Clever fish, after much deliberation, also manages to avoid being eaten, by playing dead, but for stupid fish, caught napping at the bottom of the pool, it is the frying pan. 
Rumi, writing in the 13th century, knew "Kalila and Dimna" and used this story in Book IV of his Masnavi. For him the wise fish is 'he who possesses a torch of his own... the guide and leader of the caravan.' Rumi advises:
The analogue in the ancient Indian "Mahabharata" has the swan and the crow as protagonists. The swan has only one way to fly while the crow boasts of a hundred and one. The crow, however, gets himself into trouble with his displays of aerobatics when he ends up far out over the ocean, unable to find a place to land. The swan flies down to the crow who, exhausted, is now beginning to trail his wings and beak in the sea. "Which of the hundred and one ways of flying is this?" asks the swan, before taking him, suitably humbled, back to land on his back.
European.
Written records of the fable do not appear in Europe after Archilochus until Medieval times. Here the boastful animal is generally the fox, but the animal with the one trick may be the hedgehog (Greece), the crane (Russia), the squirrel (Armenia) or the cock or dove. In western Europe it is always the cat, appearing in very similar versions, though with variation in the number of tricks the fox possesses. Some of the collections we find the fable in are the Anglo-Latin Romulus (80 tricks), in Marie de France's Ysopet (2 tricks, 'and a whole sackful besides'), as well as the fable collections of Odo of Cheriton (17 tricks in a bag) and John Sheppey. In the German folk version collected by the Grimm Brothers, it is of a hundred tricks that the fox brags, 'and a whole sackful of cunning'. 
The fox is known for his craftiness in Western fables, and sometimes the fabulists go into more naturalistic detail in their retellings. In the contemporary poem of The Owl and the Nightingale, for instance, the nightingale, arguing that its one ability (to sing in summertime) is worth more than all the skills of the owl, describes some of the fox's devices, the feints and devious courses it takes to outwit the dogs: 'The fox can creep along the hedge and turn off from his earlier route, and shortly afterwards double back on it, then the hound is thrown off the scent' ("þe uox kan crope bi þe heie an turne ut from his forme weie an eft sone kume þarto þonne is þe hundes smel fordo").
For the preacher Odo, the cat represented those who know the single scheme, to 'spring into heaven', while the fox stood for "attorneys, casuists, tricksters" and others with a 'bagful of tricks'. The interpretation in the 13th century "Gesta Romanorum" is very similar, making a distinction between 'the simple men and women who know but one craft, that is to call to God', and those that make a living by the glibness of their tongues. The moral supplied by Marie de France is different, though perhaps complementary: that a wise man would be able to detect a liar, however plausibly he talked. Berechiah ha-Nakdan followed her by including the tale as number 94 of his hundred "Fox Fables" in Hebrew. His moral is different in emphasis again, contrasting simple, necessary labour with status-consciousness. For him the fox represented those who despise and neglect basic work to look after themselves and sustain their families, those who say 'our hand is too lofty to put sickle to standing grain' and boast of their professions: 'I am a scribe; I am a smith, I am a tailor; I am a goldsmith, I am a merchant; I am a sage, and what other is there like me to equal me?' 
In William Caxton's 1484 collection of Aesop's fables, this one is told about people who have pretensions of wisdom and subtlety, but who in fact are 'grete fooles and knowynge no thynge'. His Italian contemporary, Laurentius Abstemius gave the story a twist in the fox's favour in his "Hecatomythium". There, a hare boasts of his ability to outrun dogs while the fox replies that he has outwitted many times more pursuers by his wiles. The conclusion, according to his English translator Roger L'Estrange, is that 'Wisdom is as much beyond Force, as Men are beyond Brutes'.
Another landmark in the fable's history was its inclusion in Jean de La Fontaine's influential "Fables Choisies" (IX.14, published in 1678). With La Fontaine, the fable has moved from the pulpit to the salon and his telling of this tale is typically lighter and more urbane in tone; the truth the tale points up for him is a question of expediency rather than the grave moral failure seen by earlier authors. Here the cat and the fox are travelling together and, as 'the way was long and therefore wearisome, so they shortened it by arguing. Argumentation is a great help. Without it one would go to sleep. Our pilgrims shouted themselves hoarse. Then having argued themselves out, they talked of other things.' The fable proceeds as in earlier versions and La Fontaine finishes with the practical moral: 'Too many expedients may spoil the business. One loses time in choosing between them and in trying too many. Have only one; but let it be a good one.'
The Hedgehog and the Fox.
In his popular essay "The Hedgehog and the Fox", originally written in 1953, the philosopher Isaiah Berlin uses the fable as summed up by Archilochus to divide writers and thinkers into two categories: hedgehogs, who view the world through the lens of a single defining idea; and foxes, who draw on a wide variety of experiences and for whom the world cannot be boiled down to a single idea. The essay, though not meant too seriously by Berlin, has proved influential, with a number of writers using his distinction. 
Stephen Jay Gould's "The Hedgehog, the Fox, and the Magister's Pox" uses both Berlin's book and the fable in exploring the complex relationship between the sciences and the humanities. Gould sees Archilochus's original image as containing two levels of metaphorical meaning for human contrasts. "The first speaks of psychological styles... Scramble or persist." The second is a question of intellectual practice: "Diversify and color, or intensify and cover", a union of the two strategies being the most fruitful for understanding between the two disciplines.
The sculptor Richard Serra also cites Isaiah Berlin's essay as the source of the title of his "The Hedgehog and the Fox" (1999). Serra explained at the time of the sculpture's installation in the grounds of Princeton University, "It points to how scholars either become free thinkers and invent or become subjugated to the dictates of history. This is the classical problem posed to every student." His reading therefore reverses the moral order of the original fable. The hedgehog, being resistant to change, is intellectually dead; the fox's adaptability (demonstrated by sculpture's relationship to its environment) is the correct strategy for intellectual development and survival.

</doc>
<doc id="31115601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31115601" title="Ghasiya">
Ghasiya

The Ghasiya, or sometimes pronounced Ghasia are a Hindu caste found in the state of Uttar Pradesh in India. They are also known as Ghasiara and have scheduled caste status.
Origin.
According to some traditions, the word "ghasiya" is said to mean grasscutter, from the Hindi word "ghahus" meaning grass. They are one of a number of tribal communities found in the hilly region of southern Uttar Pradesh, in particularly Mirzapur and Sonbadhra. The Ghasiya claim to have immigrated from Surguja District in what is now Madhya Pradesh. Their traditions refer to a time when they were rulers, but over time lost their position, and took to cultivation.
The Ghasiya are strictly endogamous community, and practice the principle of clan exogamy. These clans are referred to as kuris, and their main clans include the Arilkhanda, Banger, Bhainsa, Janta, Katihari, Sonwan and Surajbansi. The Sonwan claim a higher status, and derive their name from the Hindi word "sona", meaning gold. Other clans are also have their own origin myth. For example, Bhainsa are said to have acquired their name from godling Bhainsasur. They are Hindu, but have their own tribal deities such as Burhimai, Dulhadeo, and Sheetla Devi. The Ghasiya speak the Bundelkhandi dialect of Hindi.
The Ghasiya are a small landowning community. Many Ghasiya are still employed as grass cuters. Many are also involved in the manufacture of a comb known as a mandau. They live in their own settlements, interacting little with neighbouring communities.

</doc>
<doc id="31115620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31115620" title="List of The Looney Tunes Show episodes">
List of The Looney Tunes Show episodes

This is a list of episodes from the animated series "The Looney Tunes Show", which premiered on May 3, 2011. The second season began airing October 3, 2012.
Series overview.
<onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="31115629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31115629" title="Museum of Contemporary Art, Tucson">
Museum of Contemporary Art, Tucson

The Museum of Contemporary Art (MOCA) in Tucson, Arizona, USA, was founded in 1996, by Julia Latane, James Graham, and David Wright, artists and arts advocates.
The museum was founded to create a permanent institution for contemporary art in Tucson's arts district that would be immune to the demands of rising real estate prices. The mission of the museum was to create a venue to show the work of Tucson artists to the rest of the world, and to bring the most exciting new artists of the world to Tucson. Originally housed in the HazMat building on Toole Avenue the museum has now been granted a permanent home in the former Fire Department building on Stone Ave.
Artists who have been exhibited at MOCA include: Takashi Murakami, Roman Signer, Matt Groening, Gary Panter, Shannon Wheeler, Olivier Mosset, Joe Forkan, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="31115632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31115632" title="Ron Mock">
Ron Mock

Ron Mock is an Associate Professor of Political Science and Peace Studies at George Fox University. He is also a Quaker author in the area of peace studies and conflict resolution. Mock was previously a practicing attorney, a professor at University of Detroit Law School and a founding director of the Christian Conciliation Service of Southeastern Michigan.
Vocational history.
Mock received his undergraduate education at George Fox, where he would return in 1985 as a professor; his degree was a BA in History and Political Science. He then went on to an MPA from Drake University, and would earn his JD from the University of Michigan. After three years of practicing law, he joined George Fox University as assistant director of its Center for Peace and Justice (then called the Center for Peace Learning). Since that time, he has remained in various positions at the University, including Associate Professor, Capstone Director, and University Scholars Program Director. His teaching includes both peacemaking courses such as Conflict Resolution and law courses such as Constitutional Law and National Power. He also created George Fox University's Senior Capstone program.
Peacemaking work.
The majority of Mock’s scholarship has been conducted in the area of peacemaking, in particular Christian peacemaking. Besides his work in longtime work at George Fox’s Center for Peace and Justice, and his work in direct community mediation, his most notable work in this area was the 2004 "Loving Without Giving In", which attempts to provide a thoroughgoing Christian response to the horrors of 9/11. Specifically, the work seeks to explain first why terrorism, tyranny, and corruption are such political evils, and second why traditional methods of warfare are not ideal for combating such problems. In his foreword to the book, Oregon Senator Mark Hatfield wrote that Mock "draws on sources typically ignored by policymakers to suggest new responses that offer genuine hope for a long-term winning strategy against terror and tyranny." His other notable academic work on peacemaking includes authoring "The Biblical Basis of Peacemaking" published in "Quaker Theology", and co-authoring "When the Rain Returns: Toward Justice and Reconciliation in Palestine and Israel", published by the American Friends Service committee. 
Mock has also conducted numerous trips abroad in pursuit of peacemaking research, including to Nicaragua, Costa Rica, Netherlands, Jordan, Egypt, Israel, Palestine, and South Korea, and has completed (but not yet published) a work on the moral complexities of pacifism entitled "Pacifist Under Pressure".

</doc>
<doc id="31115643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31115643" title="Janick Klausen">
Janick Klausen

Janick Klausen (born 3 April 1993) is a Danish high jumper.

</doc>
<doc id="31115707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31115707" title="Waterford Commons">
Waterford Commons

Waterford commons is an outdoor strip mall that lies on the East Coast in Waterford, Connecticut. It is situated in a central retail area off the Hartford Turnpike (Route 85), across from the Crystal Mall, a popular shopping mall in Eastern, Connecticut. It includes 32 stores.

</doc>
<doc id="31115724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31115724" title="Style analysis">
Style analysis

Style analysis in finance refers to Returns-based style analysis.
In fashion, style analysis is often offered in conjunction with color analysis by professionals such as image consultants or style consultants. A style consultation differs from a color analysis as it considers the body shape of an individual and results in the recommendation of specific shapes and styles of clothes that will suit the individual's body shape, style preferences,work environment and leisure pursuits.

</doc>
<doc id="31115743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31115743" title="CTO Hospital (Turin)">
CTO Hospital (Turin)

CTO Hospital is a major medical center in Turin, Italy. CTO stands for "Centro Traumatologico Ortopedico" or the Center for Orthopedic Trauma. It is one of the leading orthopedic hospitals in Italy, and services a majority of orthopedic trauma incidents occurring in the Italian Alps. The hospital also serves as a teaching hospital for local medical faculties, particularly the University of Turin.
History.
The hospital was founded in 1961.
2006 Winter Olympics.
CTO served as one of the main orthopedic hospitals for athletes, team members, and spectators for the 2006 Winter Olympics.
Capabilities.
The hospital maintains a helipad, allowing a fleet of public and private air ambulances to transport patients to and from the hospital. At any given time, the helipad is home to the Agusta-Bell AB 412 or other air ambulance rotary craft. 
Notable treatments.
CTO continues to specialize in the use of the Ilizarov apparatus for complex limb fractures. It is one of the leading hospitals in the world for the treatment of complex leg tibial-fibular fractures and other complex fractures, particularly those found in skiing accidents and mountaineering accidents.

</doc>
<doc id="31115925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31115925" title="Counterfeiting Coin Act 1741">
Counterfeiting Coin Act 1741

The Counterfeiting Coin Act 1741 (15 Geo.2 c.28) was an Act of the Parliament of Great Britain which made it high treason to counterfeit silver, copper or brass coins (counterfeiting brass or copper coins had previously only been a misdemeanor). Its long title was "An act for the more effectual preventing the counterfeiting of the current coin of this kingdom, and the uttering or paying of false or counterfeit coin." It has since been repealed.
Reason for the Act.
Section 2 of the Act began with an explanation for why the Act was necessary:
Provisions.
Offences.
Sections 1, 2, 6, 7 and 8 of the Act came into force on 29 September 1742.
Section 1 made it high treason to "wash, gild or colour any of the lawful silver coin called a shilling or a sixpence, or counterfeit or false shilling or sixpence," or alter such a coin to make it look like a "lawful gold coin called a guinea" or half-guinea, or to file, alter, wash or colour "any of the brass monies called halfpennies or farthings, or to make those coins look like a shilling or sixpence. The last part of this section was amended by the Counterfeiting Coin Act 1797 to extend it to all copper coins ordered by royal proclamation to be current in the realm, not just halfpennies and farthings.
Following the words quoted above, section 2 continued to impose a mandatory minimum sentence of 6 months' imprisonment for uttering a false coin, knowing it to be false. On release the offender then had to provide sureties to be of good behaviour for another 6 months. For a second offence, the punishment was 2 years' imprisonment followed by another 2 years of good behaviour under surety. A third offence was a felony, punishable with death by hanging.
Section 3 provided that a person who committed an offence under section 2 and then committed the same offence again within 10 days, or was found in possession of more counterfeit money within 10 days was to be deemed "a common utterer of false money" and sentenced to 1 year imprisonment and then provide sureties for his good behaviour for another 2 years. If a person convicted of this offence ever uttered or tendered false coin in payment again, he was guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.
Section 6 made it a crime to "make, coin or counterfeit any brass or copper money, commonly called a halfpenny or a farthing," to be punished with 2 years' imprisonment followed by providing sureties for another 2 years' good behaviour.
Other matters.
Section 4 provided that there was to be no corruption of blood for offences under the Act.
Section 5 stated that the same rules of procedure and evidence which applied to already existing crimes of counterfeiting coins were to apply to crimes under this Act, except that a time limit of 6 months applied to starting a prosecution for treason or felony under the Act.
Section 7 stated that anyone who apprehended someone for treason or felony against the Act, or for an offence under section 6, was to be given a reward for each person convicted: 40 pounds for each traitor or felon, and 10 pounds for each person offending against section 6. The reward was to be paid by the sheriff of the county within one month of the conviction. If the sheriff failed to pay then he was to forfeit double the reward money, plus treble the costs of suing him, which would all be paid to the informer.
Section 8 said that anyone who committed an offence against the Act but who then provided information leading to the conviction of two or more other offenders was to be pardoned.
Generally speaking, the rules of evidence and jurisdiction in the 18th century were that what happened in one county could not be proved in a court in a different county. However section 9 permitted a previous conviction under the Act in one county to be proved in a court in another county by a certificate signed by the court clerk.
Section 10 increased the fund for prosecuting counterfeiters from £400 to £600 "per annum". (This fund had been set up by the Act of "7 Anne c.24", section 4, in 1708.)
Extension of the Act.
In 1797 the provisions of this Act which applied to halfpennies and farthings were extended to all copper coins by the Counterfeiting Coin Act 1797.

</doc>
<doc id="31115961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31115961" title="EUCOMM">
EUCOMM

The European Conditional Mouse Mutagenesis Program or EUCOMM is an EU-funded program to generate a library of mutant mouse embryonic stem cells for research purposes.
Setup.
The EUCOMM program is funded by the European Union sixth R&D programme to make a library of mutant mouse embryonic stem cell clones (ES cells), to enable the mouse research community to rapidly create mutant mice with specific mutant genes. The EUCOMM consortium is a member of the International Knockout Mouse Consortium, (an organisation including the EUCOMM, KOMP, NorCOMM and TIGM consortia) which reflects a commitment to share and promote their products and technology with the international research community.
Stem cell creation.
Each stem cell contains one mutant gene copy and one 'wild-type' (normal) gene copy. The entire library is intended to mutate 13,000 genes in total. Of these 13000 mutant genes, 8000 mutations in mouse ES Cells are 'targeted': that is, the mutation which knocks out gene function is inserted precisely into the genome. The remaining 5000 mutations are derived from 'gene-traps'. These mutations are created by infecting ES Cells with an appropriately modified retrovirus. The retrovirus inserts itself 'randomly' into the mouse genome. When it inserts into a gene's intron, the introduced DNA will stop that gene copy being expressed, and the gene is considered to be knocked out (see gene trapping).
The mutations introduced in the ES Cells are "conditional": this means that the initial mutation can be modified - by the application of particular DNA-altering enzymes (site specific recombinases) to make the knockout initially "latent" in the genome. The gene can be later knocked out (inactivated) at a specific time-point or tissue-type in mutant mice derived from the mutant ES Cells, by appropriate breeding to other transgenic mice. This conditionality is a "key" property of the entire resource, and it allows a more nuanced study of the effects of the gene-knockout.
Use of stem cells.
The purpose of this library is to enable the mouse research community to rapidly create mutant mice, by 
The broad aim of the project is to facilitate research into gene function in mice (and so by inference in humans) by removing the high technical entry barrier of making the mutant ES Cells.
The 8000 genes selected for mutation in mouse ES cells were drawn from the total set of protein coding mouse genes, based on a rough metric of how easy the genes were to mutate, with the technologies present at the time the project started. More 'target' genes were subsequently added to the list. All products from the program, as well links to the EUCOMM products for specific genes are available from the IKMC site. The distribution of EUCOMM products is being handled by a separate non-commercial organisation, the European Mouse Mutant Cell Repository.

</doc>
<doc id="31115969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31115969" title="Joaquín Fuero">
Joaquín Fuero

Joaquín Fuero (21 August 1814 Guadalupe Hidalgo - 21 April 1861 Mexico City) was a Mexican soldier and author who fought in the Mexican-American War.
Biography.
His father was a lieutenant-colonel in the Spanish army. The son was sent to Mexico City for his primary education, but the family had to leave the country toward the close of 1821, as his father refused to serve the cause of Mexican independence. Young Fuero entered the military college of Segovia, and on leaving it entered the army as ensign.
He was promoted to captain for gallantry in 1836, and in 1838 accompanied his father to the island of Cuba, where the latter soon died. Fuero then returned to Mexico, where he entered the army, with the rank of captain, in 1839, was appointed professor in the military college in 1840, and soon established a regular course of practical line-drill, military tactics, and topographical design.
When General Urrea pronounced against the government on 15 July 1840, Fuero attacked him in the citadel at the head of a column of his scholars, and drove him back. He was then given command of several companies of regular troops, with which he aided in suppressing the insurrection, after a fortnight of street fighting.
In 1841 Fuero was promoted major and resigned the vice-presidency of the military college. In 1843 he was appointed chief of staff of the army of operations in Tamaulipas, and as such designed all the plans of the campaign. During the war with the United States, Fuero took part in all the battles, till the defeat at Padierna, after which he protected the retreat of the army at the head of a small force, and received a wound that ultimately caused his death. After the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo he was retired as an invalid on full pay, with the rank of colonel, and opened a private college, but during the latter years of his life he had to abandon this pursuit, as his wound caused a gradual softening of the brain.
Works.
Fuero published "Manual del Militar, ó Tratado complete de Instrucción en la Ordenanza" (2 vols., 1842), and a translation of General McKenna's "Treatise on Military Tactics" (1844).

</doc>
<doc id="31115971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31115971" title="Azie">
Azie

Azie is an American unisex given name, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31115998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31115998" title="Robert Pye (Royalist)">
Robert Pye (Royalist)

Sir Robert Pye (1585–1662) was an English courtier, administrator and politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1621 and 1629. He supported the Royalist cause in the English Civil War.
Biography.
Pye was the son of Roger Pye of The Mynde at Much Dewchurch in Herefordshire. He became Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer under King James I in 1620. In 1621 he was elected Member of Parliament for Bath and was re-elected for Bath in 1624. In 1625 he was elected MP for Ludgershall and in 1626 he was elected MP for Westminster. He was elected MP for Grampound in 1628. He purchased the manor and estate of Faringdon, then in Berkshire from the Unton family. 
Pye was a supporter of the King and on this account was deprived of his office in 1642. During the Civil War, he garrisoned his mansion at Faringdon for the Royalists, and it was stoutly besieged, by his own son, Robert who espoused the Parliamentary cause.
Following the Restoration, Pye was restored to his post as Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer and held it until his death in 1662 at the age of 77.
Family.
Pye married Mary, daughter of John Croker of Batsford in Gloucestershire they had several children:
Pye's brother Walter Pye was also an MP.

</doc>
<doc id="31116017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31116017" title="The Peninsula New York">
The Peninsula New York

The Peninsula New York is a luxury hotel located on the corner of Fifth Avenue and 55th Street. The hotel is part of the Peninsula Hotel Group who are based in Hong Kong and owned and operated by The Hongkong and Shanghai Hotels, Limited. The hotel was bought in 1988 by the Peninsula group for a price of $127 million. The Peninsula New York has received the AAA Five Diamond Award for thirteen consecutive years and in 2007 it was named one of the greatest hotels in the world by Travel + Leisure Magazine.
Location.
The Peninsula Hotel is located on the corner of Fifth Avenue and 55th Street. This being the most expensive street in the world, a number of flagship stores are nearby. These include De Beers, Fendi, Armani, Prada and Abercrombie & Fitch. Some tourist attractions near the hotel include Rockefeller center, St. Patrick's Cathedral and Radio City Music Hall. The closest Subway station to the hotel is Lexington Avenue Station located on East 53rd street.
History.
The hotel was built in 1905 as the Gotham Hotel. It is designed in the neo-classical style. It went into bankruptcy in 1908 partly because it could not acquire a liquor license as it was too close to The Fifth Avenue Presbyterian Church and also as it was overshadowed by more luxurious hotels like the Plaza Hotel just a few blocks north and the St. Regis just across the street from the Gotham. The hotel was acquired in the 1930s by the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company. As they needed the maximum amount of floor area the company tore out many of the public rooms. In 1979, the Swiss hotel owner Rene Hatt took over the hotel and started a long renovation process, intending to reopen it as the Nova Park Hotel . It was this renovation which added the hotel's rooftop pool and fitness centre.The Nova Park plan failed, and the hotel was finally reopened in 1987, after $200 million in work, as the Hotel Maxim's de Paris, an outpost of the famed Paris restaurant Maxim's. That enterprise quickly failed, and the hotel was sold again in 1988 to its current owners, the Peninsula Hotels. They spent $45 million on a second renovation in 1999.
John William Warde.
John William Warde was a 26-year-old native of Southampton, New York who committed suicide on July 26, 1938. He leaped from a window ledge of the 17th floor of the Gotham Hotel. This case of suicide is famous because an estimated crowd of 10,000 gathered below to watch the events and 400 police officers were also present to try and convince him to come back inside. A film called Fourteen Hours which was made in 1951 is based on the events of that day.
Features.
The hotel offers a limousine transfer service to New York's three main airports; John F. Kennedy International Airport, Newark Liberty International Airport and LaGuardia Airport. For these transfers there is a choice between limousines or Mini Clubmans.
The six function rooms have a combined floor area of 3,500 sq ft. The hotel has three restaurants; Salon De Ning who specialize in Chinese food, the Yabu Pushelberg-designed Clement, named after The Hongkong and Shanghai Hotels Limited CEO Mr Clement Kwok, and the Gotham Lounge named after the hotel's original name.
The Fitness Centre at the Peninsula New York is located at the top floor. The pool is in a glass enclosed room and during the summer a sundeck is available. The Spa at the Peninsula is one of the biggest in New York City with a floor area of spaced out over three floors.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="31116056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31116056" title="Van Asch Van Wijck Mountains">
Van Asch Van Wijck Mountains

The Van Asch Van Wijck Mountains ( "Van Asch van Wijckgebergte") are a mountain range in Suriname. The mountains are connected to the Tumuc-Humac Mountains along the Surinamese border with Brazil. They are named after Titus van Asch van Wijck, a governor of Suriname. 

</doc>
<doc id="31116077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31116077" title="The Glorious Land">
The Glorious Land

"The Glorious Land" is a song by the English alternative rock musician PJ Harvey. The song was released as the second single from her eighth studio album, "Let England Shake", on 18 April 2011. An accompanying music video, directed by Seamus Murphy, was recorded and was released in March 2011, prior to the single release. It is the fourth part of a twelve music-film project documenting "Let England Shake".
Origin and recording.
The song was written after the release of PJ Harvey's seventh studio album, "White Chalk", in 2007. It is also known that the lyrics to the song were written prior to the music, as Harvey used this technique with all the songs written for the album, citing it as "the starting point" and explaining that it is "the root level" of her style of song-writing Recorded during the sessions for "Let England Shake", the song was recorded over a five-week period in April and May 2010 with long-time collaborators John Parish and Mick Harvey, and, like other songs on the album, was recorded live so that Parish and Harvey could "bring their feelings into it."
Composition and lyrics.
Although the majority of the songs on "White Chalk", and "Let England Shake"'s first single, "The Words That Maketh Murder", feature an autoharp, "The Glorious Land" is primarily arranged for guitar, with the accompaniment of electronica beats. The guitar uses a capo on the eighth fret. It features a standard chord progression throughout the course of the song (Em-Bm-G/C-Am-D). Similarly, the bridge uses the first two chords. The song's final refrain alternates the basic chord progression (Em-A-Bm) and finishes on an Em. An extract of the song is based on "The Bed's Too Big Without You", a song by The Police, written by Sting. The bugle call sampled throughout the song is "Regimental March", performed by HM Irish Guards.
Lyrically, the song refers to militarism and the ongoing Afghan war. The lyrics in the final refrain appear to refer to the disastrous effects of war: "What is the glorious fruit of our land? / the fruit is deformed children / what is the glorious fruit of our land / the fruit is orphaned children." Alex Denney of The Quietus noted that the final refrain is "a chilling finale" to the song. Several lyrics throughout the song ("How is our glorious country ploughed? Not by iron ploughs") are extracts from an untitled Russian folk song anthologised in "Russian Folk Songs" by Vladimir I︠A︡kovlevich Propp and translated by Roberta Reeder. Other translated lyrics from the same song mimic lyrics from "The Glorious Land" such as "Our land is being ploughed by horses' hooves; And the glorious land is being sown with Cossack heads." These reworked lyrics, however, were noted by Harvey as a credit on "Let England Shake".
Release.
The plan to release "The Glorious Land" as a domestic single was announced on 7 March 2011, almost a month after the release of "Let England Shake". Although initial reports claimed that it was only to be released on 7" vinyl, an official announcement on PJ Harvey's web site and Facebook page confirmed it would also be available as a digital download. The b-side, "The Nightingale", is an outtake from the album's recording sessions and was also featured on limited edition releases of the album. The song was released on 16 April in Ireland and two days later in the United Kingdom and United States. "The Glorious Land" is the third track on the album "Let England Shake", which was released on 14 February 2011.
Critical reception.
"The Independent" recognised the political aspect of the song and stated that it "could be a partisan anthem from Vietnam or Palestine or any comparable resistance movement." The Quietus referred to the song as "almost shoegazy in tone" with an "overall aquatic feel", also noting its "linking war with [England's] agricultural heritage", and cited the song's overall composition as "a pleasure to see such obvious effort being made in the service of ideas as good as this".
Live performances.
Although Harvey had previously performed a number of songs from the album in 2009, "The Glorious Land" was debuted live at La Maroquinerie in Paris, France on 14 February 2011, her first live performance to promote "Let England Shake". This performance was also broadcast live as a webcast through a number of online sites, including the concert's promoter Dezzer Offline. The song has been performed at all of Harvey's live shows on the European leg of the "Let England Shake" tour throughout February and March 2011. The performances of the song feature Harvey on electric guitar, John Parish on keyboards and percussion, Jean-Marc Butty on drums and percussion, and Mick Harvey performance rhodes. In further promotion, the song was performed on "Later... with Jools Holland" on 26 April 2011 alongside "Let England Shake" and "The Words That Maketh Murder."
Music video.
After viewing Seamus Murphy's award-winning "A Darkness Visible" exhibition in London in 2008, which she noted as having "an emotional impact", and purchasing his book, Harvey contacted Murphy as she "wanted to speak to him more about his experiences being there in Afghanistan." Murphy saw Harvey perform and the collaboration began with her requesting him to take promotional photographs for "Let England Shake" in July 2010. In addition to the album's photography, originally Harvey and Murphy planned to record a documentary of the recording process of the album; however, instead, twelve short films, one for each of the album's songs, were made. Each film incorporates a mix of still photography and video documenting the album's themes "in the manner of classic photographic reportage - recording real & spontaneous situations." Murphy travelled throughout England alone "with little equipment", due to a low budget and lack of assistants, and after photographing, directing and producing the films solely by himself, edited the final product in Berlin, Germany with video editor Sebastian Gollek.
The music video for "The Glorious Land" is similar in style to Murphy's other videos for "Let England Shake". It was premiered on 9 March 2011 on YouTube and Dailymotion alongside "The Last Living Rose," "The Words That Maketh Murder" and "Let England Shake" as the fourth installment of the twelve-film project. The video opens with a silent moving image of a tree in Dorset in October 2010 and then Harvey rehearsing the introduction to the song, as seen in the other films for the album. The introduction of the song features images of trees, shot looking upwards during a car journey. The rest of the video also incorporates clips of Harvey performing the song, a mud track with smoke (shown alongside the lyric "our land is ploughed by tanks and feet") and overlapped shots of Harvey's rehearsal space in a panoramic fashion. The video ends with another image of a withered tree in a field. Murphy explained the origins and imagery of the video in an interview with music blog Stereoboard. He said that he intended "to avoid too literal an interpretation of Polly's lyrics, but to try to remain true to the spirit and feel of the track." He also noted that the "Autumn colours, the sunlight streaming through the trees, the effect of movement during driving, how things changed if I speeded up or slowed down" influenced the video's direction and how some shots were "deliberately overexposed and out of focus" in order "to increase the abstraction."
The video was released online on 8 March 2011 on YouTube. A high definition version of the video was released on 15 March 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31116104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31116104" title="List of diplomatic missions in Atlanta">
List of diplomatic missions in Atlanta

This is a list of diplomatic missions in Atlanta. Atlanta is home to 26 diplomatic missions, the seventh-highest concentration of diplomatic missions in the U.S. The following are countries which have established a resident consular presence in Atlanta. For other diplomatic missions in the United States, see List of diplomatic missions in the United States.
Consulates.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="31116107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31116107" title="Hostage MP">
Hostage MP

During the State Opening of Parliament in the United Kingdom, one member of Parliament, known as the hostage MP, travels to Buckingham Palace before the Queen travels to Parliament. The hostage is released upon safe return of the Queen. This tradition began when the monarch and Parliament were on less friendly terms.
The hostage MP is usually a government whip. In 2014 the hostage was Desmond Swayne.

</doc>
<doc id="31116115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31116115" title="Monkey X">
Monkey X

Monkey X is a high-level programming language designed for developing video games for many different platforms, including desktop/laptop computers, mobile phones, tablets, and video game consoles. The language itself is an object-oriented dialect of BASIC, which the compiler translates into native source code for several target platforms. The resulting code is then compiled normally. Currently the official target platforms include: Windows (Including the windows 8 store), Mac OS X, Linux, Xbox 360, Android, iOS, and many more.
Community-driven/user-made targets have also been created, some notable user-targets include: MonkeyMax (BlitzMax), Monkey-Python (Python), and a Nintendo DS target.
History.
Monkey was released on March 1, 2011 by Mark Sibly of Blitz Research Ltd. 
In December of 2013, Monkey was re-branded as Monkey X. 
The free version of Monkey X released at this time included unrestricted use of the HTML5 and Desktop targets.
Mojo.
Mojo is the official proprietary graphics 'module' for Monkey X. Mojo has been written for all of Monkey X's official game-based targets, this is done using the native programming languages of each target. Mojo is then wrapped using Monkey X's "external-language" system. Mojo was designed primarily for writing simple 2D games in Monkey X, but like many other APIs, it can also be used for other types of programs. Like Monkey X itself, one of Mojo's goals is to make everything (Graphics and sound in this case) as consistent as possible on all of its supported platforms. Because of this, Monkey X based games tend to look almost identical on all platforms, despite sometimes being based on drastically different technologies.
Mojo currently doesn't render with WebGL for its HTML5/JavaScript versions, however, a member of Monkey X's community known as Devolonter has done it himself.
Development Roadmap.
As of July 10, 2013, Mark Sibly (Monkey X's creator) has started a forum thread about the future of Monkey X's development, as well as some information about new functionality for Monkey X and Mojo. One of the most notable announcements was the planned development of a new cross-platform 3D API. There hasn't been very much information released, but we do know that the working title is "Mojo3D".
Mark Sibly has stated that the new 3D API will be similar in design to the OpenGL ES 2.0 API, and will support the following targets:
Mark Sibly's ongoing forum thread can be found here, in Monkey X's official forums.
Unofficial Targets.
You can find most of Monkey X's unofficial/community-driven targets at the official community's "User Targets" section.

</doc>
<doc id="31116148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31116148" title="Penina Muhando">
Penina Muhando

Penina Muhando, also known as Penina Mlama (born 1948), is a Tanzanian Kiswahili playwright, and a theorist and practitioner of popular theatre in Tanzania.
Life.
Born in Tanzania, Muhando gained a BA in theater arts, a BA in education, and a PhD in language and linguistics from the University of Dar es Salaam. She rose to become professor and head of the Department of Theater Arts at the university.

</doc>
<doc id="31116164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31116164" title="Corvo, Italy">
Corvo, Italy

Corvo is a village in the province of Catanzaro, in the Calabria region of southern Italy. It lies west of the Viale Magna Grecia.

</doc>
<doc id="31116184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31116184" title="Home Army 5th Wilno Brigade">
Home Army 5th Wilno Brigade

The Home Army 5th Wilno Brigade (also known as the "Brigade of Death") was a unit of the Polish anti-Nazi resistance organization Home Army, active in the Vilnius Region during World War II. The main commander of the brigade was major Zygmunt Szendzielarz, nom de guerre ""Łupaszko"".
During the German occupation of Poland the brigade found itself in particularly difficult circumstances as it faced off against three different foes; the German Nazis, Lithuanian units which were collaborating with them, as well as Soviet partisans who generally fought against Home Army units in the region. In July 1944, the brigade numbered around 500 partisans.

</doc>
<doc id="31116206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31116206" title="Every Child Has Opportunities Charter School">
Every Child Has Opportunities Charter School

Every Child Has Opportunities (ECHO) Charter School is a charter school located in Echo, Minnesota. The school serves about 185 students in pre-kindergarten through twelfth grade.
Geography.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the city of Echo Minnesota has a total area of 1.0 square miles (2.6 km²), all of it is land and none of it is covered in water.
History.
Before Echo became a charter school in the fall of 1997 it used to be a public school. Echo public school began in the town of Echo in 1926. Echo was paired with Wood Lake Public. Echo was approved to be a charter school on June 9, 1997. On September 2, 1997 E.C.H.O. Charter school opened their doors to 43 students 3 teachers and one office clerk.Today, Fourteen years later, ECHO opens the doors to 185 students 25 teachers 10 paras and 3 office clerks. There are plans to build a new addition to the building that will consist of a gym and some extra class rooms.
Extracurricular activities.
Dinner Theater is an extracurricular activity at Echo Charter School.
Other extracurricular activities include Choir, Band, Football, Volleyball, Basketball, Knowledge Bowl, and Track. Choir and Band are classes that consists of music. The ECHO music program is mandatory for elementary and underclassmen. For High School it is just a credit class that is an option for them. The football team is called the Rockets. This team was formed in the 2008–2009 school year. Volleyball is also new to ECHO they also formed the same year as the Football team. Knowledge Bowl is an extra class that tests your knowledge in all sorts of subjects. They compete in tournaments against other schools around the region. Basketball is a sport that has been at Echo for a while. ECHO Charter School has built a gym that hosts basketball and volleyball games. Track is a new sport at ECHO this school year 2010–2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31116228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31116228" title="Royal Noble Consort of Korean Kings">
Royal Noble Consort of Korean Kings

Royal Noble Consort was the title of royal concubines of Korean kings (including the Three Kingdoms, Unified Silla, Goryeo and Joseon Dynasty periods). During the Joseon Dynasty (not including the Korean Empire at the end of Joseon), they were part of the "naegung" (내궁) and ranked beneath the queen, but above low-ranked concubines and court ladies (rank 5a and below). This meant that Royal Noble Consorts from rank 1 to 4 were considered part of the Royal Family.
Thus, the Queen Consort (jungjeon 중전) was followed by 4 categories of high-ranked royal consorts, with 2 levels each. Level a (jeong, 정) ranked above level b (jong, 종):
1a. Bin 빈 (嬪): Royal Noble Consort rank 1<br>
1b. Gwiin 귀인 (貴人)<br>
2a. Soeui 소의 (昭儀): Royal Noble Consort rank 2<br>
2b. Sugeui 숙의 (淑儀)<br>
3a. Soyong 소용 (昭容): Royal Noble Consort rank 3<br>
3b. Sugyong 숙용 (淑容)<br>
4a. Sowon 소원 (昭媛): Royal Noble Consort rank 4<br>
4b. Sugwon 숙원 (淑媛)<br> 
For the rank of Bin, the King or Queen consort would attach a prefix in association with the character/personality of the Royal Consort, such as Huibin (Hui = Radiant), Sukbin (Suk = Clarity/Purity), Euibin (Eui = Appropriate/Fitting), and so forth. However, they are all of the same rank "Bin" so they are all of equal rank.
5a. "sanggung" (상궁 or 尙宮) and "sangeui" (상의 or 尙儀)
Court Ladies who served directly under the royal family members, and the head manager of their assigned department. Depending on their role and department, there would be internal ranking within the sanggung. For example, a sanggung who served the Queen has higher authority and ranking than a sanggung who serves a prince, princess, and/or concubine. A sanggung could also become a "Royal Concubine" if the King showed favor. They would be called "favored sanggung" and would be considered the highest rank of the 5a. However, since they are still in the rank of 5, the "favored sanggung" would not be considered a member of the royal family, part of the naegung, and considered a Royal Noble Consort. Instead, they would just be known as a concubine of the rank of sanggung. However, the favored sanggung would have a sanggung of her own to serve her.
5b to 9b. Rankings of the lower class palace ladies and girls. Palace ladies are usually admitted into the palace from a young age. Therefore, the palace becomes their primary residence. They are not allowed to leave the palace except on special occasions with the permission of the higher ranking.

</doc>
<doc id="31116232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31116232" title="Gandharv">
Gandharv

The Gandharv (sometimes pronounced Gandharb) are a Hindu community found in North India.
Origin.
The Gandharv are an ancient community, frequently mentioned in ancient Sanskrit texts as a group associated with singing and dancing to entertain the gods. They are divided into seven exogamous clans, known as gotras. These seven clans are the Arakh, Sital, Ramsi, Shahimal, Hiwan, Panchbhaiya, and Dhomana. The Gandharv are found mainly in the Hindu holy cities of Allahabad and Varanasi. They speak both standard Hindi and the Bhojpuri dialect.Traditionally, the Gandharv were a community of singers and musicians, who were often employed by nautch girls. Half of the fees were given to the Gandharv. They have a seen a decline in their traditional occupation, and many are now landless agricultural labourers.

</doc>
<doc id="31116259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31116259" title="Darker Handcraft">
Darker Handcraft

Darker Handcraft is the third studio album by the American rock band Trap Them. The album was first released in a vinyl LP format on March 1, 2011 and on CD and digital formats two weeks later on March 15, 2011 through Prosthetic Records. It's also the group's first release through Prosthetic after announcing their departure from Deathwish Inc. in 2009. "Darker Handcraft" was produced by Kurt Ballou of Converge.
"Darker Handcraft" is the first Trap Them album recorded with drummer Chris Maggio formerly of the hardcore band Coliseum. Vocalist Ryan McKenny observed a stronger bond among band members with the addition of Maggio. McKenny noted that, during the writing process, Trap Them was focused and never got mad at one another. 
Reception.
"Darker Handcraft" has received mainly positive reviews, from many critics. AllMusic stated "Trap Them and their ilk are bound to leave many happily damaged eardrums before they runs their course". Dre Okorley of AbsolutePunk remarked ""Darker Handcraft" deciphers what Leatherface turned into his special forte: it stretches skin and curdles blood like it's a walk in the park". Though minor flaws were noted in the album, it appeared in the upper percentile of the majority of heavy music sites.
Personnel.
Trap Them
Additional personnel

</doc>
<doc id="31116294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31116294" title="New York Film Critics Circle Award for Best Non-Fiction Film">
New York Film Critics Circle Award for Best Non-Fiction Film

The New York Film Critics Circle for Best Non-Fiction Film is the award given for best feature documentary film at the annual New York Film Critics Circle Awards. The category was originally named Best Documentary and was awarded as such between 1980 and 1996. In 1997 it was discontinued and in 1998 it was relaunched under its current name.

</doc>
<doc id="31116372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31116372" title="Brophy College Chapel">
Brophy College Chapel

The chapel at Brophy College Preparatory, a high school and former college in central Phoenix, Arizona, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places in that state. It was listed on the NRHP in 1993.
History and architecture.
The building was constructed in 1928 (the cornerstone was laid on April 29) along with the original school as a donation from Mrs. William Henry Brophy in memory of her late husband. The Mission/Spanish Colonial Revival building was built from brick with stucco facing, along with clay tile for the roof. It was designed by Lescher & Kibbey, prominent local architects who also designed several other NRHP-listed buildings in Phoenix, and built by the E.J. Wasielewski Construction Company.
Situated along Phoenix's Central Avenue in mid-town, the bell tower of the chapel, which is tall and topped with a dome and cross, is the focal point of the campus as well as Brophy's logo.
The chapel is square and measures 100x100 feet. It is two and a half stories tall. Various pilasters divide the building into vertical bays.
Interior architecture.
The building's altar is made of pink tufa stone, quarried near Wickenburg, designed in a Mexican baroque style. A painting of the Holy Family, made by an unknown Italian artist in the 1400s, is framed above. Inside the sacristy, a 1670 crucifix from the Monk's Cemetery at Evaux in France — a survivor of the World War I Battle of Verdun — is hung.
Local blacksmiths made the heavily Spanish-inspired wrought iron chandeliers. Other metalwork includes the original Communion rail, moved after Vatican Council II to a side altar.
The stained glass windows were executed in Dublin, Ireland, by the artists of An Tur Gloine. All except the one in the choir loft had been ordered by 1934; a local artist was commissioned to create this remaining window in 1985.
Parish use.
In 1928, St. Francis parish was established as the second in Phoenix (St. Mary's was the first). The Brophy chapel served as the parish until 1959.
The building's significance derives from this Southwestern Regional architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="31116409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31116409" title="708th Volksgrenadier Division (Wehrmacht)">
708th Volksgrenadier Division (Wehrmacht)

The 708th Volksgrenadier Division (708th People's Grenadier Division) (German: "708. Volksgrenadierdivision"), formerly the 708th Infantry Division (German: "708. Infanteriedivision") was a German army division active during World War II. It took part in "Operation Northwind", where it was subsequently destroyed.
Operational history.
The 708th Infantry Division was formed from men around Strasbourg in Wehrkreis VIII.
Reactivation.
The 708th Division was reactivated in September 1944 as a new "Volksgrenadier" division, and placed under the leadership of "Major" Hans-Ludwig Kuhlenkampff on the 10th. The division was sent to occupy and defend Czechoslovakia from the Soviet advance. After two months, the division was sent to the western front as part of the LXIV Army Corps, with "Lieutenant Colonel" Johannes Marahrens taking over as commanding officer the following January. The division was destroyed the following month in the "Colmar Pocket".

</doc>
<doc id="31116412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31116412" title="Godfrey A. Rockefeller">
Godfrey A. Rockefeller

Godfrey Anderson Rockefeller, Sr. (May 22, 1924 – January 22, 2010) was an American aviator. He was the eldest son of Godfrey Stillman Rockefeller (1899—1983) and Helen Gratz. He is best known for his environmental interests and role in the World Wildlife Fund.
Life.
Like his father Godfrey Stillman, Godfrey Anderson Rockefeller was born in New York City and grew up to attend Yale University, at the same time as family friend George H. W. Bush, this after first attending Phillips Academy Andover. He joined the United States Marine Corps and served in both World War II and the Korean War, achieving the rank of Major Aviator Pilot. 
Godfrey spent twenty five years in the commercial helicopter industry, working for Bell Helicopters as Chief Pilot; Peter Wright, Sr. recalled that he once landed a Bell 47 on a wide tennis court "because he did not want to ruin the lawn!" He was President and Chairman of the Helicopter Association of America, now known as the Helicopter Association International, in 1968, and also belonged to the American Helicopter Society, being a member since 1952 and belonging to its Gold Circle Club.
Rockefeller "played an important role in the founding and creation" of the World Wildlife Fund, which included "hiring the first staff and chief scientist", and later served as its Executive Director from 1972 to 1978. From 1977 to 2006 he served on the Board of Directors and the National Council of the WWF.
From 1981 to 1990 he was Chairman of the Chesapeake Bay Foundation, and after that Chairman Emeritus. Rockefeller owned a home on Gibson Island in Maryland and was keenly interested in the preservation of the failing Chesapeake Bay. Following his unexpected death on January 22, 2010 at the St. Andrew's Club in Delray Beach, Florida, where he also owned a home, the Gibson Island community honoured him by flying their flag at half-mast.
Family.
Godfrey's first marriage to Constance Hamilton Wallace ended in divorce. He was then married to Margaret "Margo" Kuhn Rockefeller for fifty three years; she died in 2009, a year before his death. He is survived by four children and several grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="31116419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31116419" title="Jack Richardson (baseball)">
Jack Richardson (baseball)

John William Richardson (October 3, 1892 – January 18, 1970) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played in and with the Philadelphia Athletics.

</doc>
<doc id="31116503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31116503" title="EHDD">
EHDD

Esherick Homsey Dodge and Davis (also known as EHDD Architecture) is a United States based architecture, interiors, planning and urban design firm. EHDD, ranked among the top 20 architecture firms in the San Francisco Bay Area where it is headquartered, is known especially for its sensitivity to place, technical innovation, and sustainable design that hark back to its very beginning. From its early residential work, to The Sea Ranch and Monterey Bay Aquarium, to more recent LEED® certified and net-zero buildings, the firm is recognized for its ethos of collaboration, commitment to innovation and investigation, and responsiveness to site, light and climate.
History.
EHDD grew out of a practice founded in 1946 by the late American architect Joseph Esherick (1914–1998). Esherick began his career designing houses for the architect Gardner Dailey and maintained an interest in private residences throughout his life. He taught at the University of California, Berkeley (1952–1985), was among the influential faculty who supported William Wurster's founding of the College of Environmental Design in 1959, and served as chair of the Architecture Department (1976–1982). Esherick received the AIA Gold Medal in 1989 and the first AIA California Council Maybeck Award in 1992.
In 1952, George Homsey joined the firm, followed by Peter Dodge in 1956, and Chuck Davis in 1962. In 1963 the firm became Joseph Esherick and Associates reflecting their partnership. The firm's early years were primarily devoted to residential work. By the mid-1960s the firm was taking on larger and more complex projects particularly in higher education but in other sectors as well. In 1972, Joseph Esherick and Associates became Esherick Homsey Dodge and Davis.
In the late 1970s, the firm was commissioned to design Monterey Bay Aquarium which opened in 1984 and won the National Honor Award from the American Institute of Architects (AIA) in 1988. This proved to be a seminal project, expanding the firm's involvement in large aquarium, zoo and museum projects. Through the 1980s and continuing to the present, the firm's work has expanded to include a wide range of building types and scales in both the public and private sectors. Esherick Homsey Dodge and Davis was given the AIA California Council Firm Award in 1980 and the AIA National Firm of the Year Award in 1986. The AIA California Council awarded the Maybeck Award to Chuck Davis in 2003 and to George Homsey in 2006. Peter Dodge received the AIA Council Lifetime Achievement Award for Distinguished Service in 2008.
With Joseph Esherick's passing in 1998, the firm began to change its management structure and implement a succession plan. George Homsey and Peter Dodge had become independent consultants in 1995. In 2001, Duncan Ballash, Jennifer Devlin and Marc L'Italien became principals and Scott Shell became principal in 2006. While building on the legacy of the founder and original principals, in order to better reflect the changes in leadership, the firm adopted the name EHDD architecture.
Since its inception the firm has garnered more than 200 design awards and honors. In addition to 11 LEED® certified buildings, among them 5 LEED® Platinum certified projects, the firm has been awarded over 30 sustainable design awards including three Center for the Built Environment awards and three AIA Committee on the Environment (COTE) Top Ten Green Building awards.
Notable Buildings.
Aquarium of the Pacific
Audubon Center at Debs Park
Bermak House, Oakland, California
California Science Center, Ecosystems Wing (with ZGF)
California State University, Monterey Bay, Tanimura and Antle Family Memorial Library
Carnegie Institution for Science, Department of Globabl Ecology (Stanford, CA)
Cary House
Chartwell School
City College of San Francisco, Chinatown/North Beach Campus (with Barcelon and Jang)
David and Lucile Packard Foundation (The) 
Exploratorium at Piers 15 / 17
F10 House
Lincoln Park Zoo, Pritzker Family Children's Zoo
Marin Country Day School
Mills College, Betty Irene Moore Natural Sciences Building
Monterey Bay Aquarium
Napier House
National Mississippi River Museum & Aquarium
National Museum of Marine Biology & Aquarium (Taiwan)
One Hawthorne
Residences at Spanish Bay (The)
San Mateo Public Library
Schneider House (The Sea Ranch)
Sea Ranch (The)
Shedd Aquarium
Stanford University, Kavli Institute for Particle Astrophysics and Cosmology
University of California, Berkeley,Clark Kerr Campus Renewal
University of California, Berkeley, College of Environmental Design (Wurster Hall)
University of California, Berkeley, Main Library Complex, Doe/Moffitt Libraries
University of California, Berkeley, Residence Halls Units I & II
University of California, Merced, Science + Engineering Building
University of California, San Diego, Supercomputer Center Expansion
University of California, San Francisco, Kalmanovitz Library
University of California, Santa Barbara, Ocean Science Education Building 
University of California, Santa Cruz, Colleges 9 & 10 Residences and Dining Hall / University Center
University of California, Santa Cruz, Science Library
University of California, Santa Cruz, Biomedical Sciences Building 
University of California, Santa Cruz, Stevenson College
Utah State University, Logan, Merrill-Cazier Library
Valparaiso University, Indiana, Christopher Center for Library and Information Resources
Awards.
AIA National Honor Award, 1988
AIA National Firm of the Year Award, 1986
AIA COTE Top Ten – Chartwell School 
AIA COTE Top Ten – Carnegie Institution for Science, Department of Global Ecology 
AIA COTE Top Ten – F10 House 
AIA SF Honor Award, 2011 – Marin Country Day School, Step 2
CBE livable building awards honorable mention 2010 – Kavli Institute for Particle Astrophysics and Cosmology
CBE livable building awards winner 2009 – Chartwell School
CBE livable building awards winner 2007 – Carnegie Institution for Science, Department of Global Ecology
The Chicago Athenaeum: Museum of Architecture and Design / The European Centre for Architecture Art Design and Urban Studies Design Excellence Award, 2007 – Lincoln Park Zoo, Pritzker Family Children’s Zoo
References.
"Joseph Esherick: an Architectural Practice in the San Francisco Bay Area, 1938-1996". Interviews by Suzanne Riess. Berkeley: Regional History Office, The Bancroft Library, University of California (1996)
Moore, Charles. "The End of Arcadia" in "Bay Area Houses", edited by Sally Woodbridge. New York: Oxford University Press (1976)
Schwarzer, Mitchell. "San Francisco: Architecture of the San Francisco Bay Area: a History & Guide". San Francisco: William Stout Publishers (2007)

</doc>
<doc id="31116549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31116549" title="Lone soldier">
Lone soldier

In the Israel Defense Forces (IDF), a lone soldier (, "Hayal Boded") is defined as a serviceman or woman without parents in Israel. Lone soldiers serve in regular units and receive various forms of support from the IDF, Israeli government ministries and other organizations. Their exact number fluctuates over time, but is consistently in the thousands; the Jewish Telegraphic Agency reported in April 2012 that there were an "estimated 5,000". About 40% of them serve in combat units. They are generally either overseas Jews volunteering under the Mahal or Tzofim Garin Tzabar programmes, or recently arrived "olim chadashim" (Jewish immigrants), although other possibilities exist (e.g. orphaned natives). According to an IDF spokeswoman, 8,217 foreign-born personnel enlisted between 2009 and August 2012. The most represented countries of origin were Russia and the United States, with 1,685 and 1,661 recruits respectively.
Lone soldiers receive a higher basic salary from the IDF, as well as financial assistance from the Ministry of Immigrant Absorption and the Ministry of Housing and Construction. They are also given help with housing, and the right to extra time off, including 30 days per year to visit family overseas.
Organizations that help lone soldiers include the Lone Soldier Center in memory of Michael Levin, the Association for the Wellbeing of Israel's Soldiers (an Israeli-based charity), The Benji Hillman Foundation which offers housing and guidance for lone soldiers, The FIDF/NBN Lone Soldiers Program and The Jewish Agency for Israel through the Guidance Center and the WINGS programs . The Lone Soldier Center, which is open 24 hours a day, assists lone soldiers and their families overseas, provides meals on Shabbat and holidays, gives lone soldiers educational and social opportunities, and, where needed, helps them find adoptive families in Israel. The FIDF/NBN Lone Soldiers Program provides a holistic solution that offers guidance, support, and care for all Olim (immigrants to Israel) Lone Soldiers at all stages of the process: prior to Aliyah, prior to being drafted, throughout military service and after release from the IDF (when adjusting to a civilian life in Israel).
Where a soldier's parents live in Israel, but he or she is not in contact with them, it is possible for him or her to be designated an "irregular" lone soldier. In early 2011, "The Jerusalem Post" reported that about 46% of the approximately 5,000 lone soldiers in the military at that time had family in Israel, but were estranged from them. An IDF adviser to lone soldiers told Arutz Sheva in 2012 that most of these were youths from Haredi religious backgrounds, shunned by their families for joining the army. Irregular lone soldier status can also be given if both of an IDF soldier's parents are working abroad for the Israeli government. If a soldier marries while serving in the IDF, he or she loses lone soldier status. A lone soldier's benefits are also at risk if his or her parents themselves move to Israel.
Notable lone soldiers.
David "Mickey" Marcus, the State of Israel's first aluf (general), pre-dates the modern concept of a lone soldier, but would perhaps be considered one under today's definition. Born into a Romanian Jewish family in Manhattan, New York in 1901, he served in the United States Army during World War II (achieving the rank of colonel), and joined the nascent Jewish army in Mandatory Palestine in January 1948, doing so under the "nom de guerre" "Michael Stone". Following the Israeli Declaration of Independence on 14 May 1948 and the establishment of the Israel Defense Forces 12 days later, Marcus commanded the Jerusalem front during the 1948 War until 10 June, when he was killed by friendly fire. Returning to Israeli positions in the middle of the night, Marcus was spotted by an 18-year-old sentry, Eliezer Linski, who did not recognize the general, seeing only a figure in white. Linski requested a password, but the American did not understand the Hebrew challenge; his answer in English meant nothing to Linski, who fired into the air. Marcus attempted to flee, prompting Linski and other sentries to shoot him dead. The general's body was returned to the United States and buried at West Point Cemetery, where it is the only resting place for an American killed fighting under another country's flag. Israel's first prime minister, David Ben-Gurion, regarded Marcus very highly, saying "He was the best man we had."
Michael Levin, born in Holland, Pennsylvania in 1984, made "aliyah" to Israel in 2002, and joined the Paratroopers Brigade of the Israel Defense Forces. He was on overseas leave in Pennsylvania when the 2006 Lebanon War broke out. Though the IDF told him he was not required to return, he cut his visit short to rejoin his unit, telling his family "I have to go back." When he reported for duty, the IDF assigned him to guard in Hebron, preferring not to send a lone soldier to the front line, but Levin was adamant on fighting in Lebanon, and successfully requested permission to do so with the Paratroopers. He was killed in action on 1 August 2006, the 21st day of the war, by Hezbollah fighters in the Lebanese town of Ayta ash Shab. Of the 41 Israeli soldiers killed up to that point in the 2006 Lebanon War, two others were lone soldiers: an Australian and a Ukrainian. Levin's death received a great deal of attention; over 2,000 people attended his funeral on Mount Herzl in Jerusalem, and a documentary about his life, "A Hero in Heaven", was directed and produced by Sally Mitlas, an American filmmaker, and released in 2007. During his life, Levin told of his idea for a center for lone soldiers, which would provide them with meals, support and advice. With the support of Tziki Aud, a Jewish Agency employee who had known Levin, a group of former lone soldiers established the Lone Soldier Center in memory of Michael Levin in 2009.
Rights during IDF service.
According to the Lone Soldier Center in memory of Michael Levin, a lone soldier in the Israel Defense Forces has the following rights while serving:

</doc>
<doc id="31116564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31116564" title="Fennville High School">
Fennville High School

Fennville High School is a four-year comprehensive public high school serving students in grades nine through twelve from Fennville, Michigan, United States, as part of the Fennville Public Schools.

</doc>
<doc id="31116569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31116569" title="Missouri Senate elections, 2010">
Missouri Senate elections, 2010

The 2010 Missouri Senate elections were held on November 2, 2010. Voters in the 12 even-numbered districts of the Missouri Senate voted for their representatives. Other elections were also held on November 2. The Missouri Republican Party gained three seats and maintained control of the Missouri Senate.

</doc>
<doc id="31116582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31116582" title="Zofia Stryjeńska">
Zofia Stryjeńska

Zofia Stryjeńska (born 13 May 1891 in Kraków, died 1976 in Geneva) - Polish painter, graphic designer, illustrator, stage designer, a representative of art deco, wife of Karol Stryjeński. Along with Olga Boznańska and Tamara de Lempicka, she was one of the best-known Polish women artists of the interwar period. In the 1930s she was nominated for the prestigious Golden Laurel of the Polish Academy of Literature, but declined the offer.
Biography.
Stryjenska was the oldest of six children of Franciszek Lubański. As a child, she often drew and painted. She first attended a craft school, then a teacher's seminary, and until 1909 Leonard Stroynowski's private art school. In 1909 she started to study painting at the Maria Niedzielska fine art school for women. She graduated in 1911 with honors for painting and applied art. In 1910 she joined her father on a trip to Italy via Austria-Hungary, during which they visited galleries and museums in Vienna and Venice. As a young girl she worked for magazines such as "Role" and "Voice of the People". 
On October 1, 1911 she was admitted to the Academy of Fine Arts, Munich; only 40 of around 200 applicants were taken. She used the name of her brother, Tadeusz Grzymala Lubański and dressed like a boy because at the time, the academy did not accept women. After a year, her fellow students started to become suspicious. She returned to Kraków, where she worked on painting and literature. Her first artistic success came in 1912, when the Kraków Society of Friends of Fine Art included 18 of her watercolour illustrations of Polish Fables in its exhibition.
In May 1913, Jerzy Warchałowski, art critic of the Polish magazine "Time", discussed Sophia Lubański extensively, making her well known and launching her career. At that time, the family moved to bohemian Kraków, where she met Zelenski, Zdzisław Jachimecki, Puszetów and Wojciech Kossak. She became friends with Magdalena Samozwaniec and her sister Maria Pawlikowska-Jasnorzewska.
Interwar period.
On 4 November 1916 Zofia married Karol Stryjeński, an architect of the Zakopane style. She bore him three children: daughter Magdę and twins Jacka and Jana. Stryjeński introduced his wife to his friends, artists and representatives of world literature. She met, among others Wladyslaw Skoczylas, Henryk Kune, Stefan Żeromski, Władysław Reymont, Stanisław Ignacy Witkiewicz and later several poets of the Skamander group.
In the period 1921 - 1927, she lived in Zakopane, where her husband worked as a director of the School for the Wood Industry. This period, started out happy and with abundant creativity. However, over the years she estranged more and more from Karol, which eventually led to open conflict and divorce in 1927. Karol died in 1932.
After the divorce, she moved to Warsaw, where in 1929 she married actor Artur Klemens Socha. The marriage was soon ended, as she discovered that he suffered from syphilis. By the end of the 30's she was tied up, also for a short time with the architect and bon vivant Achilles Brez and then with the traveller and writer Arkady Fiedler.
In the first half of the 30's she was a forgotten artist. Stryjeńska did not and did not want to seek recognition. She desperately needed money, as she sold few paintings. Only in 1938 did she receive several orders from the Polish Ministry of Foreign Affairs, including one for a carpet for the Emperor of Japan Hirohito. She took part in the interior decoration of the Polish passenger ships "Bathory"and "Pilsudski" and the interior decoration of Wedel's cafe. People started buying her paintings of Slavic and historical themes again.
She spent the second world war in Kraków. In 1943 she discovered she had syphilis, which affected her eyes so that at times she could not paint. In the beginning of 1945 the Russians entered the city, instituting a communist regime. Stryjeńska decided to leave Poland. After living for short whiles in Geneva, Paris and Brussels, she settled in Geneva, where her daughter lived. Later, her sons joined them. She tried to go to the U.S., seeking help from the Kosciuszko Foundation. However, the Board of the Foundation, refused her. She continued to live very modestly in Geneva, as a rule refusing help, even from her sons. She remained emotionally connected with the Polish and Polish culture and Switzerland remained foreign country to her. She died in 1976 in Geneva and was buried in the local Chenebourg cemetery.
Artwork.
Stryjeńska was part of the art group "Rytm" (rhythm). She may also have been influenced by Young Poland ("Młoda Polska"), a stylistically diverse art movement active between 1890 and 1918. She mainly used the tempera technique, producing lithographs, drawings, posters, designing toys, tapestry, stage sets, stage costumes and making book illustrations.
Among her best known works are: "pastorale", "Slavic Idols cycle" and "Passover", as well as illustrations of the poem "Monachomachii" by bishop Krasicki, "Seasons", "Christmas Carols", "Four Polish Dances", and "the sacraments".
She made part of the decoration of the Polish pavilion at the Exposition Internationale des Arts Decoratifs et Industriels Modernes in Paris in 1925, a series of six paintings for the twelve months, showing rural village life and seasonal change. This work brought her Europe-wide fame and five World Trade awards. She made a series of paintings depicting Polish folk dance artists in 1927.
In many works, she depicting the pre-Christian Slavic gods worshipped in Poland. However, the artist herself always considered herself a Christian. She was educated as a Catholic, but converted for a short time to the Evangelical Church in order to divorce and re-marry. Her fascination with the beliefs of ancient Slavs should be regarded as an artistic interest only.
Writing.
Stryjeńska wanted to give her children a good education. She wrote a handbook on the etiquette of her time, using the pseudonym "Professor Hilar". Her memoir, "bread almost every day" was published in 1995. Her writing is characterized by free flowing language and a rich vocabulary .
Recognition.
Mieczyslaw Grydzewski nicknamed her "her royal highness, the princess of Polish art" in "Literary News". In 1930 the government gave her its highest award, Polonia Restituta. in 1936 the Polish Academy of Literature awarded her the Gold Academic Wreath for her contribution to Polish art in general. After the second world war, she refused to join the communist-run Union of Polish Artists. Therefore, official policy was to ignore her as an artist and systematically call her insignificant. Yet, the government widely reproduced her art without paying her royalties. She did not complain about the missed income, but deplored the low quality of the reproductions. In 1974, the US-based Alfred Jurzykowski Foundation presented her an award. Only in 1989 was she rehabilitated in Poland and recognized again as a great Polish artist. In 1991, Maria Gronska presented her work in a monograph. In 2008, the National Museum in Kraków organized a great retrospective exhibition of the work of Stryjeńska. In 2009, the exhibition visited the National Museum in Poznan and the National Museum in Warsaw . The exhibition was accompanied by a richly illustrated catalogue and bibliography, edited by Svyatoslav Lenartowicza, curator of the exhibition. In 2011, Stryjeńska was the subject of a 2 zloty Polish commemorative coin.

</doc>
<doc id="31116606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31116606" title="Gazzo (magician)">
Gazzo (magician)

Gary 'Gazzo' Osbourne is a British street magician. An expert in cons and scams he moved to the US in the 1980s where he befriended the legendary Walter Irving Scott (The Phantom). He is Scott's only pupil and the only person with whom Scott entrusted his biography and life's work at card cheating and sleights.
Early life.
Born in 1960 in Wallingford his interest in magic was sparked by a Christmas gift from his aunt. Age 10 he also received a copy of 'The Phantom of the Card Table' manuscript by Walter Irving Scott and Eddie McGuire, from his grandfather. The almost impossibly skilled protagonist talked about, The Phantom, intrigued the young magician and influenced his own development. He focused on scams and swindles, associating with a team of monte men until, in the late 1970s, he moved to London.
Street magic.
In London Osborne took to street performance on the weekends at Covent Garden. His show was a mixture of magic and comedy. At the Magic Circle headquarters in London he practiced his sleight of hand card work, among some of the top performers in the country, from what he could now gather from Scott's manuscript. While he obsessed with false dealing, and Scott's work, Osbourne began to notice that no one else appreciated Scott's stature, or even knew he, or his work, even existed. The few that did believe the wild stories of 'The Phantom's' skills also believed he was still alive, fifty years after his famous demonstration in New York in 1930, and this was the incentive Osborne needed to search out this mysterious figure of magic folklore.
America.
In 1983 Osborne arrived in New York City. Short of money he relied on the kindness of other street performers, or their friends, to have a place to stay. He also had to tailor his style of comedy to the American audiences in order to start making money from his street magic shows again.
He continued to practice his card work and demonstrated his skills to local New York magicians. After years of dedicated work his skills were without doubt. His reputation as a first class card dealer spread quickly and he soon found himself, much like his manuscript mentor, performing for the elite of New York's Inner Circle.
He was praised by the likes of Harry Lorayne and, gambling expert, Tony Giorgio.
Eventually Osborne began touring the states, and moved to Key West where he continued performing his street magic to greater success. He continued his traveling and in Boston acquired the new name 'Gazzo Macée'. This is where he met his 1st wife, Linda Ochwat. They were married and shared a brief time together. Gazzo's idea of marriage was not what he expected. He abruptly dropped Linda off at her relatives, said he would be off for a quick show, but never returned again. Without any warning to her and no explanation afterwards, he began his new life.
His version of the classic cups and balls routine, in which he produced a full melon, got him an invitation by the American Association of Magicians to perform at one of their conferences. It was there he met Ray Goulet, a man who had seen 'The Phantom' decades earlier.
After finding no luck in obtaining information about Scott his original quest to America had virtually been forgotten. When Gazzo visited Goulet at his Museum of Magic in Watertown, Massachusetts, he was shocked to discover that Goulet knew that Scott was still alive. He also knew where he lived. Goulet gave Gazzo a business card for 'Walter Scott and his magic' bearing an address in Massachusetts and a phone number.
A chance meeting.
The day after receiving the card Gazzo called the number and nervously arranged a meeting with Walter Scott for the next day. It was sharp and to the point and Gazzo didn't have the courage to ask any questions about cardsharps, cheating or Scott's 'work'. However he was nonetheless thrilled to be so close to his goal.
Scott greeted him warmly, making tea and talking about Gazzo's trip from England. He then produced a musical instrument and ask Gazzo to play so he could see how good he was. Gazzo sat dumbfounded. Apparently there had been a misunderstanding. Scott had expected a student of music looking for lessons. Looking at his business card again Gazzo realised it said 'Music' and not magic. There was no hint of magic, cards or old evidence to suggest Scott was ever a cardman. He was at least 80 years old and wore glasses.
Devastated Gazzo admitted his mistake at asking for 'lessons', and in an attempt to explain he removed his 1976 edition of 'The Phantom at the Card Table' from his bag. As he left the room to get some more tea Gazzo heard "That book should never have been written".
With that, the truth was clear and the conversation continued. Scott resented McGuire writing that book and spent the next few hours opening up to Gazzo. They talked about his time in New York and about Cardini, McGuire, Max Holden and Dai Vernon. As Gazzo prepared to leave he asked to have his manuscript signed. Scott said he had a ruby that Gazzo could have. Gazzo just wanted the signature. "You're learning fast kid" was Scott's reply.
New generation.
Many more meetings followed and Scott gave his side of the story. He talked about cheating, scams, that night in New York, Vernon and McGuire. He revealed his life story and how he eventually had to give up his young hedonistic lifestyle. He also began teaching Gazzo all the 'work' he had used all those years before. Gazzo became known as Scott's pupil and was his emissary in the magic community, relating the stories of New York and the perfect deals.
He was baffling magicians everywhere he went with his refined, Scott approved, dealing skills. Gazzo now intended to write a book and share Scott's story, skills and advice.
Progress was slow however. Gazzo had gotten married to Kristin, and had a child named Chaney. Added to this was Scott's age, his memory fading as the years passed more and more.
Legacy.
In the summer of 1994 Gazzo suffered a mild stroke in the middle of a street show. He was taken to a hospital and diagnosed. Unfortunately without medical insurance, he was discharged with a bill of $30,000.
Unable to work due to his illness, he was buoyed by his street performer friends who raised almost $20,000 to help him out. Although he began to physically recover he was to starting to suffer from depression. This was a combination of not being able to work and that the stroke had affected his motor skills to the point he could no longer do Scott's 'work'.
His recovery was the result of Kristin's support and his own strength and sense of humour. It took almost two years and was not helped when Gazzo heard the news that Walter Scott had died, 12 May 1995.
Despite never recovering full use of his left hand he returned to magic, and worked on making people laugh at the show. 
In 2001, aware of the fact he was still the torchbearer for the Phantom legend, he resumed work on his book. He contacted David Britland and in 2002 they published "Phantoms of the Card Table; Confessions of a Card Sharp". This book told Scott's entire story, and detailed his eventful demonstration in 1930. It detailed the special card work that Scott had perfected decades earlier and introduced the level of skill and practice necessary to survive as a cardsharp to an entire new generation.
Gazzo is now living in Bath, England and continues to give lectures and performances around the world and perform street magic. He has published several magic related book, manuscripts and DVDs.
He also produces custom made magic items.

</doc>
<doc id="31116608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31116608" title="California Smog Check Program">
California Smog Check Program

The California Smog Check Program requires vehicles that were manufactured in 1976 or later to participate in the biennial (every two years) smog check program. The program’s stated aim is to reduce air pollution from vehicles by ensuring that cars with excessive emissions are repaired. With some exceptions, gas-powered vehicles that are six years old or newer are not required to participate; instead, these vehicles pay a smog abatement fee for the first 6 years in place of being required to pass a smog check. The six-year exception does not apply to nonresident (previously registered out-of-state) vehicles being registered in California for the first time, diesel vehicles 1998 model or newer and weighing 14,000 lbs or less, or specially constructed vehicles 1976 and newer. The program is a joint effort between the California Air Resources Board, the California Bureau of Automotive Repair, and the California Department of Motor Vehicles.
A Smog Check is not required for electric, hybrid, diesel powered manufactured before 1998 or weighing over 14,000 lbs, trailers, motorcycles, or gasoline powered vehicles 1975 or older.
Although vehicles 1975 and older are not required to get a smog check, owners of these vehicles must still ensure that their emissions systems are intact.
Anyone wishing to sell a vehicle that is over four years old must first have a smog check performed. It is the seller’s responsibility to get the smog certificate prior to the sale. If the vehicle is registered in California and was acquired from a spouse, domestic partner, sibling, child, parent, grandparent, or grandchild it is exempt.
California's history with smog.
According to the California EPA, "Californians set the pace nationwide in their love affair with cars". The state’s 34 million residents own approximately 25 million cars—one for every adult aged 18 years or older.
Smog is created when nitrogen oxides (NOx) and hydrocarbon gases (HC) are exposed to sunlight. The five gasses monitored during a smog check are Hydrocarbons (HC), Carbon Monoxide (CO), Nitrogen Oxides (NOx), Carbon Dioxide (CO2), and Oxygen (O2).
On a cumulative basis, California has the worst air quality in the nation. Ozone and particulate matter are of greatest concern. The current control programs for motor vehicles cost $10 billion per year.
Impact on human health.
In 1998 the Air Resource Board identified diesel particulate matter as carcinogenic. Further research revealed that it can cause life-shortening health problems such as respiratory illness, heart problems, asthma, and cancer. Diesel particulate matter is the most common airborne toxin that Californians breathe.
Between 2005 and 2007 air pollution led to almost 30,000 hospital and emergency room visits in California for asthma, pneumonia, and other respiratory and cardiovascular ailments. A study by RAND Corporation showed the cost to the state, federal and private health insurers was over $193 million in hospital-based medical care. John Romley lead author of the study. said "California's failure to meet air pollution standards causes a large amount of expensive hospital care." According to the American Lung Association, California’s dirty air causes 19,000 premature deaths, 9,400 hospitalizations and more than 300,000 respiratory illnesses including asthma and acute bronchitis.
A study of children living in Southern California found that smog can cause asthma. The study of over 3,000 children showed those living in high-smog areas were more likely to develop asthma if they were avid athletes, when compared to children who did not participate in sports.
More people in California live in areas that do not meet federal clean air standards than in any other state. A report by the American Lung Association states that some areas in California are the most polluted in the United States, with air quality that is likely damaging the health of millions of people. The report finds that Los Angeles, Bakersfield (CA), and Visalia-Porterville (CA) rank among the five U.S. cities most polluted with particulates and ozone.
Impact on global warming.
Carbon dioxide (CO2) is a greenhouse gas that is associated with global warming. Vehicles are a significant source of CO2 emissions and thus contribute to global warming. According to an advocacy group Environmental Defense, in 2004, automobiles from the three largest automakers in the US – Ford, GM, and DaimlerChrysler – contributed CO2 emissions that were comparable to those from the top 11 electric companies.
Historically, California was hottest in July and August, but as climate change takes place, the temperature may be extended from July through September, according to a report from the team established by the Air Resource Board. Some climate change simulations indicate the global warming impact on California will be an increase in the frequency of hot daytime and nighttime temperatures. The climate change simulations also indicate that drying in the Sacramento area may be evident by the mid 21st century. The California sea level has risen at about 7 inches per century, but this trend could change with global warming. According to the report by the Climate Action Team, “he sea-level rise projections in the 2008 Impacts Assessment indicate that the rate and total sea-level rise in future decades may increase substantially above the recent historical rates”. While all sectors are vulnerable to rising sea-levels, 70 percent of those at risk are residential areas. Hospitals, schools, water treatment plants, and other buildings may be at risk of flooding.
Climate change may also affect California’s diverse agricultural sector, since it is likely to change precipitation, temperature averages, pest and weed ranges, and the length of the growing season (this affecting crop productivity). In one study, researchers looked at the possible effects on the agricultural sector in the US and identified some possible effects. Results suggested that climate change will decrease annual crop yields in the long-term, especially for cotton.
Climate change in California could also impact energy consumption. Demand patterns for electricity might be affected as the mean temperatures and the frequency of hot days increases, increasing demand for cooling in summertime.
Causes of smog.
Air pollution has two primary sources, biogenic and anthropogenic. Biogenic sources are natural sources, such as volcanoes that spew particulate matter, lightning strikes that cause forest fires, and trees and other vegetation that release pollen and spores into the atmosphere.
Californian greenhouse gas emissions come mostly from transpiration, utilities, and industries including refineries, cement, manufacturing, forestry, and agriculture.
In 2004, transportation accounted for approximately 40 percent of total greenhouse gas emissions in California. About 80 percent of that came from road transportation.
Population growth increases air pollution, as more vehicles are on the road. California’s large population significantly contributes to the high amount of smog and air pollution in the state. In 1930, California’s population was less than six million people and the total registered vehicles were two million.
Topography.
California has a unique topography which contributes to some of the problems; the warm, sunny climate is ideal for trapping and forming air pollutants. On hot, sunny days, pollutants from vehicles, industry, and many products may chemically react with each other. In the winter, temperature inversions can trap tiny particles of smoke and exhaust from vehicles and anything else that burns fuel. This keeps pollution closer to the ground.
History of the Smog Check Program.
The first “Smog Check” program was implemented in March 1984. It came about as a result of "SB 33" which was passed in 1982. The program included a biennial and change of ownership testing, "BAR 84" idle emissions test plus a visual and functional inspection of various emission control components, a $50 repair cost limit, licensing shops to perform smog checks and mechanic certification for emissions repair competence. The program is generally known as “BAR 84” program.
In 1997 important laws were passed that made significant changes to Smog Check II.
In 1999, “AB 1105” made additional changes to the program. It authorized but did not require the Bureau of Automotive Repairs (BAR) to exempt vehicles up to six years old from the biennial smog check and gave the agency authorization to except additional vehicles by low-emitter profiling (Schwartz). It also created additional changes to the repair assistance program and provided BAR with increased flexibility for how much to pay drivers whose vehicle failed the smog check so that the vehicle may be scrapped.
In 2010 the Air Resource Board and the Bureau of Automotive Repair jointly sponsored legislation, "AB 2289", that is designed to improve the program to reduce air pollution through “the use of new technologies that provide considerable time and cost savings to consumers while at the same time improving consumer protections by adopting more stringent fine structures to respond to stations and technicians that perform improper and incomplete inspections”. The bill, which passed and will take effect in 2013, will allow for a major upgrade in technologies used to test vehicle emissions. According to ARB Chairman, Mary D. Nichols, “his new and improved program will have the same result as taking 800,000 old cars off the road, also resulting in a more cost effective program for California motorists”. One way the program would reduce costs is by taking advantage of on-board diagnostic technology that has been installed on new vehicles since 1996. The program will eliminate tailpipe testing and instead use the vehicle’s own emissions monitoring systems. This system has saved consumers in 22 states time and money.
Smog check process.
The Department of Motor Vehicles (DMV) sends a registration renewal notice which indicates if a smog check is required. If the DMV requires a smog check for a vehicle, the owner must comply with the notice within 90 days and provide a completed smog check certificate. Until a smog certificate can be provided registration will not be renewed. If the vehicle fails the smog check, the owner will be required to complete all necessary repairs and pass a smog check retest in order to complete the registration. If the costs of repairing the vehicle outweigh its value, the state may buy it and have it scrapped. The buyback program is part of California’s Consumer Assistance Program (CAP) that also offers consumer assistance for repairs related to smog check. The program is administered by the Bureau of Automotive Repair.
Policy Tools.
Air is susceptible to the Tragedy of the Commons, but that can be overcome with policy tools. In their book "Environmental Law and Policy", Salzman and Thompson describe these policy tools as the "5 P’s" - Prescriptive Regulation, Property Rights, Penalties, Payments, and Persuasion.
Throughout the years there have been some tensions between the US EPA and the California EPA with disagreements centered on California’s Smog Check Policy (The Press-Enterprise, 1997). One disagreement has been over where smog checks are performed. The EPA believes that smog checks and smog repairs must be done separately, to avoid conflicts of interest.
For years, California has been asking the US EPA to approve a waiver allowing it to enforce its own greenhouse gas emission standards for new motor vehicles. A request was made in December 2005, but denied in March 2008 under the Bush administration, when interpretations of the Clean Air Act found California did not have the need for special emission standards. However, shortly after taking office, president Obama asked the EPA to assess if it was appropriate to deny the waiver and subsequently allowed the waiver. US EPA’s interpretation of the Clean Air Act allows California to have its own vehicle emissions program and set greenhouse gas standards due to the state’s unique need.
Car manufacturers have been strongly opposed to the emission standards set by California, arguing that regulation imposes further costs on consumers. In 2004, California approved the world’s most stringent standards to reduce auto emissions, and the auto industry threatened to challenge the regulations in court. The new regulations required car makers to cut exhaust from cars and light trucks by 25% and from larger trucks and SUVs by 18%, standards that must be met by 2016. The auto industry argued that California’s Air Resource Board did not have the authority to adopt such regulation and that the new standards could not be met with the current technology. They further argued that it would raise vehicle costs by as much as $3,000. The agency, however, countered that argument by saying that the additional costs would only be about $1,000 by 2016.
The Obama administration has proposed setting a national standard for greenhouse gas emissions from vehicles, which could potentially increase fuel efficiency by an average of 5% per year from 2012 to 2016.
Evaluation.
According to the California Air Resources Board, the California Smog Check program removes about 400 tons of smog-forming pollutants from California’s air every day.
On March 12, 2009, the Bureau of Automotive Repair and the Air Resource Board hired Sierra Research, Inc. to analyze the data collected in the BAR’s Roadside Inspection Program to evaluate the effectiveness of the Smog Check Program from data collected in 2003-2006. Under the Roadside Inspection Program vehicles are randomly inspected at checkpoints set up by the California Highway Patrol (CHP). One objective of the evaluation was to compare the post smog check performance of pre-1996 (1974–1995) vehicles to the post smog check performance determined from a previous evaluation collected in 2000-2002.
The report made several recommendations to reduce the number of vehicles failing the Roadside test. One was to develop a method for evaluating station performance. The other was to perform inspections immediately following certifications at smog check stations. Finally, the report recommended continued use of the Roadside test to evaluate the effectiveness of the Smog Check program.

</doc>
<doc id="31116699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31116699" title="Kaya (Canadian singer)">
Kaya (Canadian singer)

Francis Martin Lavergne better known as Kaya (born in Montreal, Quebec, Canada on 28 August 1968) is a Canadian singer.
He returned to singing and recording in 1984 but his two albums met with little success. Between 1985-1987 he studied classical music at the Vincent-D'Indy school of music in Outremont, while continuing with studio work and beginning to write songs himself.
CBS Records signed him in 1988, the same year that he signed a writing contract with ATV Music Publishing and signed with Daniel Lachance to be his manager.
Martin then recorded his third album in French, entitled "Drôle de Nuit", in New York. He scored his first radio hit with "Elle ne c plus". This song reached the top of the radio chart. Two of the album's songs reach Number 1 in the charts of French-speaking Canadian radio stations.
He changed manager again in 1990, signing with Ben Kaye. He went on to record his fourth album, "Quand on se donne", this time on the Sony Music label. Four songs from this were hits in French-speaking Canada and the album was certified gold.

</doc>
<doc id="31116712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31116712" title="Sarah Armstrong Mystery series">
Sarah Armstrong Mystery series

The Sarah Armstrong Mystery series is a fictional series created by true crime author-turned-novelist Kathryn Casey, first published by St. Martin's Minotaur in 2008. "Booklist" magazine named the first novel, "Singularity", one of the top ten Best Crime Novel Debuts of 2009.
Overview.
The series narrates Texas Ranger Sarah Armstrong, a criminal profiler, as she solves murders. The first book, "Singularity", follows Lieutenant Armstrong as she solves the bizarre double murder of a millionaire businessman and his mistress. Killed in a swank Galveston beach house, the pair are discovered in a grotesque intimate pose. Complicating matters is that Armstrong is newly widowed, and neither she nor her daughter handle the loss well. As Armstrong closes in on her suspect, he turns the tables on her and makes her family his new targets.
In 2010, "Library Journal" picked the third book in the series, "The Killing Storm", as Best Books 2010 in the mystery fiction genre, calling it, "Riveting suspense and nifty plot twists in an outstanding series."
Critical reception.
"Singularity" was included on "Vanity Fair's" "Hot Type" page in its August 2008 issue.
The "Houston Press", in a feature about the series and the author, wrote, "After writing half a dozen true-crime books, Houstonian Kathryn Casey decided to step into fiction with "Singularity"." P.G. Koch with the "Houston Chronicle" wrote that "Casey deftly switches between investigations, working in Sarah's personal life as well as the interesting minutia involved in following tenuous leads." The "Tampa Tribune", in its feature, wrote, "Not since Patricia Cornwell's "Postmortem" has a crime author crafted such a stellar series debut."
"Publishers Weekly", in a review, called Casey's first attempt at mystery writing, with "Singularity", "the riveting fiction debut from true-crime journalist Casey."
Midwest Book Review wrote that "Blood Lines", the second in the series, was "a fine combination of who done it and who is doing it." Also, "Deadly Pleasures" magazine named "Singularity" "Best First Novel of 2008."
Two of the books in the series were chosen as Mystery Guild and Doubleday Book Club selections.

</doc>
<doc id="31116731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31116731" title="Rodney Clarke (figure skater)">
Rodney Clarke (figure skater)

Rodney Clarke was an Australian ice dancer. He was a four times Senior Australian Ice Dance champion at the Australian Figure Skating Championships.
With partner Monica MacDonald (figure skater), Clarke won a junior national title and four consecutive senior national titles, beginning in 1984. The duo competed at the 1988 Winter Olympic Games, finishing in last place out of twenty couples. 

</doc>
<doc id="31116759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31116759" title="Rose Tattoo (Tiffany album)">
Rose Tattoo (Tiffany album)

Rose Tattoo is a 2011 album by Tiffany, her eighth regular studio album. It represents a return to country music, a genre Tiffany actually began with before her success as a teen pop star in the 1980s. The singer has described the sound of this new album as “Bonnie Raitt with a Stevie Ray Vaughan vibe.” The album's release was celebrated with a release party in Nashville, Tennessee on February 25, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31116760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31116760" title="L Army Corps (Germany)">
L Army Corps (Germany)

German L. Corps (L. Armeekorps) was a corps in the German Army during World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="31116777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31116777" title="John Garza">
John Garza

John Vincent Garza, (born March 13, 1955 in Herlong, California) is a Republican former one-term member of the Texas House of Representatives from District 117 in Bexar County, Texas. Garza has been employed in housing development and sales for most of his working career. Garza was named "Freshman Legislator of the Year" by the Hispanic Republican Conference for the 82nd Legislature.
Background.
Garza was born into the military family of retired United States Air Force Staff Sergeant Arthur and Maria D. Garza and traveled extensively in his early years. The family returned to their Westside San Antonio home in 1967. 
Garza graduated in 1973 from John F. Kennedy High School in the Edgewood Independent School District of Bexar County. He attended the University of Denver in Denver, Colorado, from which he received his bachelor's degree in Mass Communication in 1977. He married Debra A. Garza in 1980 and has raised five children John Zachariah, Jacqueline, Isaiah, Rebekah and Hannah. 
Garza has had a lengthy career in housing and real estate; he has held several executive positions in his business and sales career which dates back to the 1980s.
District 117.
Garza's District 117 is among the most rapidly growing parts of Bexar County. It encompasses the far west and southwest portions of Bexar County, including the cities of San Antonio, Helotes, Von Ormy, Lytle, and the unincorporated community of Macdona. It also includes Lackland Air Force Base, University of Texas at San Antonio, Texas A&M University–San Antonio and Palo Alto College.
Garza was defeated in the 2012 general election after only one term in office by the Democrat Philip Cortez. Garza subsequentloy failed in a comeback attempt in the March 4, 2014 Republican primary for House District 117. He lost the nomination to Rick Galindo, who received 2,372 votes (64.6 percent) to Garza's 1,300 votes (35.4 percent). Galindo now faces Cortez in the November 4 general election.
82nd Texas Legislature.
Garza was one of forty freshmen legislators in the 82nd Texas Legislature. He was one of six Hispanic Republicans serving in the House from 2011 to 2013 and was a founding member of the House Hispanic Republican Conference. 
Garza served on the House Business and Industry Committee and House Land and Resource Management Committee.
Garza in his one term in office authored or co-authored over thirty five bills dealing primarily with property tax reform, rural and suburban water rights, election integrity, greater accountability in government, and home owner association reform.
Garza was named "Freshman Legislator of the Year" by the Hispanic Republican Conference on May 26, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31116793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31116793" title="Maria la del Barrio (Philippine TV series)">
Maria la del Barrio (Philippine TV series)

Maria La Del Barrio (lit. "Maria of the Neighborhood") is a Philippine remake of the Mexican drama "María la del Barrio" airing on ABS-CBN and worldwide on TFC from August 15, 2011 to March 2, 2012 replacing "Mula Sa Puso". It stars Erich Gonzales and Enchong Dee.
Synopsis.
Maria Hernandez is a charcoal maker who dreams of making furniture in her own shop, much like her mother Sandra, who died years ago in a fire leaving Maria orphaned. Maria grows up with Sandra’s best friend Casilda in barrio Munting Ilog. When Casilda falls ill, Maria is forced to seek help from Father Honorio for added work. This leads her to meet Fernando Dela Vega, the owner of Amore Design, one of the country’s top furniture companies. Fernando takes Maria to work for his family as a maid.
Unknown yet to Maria, Fernando was the former love of her mother Sandra. And that Fernando’s wife Victoria, is Sandra’s former friend and partner. Sandra & Victoria founded Amore designs, but Victoria double-crossed Sandra taking both her boyfriend and ownership of Amore. But before the fire, Sandra had bequeathed her shares to Maria, making Maria owner of 50% of Amore Designs.
Working for the Dela Vegas leads Maria to meet, for the second time, Luis Dela Vega, the eldest of the Dela Vega children among those children are Vanessa and Vladimir. Maria had met and admired Luis before, seeing his work in Viscera, a small furniture shop. But Luis pays to her no mind. Worse, Luis, having had problems with his father Fernando, begins to suspect Maria to be Fernando’s mistress. This through the suspicions of Soraya, his friend who is secretly in love with him. Luis makes Maria fall in love with him, with the intention of hurting Maria and making her leave.
Furthermore, he falls in love with Maria. And Maria, despite the pain, cannot help herself from loving Luis. But their love is put to the test by several trials. Such as, Soraya's attempt to break Luis apart from Maria, Sandra's comeback to ruin Victoria's life, lies that caused Maria's insanity which leads her into her wealthy transformation, and Sabrina who will do her best for her to keep Maria's daughter, Andrea. But an unfortunate disease will finally cause Soraya's life. Could this be Soraya's time to pay her sins to Maria?
Production.
Production started February 2011. The series was initially part of ABS-CBN's line-up of afternoon dramas, "Kapamilya Gold", together with other television series, "Nasaan Ka Elisa?", "Mula Sa Puso", and "Hiyas". However, teasers were released in July 2011, which stated that the show was to air on primetime. The series premiered on August 15, 2011, on Primetime Bida
Adaptation.
"María la del Barrio", originally aired on Televisa in 1995. It was the third telenovela in the trilogy of "Maria", that starred Thalia. The show first aired in the Philippines through the RPN in 1996, dubbed in Filipino. After GMA Network's successful adaptations of Thalia's "Marimar" and "Rosalinda", ABS-CBN decided to remake "María la del Barrio".
Postponement, Reshoots and Recasts.
There were speculations that the production had to reshoot several scenes because the network was not convinced with the outcome of the already-shot episodes. In addition, several characters were recast, including a lengthy casting process for the role of Vladimir de la Vega. Inno Martin was originally cast to play the role of Vladimir, but after several failed recastings, the role eventually ended up being played by Arron Villaflor. The role was first offered to Enrique Gil. However, Gil had to decline due to conflicting working schedules. Inno Martin's scenes as Vladimir prior to his replacement appeared in the show's first set of promos. When the show started production for the soon-to-be reshot episodes covering the first few months of the show, Martin was sacked with AJ Perez tapped to take-over the now-vacant role . But after Perez' untimely passing, Villaflor was brought in to take over the role of Vladimir. It finally premiered on August 15, 2011.
Reception.
Ratings.
After the winning 26.0% finale rating of previous timeslot occupant "Mula Sa Puso", "Maria La Del Barrio" maintained the network's hold on the 6pm slot. The series debuted in fifth place with a 22.5% rating. The series aired its last episode on March 2 and earned fifth place in the ratings, garnering 20% of viewers. 
Critical reception.
On a review done by the Philippine Entertainment Portal, they quoted that "Erich looks tailor-made for the role; with her natural ability to summon naïve, childlike qualities with relative ease." They also stated that the scenes between the two lead actors provided the "'kilig' factor commonly sought by local viewers." The review concluded, "Erich has a wonderful opportunity to embrace the character as her own without having to live in the shadow of her famous Mexican predecessor."

</doc>
<doc id="31116815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31116815" title="List of multi language video games">
List of multi language video games

This is a selected list of multi-language video games. Multi-language video games are games which presents more than one language options. Such games can be enjoyable language learning tools. It also allows players unfamiliar with certain languages to understand the game.

</doc>
<doc id="31116864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31116864" title="Verco">
Verco

Verco may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31116877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31116877" title="BSG Berliner Verkehrsbetriebe">
BSG Berliner Verkehrsbetriebe

BSG Berliner Verkehrsbetriebe is a sports club from the city of Berlin, Germany that is best known for its handball department. The club also fields an association football club. It was formed following World War II in June 1949 in the Soviet-occupied eastern half of the country. The rise of Cold War tensions and the establishment of East Germany was quickly followed by the formation of separate sporting competitions including the Deutscher Fußball-Verband der DDR (en: East German Football Association).
The club originally played as "BSG der BVG Berlin" and was created as the sports club of the Berliner Verkehrs Aktiengesellschaft (BVG, en: Berlin Transport Corporation) which managed the city's public transportation services. In 1951, it was renamed "BSG Lok Lichtenberg" before being joined by "BSG Einheit Pankow" in September 1954 and talking up that club's place in domestic competition.
By 1958, "Lichtenberg" had advanced to the second tier 2. Liga DDR. In September of that season the team took the name "BSG Berliner Verkehrsbetriebe" and ended their campaign in 9th place. The following year they finished in 14th place and were relegated. Between 1955-59, the club made several appearances in the opening rounds of the FDGB-Pokal (East German Cup), but were always eliminated in the early going.

</doc>
<doc id="31116890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31116890" title="BCZ">
BCZ

BCZ may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31116908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31116908" title="Fig4">
Fig4

Polyphosphoinositide phosphatase also known as phosphatidylinositol 3,5-bisphosphate 5-phosphatase or SAC domain-containing protein 3 (Sac3) is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the "FIG4" gene. Fig4 is an abbreviation for Factor-Induced Gene.
Function.
Sac3 protein belongs to a family of human phosphoinositide phosphatases that contain a Sac1-homology domain. The Sac1 phosphatase domain encompasses approximately 400 amino acids and consists of seven conserved motifs, which harbor the signature CX5R(T/S) catalytic sequence also found in other lipid and protein tyrosine phosphatases. The founding protein, containing this evolutionarily-conserved domain, has been the first gene product isolated in a screen for Suppressors of yeast ACtin mutations and therefore named Sac1. There are 5 human genes containing a Sac1 domain. Three of these genes (gene symbols SACM1L,INPP5F and FIG4), harbor a single Sac1 domain. In the other two genes, synaptojanin 1 and 2, the Sac1 domain coexists with another phosphoinositide phosphatase domain, with both domains supporting phosphate hydrolysis. The human Sac3 cDNA that predicts a 907 aminoacid protein and gene localization to chromosome 6 has been reported in 1996.
Sac3 is characterized as a widespread 97-kDa protein that displays in vitro phosphatase activity towards a range of 5’-phosphorylated phosphoinositides. Sac3 forms a hetero-oligomer with ArPIKfyve (gene symbol, VAC14) and this binary complex associates with the phosphoinositide kinase PIKFYVE in a ternary PAS complex (from the first letters of PIKfyve-ArPIKfyve-Sac3), which is required to maintain proper endosomal membrane dynamics. This unique physical association of two enzymes with opposing functions leads to activation of the phosphoinositide kinase PIKfyve and increased PtdIns(3,5)P2 production. Sac3 is active in the triple complex and responsible for turning over PtdIns(3,5)P2 to PtdIns3P. The PAS complex function is critical for life, because the knockout of each of the 3 genes encoding the PIKfyve, ArPIKfyve or Sac3 protein causes early embryonic, perinatal, or early juvenile lethality in mice.
Ectopically expressed Sac3 protein has a very short half-life of only ~18 min due to fast degradation in the proteasome. Co-expression of ArPIKfyve markedly prolongs Sac3 half-life, whereas siRNA-mediated ArPIKfyve knockdown profoundly reduces Sac3 levels. The Sac3 cellular levels are critically dependent on Sac3 physical interaction with ArPIKfyve. The C-terminal part of Sac3 is essential for this interaction. Insulin treatment of 3T3L1 adipocytes inhibits the Sac3 phosphatase activity as measured in vitro. Small interfering RNA-mediated knockdown of endogenous Sac3 by ~60%, resulting in a slight but significant elevation of PtdIns(3,5)P2 in 3T3L1 adipocytes, increases GLUT4 translocation and glucose uptake in response to insulin. In contrast, ectopic expression of Sac3, but not that of a phosphatase-deficient point-mutant, decreases GLUT4 plasma membrane abundance in response to insulin. Thus, Sac3 is an insulin-sensitive lipid phosphatase whose down-regulation improves insulin responsiveness.
Medical significance.
Mutations in the FIG4 gene cause the rare autosomal recessive Charcot-Marie-Tooth peripheral neuropathy type 4J (CMT4J). FIG4 mutations are also found (without proven causation) in patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS). Most CMT4J patients (15 out of the reported 16) are compound heterozygotes, i.e., the one FIG4 allele is null whereas the other encodes a mutant protein with threonine for isoleucine substitution at position 41. The Sac3I41T point mutation abrogates the protective action of ArPIKfyve on Sac3 half-life yet the association between the two is largely preserved. Consequently, the Sac3I41T protein level in patient fibroblasts is very low due to mutant degradation in the proteasome. Clinically, the onset and severity of CMT4J symptoms vary markedly, suggesting an important role of genetic background in the individual course of disease. In two siblings, with severe peripheral motor deficits and moderate sensory symptoms, the disease had relatively little impact on the central nervous system. How the initial molecular defect, affecting all cells of the body, results in selective peripheral neuropathy is unknown.
Mouse models.
Spontaneous FIG4 knockout leads to mutant mice with smaller size, selectively reduced PtdIns(3,5)P2 levels in isolated fibroblasts, diluted pigmentation, central and peripheral neurodegeneration, hydrocephalus, abnormal tremor and gait, and eventually juvenile lethality, hence the name pale tremor mouse (plt). Neuronal autophagy has been suggested as an important consequence of the knockout, however, its primary relevance is disputed. Interestingly, the plt mice show distinct morphological defects in motor and central neurons on the one hand, and sensory neurons - on the other. Transgenic mice with one spontaneously null allele and another encoding several copies of mouse Sac3I41T mutant (i.e., the genotypic equivalent of human CMT4J), are dose-dependently rescued from the lethality, neurodegeneration, and brain apoptosis observed in the plt mice. However, the hydrocephalus and diluted pigmentation seen in plt mice are not corrected.
Evolutionary biology.
Genes encoding orthologs of human Sac3 are found in all eukaryotes. The most studied is the S. cerevisae gene, discovered in a screen for yeast pheromone (Factor)-Induced Genes, hence the name Fig, with the number 4 reflecting the serendipity of isolation. Yeast Fig4p is a specific PtdIns(3,5)P2 5’-phosphatase, which physically interacts with Vac14p (the ortholog of human ArPIKfyve), and the PtdIns(3,5)P2-producing enzyme Fab1p (the ortholog of PIKfyve). The yeast Fab1p-Vac14p-Fig4p complex also involves Vac7p and potentially Atg18p. Deletion of Fig4p in budding yeast has relatively little effect on growth, basal PtdIns(3,5)P2 levels and the vacuolar size in comparison with the deletions of Vac14p or Fab1p. In brief, in evolution Sac3/Fig4 retained the Sac1 domain, phosphoinositide phosphatase activity, and the protein interactions from yeast. In mice, the protein is essential in early postnatal development. In humans, its I41T point mutation in combination with a null allele causes a neurodegenerative disorder.

</doc>
<doc id="31116961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31116961" title="Lee Kyung-ryul">
Lee Kyung-ryul

Lee Kyung-Ryul (Hangul: 이경렬; born 16 January 1988) is a South Korean footballer who plays as defender for K League Classic side Busan IPark.

</doc>
<doc id="31116973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31116973" title="Lee Hea-kang">
Lee Hea-kang

Lee Hea-Kang (Hangul: 이혜강; born 28 March 1987) is a South Korean footballer who plays as defender.

</doc>
<doc id="31117023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31117023" title="Domasi">
Domasi

Domasi is a community in Malawi to the northeast of Zomba.
It is the location of the Domasi College of Education.
The Shallow Well Project funded by the First Presbyterian Church of Urbana in Urbana, Illinois, United States is providing safe drinking water for the villages around Domasi. As of 2004, the project had installed 68 wells, serving about 36,000 people. 

</doc>
<doc id="31117056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31117056" title="Charlie Earp Bridge">
Charlie Earp Bridge

The Charlie Earp Bridge is a road bridge over the Airport Drive in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.
The bridge constructed over the main access road to the Brisbane Airport is less than from the Gateway Motorway and the Airport Flyover. It provides access to the Airport Village and the shopping centre with its anchor tenant Direct Factory Outlets.

</doc>
<doc id="31117060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31117060" title="Brad Sinopoli">
Brad Sinopoli

Bradley Sinopoli (born April 14, 1988 in Peterborough, Ontario) is a Canadian football quarterback who is currently playing for the Calgary Stampeders of the Canadian Football League as a wide receiver and plays as the fourth-string Quarterback. He played CIS football for the Ottawa Gee-Gees. In 2010, Sinopoli became the fourth Gee-Gee player to win the Hec Crighton Trophy after passing for a school record and CIS leading 2,756 passing yards and 22 touchdowns in eight games. Because of his strong season, he was one of only two quarterbacks invited to the CFL Evaluation Camp for players eligible in the 2011 CFL Draft.
Early life.
Sinopoli played his high school football at Crestwood Secondary School for the Mustangs in his hometown of Peterborough, Ontario. He was also a former AAA hockey player for the Peterborough Minor Petes of the OMHA's Eastern AAA League. Annually, Sinopoli plays at St. Joseph Highschool in Ottawa for a charity basketball game featuring the Ottawa Gee Gee's football team versus the St. Joseph basketball team to raise money for the St. Joseph basketball team.
Professional career.
Calgary Stampeders.
Sinopoli was drafted 29th overall in the fourth round of the 2011 CFL Draft by the Calgary Stampeders. He was later signed to a contract with the Stampeders on May 20, 2011. He dressed in all 18 regular season games for the 2011 season as the third string quarterback as well as dressing in the West Semi-Final. Sinopoli served as the team's holder for placekicks in all of their games as well. Prior to the start of the 2012 regular season, Sinopoli was released by the Stampeders. Following an injury to Calgary's starting quarterback Drew Tate, Sinopoli was re-signed by the Stampeders on July 9, 2012. Thereafter, Sinopoli dressed for ten games as the third-string quarterback before Tate went back on the active roster. Following another injury to Tate, Sinopoli dressed in the West Final and 100th Grey Cup. Due to the entrenched quarterbacks on the depth chart, Sinopoli was moved to wide receiver for the 2013 CFL season, recording his first career reception against the Montreal Alouettes.

</doc>
<doc id="31117070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31117070" title="Beardmore Halford Pullinger">
Beardmore Halford Pullinger

Beardmore-Halford-Pullinger (BHP) were aircraft engines used in production between 1916 and 1918. The engines were used on many notable First World War aircraft, such as the Airco DH.4, DH.9, DH.10, de Havilland DH.15 and Avro 529 aircraft.
The engines were used as the basis for later designs such as the Siddeley Puma and A.D.C Nimbus (1926).
Formation.
The name is derived from the three elements of:
Engines.
The 230 hp was a six cylinder petrol aero engine. A new company, the Galloway Engineering Co. Ltd. was started in Dumfries to continue development and production of the 230 hp engine. Endurance tests began in June 1916 in a DH.4 modified by Geoffrey de Havilland and tested by the Central Flying School.
Production was ordered and the contract given to Siddeley-Deasy for units to be built at their Parkside works. John Siddeley himself worked on the engine and would later, after additions to the watercooling system, release an improved 240 hp version as the Siddeley Puma.
Motor Co. Ltd. Coventry, Siddeley-Deasy and the Arrol Johnston factory were eventually called upon to assist production as Galloway Engineering could not produce enough units per week, after which they were left with just making the steel engine blocks.

</doc>
<doc id="31117097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31117097" title="Dedication (Mal Waldron album)">
Dedication (Mal Waldron album)

Dedication is an album by American jazz pianist Mal Waldron and bassist David Friesen recorded in 1985 and released by the Italian Soul Note label.
Reception.
The Allmusic review awarded the album 3 stars. 

</doc>
<doc id="31117122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31117122" title="Planetary Science Decadal Survey">
Planetary Science Decadal Survey

The Planetary Science Decadal Survey is a publication of the United States National Research Council produced for NASA and other United States Government Agencies such as the National Science Foundation. The document identifies key questions facing planetary science and outlines plans for space and ground based exploration ten years into the future. Missions to gather data to answer these big questions are described and prioritized, where appropriate.
2013-2022, Visions and Voyages for Planetary Science.
"Visions and Voyages for Planetary Science in the Decade 2013 - 2022 (2011)" was published on March 7, 2011. Draft versions of the document were presented at town hall meetings around the country, lunar and planetary conferences and made available publicly on the NASA website and via the National Academies Press. The report differed from previous reports in that it included "brutally honest" budgetary review from a 3rd party contractor.
The report highlighted a new Mars rover, a mission to Jupiter's moon Europa, and a mission to Uranus and its moons as proposed Flagship Missions. The Mars mission was given highest priority, followed by the Europa mission. The Mars rover proposal was called MAX-C and it would store samples for eventual return to Earth, but the method of return was left open. It only recommended the rover mission if it could be done cheaply enough (2.5 billion USD).
The committee producing the survey was led by Steve Squyres of Cornell University and included 5 panels focusing on the inner planets (Mercury, Venus, and the Moon), Mars (not including Phobos and Deimos), the gas giant planets, satellites (Galilean satellites, Titan, and other satellites of the giant planets) and primitive bodies (Asteroids, comets, Phobos, Deimos, Pluto/Charon and other Kuiper belt objects, meteorites, and interplanetary dust). 
Mission & Technology Studies:
The recommendation for the New Frontiers program was a selection from one of Comet Surface Sample Return, Lunar South Pole-Aitken Basin Sample Return, Saturn Probe, Trojan Tour and Rendezvous, and Venus In Situ Explorer. (for NF 4 and 5) In the 2011 response from NASA to the review, NASA supported the New Frontiers recommendations. (See also New Horizons, Juno, and OSIRIS-REx)
For the astrophysics review see Astronomy and Astrophysics Decadal Survey
2003-2013, New Frontiers in the Solar System.
"New Frontiers in the Solar System: An Integrated Exploration Strategy 2003-2013" was published in 2003. The committee producing the survey was led by Michael J. Belton. The 5 panels focused on the inner planets, Mars, the Giant planets, Large satellites and Astrobiology. The survey placed heavy emphasis on Mars exploration including the Mars Exploration Rovers, established of the New Frontiers program including New Horizons mission to study Pluto and established programs in power and propulsion to lay a technological basis for programs in later decades including manned missions beyond Earth orbit.
1995 to 2015, Space Science in the Twenty-First Century, Imperatives for the Decades.
While not titled as a decadal survey, a planetary science plan covering 1995-2015 was published by the Space Studies Board. The report recommended a focus on "Galileo-like missions to study Saturn, Uranus and Neptune" including a mission to rendezvous with Saturn's rings and study of Titan. It also recommended study of the moon with a "Lunar Geoscience Orbiter", a network of lunar rovers and sample return from the lunar surface. The report recommended a Mercury Orbiter to study not only that planet but provide some solar study as well. A "Program of Extensive Study of Mars" beginning with Mars Pathfinder mission was planned for 1995 to be followed up by one in 1998 to return samples to Earth for study. Study of primitive bodies such a comet or asteroid was recommended as a flyby mission of Apollo and Amor asteroid.
1977-1987, Strategy for Exploration of the Inner Planets.
While not a decadal survey, the "1975 Report of Space Science" included the exploration of the Outer planets. 
1968-1975, Planetary Exploration.
Published in the summer of 1968, it reviewed past and present understanding of the Solar system and recommended several new missions. The following targets were given priority:
1965, Wood's Hole Study.
In the summer of 1965 the Space Science Board reviewed lunar and planetary science opportunities. Space exploration, astronomy, and the humans in space were major topics.

</doc>
<doc id="31117125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31117125" title="Stephen Vail">
Stephen Vail

Stephen Vail (1780–1864) was a founding partner of the Baldwin Locomotive Works in Philadelphia and the creator of the Speedwell Ironworks in Morristown, New Jersey.
Biography.
He was born in 1780. He married Bethiah Youngs 1801 and they had four children: Harriet Vail (1802–1828), Alfred Vail (1807–1859), George Vail (1809–1875), and Sarah Louise Davis Vail (1811–1887). His second wife was Mary Carter Hedges whom he married in 1848. His third wife was Phoebe Ann Miller whom he married in 1862. He died in 1864. He also founded the city of Middletown, Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="31117128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31117128" title="Encephalartos ituriensis">
Encephalartos ituriensis

Encephalartos ituriensis (common name "Ituri forest cycad") is a palm-like cycad of the family Zamiaceae. It is native to the grassland on two large granite monadnocks of the Ituri forest area in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Its IUCN conservation status is "Near Threatened." 
Description.
This cycad grows to 6 metres tall with a trunk diameter of 50 cm. It has glossy dark green leaves. The leaflets are curved and tapering, with a spine at the top and several teeth along the margin. 
Like other cycads, "E. ituriensis" is dioecious, with both male and female trees. Male trees have 1–4 pollen cones, narrowly ovoid. Female trees have 1 or 2 seed cones, which are ovoid and 18–20 cm long. The seeds have a red sarcotesta.

</doc>
<doc id="31117139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31117139" title="Asphalt (series)">
Asphalt (series)

Asphalt is a series of racing video games developed and published by Gameloft. The first game in the series is "Asphalt Urban GT". ' marks the first game in the series to be released for the iOS system. ' marks the first game in the series to be released for the Mac OS X operating system. marks the first game in the series to be released on the Windows Store, including computers running Windows 8.
Games.
These are the list of games in this series:

</doc>
<doc id="31117152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31117152" title="So Much Pretty">
So Much Pretty

So Much Pretty is the debut novel of Cara Hoffman, published by Simon and Schuster and released on March 15, 2011.
Plot.
"So Much Pretty" is about a young woman, Wendy White, who goes missing from her small town and is found murdered several months later. The novel then focuses on the investigation into her life, disappearance, and death by reporter Stacey Flynn.
Reviews.
Publishers Weekly gave the novel a starred review, calling it a "remarkable debut". Booklist compared it to a mixture of "The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo" and "The Lovely Bones", and said Hoffman was a "talented new writer". The LA Times said it was a "skillful, psychologically acute tale", concluding that "... the payoff is more than worth the slow-building suspense".

</doc>
<doc id="31117162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31117162" title="Conservación Patagónica">
Conservación Patagónica

Conservación Patagónica is a conservation group whose mission is "to create national parks in Patagonia that save and restore wildlands and wildlife, inspire care for the natural world, and generate healthy economic opportunities for local communities." Founded in 2000 by Kristine Tompkins, former CEO of Patagonia, Inc, Conservación Patagónica first focused on the creation of Monte León National Park in Argentina, the country's first coastal national park. The group played the central role in securing the funds for the purchase of Estancia Monte Leon and in creating long-term management plans for the new national park.
Creating Patagonia National Park.
In 2004, Conservación Patagónica (CP) launched its second project, the creation of Patagonia National Park in Chile's Aysen Region. The group purchased Estancia Valle Chacabuco, a 178,000 acre sheep ranch in the Chacabuco Valley, which lies between two existing Chilean National Reserves, Jeinimeni and Tamango. The conservation plan calls for the donation of CP's privately acquired land to the Chilean parks administration, which, in combination with Jeinimeni and Tamango National Reserves, will form one new national park of 650,000 acres. As of 2011, the park is well over halfway complete.
The Patagonia National Park Project consists of four major program areas: buying land, restoring biodiversity, building public access, and engaging communities.
Buying Land.
The bulk of the land acquisition for the Patagonia National Park project occurred in 2004 with the purchase of the 173,000-acre Estancia Valle Chacabuco, formerly one of Chile’s largest sheep ranches, and a long-time conservation priority for the Chilean parks service due to its unique array of native ecosystems. Since 2004, the organization has been purchasing smaller holdings from willing sellers in the Chacabuco Valley, with the goal of creating a continuous reserve to meet the edges of the nearbyJeinimeni and Tamango National Reserves.
Restoring Biodiversity.
The Chacabuco Valley, heart of the future Patagonia National Park, was for generations a vast sheep and cattle ranch, with almost 25,000 animals being raised on the land in a single year. The native grasslands were degraded by years of intense livestock grazing, leading to patchy desertification of the soils, and to the decline of wildlife populations that are native to the grasslands. Since purchasing the Estancia n 2004, CP has been working to remove fencing and reseed former pastures with native grasses, opening up the land to the return of native species such as the guanaco, and the endangered huemul deer. Recovery of the huemul is a top priority for the organization, which is conducting projects to monitor and protect the park’s population of 100-200 animals, one of the largest known surviving populations on earth.
Patagonia has suffered its share of ecological abuse: intensive sheep ranching on sandy, arid soils has resulted in widespread desertification. In the transition from sheep ranch to national park, Conservación Patagónica aims to reverse these damages, restore productive habitat, and create a model of ecosystem restoration for Patagonia. The grasslands recovery program, launched in 2004, began with removing almost all livestock. Conservación Patagónica’s volunteer program performs the bulk of the work of ecosystem restoration. As of 2011, they have removed over half of the 400 miles of habitat-fragmenting ranch fencing. Volunteers also collect seeds from native coiron grasses, which professional ecosystem restoration workers use to reseed heavily damaged areas.
Conservación Patagónica’s large-scale ecosystem restoration work serves as the foundation for targeted species-specific programs, such as the effort to monitor and protect the endangered and emblematic huemul deer. As wildness returns to this vast area, the populations of keystone species are finding a new equilibrium. With livestock gone, grasslands are producing more and better quality food for a range of herbivores, which have access to prime habitat and can roam freely without fences. Wildlife recovery programs take this ecosystem-level transition as the jumping-off point for initiatives to protect keystone species. The huemul deer represents the top priority for the Patagonia National Park project: habitat loss, disease transmitted from livestock, hunting, and predation by domestic dogs have diminished its population to 1,500 individuals left on Earth. Tracking pumas with GPS collars uncovers new information about their predation patterns, home ranges, and movements—critical data given their proximity to the huemul deer population. Simultaneously, Conservación Patagónica is developing strategies, such as livestock guardian dogs, to mitigate predator-livestock conflicts.
Building Public Access.
One of CP’s major focuses at the Patagonia National Park project is constructing durable, accessible public access infrastructure in order to provide visitors with a comfortable, engaging experience at the park. They are building a park headquarters to include overnight accommodations, a restaurant, and a museum and visitor center. They are also constructing trails and campgrounds to allow visitors to access the wilderness areas of the park, and to reach the neighboring reserves.[http://www.conservacionpatagonica.org/buildingthepark_publicaccess.htm]
Through providing recreational opportunities, the park will bolster eco-tourism in the region, supporting local businesses and communities while inspiring a deeper respect for nature in park visitors. The network of trails and campgrounds under construction will provide access to different areas and ecosystems within the future park and will connect to existing trails in the adjacent National Reserves. Trails and hiking circuits maximize visitor engagement with the landscape while minimizing ecological impacts. In 2010, construction began of three trail systems and two campgrounds. The goal is to prepare the park for a pre-opening to the general public in late 2011.
The park headquarters—the central area where visitors come to eat, sleep, gather, and learn, where employees live and train, and where the surrounding community gathers—represent the heart of the future Patagonia National Park. Architecture serves as a tool for social change: the aesthetic quality of park infrastructure conveys the cultural value of nature. Historic Patagonian buildings provide with a vernacular architectural vocabulary tied to the region’s history. These durable, solid, well-insulated buildings will require minimal upkeep and uses local materials whenever possible: stone quarried on site and recycled wood. In addition, an innovative renewable energy system, composed of solar, wind, and mini-hydro generation facilities, will make the park the world’s first energy-independent park and minimize its carbon footprint.
Engaging Communities.
From the start of the project, CP has been developing collaborations with neighboring communities in order expand local visits to the park, to include area residents in employment opportunities, and to facilitate the development of a successful eco-tourism economy to the region as the park grows. Through engaging children and other members of the local community, the park will inspire awareness and dedication to conservation. Conservación Patagónica has offered jobs to all former gauchos and developed programs to retrain them as park rangers and conservation workers. A school outreach program brings local children into the park to learn about endangered species such as the huemul deer, and the potential community benefits of conservation. Conservación Patagónica host the annual Huemul Festival and hike, in which our neighbors hike through the Tamango Reserve into Valle Chacabuco. Huemul scholarships have allowed more than fifty students to continue their studies.[http://www.conservacionpatagonica.org/buildingthepark_community.htm]
Conservación Patagónica in the media.
The 2010 film "180 Degrees South" profiled Conservación Patagónica and its work to protect and restore land in Patagonia.
Conservación Patagónica also keeps a press page updated with the archives of press related to the organization.[http://www.conservacionpatagonica.org/aboutus_press.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="31117170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31117170" title="The Phantom of the Card Table">
The Phantom of the Card Table

The Phantom of the Card Table is a manuscript published in 1931 by Eddie McGuire on the card skills and techniques of Walter Irving Scott "aka" 'The Phantom'.
Contents.
The manuscript was a collection of notes, letters and typed up explanations on the secrets of Scott's work from special techniques to cheating devices.
History.
For several years Eddie McGuire, an amateur magician had been in correspondence with some of the top names, notably Cardini in New York. He spoke often of his association with an amazing card cheat, Walter Scott, and his unbelievable skills at the card table.
In New York, on 14 June 1930, McGuire arranged a special presentation to the Inner Circle of the New York magic elite. Scott wowed his audience and became an overnight sensation. However he had no interest in pursuing a life among this community and was only pushed to perform by McGuire.
The manuscript was used by McGuire to fulfil his own ambitions and his search for publicity. He wanted desperately to know the secrets of the highest professionals and used his presence as Scott's intermediary to ingratiate himself. For others, such as Dai Vernon, McGuire was a pest who constantly used his position to condescend and frustrate Vernon's efforts to meet Scott in person.
Scott claimed that McGuire had used him to get to the group in New York. The manuscript was another weapon in McGuire's arsenal and no more than three dozen copies were first published. They were sold for between $50 and $100 in 1931. Scott called it a mistake and "regretted it to this day".
Eventually, despite fervent attempts to maintain his status, the lack of appearances by Scott led McGuire to become redundant and in 1934 disappeared/retired from the magic community for unknown reasons.
The legend of Scott continued to grow however and in 1951 Arthur T. Johnson, a magician from New York, produced an edition of The Phantom of the Card table and handed it out anonymously at a magician's convention so that the material would not be in danger of being forgotten.
Johnson discovered McGuire to still be alive and with his co-operation the manuscript was run as a three-part series in The Linking Ring magazine, beginning with the November 1953 issue. Added was an introduction, a reprint of McGuire's 1932 article 'A Talk to Card Enthusiasts'. Originally printed in 'Seven Circles', a conjuring magazine, it was no more than a puff piece and a thinly veiled attack on Dai Vernon.
The series revitalised interest in Scott but yet again McGuire found himself the subject of ridicule.
In 1976 the publisher Gambler's Book Club reprinted the manuscript at 64 pages. McGuire is credited as the author.

</doc>
<doc id="31117208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31117208" title="Ray Shook">
Ray Shook

Raymond Curtis Shook (November 18, 1889 – September 16, 1970) was a Major League Baseball player. He played for the Chicago White Sox in 1916.

</doc>
<doc id="31117245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31117245" title="2011 Busan I'Park season">
2011 Busan I'Park season

The 2011 season was Busan I'Park's twenty-ninth season in the K-League in South Korea. Busan I'Park competed in K-League, League Cup and Korean FA Cup.
Squad statistics.
Appearances and goals.
Statistics accurate as of match played 20 November 2011

</doc>
<doc id="31117271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31117271" title="Ring of Fire (novel)">
Ring of Fire (novel)

Ring of Fire is the English translation of "L'anello di fuoco", the 2006 Italian fantasy novel for young people written by Pierdomenico Baccalario, with illustrations by Lacopo Bruno. "Ring of Fire" is Book One of the Century Quartet.
The English translation by Leah D. Janeczko was published in New York by Random House, in 2009 (ISBN 9780375858956). It is held in 597 WorldCat libraries. The novel has been also been translated into French, German and Dutch. 
Book Two, "Star of Stone" (ISBN 9780375858963), set in New York City, was published in English in 2010. Book Three, "City of Wind", set in Paris, was released in September 2011. The last installment, Dragon of Seas, is set in Shanghai, China. It will be released in September 2012.
Summary.
At a hotel in Rome, four children, Harvey from New York, Mistral from Paris, Sheng from Shanghai, and Elettra, the hotel owner's daughter, come together, apparently by chance, and realize that they were all born on the same day. They are destined to become involved in a mystery involving a briefcase which contains clues leading to ancient mystical artifacts, a mystery that will bring them all into peril.

</doc>
<doc id="31117281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31117281" title="David Evans (Yale professor)">
David Evans (Yale professor)

David Evans is a professor of geology and geophysics at Yale University. He works on quantitative reconstruction of supercontinents. He is involved in the Snowball Earth theory of Precambrian ice ages by demonstrating that the magnetic latitudes of ancient ice deposits were tropical.
Biography.
Evans was born and raised in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, the second child of a lawyer and a homemaker. He attended Nicolet High School in Milwaukee. He received his undergraduate degree in geology and geophysics from Yale College in 1992. He completed his graduate work at the California Institute of Technology. He is married to Lely Dai Evans, with children Corinne (born 2002) and Jamie (born 2003).
Career.
Using paleomagnetism of rocks from South Africa, Australia, Canada, Brazil, Russia and China, Evans has worked to reassemble the configuration of supercontinents that preceded Pangea. He was a member of drilling projects of the Kaapvaal craton with the Agouron institute for geobiology, and a member of the scientific team to develop a large igneous province global "barcode" record of plume magmatism on Earth. He has also contributed primary data demonstrating that ancient ice ages had continental ice sheets reaching tropical latitudes, which has been incorporated into the Snowball Earth theory of the planet's long term paleoclimate. Evans is involved with the latest efforts at reconstructing the history of supercontinents on Earth through the last three billion years. He is the Director of Undergraduate Studies in the Department of Geology and Geophysics at Yale University; and the current coordinator of field student expeditions to locations including Norway, Queensland, Australia, British Columbia, Canada, New Zealand, and South Africa, as well as undergraduate excursions to Sicily and Barbados. He has spent sabbatical leaves in Taiwan and Australia, where he studied modern and ancient mountain building processes. Evans is a 2002 honoree of the Packard Fellowship in Science and Engineering, and a finalist for the Blavatnik Awards for young scientists.
Interests.
Evans musical interests include Bela Fleck and Victor Wooten, Ludwig van Beethoven, Public Enemy, and Claude Debussy. He is known to colleagues and students as 'Majestic D,' his alter ego who infuses hip hop culture with educational geology themes. He is fluent in German and proficient in Chinese.

</doc>
<doc id="31117288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31117288" title="Dwight Kemper">
Dwight Kemper

Dwight Kemper (born March 5, 1958) is the author of three mystery novels, "Who Framed Boris Karloff?", "Bela Lugosi and the House of Doom", and "The Vampire's Tomb Mystery". The first two are published by Midnight Marquee Press, the third by Helm Publishing. All three books deal with real actors making real films and being involved in fictional mysteries and were each nominated for a Rondo Hatton Classic Horror Award for Book of the Year.
Biography.
An accomplished character actor with over 22 years stage experience including an engagement at Carnegie Hall in New York City as Sergei Diaghilev in Anna Pavlova, a biographical ballet he co-authored, Kemper recently appeared in the independently produced Sideshow Cinema ghost story, "Evan Straw" written and directed by Michael Legge. Legge and the Medway Players performed Kemper's musical comedy, "The Wizard of Oz Murders" in 2010. Kemper appeared six years on stage as Herr Drosselmeyer in "The Nutcracker", as well as Doctor Copellius in "Copellia", and Catallebutte in "Sleeping Beauty". He is also a stage illusionist and member of the International Brotherhood of Magicians. As Murder for Hire’s Producer and host sleuth Detective Chief Inspector Kemper of Scotland Yard, Kemper presents original mystery plays for hotels and bed and breakfasts throughout the United States. Dwight Kemper is also a film critic for Phantom of the Movies' Videoscope Magazine where he applies his "critical chain saw" to really bad movies. Writing and acting talent runs in Kemper's family. His great, great aunt is author Gertrude Stein and his great uncle is character actor Charles Kemper. Kemper illustrated two of his three novels. "House of Doom" he used a simple pen and India ink style similar to early pulps. "The Vampire's Tomb Mystery" uses a gray scale wash with various shades of India Ink pens on Velum paper. Since March of 2012, Kemper has been competing as an amateur powerlifter and is a member of the 100% Raw Powerlifting Federation. He won first place and broke a state squat record at his first meet in Fayetteville, NY on March 24 in his age division of 50 - 54 and was featured on the World of Superheroes Web site for wearing a Superman T-shirt and Captain America hoodie at the event. He took second place at the June 16 event in Sidney, NY with a 308 lb. deadlift. In November 2012 at the 100% RAW Gobbler Open held at the Riverwalk Hotel in Binghamton NY, Kemper won a 1st Place trophy for achieving a 352 lb. deadlift. In February 2013 at Ironworks Gym in Binghamton, NY, won first place in his age category for achieving a 340 lb. deadlift.
Works.
Books
Plays
Video, Film & Television

</doc>
<doc id="31117301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31117301" title="B'nai Jacob">
B'nai Jacob

B'nai Jacob (Hebrew: "Sons of Jacob"), or B'nai Jacob Synagogue or Congregation B'nai Jacob or variations, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31117324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31117324" title="Bald Hills War">
Bald Hills War

Bald Hills War (1858–1864) was a war fought by the forces of the California Militia, California Volunteers and soldiers of the U. S. Army against the Chilula, Lassik, Hupa, Mattole, Nongatl, Sinkyone, Tsnungwe, Wailaki, Whilkut and Wiyot Native American peoples.
The war was fought within the boundaries of the counties of Mendocino, Trinity, Humboldt, Klamath, and Del Norte in Northern California. During the American Civil War, Army reorganization created the Department of the Pacific on 15 January 1861, and on 12 December 1861, the Humboldt Military District, which was formed to organize the effort to pacify the hostile Indians and protect the peaceful ones from the encroachment of the American settlers. The district was headquartered at Fort Humboldt, which is now a California State Historic Park located within the City of Eureka, California. The District's efforts were directed at waging the ongoing Bald Hills War against the Indians in those counties.
Origins of the Conflict.
There were several causes of the Bald Hills War. The most important was the disruptive effect of commercial hunting and grazing on food plants by the herds of the settlers cattle and pigs. Hundreds of deer and elk were killed by parties of hunters for their hides, used for gloves in the gold mines. Acorns and other plant foods they depended on were eaten or destroyed by pigs or cattle. The hunting and gathering economy of the Bald Hills tribes that had previously satisfied their wants was increasingly disrupted following the Klamath and Salmon River War in 1855. Ever increasing numbers of settlers and others traveling through their territory increased this disruption.
From 1856 onward thousands of acres of native lands were preempted for the growing of wheat, oats, barley and potatoes and for grazing of cattle or pigs. These lands were chiefly in the valleys of Eel River, Mad River and Bear River, and around Humboldt Bay. Ranches and farms appeared in the midst of wilderness where only two or three years before there had been no sign of a white man's presence. Also the lumber industry was operating nine steam saw mills, with a combined capacity of 24,000,000 board feet per annum, by 1856. The farmers and stockmen of Humboldt County found an outlet for their crops and realized a high price for all their produce selling them to the miners in Klamath and Trinity Counties. These goods were packed by mule and the stock driven in herds over the Bald Hills trails to the mines. 
For the Whilkut the surge in settlement by cattle and hog raising settlers into their lands in the Bald Hills, and the loss of the game, acorns and other plant foods they depended on, caused a feeling of hatred against them and a desire to drive them from the country. Following the bad winter of 1857, the settlers' interference with the tribes' food supply had become a crisis by 1858. Following a series of small incidents between February and June 1858, hostilities were touched off by the killing of a packer, William E. Ross, June 23, 1858.
"Wintoon War" and the spread of the conflict.
The war began with conflicts between Whilkut native people, (known as "Redwoods" or "Wintoons" to the settlers) and local settlers and travelers on the pack mule trails between Humboldt County and Trinity County in Klamath County on upper Redwood Creek and the Bald Hills. On July 1, 1858, three parties of volunteers were organized for a campaign against the Indians on Redwood Creek and Upper Mad River, in the vicinity of Pardee's Ranch. Following the failure of these local militia parties, in late August 1858, citizens of the Bay towns of Union and Eureka agitated for the regular formation of Volunteer Companies, and raising money to defray their expenses. At public meetings of the citizens of Union and Eureka were held for the purpose of considering and adopting some method of protection to life and property during the continuance of the war with the Whilkut.
On September 5, 1858, Governor John B. Weller informed Adjutant-General William C. Kibbe that citizens of Trinity and Humboldt counties had reported to him that a band of Indians of the Redwood Tribe had recently killed several persons, and committed many outrages upon the road from Weaverville to Humboldt Bay. Communication between these places was almost suspended because traveling on that route had become exceedingly dangerous. They were asking the Governor for a military force to, open the route, and give protection and security to those who desired to travel over it.
The Governor requested Adjutant General Kibbe to proceed to Weaverville and make a detailed report of conditions in that region, to ascertain the number of Indians in the vicinity, and the character of the outrages that were committed by the hostiles. If hostilities still prevented travel on the road, and Whilkut still maintained a hostile attitude toward the people, the General was to organize a company of volunteer militia to suppress them if such acts were continued, as communication between these important towns must remain open, and protection must be given the citizens at all hazards.
William C. Kibbe, appointed Isaac G. Messec as Captain of the newly organized California Militia company, the Trinity Rangers. Messec led that unit in the Klamath & Humboldt Expedition against the Whilkut people during the fall and winter of 1858-1859. Following indecisive fighting, severe winter weather forced an end to the so-called "Wintoon War," and the starving Whilkut were forced to capitulate and were removed to the Mendocino Indian Reservation under the eye of Fort Bragg.
Despite the end of the Wintoon War, the causes of conflict spread the warfare to the Chilula, southward to the Eel River Athapaskan peoples and the Mattole in the Mattole River Valley and Bear River Valley. Additionally the Whilkut gradually returned from the south to their lands. The U. S. Army established Fort Gaston among the Hupa people on the Trinity River and later posts in the Eel River valley to keep the peace in the area. Federal troops were unable to adequately protect the settlers from attacks by native raiders. Settlers dispersed over the countryside were on the losing side of this irregular warfare.
Local militia actions and the Wiyot Massacre.
Following the death of a local rancher who was attempting to recover his cattle, the Hydesville Volunteer Company was formed in mid-1859, but it was never given State approval as a state militia unit or any state funding. It disbanded, when local funding ran out in January 1860. The localities were financially not up to the task of maintaining the militia, and the State did not support them, seeing it as a Federal responsibility. Trying again the settlers in the Eel River country formed the Humboldt Volunteers as a state militia unit, in early February 1860. However on 26 February 1860 some settlers lashed out at the peaceful coastal Wiyot people in a series of killings around Humboldt Bay including the Indian Island Massacre. Some of the members of the Volunteers were implicated in these massacres, and although they were never prosecuted, the unit was disbanded in late 1860. Gradually many settlers in the back country were compelled to abandon their ranches and farms and take shelter at the coastal settlements between 1860 and 1862.
First Campaign of the California Volunteers.
In late 1861 the Federal troops were recalled to the east to fight in the American Civil War. Elements of California Volunteer Regiments raised to replace Federal troops during the Civil War were sent to the newly formed Humboldt Military District under Col. Francis J. Lippitt. They established a number of posts to protect the settlers, but the troops raised outside the rugged Northwest were at first unsuited to conditions there, and failed to defeat the native peoples. However continued aggressive patrolling finally yielded results. Lassic and his band were driven to surrender on 31 July 1862, at Fort Baker. More of his warriors came in on August 10 and the 212 captured Indians at Fort Baker were sent to join 462 others at Fort Humboldt and held for a time in the makeshift prison created out on the Samoa Peninsula in Humboldt Bay. In September, 834 of these prisoners were then sent on the steamship "SS Panama" to the Smith River Indian Reservation north of Crescent City with Fort Lincoln established nearby to guard the reservation and keep the natives in it. Seemingly the war was being won.
However, in early October Lassic and three hundred natives, mostly warriors who had escaped the Smith River Reservation, followed by the exodus of more natives from the Reservation through November. Things were then no better than they were before Lippitt's campaign began.
Two Years' War.
During 1863 and 1864, the so-called Two Years' War, the conflict was brought to an end. Col. Lippett was relieved on July 13, 1863 by Lieutenant Colonel Stephen G. Whipple of the 1st Battalion California Volunteer Mountaineers, a former Indian agent, local politician and newspaper editor, who advocated a more active execution of the war with men raised from among the local settlers used to the hardships of war in the redwood forests and the Bald Hills. Under his command of the Humboldt District he began a more active campaign of unrelenting extended patrolling and skirmishing by all the units of California Volunteer soldiers. Henry M. Black filled in while Whipple served in the Assembly for a few months, and maintained the operations that killed or captured many of the native people. Whipple's operations finally compelled most of the tribes to make peace in August, 1864. However, some operations continued into late 1864 before hostilities ceased completely. California Volunteers remained in local garrisons until mustered out following the end of the Civil War in 1865.

</doc>
<doc id="31117329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31117329" title="Police Trainer 2">
Police Trainer 2

Police Trainer 2 is a light gun game and the sequel to Police Trainer released by Phantom Systems and Team Play Inc. sometime in 2003. This game was released in the stand-up cabinet and the sit-down cabinet.
Gameplay.
Like the previous game, players have three lives in the entire game. On simulation stages, players will have a full gauge of life gauge. If the gauge is empty or fail to reach a quota in this stage, one life is lost.

</doc>
<doc id="31117352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31117352" title="Safford City-Graham County Library">
Safford City-Graham County Library

The Safford City-Graham County Library is a public library in Safford, Arizona serving Graham County, Greenlee County and Gila County. It is known locally by the abbreviated Safford Library.
It currently has 13,625 active users.
Library Today.
The Safford City-Graham County Library is located on 808 S 7th Ave in Safford among a district of governmental buildings, including Safford City Hall and the Graham County Courthouse.
Jan Elliott served as its director from 2004-2012 and opened the organization to various new programs. Under Elliott's supervision, the library's primary focus was shifted to childhood literacy in 2008,
partnering with programs such as Dolly Parton's Imagination Library and the online tutoring service Tutor.com.
An average of 8,000 people visit the library every month, using its computer services, books, rental movies, audiobooks and special programming. Story times for children 0-5 are held weekly.
Its current building, designed in an arrowhead layout, was purchased in 1991 and converted from a furniture store. It can be seen briefly in the background in Albert Brooks' film Lost in America.
History.
The library was located in the Oddfellows Home of Arizona, a former sanctuary for orphans and historic attraction, from 1963-1991. The two story Tudor Revival style of building was split into two separate organizations, the bottom floor serving as the library and the top as a Safford museum.
Funding and Controversies.
With the Financial Crisis of 2008, the Safford Library saw deep budgetary cuts in 2009. Staff and programming were reduced and an annual fee of $ 50.00 for non-resident users was proposed to aide funding. The communities of Graham County protested in editorials to the Eastern Arizona Courier, causing the Safford City Council to rescind the proposed charges.
In 2010 the establishment of a library district was proposed in a volunteer, community-led campaign to aide the Safford Library in its funding and prevent it from hypothetically closing. In this defense it was argued that Graham County was one of the few in the state of Arizona not to have a collectively taxed library district.

</doc>
<doc id="31117364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31117364" title="Daichi Hashimoto">
Daichi Hashimoto

Early life.
The oldest of three children, Daichi Hashimoto grew up around full-contact sports, as his father Shinya was a legendary pro wrestler, alongside his "uncles" Masahiro Chono and Keiji Mutoh. Since the sixth grade, Daichi took up karate, and was part of his middle school's MMA school, Blue Sky.
When his father died in July 2005, Daichi decided he wanted to become a professional wrestler.
In September 2009, he took part in his father's 25th Anniversary show, hosted by Pro Wrestling Zero1. He competed in an exhibition kickboxing match against Satoru Kobayashi. The match was declared a draw after two two-minute rounds. After the show, Daichi expressed his desire to become a pro wrestler and Masahiro Chono and Shinjiro Otani picked up on his desire and trained him for nearly a year and a half.
Professional wrestling career.
Pro Wrestling Zero1 (2011–2014).
After nearly a year and a half of training, Daichi Hashimoto finally made his debut on March 6, 2011, at Pro Wrestling Zero1's 10th Anniversary show, where he wrestled Masahiro Chono in a losing effort. After the match, he was given advice from his "uncles" Chono and Keiji Mutoh, and he was also embraced by his mother and his two younger sisters. Fellow Zero1 rookie Yuichiro ☆Jienotsu☆ Nagashima came to congratulate him. Fifteen days later, Hashimoto went to All Japan Pro Wrestling, wrestled Mutoh, and lost. Over the next few months, Hashimoto would team up with Shinjiro Otani in various types of tag team match up and would even wrestle together at Inoki Genome Federation. On August 27, Hashimoto received his first title shot ever, as he and Otani unsuccessfully challenged Kamikaze and Sato for the NWA Intercontinental Tag Team Championship. In December 2011, Hashimoto took part in the Furinkazan Tag Team League, teaming up with Akebono. He and Akebono started the tournament strong on December 8, defeating Kohei Sato and Kamikaze. Three days later on December 11, Hashimoto and Akebono continued their success by defeating NWA Team, which was revealed to be Schwarz and Weiss. However, the team would go on to lose their next two matches which led to them being placed 3rd in Block B. The Wrestling Observer Newsletter awarded Hashimoto with the Rookie of the Year award for 2011
Hashimoto began the new year with a bang on January 1, 2012, when he won his first singles match, defeating Yoshikazu Yokoyama. On March 2 at Zero1's 11TH Anniversary Show, Hashimoto teamed with Otani and lost to Kensuke Sasaki and Katsuhiko Nakajima. In April 2012, Hashimoto participated in Pro Wrestling Noah's Global Tag League with Shinjiro Otani as his partner. On April 11, he and Otani started off strong by defeating Eddie Edwards and Colt Cabana. They would go on to defeated the team of Go Shiozaki & Tamon Honda and Yoshihiro Takayama & Maybach Taniguchi. The team would lose the rest of their matches meaning that Hashimoto and Otani ended the Global Tag League in 5th Place with six points. Hashimoto and Otani would continue to team up together until July when they separated to take part in Fire Festival 2012. Hashimoto would ended up losing all four of his tournament matches, including losing to Otani. In September, Hashimoto participated in two tournaments Tenkaichi Junior Tournament 2012 at Zero1 where Hashimoto was defeated by Tatsuhito Takaiwa in the first round. The second tournament he took part in was the Nippon TV Cup Jr. Heavyweight Tag League 2012 in block B at Noah. Hashimoto teamed up with Ikuto Hidaka and won their block with six points but would lose the final to Atsushi Kotoge and Taiji Ishimori. On December 2, he travelled to Hong Kong for his first ever oversea contest against Zero1 Hong Kong's Bitman. Wrestling as a big heel from Japan, he defeat Bitman after a mist attack follow by a vertical drop DDT. On January 4, 2013, Hashimoto was scheduled to make his debut for New Japan Pro Wrestling, teaming with Keiji Mutoh at Wrestle Kingdom 7 in Tokyo Dome, however, on December 27, it was announced that he had fractured his left forearm and would be forced to pull out of the match. Despite the injury, Hashimoto made an appearance at the event, having a confrontation with Hiroyoshi Tenzan, after he and Satoshi Kojima had defeated Mutoh and his replacement, Shinjiro Otani. During the hiatus, Hashimoto bulked up to 95 kg. Hashimoto returned to the ring on April 15, 2013, when he was defeated by Dramatic Dream Team (DDT) representative Kota Ibushi in a singles match. On May 2, Zero1 announced that Hashimoto had re-aggravated his forearm injury and would once again be sidelined from in-ring action. On October 13, 2013, Hashimoto made his return to the ring, facing Katsuhiko Nakajima in a losing effort. On February 11, 2014, Hashimoto received the first singles title shot of his career, when he unsuccessfully challenged Tama Williams for the NWA United National Heavyweight Championship. On April 8, while Hashimoto was recovering from a broken jaw, Zero1 announced that his contract with the promotion had expired on March 31 and he had decided not to re-sign. At a press conference the following day, Hashimoto announced that going forward he would be working as a freelancer.
Inoki Genome Federation (2014–present).
On June 5, 2014, Hashimoto and the Inoki Genome Federation (IGF) held a press conference to announce that he had signed with the promotion. He is expected to debut on July 13 against Kazuyuki Fujita.

</doc>
<doc id="31117365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31117365" title="Ngöbe Buglé (disambiguation)">
Ngöbe Buglé (disambiguation)

Ngöbe Buglé may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31117369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31117369" title="Asosiasi Industri Rekaman Indonesia">
Asosiasi Industri Rekaman Indonesia

Asosiasi Industri Rekaman Indonesia (ASIRI) (English: Recording Industry Association of Indonesia) is a trust that represents the recording industry interests in Indonesia.
It was established in 1978 and represents 84 member labels, which distribute around 95% of the music sold in Indonesia.
Certification levels.
ASIRI is responsible for certifying gold and platinum albums in Indonesia. The levels are:
Repercussions of recording piracy.
Piracy is not a new phenomenon in Indonesia. Prior to 1988, all recordings sold in Indonesia are unauthorized. But in the 1990s, the number was reduced to 20%, with retail value of pirate recordings in 1995, estimated at US$15 million. In the early 2000s, piracy rate was increase back to a higher levels, which was at 55% in 2001, and 85% in 2003. Usually, piracy are hitting domestic artists in particular.

</doc>
<doc id="31117396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31117396" title="Euthanasia in India">
Euthanasia in India

Passive euthanasia is legal in India. On 7 March 2011 the Supreme Court of India legalised passive euthanasia by means of the withdrawal of life support to patients in a permanent vegetative state. The decision was made as part of the verdict in a case involving Aruna Shanbaug, who has been in a vegetative state for 37 years at King Edward Memorial Hospital. The high court rejected active euthanasia by means of lethal injection. In the absence of a law regulating euthanasia in India, the court stated that its decision becomes the law of the land until the Indian parliament enacts a suitable law. Active euthanasia, including the administration of lethal compounds for the purpose of ending life, is still illegal in India, and in most countries.
Aruna Shanbaug case.
Aruna Shanbaug was a nurse working at the KEM Hospital in Mumbai on 27 November 1973 when she was strangled and sodomized by Sohanlal Walmiki, a sweeper. During the attack she was strangled with a chain, and the deprivation of oxygen has left her in a vegetative state ever since. She has been treated at KEM since the incident and is kept alive by feeding tube. On behalf of Aruna, her friend Pinki Virani, a social activist, filed a petition in the Supreme Court arguing that the "continued existence of Aruna is in violation of her right to live in dignity". The Supreme Court made its decision on 7 March 2011. The court rejected the plea to discontinue Aruna's life support but issued a set of broad guidelines legalising passive euthanasia in India. The Supreme Court's decision to reject the discontinuation of Aruna's life support was based on the fact that the hospital staff who treat and take care of her did not support euthanizing her.
Supreme Court decision.
While rejecting Pinki Virani's plea for Aruna Shanbaug's euthanasia, the court laid out guidelines for passive euthanasia. According to these guidelines, passive euthanasia involves the withdrawing of treatment or food that would allow the patient to live. Forms of active euthanasia, including the administration of lethal compounds, legal in a number of nations and jurisdictions including Belgium and the Netherlands, as well as the US states of Washington and Oregon, are still illegal in India.
Elsewhere in the world active euthanasia is almost always illegal. The legal status of passive euthanasia, on the other hand, including the withdrawal of nutrition or water, varies across the nations of the world. As India had no law about euthanasia, the Supreme Court's guidelines are law until and unless Parliament passes legislation. India's Minister of Law and Justice, Veerappa Moily, called for serious political debate over the issue.
The following guidelines were laid down:
Response.
After the court ruling "The Telegraph" consulted with Muslim, Hindu, Jain and Christian religious leaders. Though generally against legalising euthanasia, Christians and the Jains thought passive euthanasia was acceptable under some circumstances. Jains and Hindus have the traditional rituals "Santhara" and "Prayopavesa" respectively, wherein one can end one's life by starvation, when one feels their life is complete. Some members of India's medical establishment were skeptical about euthanasia due to the country's weak rule of law and the large gap between the rich and the poor, which might lead to the exploitation of the elderly by their families.

</doc>
<doc id="31117397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31117397" title="Renc">
Renc

Renc is a village in the municipality Guri i Zi, northern Albania. It is located 1.5 km east from the city of Shkodër and consists of 860 inhabitants and 236 houses. The village name comes from the place (rrenx malit) where it was settled 1396. Rrenc has 2 Deshmoret nations which still exist to this day. Lapidari marble with their names, (Kole Rrok Matthias and Simon) who both have ren on duty like any other martyr Albanian.

</doc>
<doc id="31117400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31117400" title="When Hell Broke Loose">
When Hell Broke Loose

When Hell Broke Loose (1958) is a World War II war film starring Charles Bronson, directed by Kenneth G. Crane and co-written by Ib Melchior.
Plot.
Steve Boland (Charles Bronson) is a cynical minor criminal drafted into the US Army during World War II. He has an unspectacular military career with his criminal past getting him into trouble but he comes into his own when his criminal expertise gives him unparalleled opportunities during the American occupation of Germany.
When Werwolf German infiltrators, saboteurs and assassins dressed in American uniform parachute behind the American lines, Boland's superiors neither believe nor trust him. Boland becomes a proficient one man army. He realises that everything happens for a reason.
See also.
Verboten!

</doc>
<doc id="31117407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31117407" title="Bersa Thunder">
Bersa Thunder

Bersa Thunder may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31117418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31117418" title="John Cleve Green">
John Cleve Green

John Cleve Green (April 14, 1800 – April 29, 1875) was a merchant and former partner of John Murray Forbes in the China trading house of Russell & Company. Green was a benefactor of Princeton University and the Lawrenceville School. One of his homes was a estate in New Brighton, Staten Island, where Curtis High School now stands. In the late 19th century he gave 1.5 million dollars to Princeton and on his death made major bequests to New York University and New York area hospitals.
Early life and family.
Born in the Lawrenceville section of Lawrence Township, Mercer County, New Jersey, Green's father, Caleb Smith Green, was a farmer in Lawrence Township in present day Mercer County, New Jersey.
Merchant career.
As a young man, Green entered the house of N. L. & G. Griswold, merchants in the China trade on South Street in New York City, and displayed so much sagacity as a clerk that he was appointed supercargo of the ship "Panama", a well-known tea clipper of the day, and of other vessels. He subsequently made many voyages to China and South America.
In 1833, he was admitted to the house of Russell & Co., in Canton (now Guangzhou), China, and there laid the foundation of his large fortune. In 1839, on his return to New York, he married Sarah Helen, daughter of George Griswold, and carried on the China trade for many years thereafter, acquiring a fortune of about $7,000,000.
Other activities.
Green was prominent in the social, business and public enterprises of the city. For many years he was a director of The Bank of Commerce, a member of the Chamber of Commerce and a manager of several leading charitable and public institutions. Always known as a man of clear views, strong convictions and great force of character, Green took an active interest in New York University, Princeton Theological Seminary and Princeton College. He owned a town house Washington Square, New York City a large country house with much land at New Brighton on Staten Island.
Personal life.
The father of three children all of who died in childhood, Green's brother, Henry W. Green, was at one time Chancellor of New Jersey, and his brother in law, Frederick Frelinghuysen, Senator from the same State.
Green died in 1875, at his residence on Washington Square Park.

</doc>
<doc id="31117445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31117445" title="Eyedentity Games">
Eyedentity Games

Eyedentity Games, Inc. is a South Korean developer of online games founded in 2007. The studio's first game is the commercially successful fast-paced action MMORPG, Dragon Nest. Eyedentity Games was acquired by Chinese digital entertainment company Shanda Games in September 2010. 
The studio also released a Diablo-like Chibi-Styled action MMORPG in 2012, titled Dungeon Strikers following Dragon Nest's success. The game is currently in Open-Beta in Korea and rights have sold to Game Flier for distribution in Taiwan, Hong Kong and Macau. 

</doc>
<doc id="31117477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31117477" title="Berghia verrucicornis">
Berghia verrucicornis

Berghia verrucicornis is a species of marine nudibranch in the family Aeolidiidae.
Distribution.
"Berghia verrucicornis" is an inhabitant of the North Atlantic Ocean, present in the Azores Exclusive Economic Zone, the Caribbean Sea, Costa Rica, European waters, the Gulf of Mexico, Jamaica, the Portuguese Exclusive Economic Zone, and the Spanish Exclusive Economic Zone.
Description.
It has a maximum reported size of 18 mm.
Habitat.
Minimum recorded depth is 0 m. Maximum recorded depth is 0 m.
In the aquarium.
Species from aquaria eating "Aiptasia" anemones have been called ""Berghia verrucicornis"", but it is species "Aeolidiella stephanieae", that have been described in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="31117483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31117483" title="Aggregate modulus">
Aggregate modulus

In relation to biomechanics, the aggregate modulus (Ha) is a measurement of the stiffness of a material at equilibrium when fluid has ceased flowing through it. The aggregate modulus can be calculated from Young's modulus (E) and the Poisson ratio (v).
The aggregate modulus of a similar specimen is determined from a unidirectional "deformational" testing configuration, i.e., the only non-zero strain component is E11, as opposed to the Young's modulus, which is determined from a unidirectional "loading" testing configuration, i.e., the only non-zero stress component is, say, in the e1 direction. In this test, the only non-zero component of the stress tensor is T11.
Reference: Biomechanics of Cartilage by Mansour

</doc>
<doc id="31117490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31117490" title="Denise Andrews">
Denise Andrews

Denise Andrews is an American politician from Western Massachusetts. A Democrat, she is a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives representing the 2nd Franklin district. She was first elected in 2010 and took office on January 5, 2011. The 2nd Franklin district comprises twelve communities, Athol, Belchertown precinct A, Erving, Gill, New Salem, Orange, Petersham, Phillipston, Royalston, Templeton, Warwick, and Wendell. 
Andrews was born in Orange and still lives there with her partner Candi Fetzer. Andrews earned a bachelor's degree from UMass Amherst and an MBA from Xavier University before embarking on a 25-year career with Procter & Gamble (P&G). Her first P&G positions were in Quincy, Massachusetts and she later moved to the company's headquarters in Cincinnati, Ohio. She left P&G in 2006 after four years as the company's global diversity & inclusion manager. She then established her own consulting business, Legacy Unlimited.
Following incumbent state representative Chris Donelan's announcement that he would run for Franklin County sheriff rather than seek re-election in 2010, Andrews launched a bid to succeed him in the state house. In the Democratic primary election held on September 14, 2010, Andrews polled 37% in a five candidate race, finishing 519 votes ahead of the second-place finisher, who took 24%. In the general election held on November 2, she polled 6,885 (53%), finishing over 1,300 votes ahead of the Republican nominee (who took 42%) and an independent (on 5%).
She is one of five openly LGBT members of the Massachusetts General Court, alongside Representatives Sarah Peake (D–Provincetown), Liz Malia (D–Jamaica Plain) and Kate Hogan (D–Stow), as well as Senator Stan Rosenberg (D–Amherst).

</doc>
<doc id="31117510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31117510" title="Sayed Yousuf Mirranay">
Sayed Yousuf Mirranay

Sayed Yousuf Mirranay (Pashto: سيد يوسف ميړنی) (b 1947, d 1979) was an Afghan political figure. A prominent member of the Afghan Social Democratic Party (Afghan Mellat), he was born in 1947 (1326 Hijra) in the Khogiani district of the Nangarhar province at the foothills of the Spin Ghar Mountains. His father Haji Sayed Jalal belonged to a religious family of the Ahmad Khil village in Eastern Afghanistan. His Brother Dr. Syed Gulam Farooq Mirranay is an Afghan scholar, political and social reformist and politician, who was an elected member of the House of the People or Wolesi Jirga in 2005 and is the official spokesperson for the Afghan Social Democratic Party (Afghan Mellat).
Early life.
Mirranay, after the completion of his studies in the Kaga Primary School went to Kabul and pursued his education in Ibn-I-Sina High School and finally graduated from the Kabul Technical High School in 1965 (1344 Hijri). Soon after graduation he got a job with Ariana Afghan Airlines and started his work in the Kandahar International Airport. Meanwhile, it was during 1965 that the Afghan Social Democratic Party (Afghan Mellat) was established and Yousaf Mirranay was among the first to join it. Mirranay although very young started his political life by fighting for the realization of his party's ideals, which was the creation of a united, prosperous and democratic Afghanistan. His stands and his struggle for the creation of a just and democratic society in Afghanistan brought him face to face with the regimes of the time in Afghanistan. Mirranay became an unwanted person for the government and therefore was transferred from one department to another as he himself once wrote, " apart from the Ministry of Foreign affairs, which was not meant to be for the people like me, I practically served in almost every Department of the Government".
Education.
Mirranay joined the Institute of Industrial Management and was able to successfully complete his studies.
Works.
Yousaf Mirranay is also known for his academic works. He was fluent in Pashto, Dari and English and has been the author of numerous books and articles on aspects of Nationalism and the history, literature and culture of the Afghans. From among many of his academic works only two booklets entitled "Nation and Nationality" and "Culture" has been published.
Imprisonment and death.
Mirranay like numerous other members of his party and other supporters of nationalistic and democratic values in Afghanistan was considered a threat to the Communist Government of Afghanistan established after the coup of April 1978. He was imprisoned soon after the coup but was released after a short period. In August 1978 he was imprisoned for the second time, never to be seen again.
Political legacy.
Mirranay's writings were based on his understanding of his society, his people and the Afghan culture
Mirranay believed that lack of a truly democratic and strong central government in Afghanistan could jeopardize the independence and sovereignty of the country. To achieve such a goal, he believed that he had to fight what he saw as the reactionary and autocratic regimes of the time inside Afghanistan and externally to struggle against all what he saw as imperialistic and colonial powers.
Mirranay even in his young age envisaged the dangers of imported ideologies for the country and warned about international conspiracies. He travelled to every province, many villages and mosque and warned the people not to remain indifferent to what was happening in their country. His advice for the people of Afghanistan was to bring up the Afghan children with Islam and the Afghan culture. Mirranay was strongly of the opinion that creation of a united, strong and prosperous Afghanistan is possible only if people of all ethnic backgrounds in the country are given the opportunity of participating in the social, political and economic life of the Afghan society
In Jan 2010, Afghanistan Government named in his honour a traffic intersection, Shaheed Sayed Yousef Mirranay Choke in Jalalabad city, Afghanistan. The ceremony was attending by senior government officials.
Personal life.
His family resided in Australia since the early 90s. His eldest son, Dr. Said Khushal Mirranay is a medical doctor and a well-known and respected figure in the Afghan Australian community.

</doc>
<doc id="31117561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31117561" title="Honigberg">
Honigberg

Honigberg may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31117566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31117566" title="Gabriel Laub">
Gabriel Laub

Gabriel Laub (October 24, 1928 in Bochnia, Poland – February 3, 1998 in Hamburg, Germany) was a Czech- and German-speaking journalist, political satirist and aphorism writer.
Personal life.
Laub grew up in Krakow. Due to his Jewish heritage, he fled with his parents during the invasion of Poland in 1939. They fled to the Soviet Union but were interned for sixteen months in what is now Uzbekistan. After World War II he moved to Prague where he studied journalism and worked as an editor and writer until 1968. Following the defeat of the Prague Spring reforms, he fled to Hamburg. There he published his collections of aphorisms in German. 
He received numerous awards including the 1971 short story prize given by the city of Arnsberg and the 1991 Irmgard-Heilmann Prize.Laub was buried in Israel.

</doc>
<doc id="31117568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31117568" title="Hönigsberg">
Hönigsberg

Hönigsberg is surname of:

</doc>
<doc id="31117616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31117616" title="AHL on CBC">
AHL on CBC

The AHL on CBC is a television broadcast of American Hockey League games in Canada produced by CBC Sports and shown on CBC Television and CBC.ca.
2010-2011 season.
During the 2010–11 AHL season, ten broadcasts of the "AHL on CBC" were produced as part of a one-year contract signed by the CBC and the AHL on Thursday, August 19, 2010. All games were aired at 1:00ET Sunday afternoon across Canada except the January 16 broadcast which aired at 2:00ET. All 10 games involved at least one AHL team that is affiliated with an NHL team based in Canada and all games took place in a Canadian city. The broadcasters for the AHL on CBC were Elliotte Friedman or Nabil Karim as the host, Bruce Rainnie or Dan Robertson as the play-by play announcer, and Brad May as the colour commentator. 
2011–12 season.
Negotiations are underway for a second season of the AHL on CBC, but these negotiations fell through. The league instead aired on Rogers Sportsnet that season.

</doc>
<doc id="31117620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31117620" title="Flora, Sør-Trøndelag">
Flora, Sør-Trøndelag

Flora is a village in the municipality of Selbu in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway. It is located along the Nea River, about southeast of the municipal center of Mebonden and about northwest of Gressli (in Tydal). The Flora Chapel is located in this village.

</doc>
<doc id="31117623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31117623" title="Fossan">
Fossan

Fossan is a village in the municipality of Selbu in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway. It is located about north of the municipal center of Mebonden, across the lake Selbusjøen. Fossan is located about halfway between the village of Selbustrand and Tømra.

</doc>
<doc id="31117625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31117625" title="Hyttbakken">
Hyttbakken

Hyttbakken is a village in the municipality of Selbu in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway. It is located along the Nea River, about east of the municipal center of Mebonden and about northwest of the village of Flora. 

</doc>
<doc id="31117626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31117626" title="Vikvarvet">
Vikvarvet

Vikvarvet is a village in the municipality of Selbu in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway. It is located on the southern shore of the lake Selbusjøen, about southwest of the municipal center of Mebonden.

</doc>
<doc id="31117627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31117627" title="Selbustrand">
Selbustrand

Selbustrand is a village in the municipality of Selbu in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway. It is located about across the lake Selbusjøen from the municipal center of Mebonden. The village of Fossan lies about to the northeast of Selbustrand. The Selbustrand Church is located in this village.

</doc>
<doc id="31117629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31117629" title="Innbygda, Sør-Trøndelag">
Innbygda, Sør-Trøndelag

Innbygda is a village in the municipality of Selbu in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway. It is located along the eastern end of the lake Selbusjøen, about northeast of the municipal center of Mebonden and about southwest of Trøa. The village is home to some small industries including a sawmill and a Tine factory.

</doc>
<doc id="31117695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31117695" title="Pueblo West High School">
Pueblo West High School

Pueblo West High School is a public high school located in Pueblo West, Colorado part of the Pueblo Metropolitan Statistical Area. The school opened its doors in 1997 as a new extension of Pueblo School District 70. Pueblo West High School became an International Baccalaureate world school in 2009 offering the IB Diploma Programme. The institution is currently headed by Martha Nogare and has a student enrollment of approximately 1250.

</doc>
