<doc id="30993406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993406" title="History of Sierra Leone (1961–78)">
History of Sierra Leone (1961–78)

In April 1961, Sierra Leone became politically independent of Great Britain. It retained a parliamentary system of government and was a member of the British Commonwealth of Nations. The Sierra Leone People's Party (SLPP), led by Sir Milton Margai were victorious in the first general election under universal adult franchise in May 1962. Upon Sir Milton's death in 1964, his half-brother, Sir Albert Margai, succeeded him as Prime Minister. Sir Albert attempted to establish a single-party state but met fierce resistance from the opposition All People's Congress (APC) and ultimately abandoned the idea.
In closely contested elections in March 1967, the APC won a plurality of the parliamentary seats. Accordingly, the Governor General (representing the British Monarch) Henry Josiah Lightfoot Boston declared Siaka Stevens – APC leader and Mayor of Freetown – as the new Prime Minister. Within a few hours, Stevens and Lightfoot-Boston were placed under house arrest by Brigadier David Lansana, the Commander of the Sierra Leone Military Forces (SLMF), on grounds that the determination of office should await the election of the tribal representatives to the house. A group of senior military officers overrode this action by seizing control of the government on 23 March, arresting Brigadier Lansana, and suspending the constitution. The group constituted itself as the National Reformation Council (NRC) with Brigadier Andrew Juxon-Smith as its chairman. The NRC in turn was overthrown in April 1968 by a "sergeants' revolt," the Anti-Corruption Revolutionary Movement. NRC members were imprisoned, army and police officers were deposed, the democratic constitution was restored, and power was handed back to Stevens, who at last assumed the office of Prime Minister.
After the return to civilian rule by-elections were held beginning in the fall of 1968 and an all-APC cabinet was appointed. Tranquility was not completely restored: in November 1968 a state of emergency was declared after provincial disturbances, and in March 1971 the government survived an unsuccessful military coup. In April 1971 a republican constitution was adopted under which Stevens became President. In 1972 by-elections the opposition SLPP complained of intimidation and procedural obstruction by the APC and militia. These problems became so severe that it boycotted the 1973 general election; as a result the APC won 84 of the 85 elected seats. In July 1974, the government uncovered an alleged military coup plot. As in 1971, the leaders were tried and executed. In 1977, student demonstrations against the government disrupted Sierra Leone politics. A general election was called later that year in which corruption was again endemic; the APC won 74 seats and the SLPP 15.
An independent nation led by Sir Milton Margai.
On 27 April 1961, Milton Margai led Sierra Leone to independence from the United Kingdom. Thousands of Sierra Leoneans across the nation took to the streets to celebrate their independence. The nation held its first general elections on 27 May 1962, and Margai was elected Sierra Leone's first prime minister by a landslide. Milton Margai's political party, the Sierra Leone People's Party (SLPP), won by large margins in the nation's first general election under universal adult suffrage in May 1962. 
An important aspect of Margai's character was his self-effacement. He was neither corrupt nor did he make a lavish display of his power or status. Sir Milton's government was based on the rule of law and the notion of separation of powers, with multiparty political institutions and fairly viable representative structures. Margai used his conservative deology to lead Sierra Leone without much strife. He appointed government officials with a clear eye to satisfy various ethnic groups. Margai successfully built coalitions from in the 1950s to attain independence without bloodshed. With his genteel nature, Margai employed a brokerage style of politics by sharing political power between political groups and the paramamount chiefs in the provinces.
Upon Margai's death on 28 April 1964, an internal crisis within members of the Sierra Leone People's party erupted as to who would succeed Margai as Prime Minister. The parliament of Sierra Leone held an emergency session to elect a new prime minister; the person must be a member of the ruling SLPP party. One of the two leading candidates to succeed Margai as prime minister was Sir Albert Margai, Sierra Leone's Finance Minister and also the younger brother of Sir Milton Margai. The other was Dr. John Karefa-Smart, Sierra Leone's foreign minister and a close ally of Sir Milton. Sir Albert Margai was elected by a majority vote in Parliament to be the new leader of the SLPP and the next prime minister of Sierra Leone. Sir Albert Margai's leadership was briefly challenged by Sierra Leone's Foreign Minister John Karefa-Smart, an ethnic Sherbro, who questioned Sir Albert's succession to the SLPP leadership position. Kareefa-Smart received little support in Parliament in his attempt to have Margai stripped of the SLPP leadership.
Albert Margai Administration.
Sir Albert was sworn in as Sierra Leone's second Prime Minister the same day his brother died at a ceremony held at the Sierra Leone's parliament in Freetown. Soon after Margai was sworn in as Prime Minister, he immediately dismissed Karefa-Smart and several other senior government officials who had served under his elder brother Sir Milton's government, as he viewed them as traitors and a threat to his administration. Sir Albert appointed the Creole politician Cyril B. Rogers-Wright to replace Karefa-Smart.
Unlike his late brother Milton, Sir Albert was opposed to the colonial legacy of allowing the country's Paramount Chiefs executive powers and he was seen as a threat to the existence of the ruling houses across the country. This made him unpopular with the powerful paramount chiefs, most of whom were founding members of the SLPP. To strengthen support for his reform agenda for the party and the country the new Prime Minister brought into the executive of the SLPP and his government younger, western-educated, and more radicallised members of the party including Salia Jusu Sheriff (PhD). The party was thus divided with the traditionalist and more powerful old guard against the new and younger leaders. As Prime Minister Sir Albert Margai opposed Creole domination of the civil service and many ethnic Creoles lost their positions in the civil service as a result. Sir Albert Margai was highly criticized during his tenure as prime minister. He was accused of corruption and of a policy of affirmative action in favor of the Mende ethnic group. During Albert Margai's administration, The Mende increased their influence both in the civil service and the army. Most of the top military and government positions were held by Mendes. Sir Albert also tried to establish a one-party state but with very little support in Parliament, even among his fellow SLPP members and was also met by fierce resistance from the main opposition the All People's Congress (APC), which had become suddenly more popular than the rulling SLPP and ultimately abandoned the idea. 
Under Albert Margai's government, Sierra Leone enjoyed freedom of speech and freedom of the press. Sir Albert tolerated criticism of his government, even by his political opponent. Not a single journalist or politician was killed during his term in office. Sir Albert tolerated criticism or written a libel claim against his government. Under Albert Margai, all Sierra Leoneans had equal access to free and fair trial .Sir Albert had the opportunity to perpetuate himself in power, but he elected not to do so even when the opportunities presented themselves. He had the police and the army on his side and nothing could have prevented him from achieving his ambition to hold on to power, but he chose not to and called for a free and fair elections.
Three military coups, 1967-1968.
After the closely contested general election in March 1967, Sierra Leone Governor General Sir Henry Josiah Lightfoot Boston declared the new prime minister to be Siaka Stevens, an ethnic Limba, the candidate of the APC) and the mayor of Freetown. Stevens had defeated the incumbent prime minister, Sir Albert Margai, by a narrow margin. Stevens won the majority of the vote in the north of the country and in the western area, including in Freetown. Albert Margai on the other side, won the vast majority of the vote in south-eastern Sierra Leone. Sir Albert conceded defeat and handed power to Siaka Stevens. Stevens was sworn in as Sierra Leone's third prime minister on 21 March 1967 in Freetown. Mere hours after he took office, soldiers stormed the State House and abducted Stevens at gunpoint. The coup was led by Brigadier General David Lansana, an ethnic Mende and the commander of the Sierra Leone Armed Forces. Brigadier Lansana was a prominent supporter of Albert Margai, who had appointed him to the top command in 1964. Brigadier Lansana declared a state of emergency and imposed martial law. He insisted that the determination of the winner of the election should await the election of the tribal representatives in Parliament, mostly from Mende chiefdoms in South-Eastern Sierra Leone.
On 23 March 1967, however, a group of senior army officers led by Brigadier Andrew Juxon-Smith, an ethnic Creole, in turn seized control of the government, arrested Lansana and suspended the constitution. Martial law was maintained. The group constituted itself as the National Reformation Council (NRC) with Brigadier Andrew Juxon-Smith as its chairman. On 18 April 1968, the NRC was in turn overthrown by a third group of senior army, who called themselves the Anti-Corruption Revolutionary Movement (ACRM), led by Brigadier General John Amadu Bangura, an ethnic Limba. The ACRM imprisoned Brigadier Andrew Juxon-Smith and other senior NRC members and restored the constitution. In Bragadier Bangura's first speech, he urged Sierra Leoneans to stay calm and appealed to the military to respect the constitution and stay out of politics. Bangura invited Stevens to the state house and reinstated him as prime minister in a special ceremony. Brigadier Bangura was accused of tribalism in favor of Siaka Stevens.
Stevens government and one party state.
Stevens assumed power again in 1968 with a great deal of promise and ambition. Much trust was placed upon him as he championed multi-party politics. Upon taking power from the military, however, he drove the SLPP from competitive politics in general elections using violence and intimidation. To gain support of the military, Stevens retained the popular John Amadu Bangura as the head of the Sierra Leone Armed Forces.
After the return to civilian rule, by-elections were held (beginning in autumn 1968) and an all-APC cabinet was appointed. Calm was not completely restored. In November 1968, Stevens declared a state of emergency after disturbance in the provinces.
Stevens had campaigned on a platform of socialist principles. However, when he became Prime Minister he abandoned his pre-election promises and employed an authoritarian model of governance.
Many senior officers in the Sierra Leone military were disappointed but none could confront Stevens. Brigadier General Bangura, who had reinstated Stevens as Prime Minister, was widely considered the only person who could put the brakes on Stevens. Bangura was a magnetic and popular figure among Sierra Leoneans. The army was devoted to him and this made him potentially dangerous to Steven's new agenda in the shifting political climate of Sierra Leone. In January 1970, Bangura was arrested and charged with conspiracy and plotting to commit a coup against the Stevens government. He was convicted and sentenced to death by execution. On 29 March 1970, Bangura was hanged at the Kissy Road in central Freetown. In March 1971, a group of senior military officials attempted an unsuccessful military coup. The coup leaders were convicted and executed, including several senior officers in the army and some senior government officials.
On 19 April 1971, parliament declared Sierra Leone a republic, with Siaka Stevens as president and Sorie Ibrahim Koroma as Vice President. Under the APC regimes headed by Stevens, the Limba, Stevens' own ethnic group and the Creoles, enjoyed strong influence in the government and civil service. Another major ethnic group, the Temne joined the Mende in opposition to the APC government. But after Stevens appointed an ethnic Temne, Sorie Ibrahim Koroma as vice-president, the Temne appeared to have emerged as an influential group in the APC government. Guinean troops requested by Stevens to support his government were in the country from 1971 to 1973. In May 1973, general elections were held throughout the country, but the main opposition, the SLPP, boycotted the 1973 general election, alleging widespread intimidation and procedural obstruction.
In 1973, president Stevens and president William Tolbert of Liberia signed a treaty forming the Mano River Union to facilitate trade between Sierra Leone and Liberia, with Guinea joining in 1980 under president Sekou Toure. In 1975, Sierra Leone joined the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS).
An alleged plot to overthrow president Stevens failed in 1974 and its leaders were executed. In March 1976, Stevens was elected without opposition for a second five-year term as president. On 19 July 1975, 14 senior army and government officials including Brigadier David Lansana, former cabinet minister Mohamed Sorie Forna, Brigadier General Ibrahim Bash Taqi and Lieutenant Habib Lansana Kamara were executed after being convicted for allegedly attempting a coup to topple president Stevens' government.
In early 1977, a major anti-government demonstration by students and youth occurred throughout the country against the APC government and deteriorating economic conditions. Police and the army put down the demonstration.
In the national parliamentary election of May 1977, the APC won 74 seats and the main opposition, the SLPP, won 15. The SLPP condemned the election, alleged widespread vote-rigging and voter intimidation. In 1978, the APC dominant parliament approved a new constitution making the country a one-party state. The 1978 referendum made the APC the only legal political party in Sierra Leone. This move lead to another major demonstration in many parts of the country but again it was put down by the army and the police.
Stevens is generally criticised for dictatorial methods and government corruption, but reduced ethnic polarisation in government by incorporating members of various ethnic groups into his all-dominating APC government.

</doc>
<doc id="30993408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993408" title="Sudhir Dhawale">
Sudhir Dhawale

Sudhir Dhawale is an Indian activist, actor and publisher of the bi-monthly Marathi magazine "Vidrohi". He is a resident of Byculla area of Mumbai, Maharashtra.
Activism.
A dalit himself, he has been fighting the caste system in India, and specifically atrocities against dalits since 1995. He campaigned for the effective implementation of the Scheduled Caste and Scheduled Tribe (Prevention of Atrocities) Act, 1989. In particular he took up the cause of dalits in violent incidents such as the Ramabai Nagar Dalit Hatyakand in Ghatkopar in Mumbai (1997), the Kherlanji massacre, Rohidas Tupe murder, Baban Misal murder, the Manorama Kamble gang rape and murder case in Nagpu and the Sahebrao Jondhale murder. Through his editorial, journalistic and stage work he tried to emphasize the plight of dalits in this day and age as some claim that he had no sympathies, much less showed support for, naxalites. They claim that he was a believer in doctorines of democracy and had therefore pursued the role of an activist rather than taking part in any armed struggle. His funding is also claimed to have come from fellow activists, donations and contributions from various people, including those that he tried to help. His wife was an activist for women's rights before marriage and afterwards took up nursing to support their family while he pursued activism.
He is a founding member of the Republican Panther Jaatiya Antachi Chalwal formed on December 6, 2007, for the elimination of the caste system in India, mostly as a reaction to the state action against 2006 Dalit protests in Maharashtra.
Arrest and controversy.
He was arrested from Wardha railway station by a team of Gondia police and a team from the Nagpur division of ATS, while trying to board a train to Mumbai. He was taken to Gondia and produced before a local court which awarded police his custody until January 12, 2011. Subsequently he was booked for waging war against the state under section 121 of the Indian Penal Code and charged with sedition (Sec 124) and booked under Sections 17, 20 and 39 of the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act (UAPA). This put Dhawale at the center of a human rights controversy.
His arrest is controversial due to:
Activists and media are drawing attention to parallels with perceived persecution of Dr. Binayak Sen from Chhattisgarh due to alleged but unproven links with the naxal movement and social activism.

</doc>
<doc id="30993420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993420" title="Innovation and Quality in Services Award">
Innovation and Quality in Services Award

Award presented yearly by the Employers & Industrialists Federation of Cyprus to one company, which has pioneered through innovation and provided services and/or products of extraordinary quality. The ceremony is conducted in the presence of the President of Cyprus who traditionally delivers the prize.
See also.
Financial Performances and Quality in Services Award

</doc>
<doc id="30993423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993423" title="Financial Performances and Quality in Services Award">
Financial Performances and Quality in Services Award

Award presented yearly by the Employers & Industrialists Federation of Cyprus to one company, which has demonstrated extraordinary financial performance and high quality in service and/or products. The ceremony is conducted in the presence of the President of Cyprus who traditionally delivers the prize.
See also.
Innovation and Quality in Services Award

</doc>
<doc id="30993429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993429" title="Matúš Digoň">
Matúš Digoň

Matúš Digoň (born 18 November 1988) is a Slovak football player. His last club was FC Lokomotíva Košice.

</doc>
<doc id="30993453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993453" title="Jaroslav Kasík">
Jaroslav Kasík

Jaroslav Kasík is a Czech professional ice hockey defenceman who played with HK SKP Poprad in the Slovak Extraliga during the 2010–11 season.

</doc>
<doc id="30993456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993456" title="Tomáš Kubík">
Tomáš Kubík

Tomáš Kubík (born 18 March 1992) is a Slovak football player who currently plays for MFK Košice.

</doc>
<doc id="30993457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993457" title="Rolf Andersen">
Rolf Andersen

Rolf Andersen (25 July 1897 – 25 July 1980) was a Norwegian diplomat.
He was a deputy under-secretary of state in the Norwegian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, and participated in the Norwegian delegation to the Paris Peace Conference, 1946. He was later a Norwegian envoy to Switzerland, the Norwegian ambassador to Italy to 1958, to Denmark from 1958 to 1963, and in France from 1963 to 1967.
He was the father of Rolf Trolle Andersen, who became ambassador to France too.

</doc>
<doc id="30993467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993467" title="Bình An massacre">
Bình An massacre

The Bình An massacre was a massacre conducted by the ROK Capital Division of the South Korean Army on 26 February 1966 of unarmed citizens in Gò Dài hamlet, and other places in what was then Bình An commune, today known as xã Tây Vinh, Tây Sơn District of Bình Định Province in South Vietnam. The Capital Division troops killed 380 villagers within an hour.
After the war the Gò Dài Memorial Tower for the victims was built in the village. The victims' names are listed on the stone monument.

</doc>
<doc id="30993472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993472" title="Binkie Stuart">
Binkie Stuart

Binkie Stuart (1932-2001) was a British film actor. During the 1930s she enjoyed brief fame as a child actor and was considered Britain's answer to Shirley Temple. 
Early life.
She was born as Elizabeth Alison Fraser in Kilmarnock. Her father was a musician and her mother was an actress.
In 1933, Stuart's parents entered her in a "Most Beautiful Baby" contest and won. She then enrolled in dancing classes and began her film career in 1936 when director Monty Banks was looking for a child actress to appear alongside George Formby in "Keep Your Seats Please" (1936). Despite Stuart's very young age, her dancing abilities landed her the part. "Binkie", the name of the character she played, became her stage name.
Film career.
For the next four years, she became a celebrity in the UK and large amounts of merchandise bearing her likeness were sold. She appeared in "Our Fighting Navy" (1937), "Splinters in the Air" (1937) and, with Ignacy Jan Paderewski, "Moonlight Sonata" (1937). She had more substantial roles in popular low-budget releases that imitated Shirley Temple's films. These included "Little Miss Somebody" (1937), in which she plays an orphan deprived of her inheritance by a villain, "Rose of Tralee" (1937), as an Irish singer, and "Little Dolly Daydream" (1938), in which she is a runaway child. Her biggest success was "My Irish Molly" (1938), in which she co-starred with Maureen O'Hara.
At only 7, her career came to an end. Plans to have Stuart visit the United States and seek acting roles in Hollywood were effectively ended by WWII. Stuart was one of two British child stars who were billed as the British Shirley Temple. The other was Hazel Ascot, whose career was also ended by the outbreak of the war.
Later life.
After her film career, she appeared in seaside shows accompanied by her parents, but at 15 refused to embark on a tour of continental Europe. Her irate father forced her to take a job as a receptionist in a dentist's office and by 21 he and Stuart's mother had divorced. Stuart never received a penny of the large sums of money made from her movies and her father refused all entreaties by her to give some of her earnings over (he had in fact squandered most of the money). Stuart then continued to work as a dental receptionist for years, marrying a television engineer (who died in 1980). Eventually she became a nurse until retiring in the 1990s.
Stuart died on August 15, 2001, aged 69.

</doc>
<doc id="30993473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993473" title="Bernard Rosenblum">
Bernard Rosenblum

Bernard Rosenblum (1927–2007) was a Master Craftsman Gilder and Art Restorer of the National Museums, the successor of the workshop Gainerie (word with no English translation:”Leather Crafts Arts”) Bettenfeld. He was awarded the Medal of deportation and detention policies as well as Commander of the Order of Civic Education.
Early life.
In 1940 he entered the School of Fine Arts d'Angers. Then in 1941, due to the emergency laws of the Vichy government, he was prohibited from all studies. At the end of the Second World War, at the great liberation, he successively discovered the craft of upholstering in the workshops Vial, Veil and Reperman in which he was employed as a foreman, but he found that the saddle and leather work was just a technical and commercial transaction. A little disillusioned, he abandoned, for a time, the craft of leatherwork. 
Having a strong attraction for the arts, especially painting and sculpture, he became a pupil of Alberto Giacometti and Emmanuel Mane-Katz, during the golden era of Montparnasse. A family friend, who was an upholsterer, entrusted to him in 1960 the work of restoration of leather antiques, allowing him to make a living during this period in Montparnasse. He rediscovered leather and fell in love with its history. At that time he was to begin a research on leather and leather goods, in museums and libraries, which would never cease throughout his life.
He settled in 1963, as Upholsterer-Gilder, Rue de Reuilly in Paris, in the Rue du Faubourg Saint-Antoine district. He quickly created an excellent reputation. In 1965 Suzanne Bettenfeld proposed to him the succession of the prestigious Bettenfeld Workshop, which then became the Workshop Bettenfeld-Rosenblum. He also never stopped collecting the tools that are essential to his craft, bookbinding tools, rollers and gilding plates. Including his participation with Roger Devauchelle to buy the workshop Gruel-Engelmann; he helped create one of the largest collections of postwar tools for gilding leather.
He became a preferred Master Restorer for the national museums and great decorators and antique dealers in France and elsewhere; his clients included General Charles de Gaulle, Jean Dutourd, Claude Levi-Strauss, King Hassan II of Morocco, the former court of Iran, and institutions such as the Army Museum, Rueil-Malmaison, Saumur, Versailles, the Paris Conservatoire. 
He died suddenly in 2007. His son, David Rosenblum, reopened the workshop in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="30993479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993479" title="Football in Oman">
Football in Oman

The sport of football in the country of Oman is run by the Oman Football Association. The association administers the national football team as well as the Omani League.

</doc>
<doc id="30993483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993483" title="Juraj Kledrowetz">
Juraj Kledrowetz

Juraj Kledrowetz is a Slovakian professional ice hockey defenceman who played with HK SKP Poprad in the Slovak Extraliga during the 2010–11 season.

</doc>
<doc id="30993485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993485" title="List of football clubs in Oman">
List of football clubs in Oman

Following is a list of football clubs located in Oman, sorted alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="30993486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993486" title="List of historical monuments in Romania">
List of historical monuments in Romania

The list of historical monuments in Romania includes major sites from the National Register of Historic Monuments in Romania which was created in 2004–2005. The National Register contains 29,540 historical monuments entered in the National Cultural Heritage of Romania and it is maintained by the Romanian National Institute of Historical Monuments, part of the Ministry of Culture and National Patrimony in Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="30993490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993490" title="Snowtorch">
Snowtorch

Snowtorch is the eighth studio album by American musician Phideaux Xavier. It was released March 21, 2011.
Track listing.
All songs 'discovered' by Phideaux Xavier, except "Celestine" by Mark Sherkus.

</doc>
<doc id="30993493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993493" title="Helpucover">
Helpucover

helpucover is an insurance company that specialises in mortgage protection and income protection insurance. helpucover also provides pet insurance, gap insurance and appliance warranty.
History.
helpucover is a trading style of Pinnacle Insurance plc - one of the UK's protection insurers.
Established in 1971, Pinnacle Insurance plc currently employ over 650 workers in the UK. 
The ultimate parent company is the BNP-Paribas.
helpucover in the News.
helpucover has been reported about as a insurer for mortgage insurance and income protection insurance on thisismoney.co.uk, Money Saving Expert and Money Supermarket.

</doc>
<doc id="30993500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993500" title="Ľubomír Malina">
Ľubomír Malina

Ľubomír Malina is a Slovakian professional ice hockey defenceman who played with HK SKP Poprad in the Slovak Extraliga during the 2010–11 season.

</doc>
<doc id="30993516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993516" title="Sturzkampfgeschwader 3">
Sturzkampfgeschwader 3

Sturzkampfgeschwader 3 (StG 3) was a "Luftwaffe" Dive bomber-wing of World War II. It was formed on 9 July 1940 in Dinard from the "Stab/Kampfgeschwader 28" and redesignated to "Schlachtgeschwader 3" on 18 October 1943.
See also.
Organization of the Luftwaffe during World War II

</doc>
<doc id="30993525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993525" title="Marek Bednar">
Marek Bednar

Marek Bednář (born October 24, 1991) is a Slovakian professional ice hockey defenceman who played with HK SKP Poprad in the Slovak Extraliga during the 2010–11 season.

</doc>
<doc id="30993527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993527" title="Wasserbillig Aquarium">
Wasserbillig Aquarium

The Wasserbillig Aquarium is located in Wasserbillig, a small town in the south west of Luxembourg on the German border. It consists of 15 tanks ranging in size from , with fish from all five continents in their natural surroundings. Among the more exotic varieties are angelfish, neon tetra, the colourful Japanese koi and percidae from South America. But there are also species from closer to home, including eel, bream, gudgeon, asp, tench and zander.
Set on a hill overlooking the River Sauer, the aquarium also has a restaurant and a children's playground. It is open from 10 am to 5 pm every day from Easter until the end of September, the rest of the year it is open only on Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays. 

</doc>
<doc id="30993536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993536" title="Booker Gliding Centre">
Booker Gliding Centre

Booker Gliding Club was formed in 1978 following the amalgamation of Thames Valley Gliding Club and Airways Flying Club. It is based at Wycombe Air Park. Trading as Booker Gliding Centre, it is a Community Amateur Sports Club and a member of the British Gliding Association.
The club flies on all suitable days of the year and launches from Wycombe Air Park using grass areas adjacent to the active runways. The club performs all launches by aerotow. Gliders and motor gliders using the airfield operate in the dead side of the powered circuit and must obey strict rules to avoid conflict with powered aircraft and helicopters.
Activities.
The club operates training for pilots of all abilities, running training courses and temporary memberships for those new to gliding. It also sells trial lessons for those wishing to try gliding without committing to a full course. Club members organise frequent expeditions to other gliding sites in the UK and abroad, and the club frequently hosts local and national competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="30993557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993557" title="2010–11 Maltese First Division">
2010–11 Maltese First Division

The 2010–11 Maltese First Division (also known as 2010–11 BOV 1st Division due to sponsorship reasons) began on 23 October 2010 and will conclude on 1 May 2011.
Due to a in-season change regarding the league system, the third-placed team of this season will be promoted to the Maltese Premier League, along with the regular two promotees.
Teams.
Marsaxlokk as 2009–10 champions and Vittoriosa Stars as runners–up were promoted to the 2010–11 Premier League. They were replaced by Dingli and Msida, who were relegated at the end of the 2009–10 Maltese Premier League after finishing in the bottom two places of the table.
On the other end of the table, ninth-placed St. Patrick and last-placed San Gwann were relegated at the end of the 2009–10 season. They were replaced by 2009–10 Second Division champions Lija and runners-up St. Andrew's.
Below is a list of all ten teams participating in the 2010–11 season:
On the 13th March 2011, Msida Saint-Joseph F.C. were mathematically relegated to the 2nd Division following a 4-0 drubbing at the hands of Mosta F.C..

</doc>
<doc id="30993564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993564" title="Maroš Žemba">
Maroš Žemba

Maroš Žemba (born September 25, 1986) is a Slovakian professional ice hockey defenceman who played with HK SKP Poprad in the Slovak Extraliga during the 2010–11 season.

</doc>
<doc id="30993573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993573" title="The Tell-Tale Brain">
The Tell-Tale Brain

"The Tell-Tale Brain: A Neuroscientist's Quest for What Makes Us Human" is a 2010 nonfiction book by V. S. Ramachandran that explores, from a neurological viewpoint, the uniqueness of human nature. Ramachandran explores various aspects of visual perception and cognition to argue that humans are unique among species. For example, he notes that although animals show cortical remapping after the loss of a limb, the plasticity seen in the human brain (after amputation) is much more dramatic.
Ramachandran discusses seven main concepts which define the human aspect of self and how each may be disrupted by a specific neurological disorder. The concepts are: unity, continuity, embodiment, privacy, social embedding, free-will, and self-awareness.
Reception.
"Tell-Tale Brain" was on the New York Times best-seller list (Number 32 on the Hardcover Nonfiction list) and received both positive and critical reviews. The book won the 2010 Vodafone Crossword Book Award (Non-Fiction).
Controversy.
In a review for Cognitive Neuropsychiatry (July 11, 2012) Professor Peter Brugger (Neurology, University Hospital, Zurich) criticized the Tell-Tale Brain as a pop-neuroscience book that provides vague answers to big questions. In the same issue of Cognitive Neuropsychiatry V.S. Ramachandran answered Brugger's criticism in an Author Response. Ramachandran argues that Brugger's approach to science has been focused on only a few topics and that he (Ramachandran) has taken a much broader approach. Ramachandran states that "I have --for better or worse-- roamed the whole landscape of visual perception, stereopsis, phantom limbs, denial of paralysis, Capgras syndrome, synaesthesia, and many others."
Professor Greg Hickok (Cognitive Sciences, UC Irvine) has reported this exchange on his web site (Talkingbrains.org) and he is conducting an informal poll to determine the reaction of scientists who have read the book.
Positive Reviews.
Oliver Sacks writes “No one is better than V. S. Ramachandran at combining minute, careful observation with ingenious experiments and bold, adventurous theorizing. The Tell-Tale Brain is Ramachandran at his best, a profoundly intriguing and compelling guide to the intricacies of the human brain.”
Allan Snyder, Director of the Center for the Mind, said that the books is: “A masterpiece. The best of its kind and beautifully crafted. Alluring story telling, building to a penetrating understanding of what it is to be uniquely human. Ramachandran is the foremost pioneer—the Galileo—of neurocognition.”
Norman Doidge, M.D., author of The Brain That Changes Itself praised the book by saying:“Ramachandran is the modern wizard of neuroscience. In The Tell-Tale Brain, we see the genius at work, tackling extraordinary cases, many of which mark turning points in neuroscientific knowledge. We see him hypothesizing, experimenting, failing, having epiphanies, experimenting, succeeding. In this utterly entertaining account, we see how these fascinating cases fit together, and how he uses them to explain, from a Darwinian point of view, how our brains, though evolved from those of other animals, become neurologically distinct and fundamentally human.”
In the Sunday Times, James McConnachie writes: "When VS Ramachandran, one of the world’s most influential neurologists, wants to get inside a human head, he doesn’t reach for his scalpel or MRI scanner. Instead, like Sherlock Holmes (to whom he is often compared), he seizes on an oddity in a case study, then begins a pleasing process of deduction interspersed with leaps of excitingly creative thought. This absorbing book charts the acclaimed experiments he has performed around the world and at the University of California’s cutting-edge Centre for the Brain, and explains how they have helped unravel the workings of the human mind."
Critical Reviews.
In his review for the American Scientist, Simon Baron-Cohen, Professor of Developmental Psychopathology at Cambridge University, said he found the book stimulating and enjoyable but questioned the validity of Ramachandran's views on the importance of mirror neurons. In particular, Baron-Cohen took issue with Ramachandran's well known prediction "... that mirror neurons will do for psychology what DNA did for biology: they will provide a unifying framework and help explain a host of mental abilities that have hitherto remained mysterious and inaccessible to experiments.” Baron-Cohen stated "Whether has overstated the importance of mirror neurons and will decide to retract this statement remains to be seen." Baron-Cohen, who is Director of the Autism Research Center at Cambridge University, pointed out that Ramachandran has failed to acknowledge the experimental evidence that contradicts his theory that dysfunctional mirror neurons play a significant role in autism. Baron-Cohen writes "There are also clinical and experimental reasons for being skeptical of the broken-mirror theory of autism... As an explanation of autism, the [Broken Mirror theory offers some tantalizing clues; however, some problematic counter-evidence challenges the theory and particularly its scope."
In the New York Times, Anthony Gottlieb criticized Ramachandran for not mentioning that his ideas about the importance of mirror neurons are controversial:
"Although Ramachandran admits that his account of the significance of mirror neurons is speculative, he doesn’t let on just how controversial it is. In the past four years, a spate of studies has dented every part of the mirror-neuron story. Doubt has been cast on the idea that imitation and the understanding of actions depend on mirror neurons, and on the theory that autism involves a defect in these systems of cells. It has even been claimed that the techniques used to detect the activity of mirror neurons have been widely misinterpreted. Ramachandran may have good reason to discount these skeptical studies, but he surely should have mentioned them."
Nicholas Shakespeare, the well-known British writer, felt that Ramachandran did not fully engage the ideas presented in the book:
"Ramachandran wanders along intriguing neural pathways, pausing to investigate strange disorders, but he leaves the impression that he is an explorer who has yet to leave the coast. Further, he appears not fully to appreciate that the interior of this vast continent he is mapping may be at war. His book is intermittently fascinating, but is not important in the way of Iain McGilchrist The Master and His Emissary, last year’s magisterial study of the brain’s two opposed hemispheres, which it nicely (though unintentionally) complements – even to the extent of using some of the same illustrations."
In his review for the Wall Street Journal, Raymond Tallis, emeritus professor of geriatric medicine at the University of Manchester complained that Ramachandran has failed to provide the research needed to back up his theories:
"The trouble begins when the neuro logist turns philosopher and tries to use these insights to get closer to "what makes us human." He suggests that such cross-wiring underpins both humans' ability to enjoy metaphors and artists' capacity to create novel connections—an assertion that has scarcely any research to back it up. (What little has been done depends on laughably simplistic models of how metaphors and creativity really work.) Likewise, his explanation of how we became speaking animals has scarcely a toe-hold on empirical data."

</doc>
<doc id="30993580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993580" title="Jack Cristil">
Jack Cristil

Jack Cristil is the long-time radio voice of Mississippi State University Bulldog men's basketball and football. Born in Memphis, TN to Latvian and Russian immigrants, Cristil listened to radio stations from Pittsburgh, PA, St. Louis, MO, and Chicago, IL at a young age and knew then he wanted to be a radio broadcaster. He began his duties for bulldog football play-by-play in 1953. He officially announced his retirement on February 23, 2011 after 58 years behind the mic. Over his 58 year tenure, Cristil called 636 football games (or roughly 63% of all football games played by Mississippi State) and 1,538 basketball games (or roughly 55% of all basketball games played by Mississippi State).
Career.
In 1947, Cristil studied Broadcast Journalism at the University of Minnesota before moving back home to Memphis. Shortly thereafter, Cristil began his radio play-by-play career calling Minor League Baseball in various places such as Jackson, Tennessee; Anniston, Alabama; and Memphis, Tennessee. He then moved to Clarksdale, MS to call Clarksdale High School football games.
Cristil submitted an audition tape to then MSU Athletic Director C.R. “Dudy” Noble in August 1953. In September 1953, Cristil began calling Mississippi State football games. His first play-by-play was a 34-6 Mississippi State win over the University of Memphis.
In 1957, Cristil began calling play-by-play for men's basketball. His first was a win over Union University in Jackson, Tennessee, the city where he began his broadcasting career.
Retirement.
Cristil announced his retirement after the men's basketball game against Louisiana State University on February 23, 2011. Cristil cited health issues as his reason for stepping down after 58 years. He addressed the fans after the broadcast for almost two minutes, expressing thanks and appreciation to the Mississippi State fan base.

</doc>
<doc id="30993581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993581" title="Róbert Ujčík">
Róbert Ujčík

Róbert Ujčík (born 19 September 1989 in Poprad) is a Slovak football striker who currently plays for ŠK SFM Senec, on loan from MFK Košice.

</doc>
<doc id="30993607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993607" title="National Malaria Eradication Program">
National Malaria Eradication Program

In the United States, the National Malaria Eradication Program (NMEP) was launched on 1 July 1947. This federal program — with state and local participation — had succeeded in eradicating malaria in the United States by 1951.
History.
Prior to the establishment of the NMEP, malaria had been endemic across much of the United States. By the 1930s, it had become concentrated in 13 southeastern states. (For example, in the Tennessee River Valley it had a prevalence of about 30% in 1933.) 
A national malaria eradication effort was originally proposed by Louis Laval Williams. The NMEP was directed by the federal Communicable Disease Center (now the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, or CDC) created in 1946 and based in Atlanta, Georgia. It was a cooperative undertaking by federal, state and local health agencies. The Program had evolved from the Office of Malaria Control in War Areas, which had been created in 1942 to suppress malaria near military bases in the United States during World War II. The CDC’s first director – Justin M. Andrews -- was also Georgia’s chief malariologist.
The new agency was a branch of the U.S. Public Health Service and Atlanta was chosen as its headquarters because malaria was locally endemic. Offices were located on the sixth floor of the Volunteer Building on Peachtree Street. With an annual budget of about $1 million, some 59% of its personnel were engaged in mosquito abatement and habitat control. Among its 369 employees, the main jobs at CDC at this time were entomology and engineering. In 1946, there were only seven medical officers on duty and an early organization chart was drawn, somewhat fancifully, in the shape of a mosquito. 
During the CDC's first few years, more than 6,500,000 homes were sprayed with the insecticide DDT. DDT was applied to the interior surfaces of rural homes or entire premises in counties where malaria was reported to have been prevalent in recent years. In addition, wetland drainage, removal of mosquito breeding sites, and DDT spraying (occasionally from aircraft) were all pursued. In 1947, some 15,000 malaria cases were reported. By the end of 1949, over 4,650,000 housespray applications had been made and the United States was declared free of malaria as a significant public health problem. By 1950, only 2,000 cases were reported. By 1951, malaria was considered eliminated altogether from the country and the CDC gradually withdrew from active participation in the operational phases of the program, shifting its interest to surveillance. In 1952, CDC participation in eradication operations ceased altogether.
A major international effort along the lines of the NMEP — the Global Malaria Eradication Programme (1955–1969), administered by the World Health Organization — was unsuccessful.

</doc>
<doc id="30993608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993608" title="Lake Dubrava">
Lake Dubrava

Lake Dubrava () is a reservoir on the Drava in northern Croatia. It is administratively divided between Međimurje County and Varaždin County, and is bordered by the municipalities of Prelog, Sveti Đurđ and Veliki Bukovec. The Drava flows into the reservoir near the town of Prelog, while the dam is located near the village of Sveta Marija.
It is the largest of four reservoirs built on the Drava, the other three being Lake Ptuj in Slovenia, Lake Ormož on the Croatian-Slovenian border, and Lake Varaždin. Lakes Ormož, Varaždin and Dubrava form the Hydro North group of reservoirs and hydro power plants run by the HEP Group. Lake Dubrava serves the Dubrava Hydro Power Plant, which was built in 1989.
With an area of 17.1 km², it is the second largest lake overall in Croatia, and also the country's largest artificial lake.
The town of Prelog is the only settlement on the shores of the lake, with other nearby villages including Otok, Oporovec, Donji Mihaljevec and Sveta Marija in Međimurje County, as well as Hrženica and Struga in Varaždin County. Lake Dubrava takes its name from the village of Donja Dubrava, which is located next to the place where the lake's outflow canal meets the natural flow of the Drava, around 6 kilometres from the dam.
Tourism.
Lake Dubrava is a popular destination for anglers. Near the town of Prelog, there is also a small marina on the lake, with a number of log cabins and a small airfield for powered hang gliders on the shores of the Drava nearby.

</doc>
<doc id="30993611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993611" title="Martin Dubaj">
Martin Dubaj

Martin Dubaj is a Slovakian professional ice hockey defenceman who played with HK SKP Poprad in the Slovak Extraliga during the 2010–11 season.

</doc>
<doc id="30993624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993624" title="Einar-Fredrik Ofstad">
Einar-Fredrik Ofstad

Einar-Fredrik Ofstad (6 May 1916–1998) was a Norwegian diplomat.
He was born in Rjukan, and after taking the examen artium he studied at Cambridge University for a period and participated as an officer in the Norwegian Campaign near Voss in 1940, before graduating with the cand.jur. degree in law in 1941. He was a police superintendent in Bergen from 1941 to 1942, worked in the National Insurance Administration from 1942 to 1943 at the same time as he participated in the Norwegian resistance to German occupation. He had to flee to Sweden in 1944, and continued to England where he served in the Norwegian High Command and the Ministry of Defence-in-exile. He was decorated with the Defence Medal 1940–1945.
He was hired in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1946. He served as an Attaché in the United Kingdom from 1946 to 1948, Vice-Consul in Chicago from 1948 to 1951 and secretary in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs from 1951 to 1953. He was a First Secretary in Turkey and the Netherlands before working as Head of Division in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs from 1960 to 1964, Counsellor in West Germany from 1964 to 1968, Deputy Director General in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs from 1968 to 1971 and Director General from 1971 to 1973. He served as the Norwegian ambassador to West Germany from 1973 to 1977 and Austria from 1977 to 1984.
He was decorated as a Commander of the Order of St. Olav, and held the honorary token of the Norwegian Red Cross. He was a Roman Catholic, and a Knight of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta from 1977. He died in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="30993635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993635" title="Democrats for Andorra">
Democrats for Andorra

Democrats for Andorra () is the governing political party in Andorra.
They stood as the main opposition party in the 2011 Andorran General Election, being the direct successor of the Reformist Coalition who ran in the 2009 election, and won 20 of the General Council's 28 seats, the largest majority since the passing of the Andorran Constitution in 1993. 
They were formed from a union of the Liberal Party of Andorra and New Centre, with elements of the Social Democratic Party, and are supported by Lauredian Union.
They are led by Antoni Martí, who serves as Andorra's Prime Minister.

</doc>
<doc id="30993639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993639" title="2000 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship">
2000 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship

The 2000 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship (known at that time as 2000 European Championship for Young Men) was the fifth edition of the FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship. The city of Ohrid, in the Republic of Macedonia, hosted the tournament. Slovenia won their first title.
Preliminary round.
The twelve teams were allocated in two groups of six teams each.

</doc>
<doc id="30993643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993643" title="Cats FM">
Cats FM

Cats FM (CATS FM) is a private FM radio station airing from Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak, Malaysia. The radio covers areas of Sarawak and certain parts of Sabah, Labuan, West Kalimantan and Brunei. The radio airs in Malay, Iban, and English.
Cats FM's programme schedule listings are carried on Kosmo! newspaper as of July 2012.
Program line-up.
Special programs.
Pantun Sarawak (Bermukun).
It is announced in February 2011 that Cats FM will re-air the traditional "Pantun Sarawak" after an absence of two years. The "Pantun Sarawak" also known as "bermukun" or "berpantun" is a Sarawakian art, not only confined to the Malays but also to other ethnics as well. The program airs every Friday from 9.30pm-11pm, with presenters Cassie and Wan KAK.
CATS Exposed.
CATS Exposed is a segment that features Sarawakian acts that aired since 2008. Interested acts may send the radio their demos and the radio then will air their songs. Also, on Sundays (11 a.m) there is a chart program that features these local acts.
Anugerah Juara Rentak Ruai (Ajarr).
Ajarr is an annual song competition organized by Cats FM since 2008. The competition is equivalent to Anugerah Juara Lagu organized by TV3. The latest Ajarr, the Sixth Ajarr was won by Gabriel Fairuz Louis, through his song, 'Genggam Jariku' (Hold My Hands).
Frequencies.
Cats FM also can be listened online at [http://catsfm.my].

</doc>
<doc id="30993649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993649" title="Conrado Dess">
Conrado Dess

Conrado Dess (born August 3, 1991 in São José do Rio Preto, Brazil) is a Brazilian singer, songwriter, actor and record producer.
Dess got his start in his hometown, where he sang gospel songs in church throughout his childhood. At age 14, he started taking singing lessons to refine his singing voice.
He spent the next few years maintaining a MySpace profile where he uploaded various self-written tracks. His independent first single "Glamorous California" was released on MySpace in 2009 and became an internet hit.
In January 2011 "Glamorous California" was re-released as a digital single through Island Def Jam Digital Distribution. Dess's second single, "We Live 4 Those Moments", was released on Myspace in February 2011. Thoughtout the year of 2011 Dess released two more independent singles: "All Think I of Is You" and his first song in Portuguese, "O Que Te Faz Viver".
Conrado is currently studying drama at Escola de Comunicações e Artes da Universidade de São Paulo in São Paulo.

</doc>
<doc id="30993650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993650" title="Boris Cvjetanović">
Boris Cvjetanović

Boris Cvjetanović (born 1953 in Zagreb) is a Croatian photographer. He lives and works in Zagreb, Croatia.
From 1976 to 1984 he worked as a restoration sculptor at the Croatian Restoration Institute. From 1981 he started publishing his photographs in student papers (Student Paper, Polet). In 1984 he quit his restoration job and began his professional photographic career as a freelance independent artist. His development as an artistic photographer is linked to the PM group, (authors linked to the Extended Media Gallery, Zagreb). His photographs often focus on marginal areas of the urban social context.
Since 1981 he has had many solo and group exhibitions in Croatia and abroad. Together with Ana Opalić, he was the Croatian representative at the 50th Venice Biennale. He has also published photographs in numerous newspapers and journals. In Japan he received the Nikon Camera Co. Award for his exhibition "-ism '95", at The 1st Tokyo International Photo-Biennale. In Croatia he received the Grand Prix at the "Croatian Photography" exhibition in 1997, along with the Homo Volans Award.
Cvjetanović's photographs are part of the collections at the Museum of Contemporary Art, Zagreb, Tokyo Metropolitan Museum of Photography, Croatian History Museum, Gallery Dante Marino Cettina, Museum of Modern and Contemporary Art in Rijeka, Art Gallery in Split, and in numerous private collections.

</doc>
<doc id="30993655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993655" title="Miroslav Ficko">
Miroslav Ficko

Miroslav Ficko is a Slovakian professional ice hockey defenceman who played with HK SKP Poprad in the Slovak Extraliga during the 2010–11 season. 
,Na strednej škole bol super, musim uznat az na ten jeho uces, ale ked sa clovek tak zamysli, a to nemusi ani mysliet, tak da sa zhodnotit, ze mali sme ho radi!" (Mloki)

</doc>
<doc id="30993667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993667" title="Stanislav Jasečko">
Stanislav Jasečko

Stanislav Jasečko (born December 5, 1972) is a Slovakian professional ice hockey defenceman who played with HK SKP Poprad in the Slovak Extraliga during the 2010–11 season.

</doc>
<doc id="30993668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993668" title="Eugen von Zimmerer">
Eugen von Zimmerer

Eugen Ritter von Zimmerer (24 November 1843 - 10 March 1918) was a governor of the German colony of Kamerun between 1890 and 1893.
Early career.
Zimmerer was born on 24 November 1843 in Germersheim, the son of a Bavarian officer.
He attended high school in Bayreuth, and from 1861 studied law at the universities of Würzburg and Heidelberg. While in Würzburg, he was a member of the "Corps Bavaria Würzburg", the oldest of German student associations.
Zimmerer began his legal career as an assistant in the District Court in Bayreuth. He held the positions of public prosecutor at the District Court of Straubing (1874), District Court Judge in Starnberg (1876), State Prosecutor at the district court in Bayreuth (1878), State Prosecutor at the Regional Court of Munich (1879) and Judge of the Regional Court of Munich (1886).
West Africa.
Zimmerer joined the colonial service in 1887, and was appointed acting chancellor and deputy governor of Kamerun.
The Governor of the colony, Julius Freiherr von Soden, posted him to relieve the exploratory expedition of Captain Richard Kund. In October 1888 he was appointed imperial commissioner for Togo.
While in Togo, he became friendly with Manga Ndumbe Bell, the son and heir of King Ndumbe Lobe Bell of the Duala people of Kamerun.
Manga had been exiled to Togo by Freiherr von Soden on the grounds of being a "bad influence".
In 1890 Zimmerer returned to Kamerun as acting governor, and in April 1891 was appointed governor.
Zimmerer was more concerned with consolidating the finances of the colony, and with gradually developing the territories that had already been occupied than with further expansion.
Under Zimmerer, the Germans abandoned attempts to enter the principal Bell trading region in the Mungo River valley and turned instead to the Sanaga River, which they closed to all native traders.
This resulted in a long-running dispute with the explorer Eugen Zintgraff who had made an agreement with the Foreign Office in 1890 to establish a system of posts in the Western High Plateau of Cameroon.
Zimmerer was removed from Cameroon in 1893 after a mutiny of police soldiers, and on 20 July 1895 was allowed to temporarily retire due to health considerations.
Later career.
Zimmerer's subsequent posts were Consul in Florianopolis, Brazil (1898), General Consul in Valparaiso, Chile (1902), Minister Resident in Port-au-Prince, Haiti (1906), with title and rank of Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary from 1907.
On 24 December 1910 he finally retired at his own request, and moved to Frankfurt am Main, where he died eight years later.

</doc>
<doc id="30993670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993670" title="Ernst Hodel junior">
Ernst Hodel junior

Ernst Hodel junior (July 29, 1881 – October 5, 1955) was a Swiss painter and son of the landscapist Ernst Hodel senior.
Life.
He was born in Lucerne, Switzerland. Like his father before him, Ernst Hodel (the younger) quickly developed a great dedication and love to painting in his early youth. Having always been fascinated by the work of his father, he announced after finishing school that he wanted to follow in his footsteps. However, his father did not echo his enthusiasm for a career of his own. The boy nevertheless continued to help out in the studio occasional pursuing personal projects and painted whatever his passion urged him to. During this time - before his twenties - the young man created a panoramic view of the Mont-Blanc for his father’s museum entirely on his own. The important question of his future however remained undecided. Then one day, as luck would have it, Ferdinand Hodler - the famous Swiss painter - visited his old friend Ernst Hodel senior, who showed him some of his son’s work.
His father may have never shared Holder’s praise for Ernst Hodel junior’s work, but soon after he allowed his son to start an apprenticeship at the Royal Academy of Fine Arts in Munich. Once he had finished his studies, his travels lead him to Paris and Milan; this was however cut short, as only a few years later his father died and he returned to Lucerne. Indeed he had to, for he shared his father’s passion for the pastoral and idyllic landscape of the Innerschweiz and also wanted to finish his monumental work, that is the large scale panoramic views of the Alps in the Alpineum.
Literature.
Carl Brun: Schweizerisches Künstler-Lexikon. Band 2, Huber, Frauenfeld 1908.

</doc>
<doc id="30993678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993678" title="Mustard Seed Academy">
Mustard Seed Academy

Mustard Seed Academy (or MSA, also マスタードシードアカデミー) is both a prep school (or yobiko in Japanese, 予備校) for Japanese university entrance examinations, known for its strong emphasis in English language education, as well as a continuing English education resource for university-level students and adults. It was founded in 2005 in Tokyo, Japan, by author and teacher Hajime Nakazawa (中澤一) with the specific goal of helping students whose goal is to enter the top universities in Japan, such as Keio University, Waseda University, Sophia University, ICU, Tokyo University, etc.
Curriculum.
Since 2008, other classes have been added to the preparatory curriculum including Japanese History, World History, Japanese Classics, Chinese Classics, Modern Japanese, Japanese Short Essay Writing, and Mathematics.
The more-advanced, adult English courses are taught by English instructor Ian Shen, an American. These courses include TOEIC® study courses, speech and presentation, and other business courses dealing with the practical use of English in daily life.
Recent.
As of 2010, MSA began offering classes at their new campus location in Shizuoka City in Shizuoka Prefecture. 
Beginning in 2011, MSA plans to integrate the use of Apple iPads in the education curriculum.

</doc>
<doc id="30993696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993696" title="Tomáš Nádašdi">
Tomáš Nádašdi

Tomáš Nádašdi (born May 14, 1980) is a Slovakian professional ice hockey defenceman who played with HK SKP Poprad in the Slovak Extraliga during the 2010–11 season.

</doc>
<doc id="30993703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993703" title="1,2-Dioxane">
1,2-Dioxane

1,2-Dioxane or o-dioxane is a chemical compound with the molecular formula C4H8O2.

</doc>
<doc id="30993705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993705" title="1,3-Dioxane">
1,3-Dioxane

1,3-Dioxane or m-dioxane is a chemical compound with the molecular formula C4H8O2.
1,3-Dioxanes and 1,3-dioxolanes are prepared from carbonyl compounds with 1,3-propanediol or 1,2-ethanediol in the presence of Brönsted or Lewis acid catalysts.

</doc>
<doc id="30993718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993718" title="Alpineum">
Alpineum

The Alpineum is a museum and diorama of the Alps in Lucerne, Switzerland.
History.
In 1885, Ernst Hodel senior purchased the building that formerly housed the "Lion-Monument-Museum". His plan was to make a permanent exhibition of the large scale landscape paintings of the Alps that he loved. With the help of his son Ernst Hodel junior, he realized a series depicting the Alps, which debuted in May 1901 under the name Alpineum. The paintings occupy a surface of more than five hundred square meters, offering beautiful and unique insight into the world of the Swiss Alps.
Despite Ernst Hodel the younger passing in 1955, the Alpineum continued operation under his descendants and is still open today.

</doc>
<doc id="30993753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993753" title="Marleen Barth">
Marleen Barth

Magdalena Antoinette Maria (Marleen) Barth (born March 21, 1964 in Den Helder) is a Dutch politician of the Labour Party (PvdA) and trade unionist, and a former journalist. 
Biography.
Barth studied political science, with a specialty in public administration, at the University of Amsterdam. She worked as a parliamentary reporter for "Trouw" (1990-1997), was a member of the House of Representatives (1998-2002), a member of the States-Provincial of North Holland (2003-2004) and chair of CNV Onderwijs (Christian teachers' union) (2005-2008). She has been chair of GGZ Nederland (organisation for mental health) since 2008. 
She was "lijsttrekker" for the Labour Party in the Dutch Senate election of 2011. Since June 7, 2011 she has been a member of the Senate as well as Senate group leader of the Labour Party.
Personal life.
Marleen Barth is married to former D66 MP Jan Hoekema (second marriage for both), since 2007 mayor of Wassenaar.

</doc>
<doc id="30993790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993790" title="Siosifa Tuʻitupou Tuʻutafaiva">
Siosifa Tuʻitupou Tuʻutafaiva

Siosifa Tuʻitupou Tuʻutafaiva is a Tongan lawyer and politician.
Biography.
Tuʻutafaiva has served as an advocate lawyer in a number of high-profile cases. In 2001, he represented ʻAkilisi Pohiva, the main leader of Tonga's pro-democracy movement, when the latter was sued for defamation. Pohiva, a Member of Parliament, was the editor, owner and publisher of the "Keleʻa" pro-democracy newspaper, in which an article in late 1998 alleged that the Auditor General, Pohiva Tuʻiʻonetoa, had lied and "altered the correct result of independent examination". A jury found for ʻAkilisi Pohiva in the Supreme Court, on the grounds that the article was not malicious, and the Court of Appeal upheld the judgment.
He began a career in national politics when he was elected People's Representative to Parliament for the constituency of Tongatapu 6 in the November 2010 general election, standing as a candidate for the Democratic Party of the Friendly Islands. He obtained 26.5% of the vote in his constituency, seeing off fourteen other candidates. It was a narrow victory; he obtained just four votes more than fellow candidate Siosaia Moehau.
He continued to work as a lawyer, and was defence counsel in two significant cases shortly after his election. He represented the "Keleʻa" newspaper again when it was sued for defamation by Clive Edwards, Minister of Public Enterprises and Revenue, who accused its editor, Mateni Tapueluelu, and its publisher, Laucala Pohiva Tapueluelu, of having falsely written that he was a member of a "secret" political party. Specifically, Edwards alleged that the false story had contributed to his losing his seat in Parliament in the 2010 general election. (He remained in Cabinet nonetheless, as an appointee.) Tuʻutafaiva represented the Tapueluelus, while Edwards, a lawyer, represented himself. The case began in the Magistrate's Court in late January 2011. The case began fairly poorly for Tuʻutafaiva, when one of the first witnesses he called failed to corroborate the defendants' version of events. A few days later, he was defence counsel in a case which the "Times of Tonga" described as "set to be one of Tonga’s most watched trials in recent history". The case, beginning before the Supreme Court, was a criminal trial over the sinking of the "MV Princess Ashika", an inter-island ferry which sank in August 2009 with seventy-four fatalities. Five persons, and the Shipping Corporation of Polynesia, were charged primarily with manslaughter by negligence over the death of one of the passengers, Vae Fetuʻu Taufa. Tuʻutafaiva served as counsel for two of the accused: captain Makahokovalu Tuputupu and first mate Semisi Pomale.
On 2 February 2013, Prime Minister Lord Tuʻivakano appointed him Minister for Police, Prisons and Fire Services, and Minister for Revenue Services, his first ministerial appointments.

</doc>
<doc id="30993793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993793" title="Inniyenkilum">
Inniyenkilum

Inniyenkilum is a 1983 Malayalam film directed by I.V. Sasi. It stars T.G. Ravi, Mohanlal, Mammootty, Ratheesh, Lalu Alex, Ravindran, Seema, Rani Padmini, Balan K. Nair, Captain Raju, Vincent, Sankaradi. Dialogue and Screenplay are by T. Damodaran.

</doc>
<doc id="30993827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993827" title="List of Presidents of the II Chamber of the Landtag of Saxony">
List of Presidents of the II Chamber of the Landtag of Saxony

The President of the II Chamber of the Landtag of Saxony was the presiding officer of the lower chamber of that legislature.

</doc>
<doc id="30993832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993832" title="Carlo Maria Maggi">
Carlo Maria Maggi

Carlo Maria Maggi (Milan, 1630 – Milan, 1699) was an Italian scholar, writer and poet. Despite being an Accademia della Crusca affiliate, he gained his fame as an author of "dialectal" works (poems and plays) in Milanese language, for which he is considered the father of Milanese literature. Maggi's work was a major inspiration source for later Milanese scholars such as Carlo Porta and Giuseppe Parini.
His prominent works belong to the commedia dell'arte theatrical genre. Some of Maggi's most famous plays in Milanese are "Il manco male" (1695), "Il Barone di Birbanza" (1696), "I consigli di Meneghino" (1697), "Il falso filosofo" (1698), and "Concorso de' Meneghini" (1699). This last work may be considered as a sort of manifesto of dialectal poetry, as it explicitly celebrates the virtues of the Milanese language: "che apposta la pär fä / par dì la veritä" ("which seems as if it was specifically designed to tell the truth"). This equation between the Milanese language (and people) and sincerity is clearly embodied in the "commedia" character of Meneghino, which is supposedly Maggi's creation, and was later developed by other authors (most notably Carlo Porta) to eventually become a prominent symbol of Milan and the Milanese for antonomasia. Another recurring theme of Milanese literature first established by Maggi's works is the celebration of the "verzee" (Milan's vegetable market) as the place where the spirit of the city was most genuinely expressed.

</doc>
<doc id="30993862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993862" title="Miljenko Stančić">
Miljenko Stančić

Miljenko Stančić (1 March 1926 – 13 May 1977), was a Croatian painter and graphic artist. He is famous for his vast painting oeuvre of Varaždin cityscapes. 
Along with Ljubo Ivančić, Ivan Kožarić, Valerije Michieli and Josip Vaništa, he was a member of the Grupe Petorice (Group of Five) which was active in the 1950s in Zagreb. Besides painting, he also did illustrations for newspapers, books and magazines, as well as scenography (he was a scenographer for "In Agony", a play by Miroslav Krleža, 1959). He was an assistant professor at the Academy of Fine Arts, University of Zagreb (1961), and was appointed full professor in 1970 (where he worked until 1977). Three documentaries about Stančić have been made to date: "Miljenko Stančić" (directed by Ante Viculin, TV Zagreb, 1960), "Figures of Children in Miljenko Stančić’s Paintings" (directed by Eduard Galić, TV Zagreb, 1963) and "Miljenko Stančić" (directed by Mira Wolf, TV Zagreb, 1987). 
He exhibited at many shows in Croatia and abroad, including: "Group of Five", Museum of Arts and Crafts (Zagreb, 1955), "Modern Yugoslav Painting" (Edinburgh, Coventry, Manchester, Leicester, 1957), "60 Years of Croatian Painting and Sculpture", Art Pavilion (Zagreb, 1961), "Studio 65", Galerie (Bruxelles, 1967), Museum of Arts and Crafts, (Zagreb, solo exhibition, 1971), "Croatian Cityscape Painters from Bukovac to the Present Day", Art Gallery (Dubrovnik, 1981). Several retrospective exhibitions of Stančić’s work have been organized to date at the Museum of Contemporary Art (Belgrade, 1966), HAZU – Croatian Academy of Sciences and Arts (Zagreb, 1970), and in the Town Museum of Varaždin, "Miljenko Stančić – Retrospective Exhibition: Paintings, Drawings, Graphics 1942–1977",(1996) and "Hommage – Miljenko Stančić 1977–2007", (2007–2008). 
He received many awards for his work, including the City of Zagreb Award (1959), the Award for Painting at the 2nd Fine Arts Triennial, (Belgrade, 1964), and the annual Vladimir Nazor Award (1971). 
The Miljenko Stančić Collection belongs to the Town Museum in Varaždin, Croatia.

</doc>
<doc id="30993863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993863" title="Ernie Baker">
Ernie Baker

Earnest Gould Baker (1875–1945) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. He played in one game for the 1905 Cincinnati Reds on August 18, 1905. He pitched four innings in the game, allowing seven hits and 4 runs.

</doc>
<doc id="30993890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993890" title="Jezero, Trebnje">
Jezero, Trebnje

Jezero is a village east of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia in the Municipality of Trebnje. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia statistical region.
Church.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Peter and belongs to the Parish of Trebnje. It dates to at least the 14th century and contains traces of 15th-century frescos.

</doc>
<doc id="30993913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993913" title="Ollie Johns">
Ollie Johns

Oliver Tracy Johns (August 21, 1879 – June 17, 1961) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. He played in four games for the 1905 Cincinnati Reds. He is buried with his wife Nina in the Miltonville Cemetery in Miltonville, Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="30993927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993927" title="Iriški Venac TV Tower">
Iriški Venac TV Tower

Iriški Venac TV Tower () is a 170 metres tall TV tower built of concrete on Iriški Venac near Novi Sad, Serbia. It consists of a 120 metres tall concrete structure with two baskets on which the 30 metres long section with FM-antennas and on the pinnacle the 20 metres long TV antenn is placed.
History.
The tower was built in 1975 and its lower basket was partly destroyed in 1999 NATO bombing of Yugoslavia. The damage was estimated at 11.5 million dollars.

</doc>
<doc id="30993944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993944" title="2011–12 Phoenix Coyotes season">
2011–12 Phoenix Coyotes season

The 2011–12 Phoenix Coyotes season was the franchise’s 33rd season in the National Hockey League (NHL), their 40th overall and the 16th in Phoenix, Arizona.
Off-season.
On May 10, 2011, the Glendale City Council voted (by a 5–2 count) to keep the Coyotes in Arizona for the 2011–12 season on an interim basis while they try to find a new owner to keep the team in Glendale. Before this vote, there was widespread speculation that the team would be re-locating back to Winnipeg before the start of the 2011-12 NHL season. Potential owner Matthew Hulsizer ended his bid to purchase the Coyotes on June 27, leaving no current potential buyers of the team, once again leaving the Coyotes' future in question.
Pending free agent goaltender Ilya Bryzgalov was traded to the Philadelphia Flyers prior to the start of free agency.
The Coyotes ended their minor-league affiliation with the San Antonio Rampage and signed an affiliation with the Portland Pirates.
Regular season.
The Coyotes finished with their third straight 90-point season, with 97 points. On April 7, 2012, the Coyotes defeated the Minnesota Wild with a score of 4-1 to win the Pacific Division title—their first division title as an NHL team.
Playoffs.
As Pacific Division champions, the Coyotes were the number 3 seed in the Western Conference. They faced the Chicago Blackhawks in the first round, and defeated them in six games for the franchise's first playoff series win since 1987, when as the Winnipeg Jets, they defeated the Calgary Flames in the first round. The Coyotes defeated the 4th-seeded Nashville Predators in five games to advance to the first Western Conference Final in franchise history. The 8th-seeded Los Angeles Kings knocked the Coyotes out of the playoffs in five games.
Schedule and results.
Playoffs.
Key: Win Loss
Player statistics.
Goaltenders.
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Coyotes. Stats reflect time with the Coyotes only.
‡Traded mid-season.
Bold/italics denotes franchise record.
Final roster.
Updated April 23, 2012.<br>
Transactions.
The Coyotes have been involved in the following transactions during the 2011–12 season.
Draft picks.
Phoenix's picks at the 2011 NHL Entry Draft in St. Paul, Minnesota.

</doc>
<doc id="30993972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993972" title="House at Springdell">
House at Springdell

The House at Springdell is a house built in the eighteenth century in the tiny hamlet of Springdell, Pennsylvania in West Marlborough Township, Chester County. The house's design is essentially unaltered from the original "Penn Plan," which was a vernacular design advocated by William Penn about 1700 as an economical house adapted to his new proprietary colony. The remains of a mill's tail race can be seen in the back yard, with Doe Run Creek, a tributary of West Brandywine Creek, about 15 yards behind the house. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
Architecture.
The house consists of a basement, which formerly served as a kitchen, and two stories with two rooms each, front and back. The exterior walls are stuccoed stone, the two interior walls are made of simple wooden planking. A steep winding stair centered on the west wall ascends from the basement to the second story. Each of the above-ground rooms has a fireplace, which are now closed off. Electricity and a furnace were installed in the house about 1950. A porch leads to the front (south) entrance. A door on the north wall leads to the basement.
History.
The hamlet of Springdell now includes about 18 houses, but previously had a station on the Pomeroy and Newark Railroad, post office, mill, and perhaps a dozen houses. The post office, which operated from 1893-1910, could not be named Springdell because another post office in Pennsylvania used that name. It was named Derbydown, according to local legend, following intense debate when a hat fell from a table.
During the American Revolution the house was used as a tenant house for the Passmore farm, and was reportedly occupied by the mother of James Fitzpatrick. James was a deserter from the Continental Army who was nearly captured at his mother's house. He later joined with the British Army under General Howe and fought in the nearby Battle of Brandywine. He then helped the British pillage the area. In September, 1778 he was captured and hung by the Continental Army.

</doc>
<doc id="30993978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993978" title="Critical Reviews in Immunology">
Critical Reviews in Immunology

Critical Reviews in Immunology is a bimonthly scientific journal published by Begell House covering the field of immunology. The editor-in-chief is M. Zoulhair Atassi.
Abstracting and indexing.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in BIOSIS Previews, Current Contents/Life Science, MEDLINE/PubMed, and the Science Citation Index. According to the "Journal Citation Reports", its 2009 impact factor is 2.625, ranking it 69th out of 128 journals in the category "Immunology".

</doc>
<doc id="30993986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30993986" title="Collective Redundancies Directive">
Collective Redundancies Directive

The Collective Redundancies Directive 98/59/EC is an EU Directive concerning the procedures and warnings that any employer is under a duty to its workforce to follow if it finds it necessary to make more than 20 employees over 90 days (or 10 to 30 employees depending on firm size over 30 days if the member state chooses this option).
Content.
The Directive sets a minimum standard for information and consultation with workers in the event that a significant number of workers are affected by proposed redundancies.

</doc>
<doc id="30994008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994008" title="Breakdown (Group 1 Crew song)">
Breakdown (Group 1 Crew song)

Breakdown is a single by hip-hop trio Group 1 Crew. It is the lead single from the album Outta Space Love and was released on May 11, 20101.
About.
Manwell 'Manny' Reyes stated in a video that the song was all about getting to the 'favorite part' of the song, and that he wanted the whole song (Breakdown) to have all of those 'favorite parts'2.
Track listing.
1. "Breakdown" - 3:29
Appearances.
'Breakdown' was used most notably in the show America's Got Talent by the dance group 'Studio One Young Beast Society' in their round of 483.
The song was also used in promo TV spots for the show 'Khloe and Kourtney'4
References.
1. http://itunes.apple.com/us/album/breakdown-single/id371235541
2. http://www.group1crew.com/news/2010/05/17/about-new-music-breakdown
3. http://www.group1crew.com/news/2010/07/28/young-beast-society-performs-breakdown-americas-got-talent
4. http://www.breathecast.com/Christian.Music.News-Group.1.Crew.Spacebound.On..June.8Th.Following.%E2%80%9CBreakdown%E2%80%9D.With.The.Kardasians/1_3931.htm

</doc>
<doc id="30994012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994012" title="Kamni Potok">
Kamni Potok

Kamni Potok is a settlement on the Temenica River in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia statistical region.
Remains of a Roman-period burial ground, Roman road and water supply have been found at a site near the settlement.

</doc>
<doc id="30994026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994026" title="Rube DeGroff">
Rube DeGroff

Edward Arthur "Rube" DeGroff (September 2, 1879 – December 17, 1955) was a professional baseball outfielder from 1903 to 1916. He played two seasons in Major League Baseball for the St. Louis Cardinals. DeGroff was 5 feet, 11 inches tall and weighed 190 pounds.
Career.
DeGroff was born in Hyde Park, New York, in 1879. He started his professional baseball career in 1903 with the Hudson River League's Kingston Colonials. In 1905, he joined the New York State League's Troy Trojans and had a batting average of .315. DeGroff made his major league debut with the St. Louis Cardinals in September of that year, and in 15 games, he batted .250. He also appeared in one game for the Cardinals in 1906 before going back to the Trojans. That was the last time he played in the majors.
In 1906 and 1907, DeGroff batted .314 for Troy. He led the league in hits during both of those seasons. DeGroff then went to the Eastern League for one year, batted .255, and returned to the New York State League in 1909 where he led all players with 10 home runs.
DeGroff hit under .250 in 1910 and 1911. Upon joining the New England League's Lowell Grays in 1912, however, he had one of his best years at the plate. He batted .348, setting his career-high in that category, and led the league in hits, doubles, triples, home runs, slugging percentage, and total bases. In 1913, his batting average went down to .299, but he paced the circuit in home runs again.
DeGroff played one more season for Lowell and then two in the New York State League before his professional baseball career ended. He later managed a team in Hyde Park called the Robin Hoods. In 1936, US president Franklin D. Roosevelt (who was also born in Hyde Park) attended a Robin Hoods game and told the crowd that he and DeGroff used to play on the same baseball team.
DeGroff died in Poughkeepsie, New York, in 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="30994058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994058" title="2,4-Diacetylphloroglucinol">
2,4-Diacetylphloroglucinol

2,4-Diacetylphloroglucinol is a natural phenol found in specific strains of the Gram-negative bacterium "Pseudomonas fluorescens". This compound is found to be responsible for the antiphytopathogenic and biocontrol properties in these strains. It is also found in "Pseudomonas protegens" where it has the same activity against various plant pathogens.
2,4-Diacetylphloroglucinol is also produced by "Lysobacter gummosus", a bacterium which lives on the skin of redback salamanders.

</doc>
<doc id="30994064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994064" title="David Judson Clemmons">
David Judson Clemmons

David Judson Clemmons is an American guitarist, singer, and songwriter, originally from Virginia, USA. He now lives in Berlin, Germany.
Career.
Damn The Machine.
Damn The Machine was a progressive metal band based out of Los Angeles, California. Composed of guitarist Chris Poland (ex-Megadeth, OHM:), his brother Mark Poland on drums, David Clemmons on guitars and vocals, and bassist Dave Randi. The quartet released only one, self-titled, album. It was a jazzier metal project than other progressive metal bands of the time, such as Queensrÿche or Fates Warning, and the lyrical content dealt largely with subjects of politics and morality. The group signed with A&M Records in 1993, releasing one album and three singles. Damn The Machine went on to tour Europe with Dream Theater, and then embarked on a US tour with Voivod. Despite this, in 1995, when poor record sales resulted in A&M Records dropping a number of bands from their catalog, Damn The Machine were among them. Though they had been in the process of writing material for a second album, the split with the record label resulted in a dismembering of the band. While the rest of the group went to form a new band called Mumbo's Brain, David Clemmons departed to put together a project of his own.
Jud.
Joining forces with Virginian school-mates, drummer David Wright (known as Hoss), and bassist Steve Cordrey, the trio went on to form Jud in LA in 1995. Relying heavily on bass, down-tuned guitars, and moving the slide-rule between the brutality of Prong, the grunginess of Nirvana, and sections of spoken word, Jud were a creation all their own. Their debut album, "Something Better," produced and mixed in part by Ross Robinson (producer of bands like Korn, Slipknot, Sepultura, etc.), was published by Nois-O-Lution in Europe. This led the LA-based band to a tour of the continent, followed by a tour of the United States during the following year.
After their US tour, the three went into the studio to record an acoustic album, "Inner Mission," meant as an interlude between their debut and their next full-length release. This showed a completely different side of the band compared to their electrically-charged debut. In 1998, a slight line-up change resulted in James Schmidt taking over drum duties. The same year, the band's second album, "Chasing California," was released, leading to a summer festival tour. Jud entered the studio in late summer of 2000, with Hoss Wright rejoining the band once more, to record what would be their last album with the original line-up. Released in 2001, "The Perfect Life" benefitted from more polished production than their previous efforts.
The Fullbliss.
Following the release and tour support for "The Perfect Life," Clemmons decided that he wished to explore other musical projects with different collaborators, effectively ending Jud. Clemmon's new project, a band which came to be called The Fullbliss, released their first album "Fools And Their Splendor" in 2001. David was joined by many other musicians, and the album possessed a more acoustic and melancholic feel than Jud, and benefitted heavily from violin and viola playing. In an interview, Clemmons said he wanted an outlet for more emotional and dynamic work, bringing the extremes of life and death under one umbrella, which he felt The Fullbliss allowed him.
Several more albums followed. In 2002, The Fullbliss released a second album entitled "This Temple Is Haunted." In 2004, Clemmons released his first album strictly under his own name with "Life In The Kingdom Of Agreement," a much slower, darker, and more personal album than anything previous to it. The next release, a compilation of live radio and concert recordings called "Un-Fi" was released in 2005, featuring Clemmons and now-regular violinist, Anne De Wolff. The Fullbliss' third album, "Yes Sir" was released in 2006, which was a mix of upbeat and melancholy material, with a little political satire ('Silicone City') thrown in for good measure. One difference, David describes in an interview, between this album and previous ones, is that several songs were written in his native Virginia, rather than in Los Angeles. Another compilation, this time of unreleased material, was released by The Fullbliss in 2007, which was entitled "Revolution Songs (1992-2007)."
Recent Activities.
In 2008, Clemmons, along with previous Jud drummer, James Schmidt, and bassist Jan Hampicke (both Fullbliss regulars at this point) reformed Jud to release a brand new album entitled "Sufferboy." The three wrote and recorded demos of the tracks before sending them to producer, Jon Caffery, who, after hearing them, asked to produce the project. The group recorded the album, without a record deal, before contacting Nois-O-Lution about releasing it. The album, recorded in analog, was released on August 8, 2008. In an interview that Clemmons did at the time, he called it "the most energetic record I've ever made."
Following the release of "Sufferboy", Jud and The Fullbliss have done some sporadic touring, though very little more than one-off dates. In 2011, another album under his own name, David Judson Clemmons, will be released by the name of "Cold White Earth." From artwork on his website, it's "A Story Of Love, Death And Hope."

</doc>
<doc id="30994066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994066" title="C10H10O5">
C10H10O5

The molecular formula C10H10O5 (molar mass: 210.18 g/mol, exact mass: 210.052823 u) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30994069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994069" title="Boris Turčák">
Boris Turčák

Boris Turčák (born 21 February 1993) is a Slovak footballer who plays as midfielder. He currently plays for Nitra on loan from ŠK Slovan Bratislava.

</doc>
<doc id="30994078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994078" title="Westville, Simpson County, Mississippi">
Westville, Simpson County, Mississippi

Westville is a ghost town in Simpson County, Mississippi, United States.
It was located approximately southeast of Pinola.
History.
The settlement was named for Colonel Cato West.
Westville was the county seat from 1824 to 1900, when the seat was moved to Mendenhall. In 1905, the seat was briefly returned to Westville, but returned to Mendenhall the next year.
The courthouse was originally built in 1827, but was destroyed by fire a few years later. It was rebuilt in brick, and burned down again, then rebuilt again out of brick.
Today all that remains of the original Westville is the cemetery.
Westville's zip code was 39114.

</doc>
<doc id="30994083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994083" title="Knežja Vas">
Knežja Vas

Knežja Vas () is a village in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia statistical region.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Agnes and belongs to the Parish of Dobrnič. It was first mentioned in written documents dating to 1526.
In 1797 the Roman Catholic missionary, bishop, and grammarian Frederic Baraga was born in the Mala Vas Castle in Mala Vas (), which is now a hamlet in the northern part of Knežja Vas but was an autonomous settlement in the past. The 17th-century manor in which he was born houses a small museum dedicated to him. On 10 or 11 April 1721 Maximillian Morautscher, a professor of physics in Laibach (now Ljubljana) and one of the founders of the Slovenian Philharmonics was born in the same house. The building has been arranged into a museum.

</doc>
<doc id="30994110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994110" title="DAPG">
DAPG

DAPG may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30994113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994113" title="Nassarius conoidalis">
Nassarius conoidalis

Nassarius conoidalis, common name the cone-shaped Nassa, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae, the nassa mud snails.
Description.
The shell size varies between 16 mm and 32 mm
Distribution.
This species occurs in the Red Sea, in the Indian Ocean off South Africa and in the South Chinese Sea off the coast of Vietnam.

</doc>
<doc id="30994116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994116" title="Can't Maintain">
Can't Maintain

"Can't Maintain" is the third studio album by Andrew Jackson Jihad.

</doc>
<doc id="30994122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994122" title="Brahmana Hindu Shahis of Afghanistan">
Brahmana Hindu Shahis of Afghanistan

Hindu Kshatriyas held sway over the Kabul region of Afghanistan from as far back as the fourth century C. E. "Allahabad Prashasti" of the Gupta Emperor Samudragupta (335-375 CE) refers to these rulers by the phrase ""Daivaputra Shahi-Shahanshahi-Shaka-murundahi"". The Chinese traveler Xuanzang who crossed through Afghanistan in 630 CE found an able king of Kshatriya caste ruling over his extensive kingdom of Kapisa. He was powerful enough to bring under his control ten independent principalities. During that time Buddhism was on the wane and (Brahmanism on the ascendant, just as in the rest of India.
India had pushed back or completely indigenized various foreign invading hordes, without a trace of their ethnic origins. Knowledge about Turkish ethnicity of these Ksahatriya rulers in this frontier region of India was surviving because of their continuous rule there. Their ethnicity may be debated but they were Hindus of Kshatriya varna.
During the Early Medieval history (700-1000 CE) there were two dynasties in Kabul: the (Kshatriya – Turk) Hindu dynasty, and the (Brahmana) Hindu dynasty which replaced it. Both used the title of Shahi. Details about these rulers have been assembled over a period of time from chronicles, coins and stone inscriptions by persevering researchers as no consolidated account of their history has become available.
The "varna" of Shahis of Kabul.
That the kings of Shahi dynasty, replaced by Kallar, were indeed Kshatriyas is uncontested. There are no universally recognized appellations for referring to the pre-Kallar and post- Kallar dynasties. But (Turk) Hindu Shahis and (Brahmana) Hindu Shahis, respectively, is quite common and clearly understood
Efforts were made, earlier also, to apportion the Kshatriya "varna" to Kallar's Brahamana successors on the basis of their name-endings, marriage alliances and even their "‘terrible valour’" at the battlefield. All these arguments were deemed untenable. However, in 1973, Yogendra Misra projected the view that according to Rajatarangini Hindu Shahis (meaning here post-Lagaturman kings) were also Kshatriyas.
Ethnicity of the Brahmana Shahis.
C.V. Vaidya is definitely of the opinion that the Hindu Shahis* were Brahmanas. He has further highlighted that "the Mohyals who are a sub-sect of Sarasvata Brahmnas ... claim "with justice and propriety" that Jaipal and Anandapal were Mohyal Brahmanas." D.B. Pandey has expressed the view that, in the present state of our knowledge, the Hindu Shahis* were Brahma-Kshatras, who discarded the priestly profession for martial pursuits."
Defence of Zabul by Kshatriya Shahis.
At some stage the Hindu kingdom of Kapisha had split up. Its western part formed a separate state called the kingdom of Zabul. On the west it shared border with Iran. Sistan formed the frontier province of Zabul. It can be surmised that it was a family division because there were consanguineous and political relationships between the states of Kabul and Zabul.
In 700-701, Abdur Rehman bin Mohammed bin Ashta was dispatched with forty thousand men to retrieve the Muslim honour. He was able to collect considerable booty but failed to have any territorial gains – thus incurring the displeasure of Hajjaj. Exasperated by the threats of super session he determined to carry arms against his master and, in order to strengthen his power, conducted a treaty with the enemies of faith (Rutbil) that the latter would afford him asylum in the event of the failure of his campaign against the caliph. After some initial successes, Abdur Rehman was at the end compelled to seek the protection of his Hindu ally. Sustained political intervention of the Rutbil brought the Islamic expansion to a halt and he had made Sistan an ‘ill-omened frontier’ for the Arabs. In folklore Rutbil became the hero of many Arab stories of holy wars on the frontier of Hind. Gradually, the Arabs - the ruling caliphs - ceased to be a powerful political force and Rutbils ruled in comparative peace for another one hundred and fifty years.
Islamic kingdoms in the Shahi neighbourhood.
The Samanids and the Saffarids.
In theory, the caliph as the successor of the Prophet was the fountainhead of all political authority. Kings and all tribal chiefs were subordinate to him and his sanction alone could provide legal basis for their authority. With the waning of political might of the caliphate, its governors in Khurasan set up their own strong kingdom – the Samanid dynasty (c. 819-1005) – controlling regions west and north of Koh Hindu Kush up to Balkh. Under the loosely centralized feudal government of the Samanids, Transoxiana and Khurasan prospered with a notable expansion of industry and commerce. Samanids were great art patrons and they turned Bukhara and Samarkand in to famous cultural centres, rivaling Baghdad.
The Brahmana Hindu Shahi Dynasty of Kabul.
According to "The Mazare Sharif Inscription of the Time of the Shahi Ruler Veka", recently discovered from northern Afghanistan and reported by the Taxila Institute of Asian Civilisations, Islamabad, Veka (sic.) conquered northern region of Afghanistan ‘with eight fold forces’ and ruled there. He established a Shiva temple there which was inaugurated by "Parimaha Maitya" (the Great Minister). He also issued copper coins of the Elephant and Lion type with the legend Shri Vakkadeva.
Nine principal issues of Bull and Horseman silver coins and only one issue of corresponding copper coins of Spalapatideva have become available. As many as five Elephant and Lion type of copper coins of Shri Vakkadeva are available and curiously the copper issues of Vakka are "contemporaneous" with the silver issues of Spalapati.
It is a reasonable surmise that recognizing the qualities, as a commander and administrator, of Vakkadeva his sovereign Spalaptideva of Kabul groomed him as a cadet prince and let him issue copper coins to be used as small change with his own silvers, in the whole kingdom. He ceased to issue his own copper coins. Spalapatideva continued as a Vazir and anointed this ‘tried in war veteran’ "(jang aazmooda)" as the king. Vakkadeva took the name Samantadeva and issued Bull and King-on-Elephant silver commemorative coins on his coronation. His Bull and Horseman silver coins gained popularity far and wide among the mercantile classes. His name ‘became so celebrated that we find it upon the coins of successors, down to the Mohammadan conquest of Delhi in 1192 and the coins of Rai Pithora. E. Thomas describes Samantadeva as the greatest of the earlier (Brahmana) Hindu Shahis.
Kabul Town not attacked.
On his way back from Balkh, Yaqub is stated to have attacked Kabul. "Whether the word Kabul stands here for the city in particular or Kabul valley in general, is not clearly stated. The sequence of events, however, suggests that latter was probably the case". (Abdur Rahman). As we know, Shahis had a governor in Northern Afghanistan. Invasion of this province was an attack on (the state of) Kabul and the idols, say from the Shiva temple established by Vakkadeva would verily be ‘idols from Kabul’. There is no indication of a direct battle between Yaqub and the king of Kabul, which event could not go unreported.
It was some time during this period that the Shahis shifted their capital from Kabul to Udabhandapura.
Kamalavarman attacks Ghazni.
Reliable evidence has now become available indicating that this oft-quoted narration by ‘Ufi was short of the ‘whole truth’. Kamlu did not stop in his tracks by Fardaghan's ingenious propaganda. "Tarikh-i-Sistan" illuminates the history of this period differently. Amr-i-Lais's pre-occupation with affairs in Khurasan and the provocative action of his newly appointed governor of Ghazni, prompted two Indian Kings (Rai of Hindustan), whose names reported in very corrupt form have been restored as "Ashta" and "Tormana", to take firm retaliatory measures. They combined their forces and launched a united invasion of Ghazni. Fardaghan is said to have opposed the Hindu army. The "Tarikh" does not tell us whether the city of Ghazni was actually occupied by the victors at this stage or the name Ghazni stands for the province of Zabulistan, and not the city of Ghazni. The news of this invasion reached Amr when he was in Gurgan on his way to his last encounter with Ismail. In April 900 Amr was decisively defeated and sent as a prisoner to Baghdad where he breathed his last. He must have passed through Gurgan only a couple of months before his defeat. Thus Kamlu's invasion of Zabulistan can safely be placed in the beginning of 900 at the latest.
Having successfully dealt with the Saffarids, Ashta (the governor of Kabul) appears to have stayed back and maneuvered a ‘palace coup’. He seized the Shahi throne at Udabhandapura, dislodging his brother Kamalavarman but the state of Kashmir intervened. "Rajatarangini" records that Prabhakaradeva the "Koshadhyaksha" (Superintendent of Treasury) led a victorious expedition against the Shahi power at the town of Udabhandapura and bestowed the kingdom of the rebellious Shahi ("ajna atikrami Shahi" – a Shahi violator of order) upon Tormana, Lalliya's son and gave him the new name "Kamaluka". This may have happened in 903 during the reign of child king Gopalavarman (r. 902-904) ruling under the guardianship of his mother Sugandha.
Kamaluka has been identified as Kamalavarman, son of Lalliya (Samantadeva). He was succeeded by his son, Bhimadeva.
Bhimadeva.
Hindu rule at Ghazni.
During the reign of Kamalavarman, the Saffarid rule weakened precipitately and ultimately Sistan became a part of the Samanid Empire. Disorder generally prevailed and the control of Zabulistan changed hands frequently. Taking advantage of the situation, the Shahis stepped up activities on their western frontier. The result was the emergence of a small Hindu power at Ghazni, supported by the Shahis. "The authorities either themselves of early date or enshrining early information mention Lawik" who was a pagan (Hindu) as the ruler at Ghazni, before this place was taken over by the Turkish slave governor of the Samanids.
By the middle of the tenth century Turkish slaves began to acquire power in the Samanid realm, as they were holding principal offices in the court and kingdom. One of these, Alaptagin, a former Hajib or Door Keeper, defeated the superior royal army near Khulm Pass and decided to carve out an independent kingdom for himself. He first took over Bamian ‘the country of infidel (Hindu) Shir Barak’. He next turned to Ghazni where Lawik, its ruler, submitted after a prolonged siege of four months. Alaptagin thus became the undisputed master of Ghazni but he died soon thereafter and his son Abu Ishaq succeeded him in 963.
Substitution of Hindu potentates of Bamian and Ghazni by an emerging Turkish power posed a serious threat for the Shahi kingdom which acted with ‘remarkable alacrity’ at this stage. The Lawik was sent back to Ghazni with a huge army which ousted the Turks and sent Abu Ishaq flying to Bukhara. The Shahis had secured their western frontier – for the time being. But the gathering storm had not blown away.
Bhimadeva and Kashmir.
Bhimadeva had only one daughter and no son. This daughter was married to "King Simhraja, the lord of Lohara and other strongholds."
End of Bhimadeva.
The Shahi state had successfully managed to ward off danger from the strong neighbouring kingdom of the Samanids for more than a century. That Muslim kingdom was gradually decaying but its ambitious Turk officers were acquiring power and setting up personal fiefdoms, menacing the Hindu states south of Koh Hindu Kush. Though ruling with grandeur, unmolested by any neighbouring kingdom, Bhimadeva was getting old and must have been weighing his options in the matter of succession, because he did not have a male heir. The Shahi kingdom was strong and prosperous but not easy to govern - and protect. He could not count either on the Lawiks or his grand daughter Didda of Kashmir for this onerous responsibility. He selected the allied kingdom of Punjab for this honour and probably installed a successor in his own life time for the succession seems to have been without ‘contest or convulsion’.
Jayapaladeva.
With Jayapala, a new dynasty started ruling over the former Shahi kingdom of south- eastern Afghanistan and the change over was smooth and consensual. On his coronation, Jayapala used the additional name-suffix "deva" from his predecessor's dynasty in addition to the "pala" name-ending of his own family. (With Kabul lost during the lifetime of Jayapaladeva, his successors – Anandapala, Trilochanapala and Bhimapala - reverted to their own family "pala"-ending names.) Jayapala did not issue any coins in his own name. Bull and Horseman coins with the legend Samantadeva, in billon, seem to have been struck during Jayapala's reign. As the successor of Bhima, Jayapala was a Shahi monarch of the state of Kabul, which now included the Punjab. Minhaj-ud-din describes Jayapala as "the greatest of the Rais of Hindustan."
From the beginning Jayapala followed an aggressive and pro-active policy towards the Turks. As stated earlier, Abu Ishaq had been evicted from Ghazni and the Lawiks were installed there with Shahi help. In 965, Abu Ishaq regained Ghazni with assistance from the Samanid ruler Abu Mansur and the Lawik fled to ‘Hind’ once again to seek help from the Shahis. Ultimately, Sabuktagin descended the throne of Ghazni in 977. He soon added Bust, Dawar, Qusdar, Tukhristan and Ghur to his dominions. Conflict with ‘Hind’ could not have been postponed for two long.
Jayapaladeva again attacks Sabuktagin.
Jayapaladeva determined to fight once more and regain his position. He collected a large army and Sabuktagin advanced to face him. It was a fierce battle in which Jayapala was defeated. He lost more territory but continued to rule from Waihind and Peshawar.
Sabuktagin then became more involved in the affairs of the Samanid state and left the Shahis in peace. He became very powerful in the Samanid Kingdom by virtue of his strong and disciplined army. Sabuktagin died at Balkh in 997 at the age of fifty six. After a struggle for succession with brothers, his son Mahmud ascended the throne of Ghazni in 998. Mahmud first consolidated his position on his western front, even if he had to challenge the authority of his Samani over-lord. Soon he had control over Herat, Balkh, Bust and Khurasan. Recognising his power, the Caliph of Baghdad acknowledged him as a sovereign in his own right and conferred high sounding titles on him. The Ghaznavids had thus acquired a status equal to their former masters – the Samanids. The balance of power had been gradually tilting in favour of Ghazni.

</doc>
<doc id="30994132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994132" title="Lukáš Pauschek">
Lukáš Pauschek

Lukáš Pauschek (born 9 December 1992) is a Slovak footballer who plays as right back for Bohemians 1905.
International career.
On 6 August 2012, Pauschek was called up to the senior team for the first time by new managers Michal Hipp and Stanislav Griga for the team's friendly match against Denmark on 15 August 2012. He made his international debut in the match starting on the left back, Slovakia won 3–1.

</doc>
<doc id="30994143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994143" title="Jack Himes">
Jack Himes

John Herby Himes (1878–1849) was a Major League Baseball outfielder who played for the St. Louis Cardinals in 1905 and 1906.

</doc>
<doc id="30994151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994151" title="List of Presidents of the I Chamber of the Landtag of Saxony">
List of Presidents of the I Chamber of the Landtag of Saxony

The President of the I Chamber of the Landtag of Saxony was the presiding officer of the upper chamber of that legislature.

</doc>
<doc id="30994161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994161" title="Navan Racecourse">
Navan Racecourse

Navan Racecourse is a horse racing venue at Proudstown near Navan, County Meath, Ireland, approximately 48 kilometres from Dublin. The course stages Flat racing but is best known for National Hunt racing. Navan Racecourse is owned by Horse Racing Ireland.
The course is one and a half miles round with a home straight of three-and-a-half furlongs, left-handed with wide sweeping bends and an uphill finish from two furlongs out. There is a straight sprint course of six furlongs.
Major races.
Navan Racecourse stages the Grade One Navan Novice Hurdle in December and several Grade Two races including the Lismullen Hurdle and the Boyne Hurdle.

</doc>
<doc id="30994167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994167" title="Our Graceful Words">
Our Graceful Words

Our Graceful Words is the first full-length studio album by Christian rock band Sent By Ravens. It is the follow-up to their 2008 EP The Effects of Fashion and Prayer. The album was released on April 20, 2010 and reached #35 on the Billboard Top Heatseekers chart. It was met with very positive reviews.

</doc>
<doc id="30994169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994169" title="August W. Strehlow">
August W. Strehlow

August W. Strehlow (born January 31, 1867 in Stettin) was a housepainter and building contractor from Milwaukee, Wisconsin who served one term as a Socialist member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from 1905-1906.
Background.
Strehlow was born in Stettin (now Szczecin, then part of the German Empire) on January 31, 1867 and was educated in the public schools there. He came to America in 1881, and followed the trade of hardwood finishing and housepainting, later becoming a contractor in this line of business; he became a member of the Painters' union, was active in organized labor, and became a member of the Social Democratic Party, soon to become the Socialist Party of America (but still called "Social Democratic Party" in Wisconsin).
Elected office.
In 1902 he ran for the State Assembly from the 16th Milwaukee County district on the Socialist ticket, losing to Republican Fred B. Breitwisch, with 1128 votes to Breitwisch's 1228. He was also a Socialist candidate for county supervisor in 1902. 
In 1904 he defeated Breitwisch, with 1,549 votes against 1,349 for Breitwisch, 533 for Democrat Joseph Heller and 11 for Carl Oberhen of the Socialist Labor Party. 
In 1906 he chose to run for the Milwaukee Common Council, and was succeeded in the Assembly by fellow Socialist and labor activist Frank J. Weber (a carpenter). He served on the Common Council for at least 32 years By 1946 he had shifted to the Milwaukee County Board of Supervisors.

</doc>
<doc id="30994178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994178" title="Foster Swift Collins &amp; Smith">
Foster Swift Collins &amp; Smith

Foster Swift Collins & Smith, P.C. is a Michigan law firm founded in 1902. Foster Swift has offices in Lansing, Farmington Hills, Grand Rapids, Detroit, Marquette and Holland, Michigan. The firm is the largest law firm in Lansing, and the 12th largest in the state according to the 2010 survey conducted by Michigan Lawyers Weekly.

</doc>
<doc id="30994230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994230" title="A Fire Has Been Arranged">
A Fire Has Been Arranged

A Fire Has Been Arranged is a 1935 British comedy film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and starring Chesney Allen, Bud Flanagan and Alastair Sim. 
After a spell in prison three criminals return to recover their loot only to find the place where they have stashed it has been turned into a department store. They take jobs at the store in order to locate the whereabouts of their loot. The three discover that the unscrupulous managers of the store, Shuffle and Cutte, are keen to be accomplices in their plot.
It was made at Twickenham Studios. The film ends with the song "Where the Arches Used To Be".

</doc>
<doc id="30994260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994260" title="Leo A Daly">
Leo A Daly

Established in 1915, LEO A DALY is an international architecture, planning, engineering, interior design, and program management firm. The firm’s portfolio includes projects in 87 countries, all 50 states, and the District of Columbia. The firm currently employs approximately 800 architects, planners, engineers, and interior designers in 31 offices worldwide. It consistently ranks as one of the top largest architecture/engineering and interior design firms in the US, and is listed in BD World Architecture’s top firms.
LEO A DALY includes Lockwood, Andrews & Newnam, Inc. (LAN), an engineering, infrastructure consulting, and program management firm, which provides these services in conjunction with other design services.

</doc>
<doc id="30994268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994268" title="Cruentation">
Cruentation

Cruentation (Latin: "ius cruentationis" or "Ius feretri sine sandapilae") was one of the medieval methods of finding proof against a suspected murderer. The common belief was that the body of the victim would spontaneously bleed in the presence of the murderer.
Cruentation was part of the Germanic Laws, and it was used in Germany, Poland, Bohemia, Scotland and the North-American colonies. In Germany it was used as a method to find proof of guilt until the middle of the 18th century. Cruentation was mentioned in the "Malleus Maleficarum".
Antonius Blancus was probably the first to raise the question of the reliability of all cruentations.
In cases where it was difficult for the jurors to determine whether someone accused of murder was guilty or innocent, the case could be solved by means of a trial by ordeal. The accused was brought before the corpse of the murder victim and was made to put his or her hands on it. If the wounds of the corpse then began to bleed, or if other unusual visual signs appeared, that was regarded as God's verdict (judicium Dei) announcing that the accused was guilty.
After the Lutheran Reformation of 1536 the practice of cruentation was unwarranted from a legal point of view in Denmark and Norway and during the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries leading theologians of the Danish Church condemned it several times. Nevertheless, cruentation continued to be used well into the eighteenth century, and its outcome continued to be accepted as evidence by law courts – indeed, in a few cases, the ordeal was overseen or even organized by clergymen. Apparently the practice was so popular that it continued to remain judicially sanctioned for some time even when that meant circumventing the official teaching of the Protestant state church.
Michael Alberti (1682–1757), professor of medicine and natural sciences at Berlin, published in 1736 his "Systema jurisprudentiae medicae", a mixture of backwardness and progress. Alberti was still in favour of torture and cruentation, and he believed in magic and demons. On the other hand, he considered sorcery a mental disease and had a critical attitude toward other medical problems.

</doc>
<doc id="30994303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994303" title="Ieuan ap Tudur Penllyn">
Ieuan ap Tudur Penllyn

Ieuan ap Tudur Penllyn (fl. 1480) was a Welsh poet of the late mediaeval period.
Ieuan was born at Caer-Gai, near Llanuwchllyn, Merioneth (present-day Gwynedd) and was the son of two notable poets: Tudur Penllyn and Gwerful Fychan. Through the latter he claimed descent from Rhirid Flaidd, a 12th-century nobleman of Powys.
In common with other poets of the time much of his work is "praise-poetry" directed at the "Uchelwyr", or Welsh nobility, including members of the Abertanad family and the Wynns of Gwydir. Ieuan was of a gentry family himself so is unlikely to have been a 'professional' writer. His satire on the borough of Flint also survives along with several humorous disputations with the famous poet Guto'r Glyn.
His work has occasionally been confused in manuscripts with that of his father, and he seems to have had a sister, Gwenllian, who may also have been a poet.
His surviving poetry was edited by Thomas Roberts in 1958, in a single volume with the work of Tudur Penllyn.

</doc>
<doc id="30994309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994309" title="Dărmăneşti (disambiguation)">
Dărmăneşti (disambiguation)

Dărmăneşti or Dârmăneşti may refer to several places in Romania:

</doc>
<doc id="30994315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994315" title="Reinier de Graaf (architect)">
Reinier de Graaf (architect)

Reinier de Graaf (born 1964) is architect and Partner of architecture and design office OMA, founded by Rem Koolhaas, with offices in Rotterdam, New York, Beijing, Hong Kong and Doha and projects in over 35 countries worldwide.
Reinier de Graaf was born in Netherlands, and joined OMA in 1996. As Partner of OMA he is responsible for a number of building projects in Europe, Russia, Scandinavia, and the Middle East, including new G-Star Headquarters in Amsterdam (completed 2014), the Stadskantoor (City Hall) in Rotterdam, the new G-Star Headquarters in Amsterdam, Tors Torn Residential tower in Stockholm, and the Commonwealth Institute (under construction) and Morden Wharf mixed use development on Greenwich Peninsula in London.
De Graaf also directs the work of AMO, the research and design studio established in 1998 as a counterpart to the architectural practice of OMA. While OMA remains dedicated to the realization of buildings and master plans, AMO operates in fields such as media, sociology, technology, energy research, branding, fashion, publishing and graphic design. AMO’s clients include the European Union, Prada, Universal Studios, Amsterdam’s Schiphol Airport, Heineken, the Hermitage museum, Ikea, Condé Nast and Harvard University. In 2004 AMO designed a new graphic identity for the EU.
He has overseen AMO’s increasing involvement in sustainability and energy planning, including Zeekracht: a strategic Masterplan for the North Sea, the publication in 2010 of “Roadmap 2050: A Practical Guide to a Prosperous, Low-Carbon Europe” with the European Climate Foundation, and “The Energy Report,” a global plan for 100 percent renewable energy by 2050, made with the WWF.
Over the last several years, de Graaf has also worked extensively in Moscow, first by overseeing OMA’s proposal to design the Masterplan for the Skolkovo Centre for Innovation, or “Russian Silicon Valley”. In 2012, OMA AMO led a consortium which proposed a development concept for the Moscow Agglomeration: an urban plan for Greater Moscow. Since 2010, De Graaf has also been involved in the founding and curriculum development of The Strelka Institute for Media, Architecture and Design, and continues to teach as part of its post-graduate educational program.
De Graaf has recently curated two exhibitions, On Hold at the British School in Rome in 2011 and the travelling exhibition Public Works: Architecture by Civil Servants (Venice Biennale, 2012; Berlin, 2013).
Prior to working at OMA, De Graaf worked for architecture firms in the Netherlands and the United Kingdom. He holds an architecture diploma from Delft University and a masters degree in architecture from the Berlage Institute.
De Graaf lectures frequently in the academic and professional realm.
List of selected projects.
AMO
OMA

</doc>
<doc id="30994320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994320" title="2011 CAF U-23 Championship qualification">
2011 CAF U-23 Championship qualification

This page provides the summaries of the matches of the first two qualifying rounds for the group stage of the 2012 CAF Men's Pre-Olympic Tournament. These matches also serve as part of the qualifiers for the Football at the 2012 Summer Olympics to be held in London.
Seeding.
In total, 39 teams opted to entered the qualifying tournament. The top 25 teams based on the qualifiers and final round of the previous Olympics were given byes to the first qualifying round.
Preliminary qualifying round.
Second Leg.
"Sierra Leone 2–2 Liberia on aggregate. Liberia won 3–1 on penalties"
"Sudan won 1–0 on aggregate"
"Botswana won 1–0 on aggregate"
First qualifying round.
The matches in the preliminary round were held on 25–27 March 2011 (first leg) and 8–10 April 2011 (second leg).
Second Leg.
"Zambia won 5–0 on aggregate"
"Morocco won 3–2 on aggregate"
"Tanzania 3–3 Cameroon. Tanzania won 5-3 on penalties"
"Angola 1–1 Senegal. Senegal won on away goals rule"
"South Africa won 4–2 on aggregate" 
"Algeria won 4–0 on aggregate"
"Egypt won 3–2 on aggregate"
"Gabon won 5–2 on aggregate"
"Congo DR won 5–2 on aggregate"
"Côte d'Ivoire won 4–0 on aggregate"
"Tunisia won 3–0 on aggregate"
"Benin advance after The Gambia withdrew"
"Congo 1–1 Uganda. Congo won 4–2 on penalties"
"Guinea 2–2 Mali. Mali won on away goals rule"
"Nigeria won 9–1 on aggregate"
"Sudan won 2–1 on aggregate"
Second qualifying round.
The draw for the second qualifying round was held on April 13, 2011. CAF used FIFA rankings from March 2011 to seed the eight highest-ranked teams into Pot A.
Côte d'Ivoire's fixture against Liberia had been delayed until 20 April due to the civil unrest. As Ivory Coast are the 2nd highest-ranking team in Africa, the winner of their first qualifying round fixture was also placed in Pot A.
Seeding.
The pots were confirmed as follows: 
Draw.
The draw was conducted on April 13 in Cairo, Egypt.
Second Leg.
"Algeria won 3–2 on aggregate"
"Morocco won 3–2 on aggregate"
"Côte d'Ivoire won 3–1 on aggregate"
"Gabon won 1–0 on aggregate"
"Egypt won 2–0 on aggregate"
"South Africa 6–4 on aggregate"
"Senegal won 1–0 on aggregate"
"Nigeria 3–1 on aggregate"

</doc>
<doc id="30994322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994322" title="Frank Hershey (baseball)">
Frank Hershey (baseball)

Frank Hershey (1877–1949) was a Major League Baseball right-handed pitcher. He played in one game, on April 20, 1905 for the Boston Beaneaters.

</doc>
<doc id="30994332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994332" title="Holding Onto Strings Better Left to Fray">
Holding Onto Strings Better Left to Fray

Holding Onto Strings Better Left to Fray is the fifth studio album by South African post-grunge/alternative metal band Seether. It was the first Seether album to have Troy McLawhorn as the lead guitarist. However, he departed from the band just before the album's release, to once again become the rhythm guitarist for the band Evanescence. It was released on 17 May 2011, and debuted at #2 on the Billboard 200 in the U.S.
Background and recording.
Shaun and Dale confirmed in an interview on 2 March 2009 that, after their tour with Nickelback, Seether would take the rest of year off to write and record the follow-up to "Finding Beauty in Negative Spaces". After several months of recording music for their upcoming album in Nashville, Tennessee with producer Brendan O'Brien, Seether began touring again in April 2010 with the intention of going back into the studio "in the first week of June", in order to complete the new record. The new album title was announced as "Holding Onto Strings Better Left to Fray."
On 17 December 2010, the band members confirmed the title in an interview in advance of their USO concerts. John Humphrey stated in the interview that the title is "actually a lyric from an important song on the album", the song being "Here and Now".
During an interview with Planet 1051 radio in Louisiana, former guitarist Troy McLawhorn and drummer John Humphrey confirmed the band would be releasing a new album titled "Holding Onto Strings Better Left to Fray" in May. It was also during this interview that they announced the first single, which was titled "Country Song".
On 16 February 2011, the band posted a video announcing the dates of the first single and album release. On 4 March 2011, it was reported via Twitter that the album's release date was moved up a week, to 17 May 2011.
On 7 March 2011, in an interview with radio station 103.3, Lazer Shaun stated that he was writing a song for a potential movie soundtrack, and that it was sent into the label the previous week. Also, they will be recording it with Brendan O'Brien in Nashville, TN and that it could possibly be included in the album.
On 16 March 2011, Shaun announced via Twitter that they were heading back into the studio to record one last track for the album. "Band update for ya'll... heading to Nashville tomorrow to record one last track for HOSBLTF. We like to keep things last minute and fresh!" About the song, Shaun said: "It's a heavy little ditty, kinda like the stuff we did in the Disclaimer and Karma days. Should be a fun one. We'll keep you updated." Shortly after this, "Fur Cue" was added to the tracklist on the band website.
The album cover was designed by artist Mark Kostabi, who is also known for designing the covers for Guns N' Roses' "Use Your Illusion" I and II.
Musical style.
The album found itself being much different than the band's previous releases. Shaun Morgan's screams are rarely found on the album, and his lyrics reflected different subject matters. The album was described as being "very strong, melodic, and heavy at times", by the band's drummer, John Humphrey.
Release and promotion.
On 4 September 2010, during a live show at the DuQuoin State Fair, Seether debuted "No Resolution".
On 8 March 2011, Wind-Up Records released the track list and album art on the band website, along with the first single, "Country Song", on iTunes.
On 28 March 2011, Seether made an appearance on "Lopez Tonight" to perform the new single "Country Song" live.
On 6 April, the song "Roses" became available as a free download for subscribers of the official e-mail newsletter.
On 26 April, the song "Forsaken" became available as a free download for pre-ordering the deluxe version of "Holding Onto Strings Better Left to Fray" on iTunes.
On 13 May, the entire album was officially released for streaming if you were to "tweet" on Twitter the given message on the website.
The band played on the main stage for the 2011 Rockstar Uproar Festival along with Avenged Sevenfold, Three Days Grace, Bullet for My Valentine, and Escape the Fate.
On 13 September 2011, After WWE concluded a Smackdown taping at the Air Canada Centre in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, "Tonight" appeared in a video tribute to former WWE wrestler Edge that was shown during an appreciation night which was filmed as a Blu-ray exclusive for "You Think You Know Me: The Story of Edge" and the song was heard again on the 9 January 2012 edition of Raw during the announcement of his induction into the 2012 WWE Hall of Fame.
A Simlish version of "Tonight" was included on the soundtrack to "The Sims 3" expansion "".
"Remix EP".
In the wake of a remix contest, six remixes were issued on a 2012 EP entitled "Remix EP". (Some of the remixes were from fans.) 
"Tonight", however, had a public remix contest on its own. A remix contest for "Tonight" was held for the song through Indaba Music's website. Won by popular vote as grand prize winner, Neon Feather's remix of "Tonight" appeared on the EP and DJ Schmolli, though his or her song was not on the EP, was chosen by Seether as the runner-up for the contest.
"Dragon Age".
"Desire for Need (Dragon in Me) Sanchez Remix" was used in the animated movie "Dragon Age" in 2012. Some of the original song lyrics had been changed for this version.
Sales.
"Holding Onto Strings Better Left to Fray" is Seether's highest-charting album on the U.S. Billboard 200, reaching #2. The album also gave Seether their second-best first week sales, with over 61,000 units sold during its first week of release in the U.S. The album has sold well over 300,000 copies in the U.S. according to Neilson Soundscan.
Reception.
"Holding Onto Strings Better Left to Fray" has received mostly positive reviews. Steve Losey of AllMusic said, ""Holding Onto Strings Better Left to Fray" is another journey into the mind of Shaun Morgan: through heartbreak and rebirth he still has a lot to say about betrayal. His stamps as a guitarist, a songwriter, and a lead vocalist are everywhere on this disc, and thankfully, that's what ultimately drives the release home." Chad Grischow of IGN said in his review that "this diverse set of melodic hard rock proves to be a solid entry in the band's catalog." Finally, Brandon Geist of Revolver gave the album 4 stars out of 5, saying, "Held together by Shaun Morgan's alternately gritty and smooth vocals, "Holding onto Strings Better Left to Fray" should forever distinguish Seether from all the clichéd radio-rock schlock flooding the airwaves."
Track listing.
The physical pressing of the deluxe edition contains the four additional tracks listed above, as well as a bonus DVD featuring the video for "Country Song", a "making of the video" featurette, and a "The Making of "Holding Onto Strings Better Left to Fray"" feature, bringing the release to 16 tracks and two discs (including the bonus DVD).

</doc>
<doc id="30994358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994358" title="O-Kay for Sound">
O-Kay for Sound

O-Kay for Sound is a 1937 British comedy film directed by Marcel Varnel and starring the Crazy Gang troupe of comedians. After falling on hard times the members of the Crazy Gang are busking on the streets of London. However, they are hired as extras on a film set.

</doc>
<doc id="30994391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994391" title="Nick Garnett">
Nick Garnett

Nick Garnett (born October 1964, Liverpool, England) is an English journalist and radio broadcaster with the British Broadcasting Corporation. His main role is as the North of England reporter for BBC Radio 5 live, the news and sport network of the BBC.
Biography.
Garnett grew up in Liverpool, England. He has worked at a number of local radio stations and joined BBC Radio 5 Live in 1994.
In 1998 he was one of the first field reporters at the BBC to be issued with a Nera M4 Satellite in 1998 which enabled him to operate as a single-person radio broadcaster. His work during the British General Election of 2010 was reviewed in The Daily Telegraph.
In recent years he has moved from using traditional audio recorders to using an iPhone to record, mix and send material from the field to his radio station: known as Mobile journalism. He was one of the first reporters to regularly use a voip application to broadcast live over 3G and wifi networks. He was also one of the first broadcasters to use a live streaming camera application to broadcast live TV pictures for broadcast on the BBC News Channel from an iPhone.
He lives, with his family, in the Pennines between Leeds and Manchester.

</doc>
<doc id="30994405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994405" title="Ratnagiri Gas and Power">
Ratnagiri Gas and Power

Ratnagiri Gas & Power Private Limited (RGPPL) is a joint venture of NTPC Limited and GAIL. The company was established to takeover and revive the assets of the defunct Dabhol Power Company. RGPPL owns the India's largest gas based power plant and the LNG regasification terminal at Dabhol.
History.
The company was established on 8 July 2005, with GAIL and NTPC each holding just over 30% of its equity. The Maharashtra State Electricity Board and financial institutions hold the remaining stock.
Ratnagiri Gas & Power Pvt. Ltd (RGPPL) has operationalised the 5 MMTPA LNG Block(Commissioning cargo ‘LNG Pioneer’).The vessel carrying 1,38,000 cubic meters of Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG) docked at the jetty brought back the memories of the Enron’s aborted Dabhol Power Companys (DPC) power project. The DPC project was later taken over by the Central Government which rechristened it as RGPPL which began operations in May 2006.The RGPPL successfully began re-gasification process of the LNG thereby making the LNG jetty free to be used for regular berthing and unloading of LNG cargo. Its three power blocks supply a combined 1967 MW of electricity to India's western grid.

</doc>
<doc id="30994412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994412" title="Bill McCarthy (baseball)">
Bill McCarthy (baseball)

William John McCarthy (February 14, 1886 – February 4, 1928) was a professional baseball catcher. He played parts of two seasons in Major League Baseball, for the Boston Beaneaters in 1905 and the Cincinnati Reds in 1907. He attended Fordham University.

</doc>
<doc id="30994441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994441" title="Kriegsschule (Wehrmacht)">
Kriegsschule (Wehrmacht)

A Kriegsschule was a general military school used for basic officer training and higher education in Germany starting in as early as the 17th century. There have been many Kriegsakademies (War academy), 'Kriegsschulen' (War Schools), or even Ritterakademies (Knight academy) in Germany. The institutions were originally created to correct the defective education of the aristocracy because the knight order complained, "the young noblemen were too quickly tired of schools and studies show that even those who would choose to war over the necessity and the complaints are too easily fatigued and returned home." needed 
After the Seven Years' War (1756-1763), Frederick II was faced with the task of reorganizing and refreshing the army. Due to the war in all of the European countries, it became obvious that the education of the officers was lacking. It was believed that the experience of war taught all that was necessary. After the war, the Germans recognized the importance of science education and new educational facilities were constructed.
After the rise of a money economy and cities, mercenary troops and city-state militias appeared. Mercenary leaders were taught by a kind of apprenticeship system. However, as Machiavelli had noted, the independent mercenary troops were militarily inefficient. Feudal monarchs, and also the bourgeoisie, wanted a more reliable military force and system of command. 
In 1765, Frederick II built the Académie des Nobles (also Académie militaire) in Berlin. There young nobles were trained for military and civil service. The classes related to history, geography, philosophy, rhetoric, geometry, fortification, grammar, French, drill, dancing and horseback riding. The students went either directly to the academy or to the cadet schools. The twelve best graduates Frederick took to Potsdam to personally train in the higher art of war (Kriegskunst). These officers were the squad for staff officers.
After the king died in 1786, this tradition continued as one of secondary education until 1801. Selected participants from the "Academy for young officers of infantry and cavalry," was formed. However, after the end of first year in June 1804 became a fixed organization as an institution. The training consisted of a three-year course. From 1 September to 31 March was taught in the school while the rest of the year the officers did their service in military units. The overall management of the school was up to the Quartermaster General (precursor of the Chief of Staff) of the army. This academy was closed at the outbreak of the War of the Fourth Coalition (1806) and as a result of the defeat, it was not to be reopened.
After the war of 1806/07 began in Prussia, the reforms of the military system began. By a cabinet order of 3 In May 1810, additional to the three Kriegsschulen (Berlin, Königsberg, Breslau) were established to train officers. The Prussian Military Academy in Berlin was founded by Gerhard von Scharnhorst in October 1810, originally the Allgemeine Kriegsschule, for the Prussian state. The military college was for the training of staff officers, and was in its original form until 1914. The Prussian Military Academy is distinguished from the military schools (weapons schools), which mediated genre-specific skills and weapons of the military academies, the cadets were preparing for the officer examination (Lieutenant). The military school in Berlin was also responsible for the training of officers in charge. The department offered a three-year course of nine months of lessons, while the other three months were devoted to in service activities or practical exercises. The training included the military sciences, mathematics, chemistry, physics and languages. Admission to the course has been made subject to verification, and later from a previous three-year term. The number of participants was limited to 55.
During the liberation war from 1813 to 1815, the military school was closed. In 1816 it was named "Allgemeine Kriegsschule" and reopened. It was now completely separated from lower education (these were now called brigade schools, schools later Division) and received the status of a university. Since 1 October 1859 it was called - by a cabinet order of 19 August 1858 - officially the "Königlich Preußische Kriegsakademie" or "Royal Prussian Military Academy."
The "Kriegsakademies" (War Academies) were used in Prussian-German army until 1914 needed. The Kriegsakademie moved locations several times within Berlin. Initially it was housed in a building on Castle Road. Then they moved into a Schinkel on 'Unter den Linden', later extended by a rear building on Dorotheenstraße. This four-story brick building built in 1879-1883 consisted of the front building and an abutment. In the building, there were classrooms, offices, an area for war games, a library, and stables. It was open until the outbreak of World World I. From 1935 to 1939, the Academy was elsewhere. In the Krupp (Berlin-Moabit), it reopened.
The "Kriegsakademie" (War Academy) was originally established by the military as a kind of university which encouraged higher education and military training in the army. In later times it narrowed curriculum at the expense of general education subjects to more and more on the military sciences. The Kriegsakademie was open in principle to each officer, as participation was based on voluntary reporting. Acceptance conditions were based on a three-year prior service record, good health, in addition to being knowledgeable with scientific endeavors, special equipment, and skills were needed and pass the entrance exam. Before the applicant could take the required entrance exam, had to confirm with the regimental commander the character and professional competence of the aspirant. This process was also often used for social selection (good old Prussian replacement desired circles- or good old boys). In the Regiment, preparations were made for the entrance examination. As a rule, only graduates of the academy transferred to the General Staff, or could even exercise the Magisterium. Subjects were all military science, languages, and general historical and mathematical sciences. 
All "Wehrmacht" officers in World War II had passed through a "Kriegsschule" during their training. The Wehrmacht had five "Kriegsschulen": at Potsdam, Dresden, München, Hannover and Wiener-Neustadt.
Officer candidates, known as "Fahnenjunker"s undertook an extensive eight-week course, aimed at giving them a good knowledge of the basics of command. After completion of the course, the officer candidate moved off to his chosen "Truppenschule" or branch of service school. An example of a "Truppenschule" is "Panzertruppenschule I" in Munster, but there were also schools catering for all branches of service. Engineers, physicians and veterinarians studied longer at a military "Akademie" instead of progressing to a military branch school.

</doc>
<doc id="30994450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994450" title="Rob Stone (actor)">
Rob Stone (actor)

Rob Stone (born September 22, 1962) is an American actor and director from Dallas, Texas, best known for playing teen Kevin Owens on the 1985–1990 sitcom "Mr. Belvedere". He later became a writer and director of documentary films, and also performed as part of a band.
Biography.
Stone is a native of Dallas and is the son of Dr. Marvin and Jill Stone. His father was chief of oncology at the Sammons Cancer Center at Baylor University Medical Center.
Stone began acting at the age of 13, first appearing onstage in a production of "Santa Fe Sunshine" at the Dallas Theater Center. In 1982, he moved to Los Angeles to pursue an acting degree at the University of Southern California's drama school.
In addition to his role on "Mr. Belvedere", Stone also appeared on episodes of the American television series "The Facts of Life", "Silver Spoons", "21 Jump Street" and "Matlock".
Andrew Greeley, writing in "The New York Times", called Stone's acting in one episode of Mr. Belvedere "very sensitive". Discussing that episode, he wrote "The subtle interplay between the two young people (played by Rob Stone and Debbie Barker) provided some of the most touching and skillful scenes I've ever seen on television."
In 1986, Stone established Vienna Productions to make documentary films. The company's first project was a short film on homelessness called "The Sidewalk Motel", made in 1990. The film starred Christopher Hewett and Caroline Lagerfelt. Hewett and Stone had previously worked together on "Mr. Belvedere", in which Hewett played the title role.
Bruce Springsteen performed Woody Guthrie's song "I Ain't Got No Home" for this film. It "was shot under a Screen Actors Guild experimental letter agreement that is designed to help new directors with non-commercial projects."
Also produced by the company was the two-hour Blue Angels documentary "Blue Angels: Around the World At the Speed of Sound", hosted by Dennis Quaid. The film was shown on the Arts & Entertainment Network, and won a CableACE Award in 1995.
Other documentaries directed by Stone or produced by his production company include "Thunder Over the Pacific", hosted by Candice Bergen, and "Into the Wild Blue", hosted by Tom Skerritt, both shown on The History Channel; "The 30th Anniversary of Title IX", featuring Billie Jean King; and "Sir William Osler: Science and the Art of Medicine", narrated by Richard Dreyfuss. In 1998, Stone directed "One Vision", a documentary about film directing, which included interviews with Martin Scorsese, Oliver Stone, Quentin Tarantino, Robert Zemeckis, Sydney Pollack, Rob Reiner, Penny Marshall, and Ron Howard.

</doc>
<doc id="30994453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994453" title="2011 FIM Motocross World Championship season">
2011 FIM Motocross World Championship season

The 2011 FIM Motocross World Championship season is the 55th F.I.M. Motocross World Championship season. It will include 30 races at 15 events including Bulgaria, The Netherlands, the United States, Brazil, France, Portugal, Spain, Germany, Sweden, Latvia, Italy, the United Kingdom, Latvia, and Slovenia.
2011 Calendar.
The 2011 calendars of the FIM Motocross World Championships promoted by Youthstream were finalised on 25 October 2010. 
In MX3 two final rounds of the season, originally scheduled in Geneva (Switzerland) and in Spain on 4 and 11 September were cancelled on 20 July 2011.
Championship standings.
MX1.
Riders' Championship.
Points are awarded to the top 20 classified finishers.

</doc>
<doc id="30994458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994458" title="John Higginson (disambiguation)">
John Higginson (disambiguation)

John Higginson is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="30994478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994478" title="Jewish Quarterly">
Jewish Quarterly

Jewish Quarterly is a UK literary and cultural magazine, published 4 times a year. It focuses on issue of Jewish concern, but also has interests in wider culture and politics. It was founded by Jacob Sonntag in 1953 and has published continuously since. Recent editors have included Matthew Reisz and Elena Lappin and the current editor, Devorah Baum.
In 1974 Sonntag described the "Jewish Quarterly":
"Jewish Quarterly" sponsors the annual Jewish Quarterly-Wingate Literary Prize.

</doc>
<doc id="30994549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994549" title="Sirens (Jeff Lynne song)">
Sirens (Jeff Lynne song)

"Sirens" is a song by Jeff Lynne.
The song is the B-side to "Lift Me Up".
Track listing.
All songs written by Jeff Lynne.

</doc>
<doc id="30994594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994594" title="Minhyong Kim">
Minhyong Kim

Minhyong Kim is a South Korean mathematician who specialises in arithmetical algebraic geometry. He received his PhD at Yale University in 1990 under the supervision of Serge Lang and Barry Mazur, going on to work in a number of universities, including M.I.T., Columbia, Arizona, Purdue, the Korea Institute for Advanced Study, and UCL (University College London). He is currently Professor of Number Theory and Fellow of Merton College at the University of Oxford, and holds the Yun-san Chair in Mathematics at the Pohang University of Science and Technology.
His most notable contribution to number theory has been the application of arithmetic homotopy to the study of Diophantine problems, especially to finiteness theorems of the Faltings–Siegel type.
In 2012, Minhyong Kim received the Ho-Am Prize for Science, with the Ho-Am committee citing him as "one of the leading researchers in the area of arithmetic algebraic geometry".

</doc>
<doc id="30994608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994608" title="Robert L. Miller">
Robert L. Miller

Robert L. Miller, Sr. (July 24, 1927 – February 11, 2011), also known as Bobby Miller, was a politician and civic leader from Campbellsville in Taylor County in central Kentucky. He was principally known for his work as the mayor of the small city of Campbellsville from 1966 to 1998.
Background.
Miller was born in Taylor County to the late Martin K. Miller and the former Birdie Mae Baumgardner. He was a veteran of the United States Navy during the latter portion of World War II. He was a licensed land surveyor and a retired employee of Tennessee Gas Transmission Company, based in Gabe in Green County, Kentucky. Miller was a member of the First United Methodist Church of Campbellsville and a trustee of Methodist-affiliated Lindsey Wilson College in Columbia in Adair County. He was active in Gideons International, a religious group which distributes Bibles to schools, hotel rooms, and other public places. Miller was a benefactor of the Boy Scouts of America, which awarded him its Silver Beaver Award.
On August 31, 1947, Miller married Bernice Chapman (July 28, 1931 – December 1, 2000). The couple had a son and two daughters, eight grandchildren, and six great-grandchildren. On May 17, 2002, Miller married Jeania Judd, who had three children from a previous marriage.
Mayoral service.
After more than three decades in the nonpartisan position of mayor, Miller, a Republican, was defeated on November 2, 1998, by Realtor Paul E. Osborne of Osborne-Humphress Realty Company, a Democrat. On Miller's death, Osborne described his former opponent as "a visionary who donated countless hours of his time to make the community better. I would say that most of Campbellsville's growth was because of his leadership." Osborne credits Miller with the development of the water line to the city from Green River Lake, the expansion of Campbellsville City Park, addition of a new municipal swimming pool, and the establishment of a professional, rather than volunteer, fire department. Osborne recalls that Miller worked all day at Tennessee Gas and then came to City Hall, where he remained as long as needed visiting with constituents and handling municipal business. According to Osborne, Miller "never heard of a problem he didn't like. He tried to solve all of them."
The "Central Kentucky News-Journal", a twice-weekly publication, reported in a 1998 interview as Miller left office that Miller had always stressed the need to treat all persons the same: "Someone's problem is important to them, so I've got to make it important to me. I may not be able to solve it, but we can sure take the time to look at it." Miller did not become a full-time mayor until 1986, when he retired from Tennessee Gas.
Barry Bertram, the retired Commonwealth's Attorney from Campbellsville, noted that he and Miller had been friends for more than a half century: "You hardly ever run across anyone who didn't like Bob. He was the epitome of the public servant ... he loved his job as mayor, and he loved people. He was a genuine person with fine Christian principles."
Frank Metzmeier, a retired dentist and Campbellsville City Council member, described Miller as "one of the more outstanding members of our community. His commitment has never been surpassed . . . He looked beyond individual needs to the community as a whole." Metzmeier recalls that during the late 1970s and early 1980s, when Campbellsville experienced years of consecutive heavy rains, that Miller was often found "in the middle of the night helping to sweep basements" of his constituents. Robert Miller, Jr. (born 1949), said that his father got along well with people because he respected them: "He didn't like to tell people 'no' if he could help it. . . . He was the kind of person who could make the most of his time. He loved Campbellsville as much as anyone could. Some may love it just as much, but no one could love it more."
Since his retirement, Miller had regularly played golf and helped to develop Windsor Gardens and Bluegrass Estates. In his last four years, Miller was afflicted with Alzheimer's disease.
An historian's perspective.
Betty Jane Gorin-Smith, a retired Taylor County High School teacher and independent historian, recalls that early in Miller's tenure as mayor, public complaints went directly to the mayor's residence, rather than to a municipal secretary. Gorin-Smith said that Bernice Miller kept a notepad beside the telephone for "every drain that had to be cleaned out, every basement that needed to be pumped, every street light that was out, and every street sign that needed to be replaced. You could not visit at their house more than twenty minutes when the phone would ring, and the Millers would write down what needed to be done."
A longstanding Fruit of the Loom factory, formerly known as Union Underwear, closed its Campbellsville plant in 1998 after forty-six years in business. Gorin-Smith recalls that the city of Campbellsville had been planning to build a sewer system to treat wastewater from the plant. Miller met with Fruit of the Loom owner William F. "Bill" Farley, who purchased the company in 1985. Farley promised Miller that the Campbellsville plant would remain operational. Some four years after the implementation of the North American Free Trade Agreement, however, Fruit of the Loom bowed to globalization and ended its operation in Campbellsville, as also did the Indiana-based Batesville Casket Company. "That really hurt Bob to be betrayed like that," said Gorin-Smith."
Gorin-Smith said that Miller appreciated local history and was instrumental in the creation of the Hiestand House Museum at 1070 Campbellsville ByPass, which is named for the family of Gorin-Smith's father, David Hiestand Mitchell (1919–1995). Gorin-Smith recalls Miller's role in improvements to the Taylor County Hospital and the municipal library. Miller was also involved in the establishment of elderly housing complexes on Buckner Street and at Jackson Tower. "Ever friendly, helpful and kind, Bob Miller singly made more significant contributions to this town than any other individual in the 20th century, said Gorin-Smith.
James Alvin Hardy (born ca. 1937), a Campbellsville University administrator and Baptist minister who formerly served on the Campbellsville City Council and as mayor pro-tem, said that Miller was the most unselfish man with whom he had worked: "The most important thing was that his real love for the whole community was evident in anything he attempted to do. And he loved the employees of the city . . . he was quick to help them in a personal way, not just as mayor."
Legacy.
Mike Ramsey, a former Campbellsville councilman, said no other person had done as much for the Campbellsville community as Miller: "It's not only the big things . . . it was the little things that nobody ever knew about that made all the difference. The Miller legacy lives on."
Another councilman, Charlie Shaw, said that Miller would frequently be seen picking up trash alongside the road, weeding a flower bed, or straightening a street sign. Shaw recalls that Miller told him he wanted to be remembered as honest and fair and that Miller had tried his best in all endeavors. Shaw said that "If a man leaves this world with that , then he has been successful."
Richard RoBards, former publisher of the "Central Kentucky News-Journal", said that Miller was not without criticism but that the former mayor "had a big heart and Campbellsville was always right in the middle of it." 
Municipal mechanic Joseph "Curly" Giles, who also worked with Miller for Tennessee Gas Transmission, said there was "no finer man anywhere than Bobby Miller. He was a good boss, and as long as you did your job right, he was happy."
Services for Miller were held at Parrott and Ramsey Funeral Home in Campbellsville, with the Reverend Ron Young and the Honorable Barry Bertram officiating. Burial was in Brookside Cemetery. On the day of the funeral, flags were flown at half-staff in Campbellsville in Miller's honor at the direction of current Mayor Tony W. Young. 
Rob Collins Bell offered this summation of the Miller legacy to Campbellsville:
It was such an honor to know this remarkable man. During his time as mayor of Campbellsville, our community experienced a lot of positive growth and development. He was light years ahead of his colleagues in park development, public roadway projects and community projects that are still vibrant and relative to the people of Taylor County today. Bobby Miller's personality was always warm and he made friends everywhere he went."
Three days after Miller's death, Samuel B. Harden (1922-2011) of Campbellsville, a former Taylor County sheriff, county judge, and property tax valuation administrator, also died. "We lost two civic leaders in a short time," noted current Taylor County Judge-Executive Eddie Rogers.

</doc>
<doc id="30994634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994634" title="Six of the Best (EP)">
Six of the Best (EP)

"Six of the Best" is rock band Slade's first extended play (EP) from 1980. The EP features six tracks, three originally from the album "Return to Base" which was released in 1979, two tracks that featured from the 1981 album "We'll Bring the House Down" and the track "9 to 5" which was exclusive to this release. The track eventually featured on the remastered edition of "We'll Bring the House Down".
The EP was released whilst Slade were still unpopular and before their triumph at the 1980 Reading festival in August. As a result the EP failed to chart despite being for sale at a low £1.49 as printed on the EP's cover. Shortly following the single's release, the fan club newsletter explained that there was not enough airplay to get the single to chart.
The featured track of the E.P. is Night Starvation.
The EP chart into the top 5 in Belgium telemoustique chart, the band's previous album "Return to Base" peaking at #1 around the same time.
The first three tracks were named the rock side whilst the other three were named back side. The featured track was the opener Night Starvation.
The three tracks were used from the "Return to Base" album, "I'm A Rocka", "Don't Waste Your Time" and "The Wheels Ain't Coming Down" were slightly remixed for this extended play.
Jim Lea personally created the extended play's artwork.
The single peaked at #449 for 1980 on rateyourmusic for overall singles.
When I'm Dancin' I Ain't Fightin' was later covered by The Wall and The Dummies which was a project of Slade's bassist Jim Lea. 
A promotional 7" single was released to support the E.P., featuring Night Starvation as the a-side and When I'm Dancin' I Ain't Fightin' as the b-side. It was released on 10 May 1980.
For the Dutch and Belgian market, an E.P. titled Three of the Best - Alive at Reading was released in 1980, featuring the entire Six of the Best E.P., minus I'm A Rocka and Don't Waste Your Time as the a-side. This was although the title stated 'Three of the Best'. The b-side features the entire Alive at Reading '80 E.P.
Background.
In 1980, Noddy Holder was interviewed for the Slade fan club. He spoke about some of the songs that appeared on the E.P. ""After "Return to Base", then there was a period of us writing songs and seeing how they turned out. Like "When I'm Dancin' I Ain't Fightin'" and "9 to 5" - to us they were all good songs - but they didn't sell huge quantities of records. Therefore we got to a point where we thought that we'd cool it for a little while, and not go in the studio. Jim was working on his band The Dummies - so me and Jim decided to write a song specifically for them. It wasn't written as a Slade song, because Jim had the idea in his mind how he wanted to do The Dummies record. He played the tune to me, I wrote the lyrics to it - he worked out how he wanted to do it, and the final record got lots of radio play. So we knew that we could still write songs that would get played on the radio. Then it was a case of thinking "where do Slade go from here?" We now knew that our songs were strong. Then the Reading Festival came along. You've seen the reaction on "When I'm Dancin' I Ain't Fightin'" now - when we first brought the track out on the "Six of the Best EP", it didn't see the light of day as far as charts were concerned - but now it's on the Reading EP and all the crowds are singing it!""
Critical reception.
Charlie Gillett of Music Week positively reviewed the EP on the 28th June 1980, ""Rasping guitar, spot-on Holder vocals, earthy and commercial, catchy riff. Six cuts, no duffs. Slade are no has-beens.""

</doc>
<doc id="30994652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994652" title="Greenacre (Farmington, Maine)">
Greenacre (Farmington, Maine)

Greenacre is a historical house located in Farmington, Maine. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. It is built in the Italianate style. 

</doc>
<doc id="30994674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994674" title="Ziarat District">
Ziarat District

Ziarat is a district in the north of Balochistan province of Pakistan. Ziarat town (situated at an altitude of about 2,400 meters) is headquarters of the district of the Sub division, and also of the tehsil. Khalifat Hills are the highest peak with an altitude of in Ziarat district. Ziarat District has the highest Human Development Index of all districts in Balochistan.
Administration.
Ziarat District was established in July, 1986. The district, with a population of 52855, is subdivided into two tehsils "Ziarat" and "Sinjavi" the latter is the most densely populated having a population of 32,456, while Ziarat Tehsil has a population of 18,000. The district contain a total of ten Union Councils
Demography.
The population of Ziarat district was estimated to be over 100,000 in 2005. Over 99% of the people of the area are Muslims. The main language of the district is 99 percent Pashtun kakar and Punjabi,Sindhi people.
Tourism.
Ziarat has some of the oldest Juniper forests in the world. A tourist destination, the economy of the district also benefits from orchards of apples and cherries. The Ziarat district has the highest Human Development Index of all districts in the province.
The Founder of Pakistan, Muhammad Ali Jinnah spent his last days of his life in Ziarat Residency in Ziarat.

</doc>
<doc id="30994679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994679" title="Cyprus civil society awards">
Cyprus civil society awards

The Cyprus civil society awards were established in 2008 as part of a United Nations funded project aiming to strengthen the role of civil society in Cyprus. One organization from the Greek Cypriot and one organization from the Turkish Cypriot community was presented an award for their contribution to social development in six unique categories:
The awards have been established in order to promote reconciliation and facilitate interactions between the non-governmental organization between the two conflicting communities on the island. The awards are managed and presented by a consortium consisting of from the Turkish Cypriot community; the from the Greek Cypriot community and INTRAC from the UK

</doc>
<doc id="30994680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994680" title="Harnai">
Harnai

Harnai () is the capital of Harnai District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan. It is located in the north east of Balochistan province. The town is surrounded by the cities Ziarat, Loralai and the state capital, Quetta. The population is predominantly Baluch Pashtun Afghan and speak the Waneci dialect of Pashto & Balochi.
History.
Harnai is a district in the Balochistan province. Harnai is the principal town of this district. It is located in the north east of Balochistan province. Until 2007 Harnai had been a tehsil of Sibi District, in August the Balochistan Government announced Harnai district would be created by splitting Sibi district and forming the new district from Harnai and Shahrag tehsils and the sub-tehsil of Khost.
Harnai is also popular due to the legendary Pushtu lovers 'Gul Makai' and 'Musa Jan'. A lot of epic stories are associated with these lovers of the ancient times. Their Ziarat(mazar) is situated in Sarkhan village of Harnai. Both them are buried in the same grave.Harnai is also popular for Hunting the main hunting area is tarikan ghar, Poar, Warikha and forest of bair the hunter are hunting the differenf birds and animal those area.
Geography.
Harnai is surrounded by mountainous ranges. The encircling hills have the resounding names of Khalifat and Zarghoon. 
Climate.
The minimum and maximum winter temperature of the area is -2˚C to 20˚C. The summer is extreme in the area and the minimum and maximum temperature falls between 20˚C to 48˚C. Harnai has a fertile rainy season during monsoon time. In general Harnai has a pleasant weather in winter season.
Administration.
It consists of the Tehsils i.e. Headquarters Harnai, Main Tehsil Sharig, Sub Tehsil Khost, and more small towns.
The district headquarters is in Harnai Tehsil.
So far since 2007 the following were District Heads
Geography and climate.
Harnai is surrounded by mountainous ranges. The minimum and maximum winter temperature of the area is -2˚C to 20˚C. The summer is extreme in the area and the minimum and maximum temperature falls between 20˚C to 48˚C. Harnai has a fertile rainy season during monsoon time. In general Harnai has a pleasant weather in winter season.
Demography.
Harnai has a population of about 200,000 in 1977 but may be the figure is not accurate. The town is dominated by the Rind tribe of Baloch, Tareen tribe of Pashtun and Afghans (35), syed (pachi,Bukhari,Maswani,Miagan,and Qadree)are (35%) Baloch is the Third largest ethnic group(10%). Waneci (also called Tareeno) is the language spoken in the area, which is very different in dialect from the Pashto spoken in other parts of the neighbouring districts. Majority of the people of Harnai are tareen and bugti/rind . The local people of Harnai are Baloch, Pushtuns or Afghans(Tareen Tribe),Syed (pachi,Bukhari,Maswani,Miagan,and Qadree) and Baloch Marri and Sailachi. The most populous ethnic groups of the town are Abdullani, Khadrani, Aspani, Miani, Shaikh, Wanaichi, Maraizai, and Bazani etc.
Harnai is the capital city of Harnai District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan. The main hurdle in the way of making it district was the controversies in the political parties of Harnai.

</doc>
<doc id="30994683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994683" title="Armenian tortoise">
Armenian tortoise

The Armenian tortoise ("Testudo graeca armeniaca") or Araxes tortoise is a subspecies of the spur-thighed tortoise. 
Distribution.
It can be found in Armenia, mainly in semidesert habitats of Araks Valley, as well as in the Ijevan, Noyemberyan, and Shamshadin regions.
Biota and climate.
It can be found in various habitats, including the dry steppes and grassy slopes of hills or mountains with bushes, forests, meadows, and fields. It avoids the saline soils and areas with thick vegetation.
Description.
This turtle has a flattened carapace, dark brown and yellow-cream in color, with a height equal to half the length of the carapace. The "annual rings" are clearly recognizable. The "toes" on front legs are flat and adapted for digging. Its size varies from 20 to 23 cm.
Conservation.
A concentration of 0.5 – 2.0 tortoises per hectare were registered in the Ijevan region. The approximate population in Armenia is a few thousand. "Testudo graeca armeniaca" is threatened with complete disappearance in the medium term; the harvest and the conquest of human habitats are real threats to its future. Nevertheless, it enjoys a protected area in the Khosrov State Reserve in Armenia. Specimens are kept in a number zoos of the world, in the Institute of Zoology of Armenia, and in the Center for Conservation of Biodiversity of the Institute of Botany of Armenia. Often, they are kept by terrarium keepers.

</doc>
<doc id="30994701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994701" title="Serkan Yalçın">
Serkan Yalçın

Serkan Yalçın (born 2 November 1982) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a defender for Akhisar Belediyespor in the TFF First League.

</doc>
<doc id="30994741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994741" title="Jorge Lewinski">
Jorge Lewinski

Jorge Lewinski (1921–2008) was a Polish-British photographer and soldier.
Born in Lwow, Poland (now Ukraine), in 1921, Lewinski survived Russian occupation, internment, and forced labour in Siberia. After conscription into the Polish army, he served with Allied forces in the Middle East. In 1942, he was sent to Britain to join the RAF, and afterwards settled.
In 1966, having developed a name for himself through the portraiture of artists, he became the pre-eminent photographer of artists in Britain. Subjects included Francis Bacon, LS Lowry, David Hockney, Henry Moore, Marcel Duchamp, Peter Blake, Pauline Boty, Gilbert and George, Barbara Hepworth, William Pye, Fred Pollock, Bill Redgrave, Peter Lanyon, Fe McWilliam, Alexander Katz, Marc Vaux, Albert Irvin, Maggi Hambling, Kenneth Martin, Sean Scully, Bridget Riley, Reg Butler, Anthony Gormley, Julian Trevelyan, Sheila Fell, Allen Jones, Richard Wilson, and more.
Lewinski was Senior Lecturer at the London College of Printing from 1968 to 1982, and he was admired as both a teacher and a writer on photography.
He was married to Mayotte Magnus, the photographer, and lived between England and France.

</doc>
<doc id="30994747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994747" title="Hilt Tatum">
Hilt Tatum

Oscar Hilt Tatum, Jr. (born April 22, 1934) is an American dentist notable for being the first clinician to perform a sinus lift procedure.
Education + career.
Tatum graduated from the now defunct Emory University Dental School in 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="30994755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994755" title="Baker rules">
Baker rules

The Baker rules refer to a set of negotiation process principles identifying who the parties to the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict are. The Republic of Armenia and Republic of Azerbaijan are identified as the "principal parties" and Armenian community and Azerbaijani community of Karabakh are identified as "interested parties".
The Baker rules were named after the 61st US Secretary of State James Baker III, who was appointed US top negotiator within CSCE mediation efforts to end Nagorno-Karabakh conflict. The rules on how the parties to the conflict were going to be represented during CSCE sponsored negotiations were agreed by foreign ministers of Azerbaijan and Armenia. Since the inception, Baker rules has been the core basis within the negotiation process mediated by OSCE Minsk Group.

</doc>
<doc id="30994761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994761" title="Gürkan Ekren">
Gürkan Ekren

Gürkan Ekren (born 2 August 1974) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.

</doc>
<doc id="30994790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994790" title="Neodani Fault">
Neodani Fault


</doc>
<doc id="30994807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994807" title="Wir 3">
Wir 3

Wir 3 ("en. us three") is the German version of the popular girl group K3.
History.
In 2007 Studio 100 decided to make another version of K3 abroad, because of the big success of K3 (band) in the Netherlands and Belgium. Then they were the question which country they should chose and they decided to take Germany, because it's the most populous country in Europe and the German language is similar to the Dutch one. But Germany also has another different advantage, because there are a lot of countries, where people speak German in Europe (e.g.Germany, Austria, Switzerland, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg and a little part of Belgium).
Members.
The members of the German version are like the squeezes of the Dutch members. There are three female members: 

</doc>
<doc id="30994808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994808" title="Graft (Paine)">
Graft (Paine)

Graft is a sculpture by Roxy Paine. 
It was installed on October 26–30 2008, in the National Gallery of Art Sculpture Garden. 
It is part of a "Dendroids" series begun in 1998. Made of Stainless steel, it weighs 16,000 pounds.

</doc>
<doc id="30994820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994820" title="Into the Wild (Uriah Heep album)">
Into the Wild (Uriah Heep album)

Into the Wild is the 23rd studio album by Uriah Heep. It was first released in Japan on 12 April 2011 by Universal Music Japan with 12 tracks and in SHM-CD and in Europe by Frontiers Records on 15 April 2011 with 11 tracks and in standard material; the album was released on 3 May 2011 in America. A video for its single "Nail on the Head" was released to promote this album. Uriah Heep toured in support of the album, with a US tour beginning in June. In April 2011 "Into The Wild" entered the Media Control Charts at #32. This marks the group's best chart entry in Germany since Uriah Heep's heyday, according to Blabbermouth. It was the last album by Uriah Heep to feature bassist Trevor Bolder due to his death in 2013.
Critical reception.
Response to the album has been mostly positive, many reviewers pointing, though, to its openly retrogressive appeal. "It's like Mick Box and the lads have spent the last thirty years listening to nothing but their own back catalogue and the Gillan-period Deep Purple albums", writes Brian Fischer-Giffin of Loud Online magazine, adding: "Overall however, this is really quite a good album that doesn't pander to any kind of modern trend whatsoever and wholly the type of album you'd expect from a band that's been in business longer than your dad has probably been alive." "Heep will never regain the historic impact they made in the early seventies, but this album is way too good to just tap the veterans on their shoulders and comforting/disgracing them with the words: 'Nice job gentlemen… for your age'", argued Lords of Metal e-Zine reviewer noting that "the positive energy of their live shows has been transformed excellently onto this new disc". According to Hard Rock Haven review, "the perennially underrated Mick Box delivers some first-rate guitar work here, and with each new album Bernie Shaw is becoming the definitive voice of Uriah Heep". According to Alan Holloway of Rock United Reviews, who rated the album a 7 out of 10, "despite a few niggles, however, this is a great album that should not be missed by anyone who has enjoyed Heep live or on record in the past."
Track listing.
All tracks are written by Mick Box and Phil Lanzon, unless noted otherwise.

</doc>
<doc id="30994824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994824" title="Hubert Brinkforth">
Hubert Brinkforth

Hubert Brinkforth (15 April 1916 – 5 June 1942) was a highly decorated Unteroffizier in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was the first enlisted soldier to receive the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.
Career.
Hubert Brinkforth served as a "Richtschütze" (aiming gunner) during the Battle of France. In the heavy defensive battles in the vicinity of Abbeville, his regiment was ordered to take on an advanced position, securing the beachhead, from the main battle line. At the southern rim of Huppy his 3.7 cm Pak 36 gun repulsed a British tank attack on 27 May 1940. He succeeded in destroying nine enemy tanks during the course of the 20 minute battle. For this feat he was promoted to "Gefreiter" (private) and received the Iron Cross 2nd Class. General Erich von Manstein also nominated him for the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. Brinkforth received the Knight's Cross on 1 April 1941 from General Josef Harpe at the training grounds in the Tucheler Heide. Brinkforth was killed on 5 June 1942 by Soviet artillery near Pogostje, Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="30994860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994860" title="Church of Saint John the Baptist, Maddermarket, Norwich">
Church of Saint John the Baptist, Maddermarket, Norwich

The Church of St John the Baptist, Maddermarket, is a redundant Anglican church in the city of Norwich, Norfolk, England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building, and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.
History.
There may have been a church on the site in the 11th century, but the earliest fabric in the present church dates from the 14th century. Most of the church dates from a major rebuilding between about 1445 to 1510. At some time the east end of the church was shortened. There has been a tradition that this took place in 1578 when the street was widened for a visit by Elizabeth I, but this is considered to be untrue. Following this, the major changes were to the interior of the church. At some time a medieval chancel screen was removed. In 1849 a gallery was installed at the west end. Restorations took place in the 19th century; these included rebuilding the tower in 1822, and refurbishing the interior of the roof and rebuilding the walls in 1863. Also in 1863 the interior was reordered. There was a gas explosion in 1876, in which much of the stained glass was damaged. At the beginning of the 20th century the vicar, Rev William Busby, installed items of furniture collected from other churches. In 1914–15 work was done on the Lady Chapel. The church was closed for Anglican worship in 1982, and used by a community from the Greek Orthodox Church until 1990, when it was vested in the Churches Conservation Trust.
Architecture.
Exterior.
The church is constructed mainly in flint with stone and brick dressings. The clerestory is faced with ashlar. The aisles are roofed with lead, and the rest of the church is slated. Its plan consists of a four-bay nave and chancel in one unit, north and south aisles extending the full length of the church, north and south porches, a north vestry, and a west tower. The east ends of the aisles have been converted into chapels, the south chapel being the Lady Chapel and on the north side the Jesus Chapel. The church is almost as wide as it is long. The tower is in four stages with diagonal buttresses. The bottom stage is open to the north and south, providing a passage for processions; the west arch is blocked. Above this is a rib vault decorated with twelve carved bosses. Over the west arch is a three-light Perpendicular window. In the top stage are three-light louvred bell openings on each side. The parapet is crenellated, with corner pinnacles and statues. Along the south wall of the south aisle are five buttresses, with three three-light windows in the eastern bays. The western bay incorporates a two-storey porch. Under the easternmost window is a priest's door. Also on the south wall is a sundial dating from the 17th or 18th century. Along the clerestory are eight three-light Perpendicular windows. At the east end of the chancel is a large five-light window with Decorated tracery, and at the east end of each aisle is a three-light window. The north porch also has two storeys. The arch over its doorway is decorated with a band of shields, and over the arch is a niche for a statue and a three-light square-headed window.
Interior.
At the east end of the church the altar is surrounded by a massive wooden surround, known as a baldachin. It is thought that this had been made for the church of St Miles Coslany in 1741 and moved into St John's in 1917. Behind the altar is a painting of the Last Supper attributed to the Renaissance painter Livio Agresti. There is another altar in the north aisle. The font dates from 1864, and is decorated with inlaid pieces of coloured marble. The pulpit dates from the same year. Above it is a sounding board from the 17th century. The revolving lectern dates from the 18th century, and is probably Italian. Around the church are memorials to some of the major historical personages including Joseph Stannard a Norwich School painter, mostly of marine-scenes, Walter Nugent Monck founder of the Maddermarket Theatre and to Margaret Howard, Duchess of Norfolk, who died in 1563.
The church also houses commemorations of several mayors of the City throughout the centuries including the Southerton's, Bubbin and Ralph Segram (died 1472). Segram was a merchant who became a Member of Parliament and Mayor of Norwich. He commissioned a rood screen for the church, from which two panels of painted oak are now in the Victoria and Albert Museum in London. One panel depicts both William of Norwich, holding a hammer and with three nails in his head, and Agatha of Sicily, holding pincers and her severed breast. The other panel depicts Leonard of Noblac (holding manicles) and Catherine of Alexandria, holding a sword and a book.
Located semi-obscured on the south aisle of the church's west wall is The Layer Monument, a marble mural monument installed circa 1600 which commemorates local dignitary, lawyer and mayor Christopher Layer. Its two pilasters house four figurines,- "Pax", "Gloria", "Vanitas" and "Labor". Sculpted in the art-style of Northern Mannerism collectively they utilize polarity and esoteric symbolism. The church also has identifiable associations with early British Freemasonry while a 19th-century headstone in its graveyard depicts Masonic compasses along with the ancient Greek gnostic symbol of the Ouroboros.
The church houses one of the largest collections of brasses in England, the oldest dating from the middle of the 15th century. Most of the stained glass dates from the 19th and 20th centuries, although there are fragments of 15th-century glass in the centre window of the north aisle. The east window dates from 1870 and depicts the healing of the Centurion's servant. In the north chapel is a depiction of the Annunciation made by James Powell and Sons, and in the south chapel is a Tree of Jesse from 1916, probably by King of Norwich.
The two-manual organ was made in 1888 by Norman and Beard for St Peter's Church, Lowestoft. It was moved to Norwich in 1904 and in 1913 it was rebuilt by Norman and Beard, and moved to the west gallery.

</doc>
<doc id="30994865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994865" title="Domagoj Pušić">
Domagoj Pušić

Domagoj Pušić (born 24 October 1991) is a Croatian football midfielder, currently playing for HNK Rijeka in the Prva HNL.
Club career.
Pušić started his career playing at youth level for his hometown club Osijek, with whom he signed a professional three-year contract in July 2008. He made his debut for the first team in the fifth round of 2008–09 Prva HNL season against NK Zagreb on 24 August 2008, when he replaced Ivan Miličević for the final ten minutes of the match. He scored his first goal in Prva HNL the following season in a 3–1 victory over Istra 1961. On 15 January 2011, Pušić signed a two-and-a-half-year contract, extending his stay at Osijek until summer 2013. In September 2013, Pušić signed a two year contract with HNK Rijeka, with the possibility to extend the contract for another two years.

</doc>
<doc id="30994871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994871" title="Vuoto a perdere">
Vuoto a perdere

"Vuoto a perdere" is Noemi's fifth single, released in Italy on 28 January 2011. Produced by Celso Valli and written by Vasco Rossi and Gaetano Curreri, it is the lead single from Noemi's second studio album, "RossoNoemi", released on 22 March 2011.
Music video.
The music video for "Vuoto a perdere", starring Serena Autieri and Carla Signoris, was directed by Fausto Brizzi and is the first Noemi video to be filmed in 3-D. It was released on 29 January 2011 on the website of the Italian version of the magazine "Vanity Fair".
Soundtrack.
"Vuoto a perdere" is included in the soundtrack of the sequel of "Maschi contro femmine", titled "Femmine contro maschi" and directed by Fausto Brizzi.
Personnel.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="30994875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994875" title="King Edward VII Orthopaedic Hospital, Sheffield">
King Edward VII Orthopaedic Hospital, Sheffield

The King Edward VII Orthopaedic Hospital is a former hospital in the Rivelin Valley area of Sheffield, England. The hospital closed in 1992 and the building has been converted into residential apartments.
The King Edward VII Orthopaedic Hospital owed its existence to the fondness that the people of Sheffield had for King Edward VII who died in 1910. On his death a fund was set up and the population of the City raised £18,000 in his memory with the organisers expressing a desire that the money should be used to build a hospital school for crippled children. Sheffield City Council provided extra funds when it was found that £18,000 was not sufficient to build the hospital and the Duke Of Norfolk presented the land in the Rivelin Valley on which it was to be built free of charge. Building work began in 1913 with the foundation stone being laid by the Duchess of Norfolk. W.A. Kenyon was the architect and despite delays caused by World War I the hospital opened early in 1916 and had around 120 beds along with the associated treatment rooms and operating theatre. The hospital was known as the King Edward VII Hospital for Crippled Children until 1948 and it treated patients with tuberculosis, rickets, congenital deformities and poliomyelitis. The hospital pioneered Ultraviolet ray and vitamin treatment under the orthopaedic surgeon Dr. Creswell Lee Pattison.
In 1944 some of the children were moved out of the hospital to allow treatment of wounded soldiers, in the same year the hospital was recognised as a nurse training hospital. When the National Health Service was set up in 1948, the hospital was renamed the King Edward VII Orthopaedic Hospital and placed under the administration of Sheffield No. 3 Management Committee. Further expansion followed with two new ward blocks being constructed along with a workshop for the splint makers and bedrooms for the residential staff. In 1956 a hydrotherapy pool was installed, paid for by the Greaves Charitable Trust. The hospital closed in September 1992 and has now been converted into apartments. The main hospital building along with the boiler house, entrance lodge and the octagonal outbuilding are all Grade II listed buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="30994885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994885" title="FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2011 – Women's individual normal hill">
FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2011 – Women's individual normal hill

The women's individual normal hill ski jumping event at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2011 was held on 25 February 2011 at 15:00 CET. Lindsey Van of the United States was the defending world champion.

</doc>
<doc id="30994895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994895" title="Abdul Fatah Younis">
Abdul Fatah Younis

Abdul Fatah Younis Al-Obeidi (; , sometimes transliterated "Fattah Younis" or "Fattah Younes" or "Fatah Younes"; 1944 – 28 July 2011) was a senior military officer in Libya. He held the rank of Major General and the post of minister of interior, but resigned on 22 February 2011 to defect to the rebel side in what was to become the Libyan civil war. He was considered a key supporter of Muammar Gaddafi or even No. 2 in the Libyan government.
In resigning, he urged that the Libyan army should "join the people and respond to their legitimate demands". In an interview with John Simpson on 25 February, he said he believed Gaddafi would fight to the death, or commit suicide.
On 29 July 2011, Younis was reported dead by Libya's National Transitional Council (NTC). NTC's oil minister Ali Tarhouni said Younis was killed by members of an anti-Gaddafi militia.
Career.
Younis was previously minister for public security, and attended a key meeting with the British ambassador to Egypt in 1992 where he apologised for Libya's involvement in the killing of Yvonne Fletcher, and offered to extradite her killers; he also admitted Libyan support of the IRA and offered compensation for their victims.
He had arrived in Benghazi commanding a special forces unit whose mission was to help relieve the besieged Katiba compound, which had sheltered the remaining loyalist forces in the city since 18 February, and which was undergoing almost continuous attack. He claimed to have ordered his soldiers not to shoot at protesters, and negotiated an arrangement whereby the loyalists were permitted to retreat from the building and the city.
Following confirmation that Younis had indeed defected to the side of the rebels, he was declared commander-in-chief of its armed forces. In March, a military spokesperson announced that Khalifa Haftar had replaced Younis as commander of the military; however, the National Transitional Council denied this. By April, Younis held the role of commander-in-chief of the Armed Forces, with Omar El-Hariri serving as Younis's Chief of Staff, while Haftar took the third most senior position as the commander of ground forces with the rank of lieutenant general.
Death.
On 24 July, Younis was reported by "Al Bawaba" to have been killed under "mysterious circumstances" on the first day of the Fourth Battle of Brega without specifying where they got such information. Younis denied this report in a radio interview the next day.
On 28 July, Younis was placed under arrest to face questioning in Benghazi, the "de facto" capital of Libya under the NTC, on suspicion that his family had contacts with the Gaddafi regime. The NTC said that he was summoned from the Brega front to answer questions regarding the misuse of military assets, but he never made it to the meeting.
Later that day, Younis was killed under unclear circumstances. His body and those of two other officers were found dumped on the outskirts of Benghazi. They had been shot, and the bodies burnt afterwards. NTC head Mustafa Abdul-Jalil said Younis was killed by pro-Gaddafi assailants, and the head of the group responsible had been arrested. The Libyan government gave another version of the event, saying that Younis had been killed by the rebels because they thought he was a double agent.
At his funeral, Younis was hailed as a hero of the revolution by his nephew. However, as he was laid to rest, his son broke down and yelled: "We want Muammar to come back! We want the green flag back!"
Perpetrators.
A member of the rebel special forces and close aide to Younis said that he was killed by another group of rebels known as the 17 February Martyrs' Brigade as a revenge attack for incidents that occurred when Younis was interior minister. Finance Minister Ali Tarhouni, a high-profile member of the National Transitional Council in Benghazi, said that the suspect arrested in connection with the murder was a rebel militia leader, who confessed that his subordinates shot and killed Younis, instead of bringing him to Benghazi for questioning as ordered. Tarhouni added that it was not the militia leader but his lieutenants that did it.
According to the NTC, Younis was "summoned from the front by a committee of four judges with the knowledge of the NTC's executive committee, the rebels' de facto government." However, the NTC said that it didn't know "why this arrest (warrant) was issued", "who was present at the meeting when the decision was made", or "on what basis the decision was made." According to military spokesman Colonel Ahmed Omar Bani, the judges who summoned Younis "did not have the authority do so" and "the defence minister had written a letter recalling the arrest warrant."
A rebel official, who spoke to AFP on condition of anonymity, said Younis was brought back to the Benghazi area on 27 July, and held at a military compound until 28 July, when he was summoned to the Defense Ministry for questioning. When they left the compound, two men from the security team escorting the detainees opened fire on Younis from their car with automatic weapons, said the officer, who was at the compound and saw the shooting. He said the two men were members of the 17 February Martyrs' Brigade and shouted that Younis was a traitor who killed their father in Derna, an eastern city. "The men's leader was shouting, 'Don't do it!' but they shot Younis and his two aides, and took their bodies in their car and drove away," the officer said. The NTC has confirmed that Younis was shot after he was released following questioning.
Tarhouni said it was not members of the 17 February Martyrs' Brigade but of another brigade, the Obaida Ibn Jarrah Brigade, who had killed Younis. Rebels say the Obaida Ibn Jarrah Brigade was composed mainly of former prisoners of Gaddafi's notorious Abu Salim prison in the capital Tripoli, who had always distrusted Younis. The brigade is named after one of the companions of Islam's Prophet Mohammed, and according to Reuters, the group is likely to have Islamist leanings. One rebel commander said Islamists whom Younis had targeted as interior minister may have killed him in retaliation.
Gaddafi's government claimed that a rebel militant group aligned with al Qaeda killed Younis.
Prosecution.
On 28 November, NTC chief military prosecutor Yussef Al-Aseifr announced that former NTC deputy prime minister Ali Abd-al-Aziz al-Isawi had been named chief suspect in the killing of Younis. Isawi denied involvement in the killing, saying he "never signed any decision relating to Abdel Fattah Younes."

</doc>
<doc id="30994902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994902" title="Debrecen Reformed Theological University">
Debrecen Reformed Theological University

The Debrecen Reformed Theological University (in Hungarian: "Debreceni Református Hittudományi Egyetem"), in English translation also known as Debrecen University of Reformed Theology (but the first form is the official English name) is originated from the Debrecen Reformed College of historical importance (founded in 1538). The University is one of the Hungarian centres for Protestant theological training, with a major interest in training ministers for the Reformed Church in Hungary.
In September 2011 the Ferenc Kölcsey Teacher Training College of the Reformed Church integrated into the University.
History.
Debrecen Reformed College.
Theology was taught in the Debrecen Reformed College ("Debreceni Református Kollégium" in Hungarian) right from its foundation in 1538. In a document from the general synod of the Reformed Church is talking about the high expectations to theological training in the institute:
"As the schools are gardens of the church (seminarium ecclesiae)… the languages, Latin and Greek grammar (as well as Hebrew, if possible), dialectics, rhetorics, and the free arts should be taught, these are necessary for theological studies. Then theology and the Scriptures are also to be presented to the students…"[http://drhe.hu/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=48&Itemid=118&lang=en]
The college educated generations of ministers to the Calvinist parishes in Hungary and Transylvania in the last almost five centuries.
Faculty of Reformed Theology.
The Hungarian Parliament – based on the existing higher education of the Reformed College – founded the Hungarian Royal University of Debrecen in 1912 (now University of Debrecen), which was settled in the building of the College. One of the three sections of this new institute was the Faculty of Reformed Theology. [http://unideb.hu/portal/en/node/19]. In the following decades the University had various names (according to the dominating political directions) but the theological training remained within the university until the rule of the Communist Party.
Academy of Theology.
In 1949, in the first year of the Communist Regime in Hungary the theological faculty separated from the University of Debrecen, and continued as Debrecen Reformed Theological Academy, funded by the Reformed Church in Hungary.
Theological University.
The Academy changed its name after the Change in Hungary (1989) and became the Debrecen Reformed Theological University, founder member of the 'Universitas Association' of Debrecen (which contained all universities of the city) in 1991 [http://www.drk.hu/drk0/rovidtort.htm], and is still in association with the University of Debrecen.
On 1 September 2011 the Ferenc Kölcsey Teacher Training College of the Reformed Church integrated into the University. The decision by the Reformed Church was made in 2010 and the process of integration has started in the same year. [http://www.reformatus.hu/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=26171:uj-tanev-uj-vezetes-egybeolvadas-elindult-a-felev-a-debreceni-koelcsey-fiskolan&catid=133:hatter&Itemid=508&lang=hu]
Therefore currently the university has two campuses, four institutes, eighteen departments and 1,200 students studying in its Bachelor, Master and Doctorate programs.
Campuses.
Main Building on Calvin Square.
This building is the home of two institutes: the Institute of Theology & the Institute of Applied Theology.
Institute of Theology:
The institute was found in 2011, as a result of the integration. It is responsible for these courses: MA in Reformed Theology, Master of Divinity (Theology-Ministry) and the Theology Minor.
Institute of Applied Theology:
The institute was also found in 2011, as a result of the integration. It is responsible for these courses: BA in Christian Education, MA in Christian Education, MA in Pastoral Care and Management of Organisations.
Departments belonging to these two Institutes:
Péterfia Campus.
The building of Péterfia Campus was originally the building of the Reformed Grand Grammar School, and from 1980 that of the Kölcsey Ferenc Teacher Training College of the Reformed Church. After its integration into the University, the building got the new name: Péterfia Campus.
It is located very close to the Main Building, only a few yards away from Calvin Square, named after the street it faces: Péterfia.
The campus is home of two institutes: Kölcsey Ferenc Institute of Teacher's Training and Institute of Communication and Social Sciences.
Kölcsey Ferenc Institute of Teacher's Training:
The institute was found in 2011, as a result of the integration. Its name holds the name of the former teaching college (from before 2011), creating a continuity from its historical tradition to the presence. The institute is responsible for the BA in Primary Education course.
Departments belonging to the institute:
Institute of Communication and Social Sciences:
The institute was also found in 2011, as a result of the integration. It is responsible for these courses: BA in Communication and Media Sciences and BA in Library and Computer Science. 
Departments belonging to the institute:
Academic Programs at the University.
PhD programs.
The Debrecen Reformed Theological University has PhD programs in the fields of Biblical, Systematic and Practical Theology.

</doc>
<doc id="30994914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994914" title="Evolutionary factor">
Evolutionary factor

Evolutionary factors in biology are all factors that modify the gene pool in the evolutionary process. 
The most concise definition comes from population genetics:
All processes that lead to either changes in the allele frequencies in the gene pool of a population or a new combination of alleles on the chromosome. According to modern evolutionary synthesis all those processes are the root cause of evolutionary change.
The essential evolutionary factors are 
In a wider sense, 
can also be counted as factors.

</doc>
<doc id="30994923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994923" title="Aranda (comarca)">
Aranda (comarca)

Aranda is a comarca in Aragon, Spain. Its capital is Illueca.
The Aranda and the Isuela River flow through this sparsely populated comarca located in a mountainous area of the Iberian System.

</doc>
<doc id="30994943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994943" title="Karl Brocks">
Karl Brocks

Prof. Dr. Karl Brocks (29 January 1912 – 29 May 1972) was an internationally known and respected meteorologist and a highly decorated Hauptmann der Reserve in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. After the war, he became a member of the Geophysical (later Meteorological) Institute of Hamburg University. In 1960 he was appointed full professor and head of the Institute.

</doc>
<doc id="30994946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994946" title="Putnam County Port Authority">
Putnam County Port Authority

Putnam County Port Authority is a public corporation established to develop and manage port facilities in Putnam County, Florida. Created in 1967 by Florida Law 67-1967, the port district is one of 16 in the Sunshine State. The Port Authority also owns and maintains industrial and commercial development areas. The Putnam County Board of County Commissioners serves as the governing body of the entity. Considered a component unit, elected county officials set policies and oversee major expenditures. The board does not hold regular meetings of the Port Authority; rather, meetings are held on a situational basis. Putnam County Public Works and the Port Authority are understood as blended units; as such, day to day operations are carried out by the office of Public Works.
Facilities

</doc>
<doc id="30994948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994948" title="Delphi Inscription">
Delphi Inscription

The Delphi Inscription, or Gallio Inscription at Delphi (also Gallio Inscription), is the name given to the collection of nine fragments of a letter written by the Roman emperor Claudius c. 52 CE and discovered early in the 20th century at the Temple of Apollo in Delphi, Greece. 
The reconstructed inscription begins thus:
The reference to proconsul Gallio in the inscription provides an important marker for developing a chronology of the life of Apostle Paul by relating it to the trial of Paul in Achaea mentioned in the Acts of the Apostles ().

</doc>
<doc id="30994952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994952" title="Gandu (film)">
Gandu (film)

Gandu is a 2010 black-and-white Indian film, in the Bengali language, directed by Q who has described the film as a "rap musical". It features Anubrata, Joyraj, Kamalika, Silajit, and Rii in the lead roles. The film's music is by the alternative rock band Five Little Indians. "Gandu" previewed at Yale University before making its international premiere on October 29, 2010 at the 2010 South Asian International Film Festival in New York City. "Gandu" was an official selection at the 2011 Berlin International Film Festival and was also screened at the Slamdance Film Festival.
"Gandu" has received mainly positive reviews from critics. John Reis called it "a stunning visual and narrative feast" while "Variety" said it is "a happily transgressive rhyme-fueled romp". Gandu has caused some controversy because of language and scenes of nudity and sex. Audiences have left during sex scenes. Because of the controversy the film did not have its first public screening in India until 2012 at the Osian Film Festival. The main star Anubrata Basu is shown with his penis fully erect in a love scene.
Plot.
Frustrated with his life in a poor Kolkata neighborhood, aspiring rapper Gandu steals money from his mother to finance a trip with his friend Ricksha. The two go off in a heroin-induced haze, finding it increasingly difficult to separate reality from hallucination.
The film is shot mostly in black and white stressing on the bleak existence of the protagonist. At the end of the movie, the film shifts to the color mode showing that the character is enjoying the colorful existence induced by the drug he has consumed with his friend.
Gandu also ponders on the meaning of life and what we must do with it.
Production.
"Gandu" was shot in Kolkata on a limited budget with only eight crew members. It was filmed in black and white with one scene in color and had no official script. Q. used a high-definition Canon EOS 7D Single-lens reflex camera to shoot the film. In order to prepare the cast for their nude scenes, Q. required them to undergo several workshops in which they used Boal techniques. Rituparna, who plays several different roles in the film, is Q.'s real life girlfriend.
Title track.
The film's soundtrack has garnered rave reviews as well, composed by the Calcutta-based alternative rock band Five Little Indians and mixed by London-based producer Miti Adhikari.

</doc>
<doc id="30994959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994959" title="Asus Eee PC S101">
Asus Eee PC S101

The Eee PC S101 is a netbook in the Eee PC line of personal computers manufactured by Asus. It was released for sale in the United States on November 1, 2008, with an initial MSRP of $699. Asus has since discontinued production of the S101 as it has been replaced by newer models. 
__TOC__
Reception.
The Eee PC S101 received generally favorable reviews from members of the press. Joanna Stern wrote for "Laptop Magazine" that "The Eee PC S101 is hands-down the best looking mini-notebook we have seen..." but went on to note that there were several competing netbooks that offered similar features at lower prices. "TrustedReviews" noted that the S101 visually "pushes all the right buttons" and that overall they believe that the S101 "deserves a recommendation because it's discernibly different from what else is available - something you can't say that often." 
User reaction was also positive with a 3.5/5 average score from users on CNet. Users on Newegg also responded positively with an average rating of 4/5 stars. 62% of the reviews were 5-star reviews.

</doc>
<doc id="30994978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994978" title="Kill After Kill">
Kill After Kill

Kill After Kill is the sixth studio album by the Canadian speed metal band Exciter, released in 1992.
Track listing.
All songs by John Ricci and Dan Beehler

</doc>
<doc id="30994985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30994985" title="Geek a Week">
Geek a Week

Geek a Week is the name of an art project created by comic artist Len Peralta. Started in March 2010, Peralta's goal was to create illustrations and text for cards from a hypothetical collectible card game, creating one card each week. He sought to meet many geek icons across numerous disciplines, including computing, movies, television, music, and Internet culture, then subsequently creating that person's or group's respective card. Though not his initial goal, Peralta and ThinkGeek published the set of cards in blocks of eight after Peralta completed the initial 52-card set.
History.
The idea of Geek a Week arose while Len Peralta assisted in helping Trace Beaulieu illustrate his book, "Silly Rhymes for Belligerent Children". Peralta offered his suggestion of the Geek a Week project to Beaulieu. Beaulieu found the idea exciting, and began to help Peralta set up contacts with the various personalities he sought for the project. 
Beaulieu uses his own contacts, including fellow "Mystery Science Theater 3000" alumni, Kevin Murphy, to make further plans for personalities to meet with Peralta, such as for "Weird Al" Yankovic. Some personalities that Peralta had met before or during the project helped to make further introductions; Paul and Storm was able to connect Peralta to Adam Savage. Other featured personalitiescontacted Peralta directly after seeing other nerds highlight their appearance on the cards; for exameple, Felicia Day became interested after seeing both Wil Wheaton and Jonathan Coulton announced their cards on Twitter. Several of those that participated felt the project was a positive medium for the geek culture; Savage called the project "the kind of innovative ambition that's awesome when you see someone do it", while Yankovic believed that the project would help other people of the geek culture "realize that there are more people like them, and here are these successful ones, and perhaps that will inspire them to greater achievement".
After arranging contact with the personality, Peralta would often interview the person, offering the audio as a podcast. He would then work with the personality for the card's artwork, incorporating elements that the personality was known for, amalgamated with popular culture imagery from film, television, comics, and video games. For example, Yankovic's image is similar to that of Galactus playing off the phrase "Devourer of Worlds", referencing's Yankovic's food obsession. Wheaton requested to explore duality in his card, and Peralta realized this by given Wheaton's illustration the idea of an evil twin. Savage, initially unhappy with his initial drawing, felt that Peralta's first iteration was "too harsh", and later poised for Peralta via webcam, holding the "Brazil"-inspired mask and pose that Peralta drew. The text of the card was created by Peralta, with editing help from collaborators, including Paul and Storm and Neil Gaiman. Personalities were often pleased with the pairings that Peralta created when left to decide on his own. Day, appearing as Chell from the video game "Portal", praised Peralta's art, in that "he paired me with just the right thing to make me excited to see myself". Aaron Douglas, drawn as The Comedian from "Watchmen", stated that "I love that you can be badass and a geek and I think that Len nailed it". Gaiman, depicted as "The Vault Keeper" akin to "Tales from the Crypt", believed his match was very appropriate as "there's probably little that's more iconic than one of the old EC Comics horror hosts".
Physical production.
Early in the project, Peralta has received some requests to actually produce the card set as a physical product, an idea that he kept in mind during the course of the year. In late February 2011, Peralta and ThinkGeek had arranged to print the full set in blocks of eight; Peralta will create four more cards with "secret geeks" to round out the number to 56, creating seven sets for purchase. Alongside the initial sales of the cards, special auctions on eBay were created featuring not only cards from the set autographed by the personalities depicted, but other memorabilia from those people, such as road spikes from Savage's "Mythbusters" or honey made from Gaiman's private apiary. Money from the auctions was donated to the charities Child's Play and Electronic Frontier Foundation.
Follow-up projects.
Following the success of the first "season" of 52 cards, Peralta decided to create a second series of cards, announcing the set at the 2011 DragonCon "Geek-a-Week Reunion" panel event along with several personalities that were already featured in the first set. The series was backed through a Kickstarter crowd-sourcing campaign in September 2011, aimed to produce a smaller run of cards in a "Geek-A-Week 2.0" series, offering incentives such as autographed cards for funding the project. The Kickstarter was successful, and an additional 15 cards were produced. Peralta successfully repeated the Kickstarter process in May 2012 with a third season of 15 cards, this time focused on specifically on "Legends of Video Games".

</doc>
<doc id="30995007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995007" title="2011 ADAC Formel Masters season">
2011 ADAC Formel Masters season

The 2011 ADAC Formel Masters season was the fourth season of the ADAC Formel Masters series from Germany. The points system for the 2011 season will change to reflect the system used by the FIA for World championships. The top ten drivers in each race will be awarded points as follows: 25, 18, 15, 12, 10, 8, 6, 4, 2, and 1. Pascal Wehrlein won seven of 24 races en route to claiming championship. Motopark Academy claimed teams title after their drivers Emil Bernstorff, Artem Markelov, Kean Kristensen and Mario Farnbacher occupied second, fourth, fifth and sixth place respectively. Sven Müller completed the top-3.
Teams and drivers.
A provisional entry list was revealed on 4 February.

</doc>
<doc id="30995011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995011" title="Joseph Venne">
Joseph Venne

Joseph Venne (1858–1925) was a prominent Canadian architect whose practice was located in Montreal, Quebec. During a long and distinguished career he designed more than sixty buildings in the Montreal area and three large catholic churches in Massachusetts.
Early life and architectural training.
Born in Montreal in 1858, he quickly established himself into the network of prominent architects who erected buildings for most French-speaking Montrealers.
Architectural Practice.
Mr. Venne was architect for over a hundred buildings, including several churches, schools and the famous National Monument. His buildings incorporated innovative use of materials such as steel, concrete and glass. 
He helped found what would become of the "Ordre des architectes du Québec", as well as developing a building code of the City of Montreal to establish standards of quality and safety.

</doc>
<doc id="30995025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995025" title="Julius von Soden">
Julius von Soden

Julius Freiherr von Soden (5 February 1846 – 2 February 1921) was a German colonial official and politician. He was the Governor of the colonies of Kamerun and German East Africa, and later became "Chef de Cabinet" and Foreign Minister of the King of Württemberg.
Youth and education.
Julius von Soden was born on 5 February 1846 in the barracks of the 7th Infantry Regiment in Ludwigsburg, where his father was Lieutenant Colonel. He was a member of the Evangelical Church.
In 1849 the family moved to Stuttgart. His parents died early. His mother Marie, née von Neurath, died on 28 March 1849, and his father Julius on 13 April 1854.
Julius and his three older sisters were raised by his grandmother, Charlotte von Neurath.
He started school in Korntal, then went on to high school in Stuttgart. His temporary tutor Julius Klaiber and high school teachers inspired him with an interest in antiquity, and he aspired to become
a classical scholar. Throughout his life, Soden enjoyed classical authors, especially Homer and Dante.
His view of the world was at first strongly influenced by David Strauss and then increasingly by Immanuel Kant.
After graduating in 1864, Von Soden began the study of law at the University of Tübingen, where he joined the "Corps Suevia Tübingen" student society. In the fourth semester, he moved to Göttingen. The Austro-Prussian War of 1866 created an issue, since Von Soden was a reserve class officer and a strong supporter of Otto von Bismarck, while his family sympathized with Austria. He avoided the problem by remaining in Göttingen on the basis that it was impossible to travel to the south in wartime, only returning to Tübingen for his examinations in 1869.
Von Soden then became a legal clerk in Heilbronn even if he had more interest in jurisprudence. When the Franco-Prussian War broke out in 1870, von Soden was an enthusiastic volunteer, serving in the 4th Württemberg Cavalry. He saw little action, and when peace returned left the military and returned to his legal studies, passing his second legal exam in the fall of 1871.
Travel and consulates.
Julius von Soden felt an urge to travel and see the world. He heard that German consuls, who had usually been merchants, were being replaced by civil servants, often lawyers. Von Soden took up a consular career, ready to go anywhere. He first obtained a position as vice-consul in Bucharest, then after half a year transferred to the newly established consulate in Algiers in 1872.
Von Soden loved to travel and, in the next few years, made many long voyages. After his first voyage from Marseilles to Algiers, in 1876 he was sent to Canton and then Hong Kong.
In 1879 he was assigned to Havana. From 1881 to 1882 in he was Resident Representative of the Minister to Lima, and in 1884 he was Consul General to St. Petersburg. In these positions, he came to the conclusion that promotion of trade contacts was a job for businessmen, not consuls. He also began to take a broad view of the economic importance of developing German industry, shipping and trade.
West Africa.
With the tentative start of German colonialism, von Sodens moved from a diplomatic to an administrative role.
In July 1884, he was appointed the first head commissioner of the German colony of Togoland.
A year later, in March 1885, he was appointed by Kaiser Wilhelm I as the first governor of Kamerun.
Chancellor Otto von Bismarck had a negative attitude towards von Soden's colonial aspirations, and gave him few instructions.
Von Soden's job was made difficult by lack of resources to support a colonial empire and by lack of infrastructure. Without a telegraph system, it was very difficult to simultaneously fulfill the offices of Chief Commissioner of Togoland and Consul General of the Gulf of Guinea.
In the circumstances, Von Soden emphasized a strategy of "peaceful" development of the "protected area", with the goal of maximizing the economic benefits of the colony. He envisioned a network of schools throughout the colony, with teachers to follow merchants, planters and officials. The schools would assist missionary activity as well as industrial and commercial enterprises.
Von Soden quickly realized the potential of Cameroon for plantations, and encouraged the Hamburg-based "Land- und Plantagengesellschaft" in their project in Man O' War Bay. He established an advisory council under the governor, an arbitration court and an initial customs administration. He brought the trade in spirits and arms under control.
He dealt with risings in 1886 and 1887 caused by attempts by the government to break the monopoly that the coastal tribes had over trade with the interior.
Although his policy was apparently succeeding, during a vacation at home from 13 May 1887 to January 17, 1888, he was invited by Bismarck to Friedrichsruh, where he learned that there had not been more enthusiasm for German colonial policy than before. Bismark's fall from power in 1890 did not immediately relieve him of his difficulties.
East Africa.
In 1890, the new Chancellor Leo von Caprivi asked for a study of the prospects for a new colony in East Africa. Despite a sobering report. Von Soden was appointed governor of the colony on 1 January 1891.
In German East Africa Soden was handicapped by infrastructure problems and by constant interference by the Foreign Office.
Without consulting him, the government appointed three commissioners with vague powers: Eduard Schnitzer, known as Emin Pasha, Carl Peters and Hermann von Wissmann, the two immediate predecessors of Sodens in the colonial administration. Von Soden was handicapped in his main task of reorganizing the local security forces by being a civilian whose authority was not readily recognized by the military. He found that the principles of colonial policy that he had formulated over years of experience were in conflict with the "global politics" of Kaiser Wilhelm II.
Von Soden founded the first secular state school, the Tanga School, against the wishes of the government. His objective was to train Swahili-speaking junior administrators who would help him in his policy of limiting administration to the coast and using the coastal people as his intermediaries in establishing trade links with the interior. To overcome the distrust of a purely secular education by the upper-class Swahili families, a Koranic teacher waa employed and swiftly dismissed after the missionary lobby caused an uproar in Germany. In 1893, frustrated with the obstacles imposed by his government, Von Soden asked Chancellor Caprivi to allow him to retire.
Later career.
For the next six years, Von Soden lived on his estate, for the first time undertaking the duties of a baron.
He also traveled in Germany, coming into closer contact with a governments of the states, and continued to be involved in colonial affairs as a consultant. In 1896, he became a member of the board of the "Westafrikanische Pflanzungsgesellschaft", a plantation enterprise in Cameroon.
In 1899, von Soden was surprised to be offered the post of Chief of Cabinet at the court of King William II of Württemberg. He accepted, and was successful in this very different role from his previous offices.
He was trusted and respected by the king and all with whom he came into contact as someone who would give clear and impartial opinions. His kind and always helpful nature and his sunny temperament was of great value. On 1 September 1900, von Soden married Helene von Sick (b. 5 February 1856), daughter of Major-General Hermann von Sick of Ludwigsburg. Julius was 54 years old, ten years older than his bride. Their marriage was childless, probably due to their advanced age.
In November 1900, von Soden left the King's Cabinet and became foreign minister in the Württemberg State Government. In this position, von Soden promoted improvements in the transport sector, driving forward the unification of the railroads and expanding the Württemberg branch lines.
He resigned from this post in 1906, and resumed his former post as royal cabinet chief, remaining in office until 1916. He also accepted various honorary positions including chairman of the Swabian Schiller Society (1900 to 1902 and 1906 to 1917).
After the war and the November Revolution, von Soden decided to resume his studies. In September 1920, aged 74, he returned to Tübingen where he attended lectures. His chosen subjects were spiritual in nature, philosophy, philology and aesthetics.
His retirement was short. A few months after the semester began in January 1921, he suffered a physical collapse, and after a 14-day illness, hedied on 2 February 1921, three days before his 75th birthday.

</doc>
<doc id="30995028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995028" title="Critical Reviews in Oncogenesis">
Critical Reviews in Oncogenesis

Critical Reviews in Oncogenesis () is a quarterly scientific journal published by Begell House covering the field of oncology. The editor-in-chief is Ragnhild A. Lothe.

</doc>
<doc id="30995031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995031" title="American burlesque">
American burlesque

American burlesque is a genre of variety show. Derived from elements of Victorian burlesque, music hall and minstrel shows, burlesque shows in America became popular in the 1860s and evolved to feature ribald comedy (lewd jokes) and female striptease. By the early 20th century, burlesque in America was presented as a populist blend of satire, performance art, music hall and adult entertainment, featuring striptease and broad comedy acts.
The entertainment was presented often in cabarets and clubs, as well as music halls and theatres. Performers, usually female, often created elaborate tableaux with lush, colorful costumes, mood-appropriate music, and dramatic lighting; novelty acts, such as fire breathing or contortionists, might be added to enhance the impact of their performance. The genre traditionally encompassed a variety of acts: in addition to the striptease artistes, there was some combination of chanson singers, comedians, mime artists, and dancing girls, all delivered in a satiric style with a saucy edge. The striptease element of burlesque became subject to extensive local legislation, leading to a theatrical form that titillated without falling foul of censors.
Burlesque gradually lost popularity beginning in the 1940s. A number of producers sought to capitalize on nostalgia for the entertainment by attempting to recreate the spirit of burlesque in Hollywood films from the 1930s to the 1960s. There has been a resurgence of interest in this format since the 1990s, and it inspired a 2010 musical film, "Burlesque", starring Christina Aguilera and Cher.
Literary and theatrical origins.
The term "burlesque" more generally means a literary, dramatic or musical work intended to cause laughter by caricaturing the manner or spirit of serious works, or by ludicrous treatment of their subjects. Burlesque in literature and in theatre through the 19th century was intentionally ridiculous in that it imitated several styles and combined imitations of certain authors and artists with absurd descriptions. Burlesque depended on the reader's (or listener's) knowledge of the subject to make its intended effect, and a high degree of literacy was taken for granted.
Victorian burlesque, sometimes known as "travesty" or "extravaganza", was popular in London theatres between the 1830s and the 1890s. It took the form of musical theatre parody in which a well-known opera, play or ballet was adapted into a broad comic play, usually a musical play, often risqué in style, mocking the theatrical and musical conventions and styles of the original work, and quoting or pastiching text or music from the original work. The comedy often stemmed from the incongruity and absurdity of the classical subjects, with realistic historical dress and settings, being juxtaposed with the modern activities portrayed by the actors. The dialogue was generally written in rhyming couplets, liberally peppered with bad puns. A typical example from a burlesque of "Macbeth": Macbeth and Banquo enter under an umbrella, and the witches greet them with "Hail! hail! hail!" Macbeth asks Banquo, "What mean these salutations, noble thane?" and is told, "These showers of 'Hail' anticipate your 'reign'". A staple of theatrical burlesque was the display of attractive women in travesty roles, dressed in tights to show off their legs, but the plays themselves were seldom more than modestly risqué.
Burlesque in America.
There were three main influences on American burlesque in its early years: Victorian burlesque, "leg shows" and minstrel shows. British-style burlesques had been successfully presented in New York as early as the 1840s. They achieved wide popularity with productions by Lydia Thompson and her troupe, the British Blondes, who first appeared in the United States in 1868. "Leg" shows, such as the musical extravaganza "The Black Crook" (1866), became popular around the same time. The influence of the minstrel show soon followed; one of the first American burlesque troupes was the Rentz-Santley Novelty and Burlesque Company, created in 1870 by Michael B. Leavitt, who had earlier feminized the minstrel show with his group Madame Rentz's Female Minstrels. American burlesque rapidly adopted the minstrel show's tripartite structure: part one was composed of songs and dances rendered by a female company, interspersed with low comedy from male comedians. Part two featured various short specialties and olios in which the women did not appear. The show's finish was a grand finale. Sometimes the entertainment was followed by a boxing or wrestling match.
Originally, burlesque performances included comic sketches lampooning the upper classes and high art, such as opera, Shakespearean drama, and classical ballet. The genre developed alongside vaudeville and ran on competing circuits. Possibly due to historical social tensions between the upper classes and lower classes of society, much of the humor and entertainment of later American burlesque focused on lowbrow and ribald subjects.
By the 1880s, the four distinguishing characteristics of American burlesque had evolved:
The artist and writer Jerome Myers gave a view of burlesque as observed in the working-class neighborhoods of New York in the early years of the 1900s: 
Charlie Chaplin (who starred in the 1915 film "Burlesque on Carmen") noted in 1910: "Chicago ... had a fierce pioneer gaiety that enlivened the senses, yet underlying it throbbed masculine loneliness. Counteracting this somatic ailment was a national distraction known as the burlesque show, consisting of a coterie of rough-and-tumble comedians supported by twenty or more chorus girls. Some were pretty, others shopworn. Some of the comedians were funny, most of the shows were smutty harem comedies – coarse and cynical affairs".
By the early 20th century, there were two national circuits of burlesque shows, as well as resident companies in New York, such as Minsky's at the Winter Garden. The uninhibited atmosphere of burlesque establishments owed much to the free flow of alcoholic liquor, and the enforcement of Prohibition was a serious blow. The popular burlesque show of this period eventually evolved into the striptease which became the dominant ingredient of burlesque by the 1930s. At first soubrettes showed off their figures while singing and dancing; some were less active but compensated by appearing in elaborate stage costumes. Exotic "cooch" dances (similar to bellydancing) were brought in, ostensibly Syrian in origin. Strippers gradually supplanted the singing and dancing soubrettes; by 1932 there were at least 150 strip principals in the US. The transition from traditional burlesque to striptease is depicted in the film "The Night They Raided Minsky's" (1968).
By the late 1930s, a social crackdown on burlesque shows began their gradual downfall. The shows had slowly changed from ensemble ribald variety performances, to simple performances focusing mostly on the striptease. In New York, Mayor Fiorello LaGuardia clamped down on burlesque, effectively putting it out of business by the early 1940s. Burlesque lingered on elsewhere in the U.S., increasingly neglected, and by the 1970s, with nudity commonplace in theatres, American burlesque reached "its final shabby demise".
Burlesque shows on film.
During its declining years and afterwards, films sought to capture the spirit of American burlesque. For example, in "I'm No Angel" (1933), Mae West performed a burlesque act. The 1943 film "Lady of Burlesque", although a murder-mystery, spends much of its running time depicting the back-stage life of burlesque performers.
The first motion-picture adaptation of an actual burlesque show was "Hollywood Revels" (1946). Much of the action was filmed in medium or long shots, because the production was staged in a theater and the camera photographed the stage from a distance. In 1947, film producer W. Merle Connell reinvented the filmed burlesque show by restaging the action especially for films, in a studio, where he could control the camerawork, lighting and sound, providing close-ups and other studio photographic and editorial techniques. His 1951 production "French Follies" recreates a classic American burlesque presentation, with stage curtains, singing emcee, dances by showgirls and strippers, comic sketches and a finale featuring the star performer. The highlight is the famous burlesque routine "Crazy House", popularized earlier by Abbott and Costello. Another familiar sketch, "Slowly I Turned" (later famous as a Three Stooges routine), was filmed for Connell's 1953 feature "A Night in Hollywood".
Other producers entered the field, using color photography and even location work. "Naughty New Orleans" (1954) is an example of burlesque entertainment on film, equally showcasing girls and gags, although it shifts the venue from a burlesque-house stage to a popular nightclub. Photographer Irving Klaw filmed a very profitable series of burlesque features, usually featuring star Pin-up girl Bettie Page and various lowbrow comedians (including future TV star Joe E. Ross). Page's most famous features are "Striporama" (1953), "Varietease" (1954) and "Teaserama" (1955). These films, as their titles imply, were only teasing the viewer: the girls wore revealing costumes, but there was never any nudity. In the late 1950s, however, provocative films emerged, sometimes using a "nudist colony" format, and the relatively tame burlesque-show film died out.
As early as 1954 burlesque was already considered a bygone form of entertainment; burlesque veteran Phil Silvers laments the passing of burlesque in the musical "Top Banana". "The Night They Raided Minsky's" (1968) celebrates classic American burlesque.
Neo-Burlesque.
A new generation nostalgic for the spectacle and perceived glamour of the old times determined to bring burlesque back. This revival was pioneered independently in the early 1990s by Billie Madley's "Cinema" and later with Ami Goodheart in "Dutch Weismann's Follies" revues in New York, Michelle Carr's "The Velvet Hammer" troupe in Los Angeles, and The Shim-Shamettes in New Orleans. Ivan Kane's Royal Jelly Burlesque Nightclub at Revel Atlantic City opened in 2012. Inspired by old time stars like Sally Rand, Tempest Storm, Gypsy Rose Lee and Lili St. Cyr, more recent performers include Dita Von Teese, Julie Atlas Muz and Agitprop groups like Cabaret Red Light, who have included political satire and performance art in their acts. 
Today Neo-Burlesque has taken many forms, but all have the common trait of honoring one or more of burlesque's previous incarnations, with acts including striptease, expensive costumes, bawdy humor, cabaret and comedy/variety acts. There are modern burlesque performers and shows all over the world, and annual conventions such as the Vancouver International Burlesque Festival, the New York Burlesque Festival created by burlesque star Angie Pontani and Jen Gapay, and the Miss Exotic World Pageant are held. In 2008, "The New York Times" noted that burlesque had made a comeback in the city's art performance scene.
A 2010 musical film "Burlesque", starring Christina Aguilera and Cher, attempted to capitalize on the current revival of burlesque. However, it received mixed reviews and a score of 37% on movie website Rotten Tomatoes. Critics found it "perversely tame" and "closer to your grandmother’s fan dance than to the neo-burlesque revues that began popping up in the early 1990s". Additionally, it "wags its derrière, in the direction of new burlesque, but it’s strictly old school ... with a story line that had already gathered dust by ... 1933."

</doc>
<doc id="30995041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995041" title="Mobashar Qureshi">
Mobashar Qureshi

Mobashar Qureshi is a Canadian novelist and short story writer and was born in Benin City, Nigeria in 1978. When he was eight his family moved to Karachi, Pakistan, staying there for over a year and then moving to Toronto, Canada, where he now resides. Qureshi graduated from the University of Toronto with a degree in Economics.
Qureshi wrote his first novel, the unpublished sci-fi/horror thriller "The Terror Birds" at the age of eighteen. During university, Qureshi wrote a detective novel, "An Unforgettable Mistake", about a detective mourning the loss of his wife. After many rejections from publishers and agents the novel was shelved away and remains unpublished. After graduating Qureshi wrote short stories for the amusement of himself and his friends and many are now available in a collection titled, "Ten Typewriter Tales". As he entered the work force, he had to confine his writing to evenings and weekends, developing his writer’s voice, until he completed his first fully realized novel, "R.A.C.E.", published by The Mercury Press in 2007. "R.A.C.E." is a comedy/mystery about a parking officer who is assigned by his precinct to save Toronto from radical criminals bent on developing black-market narcotics. The debut novel was critically acclaimed and the Canadian literary review magazine Quill and Quire named Qureshi one of the top ten Canadian emerging mystery writers for 2007.
During the writing of "R.A.C.E". Qureshi began plotting his next novel which would eventually become "The October Five" published by The Mercury Press in 2009. "The October Five", another mystery, is about the ongoing investigation into a series of brutal murders by Chicago Homicide Detective Karl Whaler. The novel has a unique cast of characters; principally, five Viet Nam veterans, who regularly meet secretly in a room.
Taking his police procedural narrative in a different direction, Qureshi’s most recent novel is "The Paperboys Club". This mystery/thriller with a psychological twist again features intriguing characters including a troubled mental patient who possesses three extraordinary powers; three children who each have a different one of each of these powers and the mother of one of the children, a female police detective who must solve a cold case in order to earn a promotion.
"The Paperboys Club" marked an exciting new direction in publishing for Qureshi as he released the novel on-line as an e-book, along with his previous two titles, and his short story collection.
Qureshi, like most novelists, is an avid reader and he has had many influences on his writing career, including his favourite writer, Michael Crichton. As Qureshi explains it, he is inspired by the way Crichton continued to reinvent and challenge himself with each book he produced by moving from genre to genre. Qureshi made a conscious decision not to repeat himself after "R.A.C.E." by publishing another novel featuring the affable lead character Jon Rupret. While the publishing world seems to encourage writers to develop a series of books based on one or two popular characters Qureshi prefers to pursue his own muse and see where that takes him.

</doc>
<doc id="30995047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995047" title="Dallas County Courthouse (Iowa)">
Dallas County Courthouse (Iowa)

The Dallas County Courthouse in Adel, Iowa, United States was built in 1902. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973, and is a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the fourth building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
History.
Dallas County’s first courthouse was a log cabin constructed of cottonwood logs and served the county from 1848-1853. A second courthouse was built and used for another five years when the third courthouse was built. It was a two-story brick structure that measured 64 by 42 feet, and was built for $20,000. The present courthouse was authorized around the turn of the 20th century and its dedication was held in September 1902.
Architecture.
The courthouse, designed by the Des Moines architectural firm of Proudfoot & Bird, was modeled on a French castle and cost $109,243 to build. It is constructed of Bedford stone and features a tower that is 128 feet (39 m) high. Statues of the goddess of Justice flank the main entrance. A clock that cost $1,000 is in the tower. An ongoing renovation project in recent years has seen courtrooms and halls repainted in their original color schemes and the rotunda has been restored. New light fixtures match the wrought iron of the Grand Stair Case. The final stage of the project is an $80,000 restoration of the artwork on the ceiling.

</doc>
<doc id="30995050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995050" title="Pontifical Catholic University of Puerto Rico at Mayagüez">
Pontifical Catholic University of Puerto Rico at Mayagüez

The Pontifical Catholic University of Puerto Rico at Mayagüez is a university located in the city of Mayagüez, Puerto Rico. It is part of the Pontifical Catholic University of Puerto Rico.
The university began as an extension of the Catholic University of Puerto Rico in the early 1960s. In 1982 it was awarded the official title of "Center", and later it became the Mayagüez Campus of the Pontifical Catholic University of Puerto Rico at Mayagüez in 1996. During the 1989-1990 academic year the facilities in the Calle Ramón Emeterio Betances were inaugurated.
The campus includes two buildings. The enrollment is above two thousand students and the faculty part-time and full-time is composed of about one hundred professors.
It offers associates and bachelors degrees. It also offers masters degrees in three areas: Business administration (4 concentrations), education (3 concentrations) and social sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="30995076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995076" title="Edward Innes Pocock">
Edward Innes Pocock

Edward Innes Pocock (3 December 1855 – 14 January 1905) was a Scottish rugby union player. Playing at three-quarters, Pocock gained two caps for Scotland while representing Edinburgh Wanderers at club level. A soldier by profession, he served in Cecil Rhodes' Pioneer Column. On leaving the army he became a civil servant holding several posts as Mining Commissioner in various districts of Rhodesia.
Early history.
Pocock was born in Clifton, Bristol in 1855, the son of Rev. Nicholas Pocock and his wife Edith. Pocock's Great grandfather was marine artist Captain Nicholas Pocock, while his younger brother Reginald Innes Pocock was a notable zoologist. Pocock was educated at Clifton College from 1872–75 and after leaving school he joined the British Army, being posted to Edinburgh.
Rugby career.
Pocock played rugby while still a schoolboy, and in his final year he represented Clifton College. In 1873 he played his first game for local team Clifton Rugby Football Club, but on his posting to Edinburgh, during the 1876/77 rugby season, he turned out for Edinburgh Wanderers. In 1877, while playing for Wanderers, Pocock was approached by the Scottish Rugby Union to represent Scotland in the 1877 Test match against Ireland. The Scottish Rugby Union needed to gain permission from the Rugby Football Union to play Pocock due to his nationality. Although Pocock was a quick player and scored many tries at club level, he was supported by a very strong Wanderers pack; at international level he was far more exposed. Pocock had a very good game for Scotland against Ireland, scoring a try on this debut match which Scotland won 6–0. Pocock was reselected for the very next game, played in Edinburgh against England just a month later. Despite a win for Scotland from a solitary dropped goal from Malcolm Cross, Pocock had a terrible match, and at one point was moved out of his three-quarter position and into the forwards. Pocock, never a favourite with the Scottish spectators due to being English, was never selected for Scotland again.
Military career.
In 1880, Pocock was posted to Brighton into the cavalry regiment, the 16th Lancers. That year he was promoted from Assistant Commissary to Deputy Assistant Commissary-General. From Brighton he was posted to Aldershot and later abroad to India and the West Indies. In 1885 he was promoted to the honorary rank of captain. In 1888 he joined the newly formed Royal Army Service Corps, retaining his rank of honorary captain. Stationed initially in Dublin, he was later posted in Claremont, Cape Town in South Africa. He resigned his commission in 1890 to join Cecil Rhodes' newly formed Pioneer Column, and was appointed to C Troop on 18 April. He was part of the Pioneer Column Expedition that annexed Mashonaland, but before the column left Macloutsie in Bechuanaland on 28 June, he was re-appointed to B Troop.
Later life in Africa.
The Pioneer Corps was disbanded on 1 October 1890, and the members of the company were offered a parcel of land to farm, which included mining rights. Pocock took up the option and acquired a farm in one of the richest farming areas just outside Salisbury. Despite this, Pocock later wrote to his mother saying he had given up farming, and had instead gone into a gold mining business with an O. R. Armstrong.
After selling his farmland to Sir Francis Newton, Pocock moved from varying jobs to another. In 1893 he prospected and developed mining properties in the Lomagundi District, but that year he was hospitalised in Salisbury with an abscess on his knee. While recovering he joined the Civil Service and organised Salisbury's Queen's Birthday Gymkhana of 1894. Pocock was later made a mining commissioner, and was present when Trooper Cooper of the British South Africa Company's Police was fatally stabbed while collecting hut tax. He was appointed Gwelo District Mines Inspector in February 1896, and in March 1898 he was appointed Mining Commissioner to replace A.J. Jameson who had been murdered by locals the previous June.
During an uprising in 1896, Pocock was made captain of the Gwelo District Volunteers, and between September and October 1896 he was placed in command of Fort Gibb. He was stabbed in the arm by a spear during a conflict on 24 October 1896. He took leave in January 1897 returning to England, and was still in the country for his father's death in March. Pocock returned to Rhodesia in August 1897. In 1897 he was made mining commissioner of Lomagundi District, though he resigned from the Civil Service in 1901. Pocock was then hired by United Excelsior Mines, and was placed in charge of the Alliance Mine in the Abercorn District. Mining operations ceased at the mine in 1903, but he remained living at the property.
Throughout his time in Rhodesia, Pocock suffered from bouts of malaria. These became more and more serious until he contracted black water fever. Due to a flooded river, he was prevented from reaching the hospital for three days, and on arrival he was seriously ill. He died at the hospital from pneumonia and was buried at Pioneer Cemetery in Salisbury.

</doc>
<doc id="30995080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995080" title="Fukozu Fault">
Fukozu Fault


</doc>
<doc id="30995085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995085" title="Malcolm Stewart (actor)">
Malcolm Stewart (actor)

Malcolm Stewart (born May 15, 1948) is a Canadian film actor. Stewart graduated from the University of Vermont.

</doc>
<doc id="30995116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995116" title="Crystal Mall (Connecticut)">
Crystal Mall (Connecticut)

Crystal Mall is an enclosed, two-level regional mall in Waterford, Connecticut. It is situated in a central retail area off the Hartford Turnpike (Route 85), across from another large shopping center, "Waterford Commons". The mall covers a gross leaseable area of almost 800,000 square feet, making it Connecticut's ninth biggest mall, boasting over 130 shops. Its primary trade area includes a trade population of about 300,000 people, mostly serving the nearby towns of Waterford, Norwich, Groton and New London.
History.
The mall was developed in 1984 by Simon Property Group. When it opened, it was the only regional mall in the area, and many smaller shopping centers faced strong competition. Some, like nearby "New London Mall", were eventually forced to change strategies, such as becoming a "lifestyle center".
After about 10 years in operation, "Crystal Mall"'s look was becoming outdated, and management realized it needed to be renewed. In 1997, the mall underwent a renovation to upgrade its interior design. The previous dark color scheme was replaced by a brighter white, the food court was remodeled, and lighting as well as other fixtures were improved. The elegant center chandelier was slated to be removed during the renovations, but the fixture was popular with shoppers, so it was shined and has remained. Unfortunately, the mall has still been criticized for its aging exterior look, and for not updating its tenants to keep up with the times.
In 2006, one of the mall's longstanding anchors Filene's closed its store, as this was one of a number of New England Malls that had both a Macy's and Filene's. After the May Co Department Store Company was purchased by Federated Department Stores (now renamed Macy's) duplicate stores were closed at many New England malls. The anchor space remained empty for over a year. In late 2007, it was announced that two non-traditional anchors would fill the vacant space: Christmas Tree Shops and Bed Bath & Beyond. Both retailers opened a few months later in early 2008, with Christmas Tree Shops on the first level, and Bed Bath & Beyond on the second level.
Events.
Gift Cards 
In 2004, the State of Connecticut began a lawsuit against Simon Property Group, the owners of "Crystal Mall". The issue stemmed from the fact that Simon charged dormancy fees, and also set an expiration date on its gift cards, which is against state law. The allegations were settled in 2008, with Simon Property Group paying a total of $308,736 to affected customers and the state. However, a debate has been ongoing since the issue began, that allows Simon to effectively curb state laws by using national banks, which are under federal jurisdiction.
Mall Evacuation
On January 25, 2010, "Crystal Mall" was shut down and evacuated after shoppers reported smelling a strange odor. Several people felt ill, and the Connecticut Department of Environmental Protection Hazardous Materials team, as well as firefighters were called in to investigate the source.
It had another renovation in 2012, and the renovation also left behind new stores.
Anchors.
Current anchors:
Former anchors:

</doc>
<doc id="30995123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995123" title="Patronato">
Patronato

Patronato may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30995133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995133" title="Campo de Borja">
Campo de Borja

Campo de Borja is a "comarca" (district) in Aragon, Spain. It is located in the province of Zaragoza, in a transition area between the Iberian System of mountain ranges and the Ebro Valley. Its capital is Borja.
It is a wine-producing comarca, famous for its Campo de Borja wines, both red and white.

</doc>
<doc id="30995137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995137" title="Critical Reviews in Physical and Rehabilitation Medicine">
Critical Reviews in Physical and Rehabilitation Medicine

Critical Reviews in Physical Rehabilitation Medicine () is a quarterly scientific journal published by Begell House covering the field of physical medicine and rehabilitation. The editor-in-chief is Martin Grabois.

</doc>
<doc id="30995153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995153" title="Yakovlevsky (rural locality)">
Yakovlevsky (rural locality)

Yakovlevsky (; masculine), Yakovlevskaya (; feminine), or Yakovlevskoye (; neuter) is the name of several rural localities in Russia.
Arkhangelsk Oblast.
As of 2010, four rural localities in Arkhangelsk Oblast bear this name:
Ivanovo Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Ivanovo Oblast bear this name:
Kaluga Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Kaluga Oblast bears this name:
Kirov Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Kirov Oblast bears this name:
Komi Republic.
As of 2010, one rural locality in the Komi Republic bears this name:
Kostroma Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Kostroma Oblast bear this name:
Kursk Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Kursk Oblast bears this name:
Moscow Oblast.
As of 2010, four rural localities in Moscow Oblast bear this name:
Pskov Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Pskov Oblast bears this name:
Tula Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Tula Oblast bears this name:
Tver Oblast.
As of 2010, four rural localities in Tver Oblast bear this name:
Vologda Oblast.
As of 2010, four rural localities in Vologda Oblast bear this name:
Yaroslavl Oblast.
As of 2010, seven rural localities in Yaroslavl Oblast bear this name:

</doc>
<doc id="30995181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995181" title="Andrej Pejić">
Andrej Pejić

Andrej Pejić (English pronunciation: or ) (born 28 August 1991) is an Australian androgynous model of Bosnian Croat and Bosnian Serb ethnicity. Pejić has described herself as living "in between genders" and has stated a preference for female pronouns.
Early life.
Pejić was born in Tuzla and has one older brother, Igor. Pejić's mother, Jadranka Savić (Cyrillic Script: Јадранка Савић), is a Bosnian Serb, and Pejić's father, Vlado Pejić, is a Bosnian Croat. The couple divorced shortly after Pejić's birth. During the Bosnian War, Pejić and Igor fled to Serbia with their mother and grandmother, settling in a refugee camp near Belgrade. 
After the refugee camp, the family settled in Vojska village near Svilajnac.
After the 1999 NATO bombing of Serbia, Pejić's mother felt unsafe and decided to initiate the process of emigration to Australia. In 2000, the family moved to Melbourne, Victoria, Australia as political refugees when Pejić was eight years old. 
While attending high school at University High, Pejić was described as being 'academically brilliant.'
Career.
It has been reported that Pejić was scouted as a model just before turning 17 while working at McDonald's, but she has also referenced being scouted at a swimming pool whilst still in high school in Melbourne.
Pejić is notable for modelling both male and female clothing. In the Paris fashion shows of January 2011, Pejić walked both the men's and women's shows for Jean-Paul Gaultier and the men's shows for Marc Jacobs. In May 2011, Pejić's magazine cover for the New York-based magazine "Dossier Journal"in which Pejić is pictured taking off a white shirt with long blond locks in curlerswas ruled too risqué by US bookstores Barnes & Noble and Borders, which covered the image with an opaque sleeve. Concerns were expressed that customers would read Pejić as a topless woman.
At the Stylenite in July 2011, Andrej Pejić appeared on the catwalk both in male and female clothes from Michalsky. The following year, Pejić stunned audiences by wearing bridal creations by Spanish designer Rosa Clara at Barcelona’s Bridal Week 2013.
, Pejić ranks no. 18 on the models.com Top 50 Male Models list, and was ranked no. 98 in "FHM" magazine's 100 Sexiest Women in the World 2011 an award that was criticized for its hostile tone to transgender individuals, especially transgender women; the magazine referred to Pejić as a 'thing,' commenting, 'Pass the sick bucket'. FHM subsequently removed the copy accompanying Pejić's entry and posted an apology.
On 6 August 2012, Pejić appeared as a guest judge on "Britain & Ireland's Next Top Mode"l.
In 2013, Pejić appeared alongside Iselin Steiro, Saskia de Brauw, Tilda Swinton and David Bowie in the video for Bowie's 2013 single "The Stars (Are Out Tonight)".

</doc>
<doc id="30995183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995183" title="Western Maryland Regional Medical Center">
Western Maryland Regional Medical Center

Western Maryland Regional Medical Center (WMRMC) is a hospital located in Cumberland, Maryland in Allegany County. The facility, which opened on November, 21 2009, is owned by the Western Maryland Health System (WMHS). It was established as a combination of Memorial Hospital (Cumberland) and Sacred Heart Hospital (Cumberland), both of which are now closed. It is sometimes confused with Western Maryland Hospital Center, a state-run rehabalitation hospital located in Hagerstown, Maryland.
History.
Established as the Western Maryland Hospital in 1888, Memorial Hospital moved to its current location on Memorial Avenue in Cumberland, Maryland in 1929 and was renamed in honor of those who gave their life in World War I. Memorial Hospital was once owned and operated by the City of Cumberland and became a private non-profit organization in the early 1980s. Afterwards, Memorial was owned by the Cumberland Memorial Hospital Corporation.
Sacred Heart Hospital was first incorporated as Allegany Hospital in 1905 and moved from its original site on Decatur Street to the Seton Drive facility in 1967. The Daughters of Charity were asked to come to Cumberland to operate the hospital in 1911. Between 1935 and 2006, the hospital was known as Sacred Heart Hospital. The hospital was briefly known as WMHS Braddock Campus before the opening of the Western Maryland Regional Medical Center in 2009. 
In an effort to effectively manage local healthcare resources, Cumberland Memorial Hospital Corporation and Sacred Heart Hospital joined together in April 1996 to form the Western Maryland Health System (WMHS). Working together, the two hospitals were able to expand the range of healthcare services available to local residents and successfully meet the challenges associated with an ever-changing healthcare industry.
In 2005, the Western Maryland Health System made the decision to build a new hospital in Cumberland that would replace both Memorial and Sacred Heart hospitals. As their original facilities were less than two blocks apart in the early 20th Century, both hospitals in a sense would come fill circle by becoming a single hospital.
Construction of the new hospital.
On October 25, 2006, the Western Maryland Health System broke ground on the construction of a new hospital. The location on Willowbrook Road was chosen due to its proximity to the Allegany County Health Department, Allegany College, which has a nursing program, and the Thomas B. Finan Center, the local inpatient psychiatric hospital.
The project involved the reuse of several large buildings, including one previously used as the corporate headquarters of the The Kelly Springfield Tire Company as well as another that was formerly a call center used by M%26T Bank. Because the site of the Allegany County Health Department was both an aging facility as well as the optimal location for a hospital, the Allegany Health Department was relocated to the first floor of the former Kelly building as well as the building formerly used as a tire testing facility. The Allegany Health Department was then demolished to make way for the new hospital.
On November 21, 2009, the Western Maryland Regional Medical Center opened on Willowbrook Road in Cumberland, effectively consolidating the Western Maryland Health System within the city into one centralized facility. By 3:30 PM that same day, all patients from both Memorial Hospital and Sacred Heart Hospital (WMHS Braddock Campus) had been moved to the new hospital and the two facilities were closed.
Western Maryland Health System.
The Western Maryland Health System's headquarters is located next to the Western Maryland Regional Medical Center. Other facilities operated by the health system include Frostburg Nursing and Rehabilitation Center, an 88-bed nursing home providing long term care located in Frostburg, MD. The Health System also provides urgent care services in Frostburg, MD at its Frostburg Medical Center as well as in nearby Mineral County, WV at its Hunt Club Medical Center. The Western Maryland Health System also operates four primary care centers for patients 18 years of age and older.

</doc>
<doc id="30995214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995214" title="Mama's Gun World Tour">
Mama's Gun World Tour

The Mama's Gun World Tour is a world tour and the second by American R&B singer Erykah Badu in support of her multi-platinum selling album "Mama's Gun". The tour started in North America on February 10 in Cleveland, Ohio at the Allen Theatre. Badu will perform two nights in Washington, D.C. and Chicago. The tour itinerary will continue with additional dates throughout the summer in Europe and the U.S. 
When the tour arrived in Toronto, Canada on February 19, after Badu performed the finale song "Bag Lady", she received a Platinum certification plaque for her top selling album, ""Mama's Gun"".
Set list.
1 performed at select dates in the U.S. and Europe.<br>2 performed only on select dates in the U.S.
Additional Notes

</doc>
<doc id="30995215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995215" title="Tersivel">
Tersivel

Tersivel is an Argentine Pagan Folk Metal band from Buenos Aires, formed in 2004. Alongside bands such as Skiltron and Tengwar, they are considered one of the very first Folk Metal bands from Argentina.
History.
Tersivel was formed in 2004 with Lian Gerbino on guitar, Karlo Zoia on guitar, Diego Valdes on bass guitar and Lucas Quevedo on drums, plus an additional session singer on clean vocals.
In 2006, Nicolás Närgrath joined on growled vocals. A short time after the release of their first EP titled "When She Sang...", all members except Lian and Nicolás, decided to leave the band. By this time, Franco Robert joined Tersivel on keyboards, Sefirot on drums and Maxi Corbalán on bass guitar.
Later Nicolás picked up the guitar and Lian decided to be in charge of clean vocals.
In August 2010, after many gigs and touring in the underground Argentine scene, Tersivel released their second EP titled "Far Away In The Distant Skies" creating a big expectation outside their country. By this time drummer Sefirot and bass player Maxi Corbalán left the band.
In January 2011, Hernán Martiarena joined Tersivel on drums.
On the 26th of February they released their first full-length album titled "For One Pagan Brotherhood" which has 12 tracks with a mix between Italian music, Sicilian music, Celtic Music and Extreme Metal. There are some traditional folk instruments such as acoustic guitars, Irish bouzouki, and bodhran. This album counts with the participation of the folk musician Xandru Reguera from Argentine traditional Irish music band Na Fianna as a special guest on 2 tracks. All lyrics are written by Lian Gerbino and all of them are about paganism and pre-Christian history.
In the last three months of 2011, the band released their first music video for song 'As Brothers We Shall Fight'. Right after that they started a Latin American tour including three countries and thirteen cities.
In January 2012, Camilo Torrado joins Tersivel as official bass player. This year, Nicolás Närgrath and Hernán Martiarena leave the band.
In January 2013, Tersivel released a new music video for song 'Those Days Are Gone' with guest musician Xandru Reguera playing bouzouki, who actually played in the original song.
Nowadays the band has added a new drummer, Andrés Gualco, and are working on their second full-length which will be titled "Worship of the Gods" which is expected to be out in early 2014.
Name.
Tersivel is a word for gathering. The word was created in the context of an as-yet-unpublished Lian Gerbino's book about ancient times, paganism plus some fictional facts. Tersivel means "at the gathering of different pagan civilizations united to rise up against Christianity".

</doc>
<doc id="30995218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995218" title="Sports+Travel Hong Kong">
Sports+Travel Hong Kong

Sports + Travel Hong Kong is a free travel magazine based in Hong Kong and targeted at English readers. It is published bi-monthly.

</doc>
<doc id="30995223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995223" title="Ivacaftor">
Ivacaftor

Ivacaftor (trade name Kalydeco, developed as VX-770) is a drug approved for patients with a certain mutation of cystic fibrosis, which accounts for 4–5% cases of cystic fibrosis. Ivacaftor was developed by Vertex Pharmaceuticals in conjunction with the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation and is the first drug that treats the underlying cause rather than the symptoms of the disease. It is one of the most expensive drugs, costing over $300,000 per year, and doctors who developed the drug have criticized Vertex for charging so much.
Cystic fibrosis is caused by any one of several defects in a protein, cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator (CFTR), which regulates fluid flow within cells and affects the components of sweat, digestive fluids, and mucus. One such defect is the G551D mutation, in which the amino acid glycine (G) in position 551 is replaced with aspartic acid (D). G551D is characterized by a dysfunctional CFTR protein on the cell surface. In the case of G551D, the protein is trafficked to the correct area, the epithelial cell surface, but once there the protein cannot transport chloride through the channel. Ivacaftor, a CFTR potentiator, improves the transport of chloride through the ion channel by binding to the channels directly to induce a non-conventional mode of gating which in turn increases the probability that the channel is open.
Indications.
Ivacaftor is approved for use in cystic fibrosis patients in the US and across some European countries. The US Food and Drug Administration approved Ivacaftor in January 2012 and the European Medicines Agency (EMA) followed soon after.
Cost.
The cost of ivacaftor is $311,000 per year, which an editorial in JAMA called "exorbitant", particularly because of the support by the National Institutes of Health and Cystic Fibrosis Foundation in its development. Vertex said it would make the drug available free to patients in the United States with no insurance and a household income of under $150,000. In 2012, 24 US doctors and researchers involved in the development of the drug wrote to Vertex, “We have invested our lives and careers toward the success of these inspiring therapeutic agents. We also write with feelings of dismay and disappointment that the triumph and honor that should be yours is diminished by the unconscionable price assigned to Kalydeco." In the UK, the company provided the drug free for a limited time for certainpatients, then left the hospitals to decide whether to continue to pay for it for those patients. UK agencies estimated the cost per quality adjusted life year (QALY) at between £335,000 and £1,274,000 —way above the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence thresholds.
The drug was not covered under the Ontario Drug Benefit plan due to the elevated price until June 2014 when the Province of Ontario and the manufacturer negotiated for what "Ontario Health Minister Deb Matthews had called a “fair price” for taxpayers". The negotiations took 16 months and it was estimated that around 20 Ontarians required the drug at the time.
Clinical trials.
During Phase 3 clinical trials, the STRIVE study demonstrated a 10.6% mean absolute improvement in baseline lung function (FEV1) over a 24 week period and a 10.5% mean absolute improvement in lung function over 48 weeks among those who had the G551D mutation and were treated with Ivacaftor.
Side effects.
The most common adverse reactions experienced by patients who received ivacaftor in the pooled placebo-controlled Phase 3 studies were abdominal pain (15.6% versus 12.5% on placebo), diarrhoea (12.8% versus 9.6% on placebo), dizziness (9.2% versus 1.0% on placebo), rash (12.8% versus 6.7% on placebo), upper respiratory tract reactions (including upper respiratory tract infection, nasal congestion, pharyngeal erythema, oropharyngeal pain, rhinitis, sinus congestion, and nasopharyngitis) (63.3% versus 50.0% on placebo), headache (23.9% versus 16.3% on placebo) and bacteria in sputum (7.3% versus 3.8% on placebo). One patient in the ivacaftor group reported a serious adverse reaction: abdominal pain.
Pharmacokinetics.
Distribution.
Ivacaftor is approximately 99% bound to plasma proteins, primarily to alpha 1-acid glycoprotein and albumin. Ivacaftor does not bind to human red blood cells.
Biotransformation.
Ivacaftor is extensively metabolised in humans. In vitro and in vivo data indicate that ivacaftor is primarily metabolised by CYP3A. M1 and M6 are the two major metabolites of ivacaftor in humans. M1 has approximately one-sixth the potency of ivacaftor and is considered pharmacologically active. M6 has less than one-fiftieth the potency of ivacaftor and is not considered pharmacologically active.
Elimination.
Following oral administration, the majority of ivacaftor (87.8%) is eliminated in the faeces after metabolic conversion. The major metabolites M1 and M6 accounted for approximately 65% of total dose eliminated with 22% as M1 and 43% as M6. There was negligible urinary excretion of ivacaftor as unchanged parent. The apparent terminal half-life was approximately 12 hours following a single dose in the fed state. The apparent clearance (CL/F) of ivacaftor was similar for healthy subjects and patients with CF. The mean (±SD) of CL/F for the 150 mg dose was 17.3 (8.4) L/h in healthy subjects at steady state.

</doc>
<doc id="30995224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995224" title="Jati Umra">
Jati Umra

Jati Umra may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30995226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995226" title="Blackhawk International Airways">
Blackhawk International Airways

Blackhawk International Airways was an aircraft charter rental and leasing company based at New Providence in the Bahamas. Blackhawk is owned by Gilbert Chacón and his son Erik, who founded the company in 1991. The small charter and tour business, which recently moved to a small office next to the Lantana Airport, was at one time based at Fort Lauderdale Executive Airport. But a company called Skystream, whose corporate address is the same as the Pembroke Pines home of Gilbert Chacón, is listed as the owner of the plane( 
The Florida Public Records Office reports "Blackhawk International Airways Corp. was incorporated on Tuesday, March 05, 1991 in the State of FL and is currently not active."
FAA Issues.
Blackhawk had been fined by the FAA four times before, including once for violating safety standards and once for failing to comply with maintenance standards. The 1999 charge took the company to task for failing to test its employees for illegal drug use.
2001 crash.
Nine people, including American R&B singer Aaliyah, the pilot and seven others, including make up artists and record label executives, were killed in a Cessna 402B (N8097W) crash on August 25, 2001 at Marsh Harbour, Abaco Islands, The Bahamas. The pilot, Luis Morales III, was unlicensed at the time of the accident and had traces of cocaine and alcohol in his system. Aaliyah's family later filed a wrongful death lawsuit against Blackhawk International Airways, which was settled out of court. The Cessna 402B exploded on impact just 200 feet beyond the end of a runway at Marsh Harbour International Airport on Abaco Island at 6:45 p.m. The craft, which was bound for Opa-locka Airport, just northwest of Miami, was apparently overloaded. Blackhawk was listed in Customs documents as the official operator while Skystream was the plane's owner. Others killed in the accident included Aaliyah, 22, hairstylists Anthony Dodd, 34, and Eric Forman, 29; video production director Douglas Kratz, 28; makeup artist Christopher Maldonado, 32; Blackground Records executive Gina Smith, 29; and Keith Wallace, 49.

</doc>
<doc id="30995253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995253" title="Lucas County Courthouse (Iowa)">
Lucas County Courthouse (Iowa)

The Lucas County Courthouse in Chariton, Iowa, United States was built in 1893. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the third building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
History.
Lucas County’s first courthouse was constructed of oak logs in 1850. The -story building was built for $374. The second courthouse was a building that cost between $15,000 and $20,000 to build. Its foundation was made of logs. The present courthouse was built of stone in the Romanesque Revival style. The tower was originally topped by a spire.

</doc>
<doc id="30995256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995256" title="Elisha Smith Robinson">
Elisha Smith Robinson

Elisha Smith Robinson 1817-1885 was the son of a Gloucestershire paper maker Edward Robinson. In 1840 his father threatened to replace him within the family business with a Londoner so he ventured to Bristol with a small loan and within 20 years his own printing and packaging business E. S. & A. Robinson was the largest buyer of paper in the British Empire. He was a staunch Baptist
Life and Career.
Born 1817 in Overbury where his father Edward built Silver Rill House.
Apprenticed to his maternal grandfather Rev. Elisha Smith, grocer and Baptist Minister in Blockley and Chipping Camden
Founded E. S. & A. Robinson in 1844
1845 First marriage to Elizabeth Ring with whom he had eight children, she died in 1871. Soon after he married Louisa Thomas who died in 1875.
Mayor of Bristol in 1866.
Elected as Liberal Member of Parliament for Bristol (UK Parliament constituency) in 1870 but unseated on a technicality.
A Justice of the Peace
Chairman of the Port and Pier Railway (now Severn Beach Line)
Foundation stone on the front Chipping Campden Baptist Church reads "This stone was laid by Elisha Smith Robinson Esq - of Bristol on the 19th June 1872
President of the Grateful Society in 1880. 
One of the founders and benefactor to Colston Hall where there is a relief
He died in 1885 at Ivy Towers, Sneyd Park, a house he designed. Sermon by Reverend Richard Glover published.
Monument at Arnos Vale Cemetery.
His Family and Cricket.
Elisha’s interest in Cricket was inspired by two of his brothers:-
In 1878 Charles Parnell of West Town Cricket Club near Bristol proposed to Alfred Robinson, John’s son, that he assemble a team to play on the August Bank Holiday. Alfred responded with a team made up entirely of Robinsons. From that day until 1964 Robinsons fielded a cricket XI on that bank holiday against various teams including one made up entirely of Graces in 1891.
Robinson first class cricketers descended from Elisha include:-
Edward Robinson 1853-1935 was the third son of Elisha Smith Robinson; Mayor of Bristol in 1908. Chairman & managing director E. S. & A. Robinson, Vice chairman of the Bristol Chamber of Commerce, President of the Anchor Society in 1887, appointed a magistrate in 1889, Vice chairman of the Bristol South Liberal Association.

</doc>
<doc id="30995289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995289" title="Julia Shaw">
Julia Shaw

Julia Shaw, is an English racing cyclist specialising in the individual time trial, currently riding for the drag2zero.com cycling team.
She was won multiple British national championships, the British Best All-Rounder competition four times and, in 2010, won a bronze medal in the Women's road time trial event at the Commonwealth Games in Delhi.
Biography.
Early life.
Shaw was born on The Wirral in the North West England. She attended the University of Essex gaining a degree in physics. She then took a Masters degree.
Outside cycling.
Shaw works as a research scientist specialising in fibre optics.
She now lives in Hampshire.
Cycling career.
Taking up cycling.
Shaw says that she did no kind of sport until her twenties, and it was ten years after that before she got seriously into cycling. 
International honours.
In 2008 she won the World Masters Championship Time Trial Championship (Women age 40-44) at St. Johann in Tirol.
British Cycling did not consider Shaw for selection to the 2006 Commonwealth Games. In 2010 she won a Silver medal in the British National Time Trial Championships behind Emma Pooley, meeting the standard laid down by BC for selection. She was added to the team and won a Bronze medal in the Women's road time trial event, 10 seconds behind Gold medallist Tara Whitten of Canada.
Domestic competition.
Shaw has won the British Best All-Rounder competition four times between 2006 and 2010. Only Beryl Burton, who won it 25 times in a row, has won it more often. Her winning average speed of 27.451 mph in 2009 is the current record.
She won the Women's British National Time Trial Championships in 2005 and has finished on the podium seven times.
She has won 25 Cycling Time Trials national championships at standard distance. She is the competition record holder for 10 miles with her 2012 time of 19:47. She broke the competition record for 25 miles with her 2011 time of 50:01 and is the current record holder. She has twice broken the competition record for 50 miles, currently holding it with her 2010 time of 1:46:46. She has twice broken the competition record for 100 miles, currently holding it with her 2010 time of 3:45:22. 
She has won the Beryl Burton Trophy, awarded to the CTT's woman Champion of Champions in 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012 and 2013.
Coaching.
Shaw has worked with coach Auriel Forrester and now works with the exercise physiologist Dr Jamie Pringle. Pringle works for the English Institute of Sport, a grant funded organisation governed by UK Sport. The English Institute of Sport provides science and medicine support to a wide variety of National Governing Bodies of British Olympic sports.

</doc>
<doc id="30995292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995292" title="FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2011 – Men's individual normal hill">
FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2011 – Men's individual normal hill

The Men's Individual normal hill ski jumping event at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2011 was held on 26 February 2011 at 15:00 CET with the qualification being held on 25 February 2011 at 12:30 CET. Wolfgang Loitzl of Austria was the defending world champion while Switzerland's Simon Ammann was the defending Olympic champion.

</doc>
<doc id="30995296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995296" title="Cyanea acuminata">
Cyanea acuminata

Cyanea acuminata is a rare species of flowering plant known by the common names Honolulu cyanea. It is endemic to Oahu, where there are no more than 250 individuals remaining. It is a federally listed endangered species of the United States. Like other "Cyanea" it is known as haha in Hawaiian.
This Hawaiian lobelioid is a shrub up to 2 meters tall. It grows in wet forests and on slopes and ridges in the Koʻolau and Waiʻanae Mountains of Oahu.
The remaining plants are divided among 18 subpopulations which are threatened by damage to their habitat from feral pigs and goats, rats, and exotic plants such as Maui pamakani ("Ageratina adenophora"), kukui ("Aleurites moluccana"), and ti plant ("Cordyline fruticosa"). Other threats to the plant and its habitat include fire and trampling by military personnel. Botanists are hopeful that there are many more than 250 plants remaining in unsurveyed areas of the island.

</doc>
<doc id="30995298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995298" title="Syrian parliamentary election, 1977">
Syrian parliamentary election, 1977

Parliamentary elections were held in Syria on 1 and 2 August 1977. The result was a victory for the Arab Socialist Ba'ath Party, which won 125 of the 195 seats.

</doc>
<doc id="30995311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995311" title="Syrian parliamentary election, 1981">
Syrian parliamentary election, 1981

Parliamentary elections were held in Syria on 9 and 10 November 1981. The result was a victory for the Arab Socialist Ba'ath Party, which won 127 of the 195 seats.

</doc>
<doc id="30995314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995314" title="Na inat">
Na inat

"Na inat" (/na inát/) (Cyrillic: "На инат") (""In spite"") is a song sung by Poli Genova. It represented Bulgaria at the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 in Düsseldorf."Na Inat", translated as "For Spite", and missed out on a place in the final after coming 12th in the second semi-final, making 2011 the fourth year in a row that Bulgaria has had to sit out the final. In 2011 she competed with 18 more singers in the final of the "EuroBGvision" (where by SMS' it's decided who'll represent Bulgaria in the Eurovision Song Contest. This was her fourth time in which she took part in the "EuroBGvision" and her first win.

</doc>
<doc id="30995321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995321" title="Africa Center for Strategic Studies">
Africa Center for Strategic Studies

The formation of the Africa Center for Strategic Studies (ACSS) began in 1994, when U.S. European Command (EUCOM) petitioned the Chairman of the House International Relations Committee to create a Center on African Affairs that emulated the George C. Marshall European Center for Security Studies (GCMC). Following this, in March 1998, President Bill Clinton made the first major trip to sub-Saharan Africa by a U.S. president in over 20 years. While there, he discussed promoting a U.S.-Africa partnership for the twenty-first century based on mutual respect and mutual interest, and mentioned the establishment of a center for Africa. Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs Susan Rice later explained that this center would “provide a forum for senior military and civilian officials to explore together complex defense policy issues and provide training to strengthen civil-military relations in burgeoning democracies.”
The Africa Center for Strategic Studies was formally established in March 1999. In 2004, the Center relocated to the campus of the Department of Defense’s National Defense University at Fort Lesley J. McNair, Washington, D.C., where it is one of five regional centers. In 2007, ACSS began a working partnership with the recently established U.S. Africa Command (USAFRICOM).
ACSS is dedicated to promoting good governance and democratic values in the defense and security sectors around the globe, and to establishing long-term active communications with African leaders across the continent. The Africa Center aims to do this through a comprehensive program of seminars, symposia, conferences, research and other academic programs; and through a range of outreach activities in Africa and in the U.S.
Mission statement.
The Africa Center for Strategic Studies aims to support United States foreign and security policies by strengthening the strategic capacity of African states to identify and resolve security challenges in ways that promote civil-military cooperation, respect for democratic values, and safeguard human rights.
In order to advance security cooperation in Africa, ACSS's stated goals are:
Region of engagement.
ACSS's region of engagement includes all African countries. However, engagement with Algeria, Egypt, Libya, Mauritania, Morocco, and Tunisia is shared with the Near East South Asia Center for Strategic Studies. Since ACSS is based in Washington, D.C., the Center also engages local Africa specialists.
Regional offices.
In September 2004, the Africa Center recommended establishing four Africa Center Regional Offices. The first regional office was opened in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia on October 26, 2006. In November 2008, a second Regional Office was opened in Dakar, Senegal.
The goal of the ACSS Regional Offices is to establish a long-term and visible Africa Center presence on the continent. Specifically, the Regional Offices help aim to strengthen relationships with African governments, international organizations, the African Union and sub-regional organizations, and other partner institutions across the continent. The Regional Offices build outreach programs and provide support for ACSS Community Members and organized Community Chapters. They plan and execute ACSS activities in support of ACSS headquarters and host governments. In addition, the Regional Offices foster strong working ties with African defense, military, and civic leaders to advance common policy objectives.
East Africa Regional Office (EARO).
Based in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, EARO promotes bilateral dialogue through continuous engagement with the African Union (AU), the Intergovernmental Authority for Development (IGAD), the Institute for Security Studies (ISS), Ethiopian International Institute for Peace and Development, the European Union, African Military Attachés Association, EASBRIG, African Standby Forces, and the U.S. Mission to the AU. EARO also maintains and expands ACSS alumni networks and community chapters. Of these, the International Alumni Chapter plays a critical role in advancing the policy dialogue on China’s role in Africa, the referendum in Southern Sudan, and ongoing instability in Somalia and Eritrea. The East Africa office will work with the Combined Joint Task Force – Horn of Africa to support future forums at Camp Lemonnier on issues of regional importance.
Regional Office for West Africa (ROWA).
Based in Dakar, Senegal, ROWA develops outreach strategies and proposals to address issues such as security sector governance and civil-military relations both at national and regional levels. Following a West Africa counter-narcotics workshop, ROWA provided regional expertise for ministerial-level dialogue on the subject and helped forge regional partnerships around the conclusions of the workshop. Other ROWA projects examine the opportunities and challenges facing the armed forces in developing policies, allocating resources, and creating structures to better integrate women in the Senegalese armed forces. ROWA also collaborates with the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) by helping to develop content on the dynamics and extent of transnational crimes in West Africa; its implications for national, sub-regional and global security including terrorism financing; and its impact on ongoing democratization, anti-corruption, development and public health efforts within West Africa.
Senior leadership.
Acting Director.
In September 2012, Retired U.S. Army Colonel Michael Garrison became Acting Director of the Africa Center. Prior to assuming this role, Mr. Garrison was Deputy Director of the Africa Center, serving as its chief operating officer and principle advisor to the Director for strategic planning, policy analysis and the development and execution of Africa Center programs to support the United States security policy goals within Africa.
Mr. Garrison joined ACSS after 28 years of active duty, much of which pertained to Africa. In 1999, Mr. Garrison was a Political/Military affairs officer responsible for all U.S. military security cooperation and contingency plans for the 11 southern most African nations. He was subsequently assigned as the Defense and Army Attaché to the Republic of Kenya from July 2002 through June 2005, and then assigned as the Defense and Army Attaché to the Republic of South Africa, Lesotho and Swaziland, from June 2005 through June 2008. During his tour in South Africa, he was deployed to Sudan as the Defense Liaison Officer for several months to support the Embassy during the Abuja peace negotiation. Most recently, he served as the Director for the Southern Africa Region in the Office of the Secretary of Defense for African Affairs, managing bilateral and multilateral defense strategy, policies, programs, and relations between the Department of Defense and nine southern African countries.
Academic Dean.
Dr. Raymond Gilpin is the current Academic Dean at the Africa Center for Strategic Studies. In this capacity he directs the design, development and implementation of the Center’s programs, and provides leadership on all academic matters.
Prior to joining the Africa Center he served as director of the Center for Sustainable Economies at the United States Institute of Peace; academic chair for defense economics at the Africa Center for Strategic Studies; director for international programs at Intellibridge Corporation (now part of Eurasia Group); senior economist at the African Development Bank Group; research director at the Central Bank of Sierra Leone; and economist at the World Bank.
Chief of Staff.
Retired U.S. Army Colonel Saul Bracero serves as the Africa Center's Chief of Staff. He served in a wide variety of Military Police command and staff positions at company and brigade levels. His key staff assignments include service at the national, combatant command, Army Forces, and tactical levels. He served as Army Forces Assistant Operations Officer at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, providing camp security and operations for ten thousand Haitian migrants. Following this assignment he was hand selected to capture lessons learned for the U.S. Army—culminating in the development of the first doctrinal publication on force protection.
Colonel Bracero is a Sub-Saharan African Foreign Area Officer, having served in various positions with the Department of Defense. His first Africa assignment was to the U.S. embassy in Cameroon. There he assisted the Defense Attaché with Mil-to-Mil relations, visiting U.S. Delegation, and humanitarian projects. He later served at the European Command headquarters in Stuttgart, Germany as the security assistance program manager for West and Central Africa. Upon returning to the U.S., Colonel Bracero was assigned to the Joint Staff J2 as a Branch Chief overseeing the daily production of Africa intelligence products for the Chairman, Joint Chiefs of Staff, daily intelligence update. He was later assigned to the Defense Intelligence Agency as the Division Chief overseeing all Africa strategic intelligence products for national and defense senior leaders. Colonel Bracero later served as the Central and East Africa Regional Director, International Security Affairs, Office of the Secretary of Defense working critical national policy issues on Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Lord Resistance Army, and Ethiopia, as well as terrorism issues in Somalia.
Senior French representative.
Colonel Patrick de Vathaire has served as the senior French representative to the Africa Center for Strategic Studies since August 2011. In addition to participating in operations in Chad, the Ivory Coast, Rwanda, Gabon, and Togo, he also spent time at the heart of various African armed forces as both an instructor and military advisor. He commanded the 43rd Infantry Battalion based in Côte d'Ivoire from 2005 to 2006. Colonel de Vathaire also served in Afghanistan in 2002 as Operations Officer for the French Army Special Forces Regiment. Following 18 months at the Army War College and the Joint Advanced Staff College, he was posted to the Joint Staff as Chief J3 Land from 2003 to 2005 then again as Chief J5 Africa in the Joint Operational Planning Centre (Centre de Planification et Conduite des Opérations) from 2008 to 2011. He has had oversight of the French participation in the European EUFOR mission, the deployment of the UN mission to Chad, the crisis in the Ivory Coast, piracy off the Somalia coast, and he has been actively involved in the study to reshape French participation in Africa.
He holds the rank of Chevalier of the Legion of Honour, is an officer of the National Order of Merit, holds “la croix de la valeur militaire” with 2 stars, and is an Officer of the Rwandan National Order of Peace.
Senior Portuguese representative.
Dr. Miguel Ferreira da Silva became the Senior Portuguese Representative at the Africa Center for Strategic Studies in March 2012. He graduated in Law and completed post graduate studies in Juridical-Political Sciences at the University of Lisbon, and in Political Science and International Relations at the Portuguese Catholic University. He also holds specializations in Security and Intelligence and in Terrorism. After developing a career in Legal Advising to the Public Sector, both at local and national levels, Dr. Ferreira taught Portuguese language and culture at the University of Nottingham, where he also completed his Ph.D. in cultural studies (legitimacy discourse of international criminal courts). He is a Senior Legal Advisor with the Portuguese Media Authority, as well as an advisor to the Portuguese Government, particularly in matters related to Africa.
Programs.
The Africa Center’s first event was its Senior Leaders Seminar, held in Dakar, Senegal in May 1999. The Dakar seminar brought together 115 senior-level civilians, flag-level military officers, and representatives of civil society from Africa, Europe and the United States for two weeks of intense academic work. Fifty African nations were represented. Since then, more programs have been added to the Africa Center’s curriculum, including sub-regional seminars, counter-terrorism workshops, and programs addressing defense economics and civil-military relationships. In 2005, ACSS initiated its now annual Next Generation of African Military Leaders Course, a program focused on enhancing professionalism, ethics and leadership among mid-level African military officers. ACSS aims to provide a forum for discussing and analyzing current challenges facing Africa by holding programs that foster an understanding of the military’s role under democratic rule, promote discussion and common understanding of African security related issues, develop military professionalism, and further U.S. national security interests. Programs promote strategic thinking, professional networking, long-term outreach and better understanding of African security-related issues. All such programs are designed to allow participants to examine complex issues and seek their own solutions.
Methodology.
To maximize exposure and build ties with regional counterparts, ACSS conducts the majority of its programs on the African continent.
Core foundational programs.
Senior Leaders Seminar (SLS).
The Africa Center’s flagship program, the SLS focuses on a comprehensive definition of security that reflects African realities and challenges by accounting for human and traditional security concerns, emerging threats, and good governance. During FY10’s iteration, participants interacted with senior U.S. and African leaders, including General William E. “Kip” Ward, Commander of the United States Africa Command; Ambassador Johnnie Carson, Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs; and Brigadier General Frank Rusagara of the Rwanda Defence Forces. The most dynamic impact of SLS is that for many of the attendees, this was the first time they had the opportunity to meet and interact with their African counterparts face-to-face.
As a result of this seminar, senior African decision-makers have forged alliances and established networks to continue engagement with their colleagues long after the program has ended.
Next Generation of Africa Security Sector Leaders Course.
The Next Generation of African Security Sector Leaders course lays the foundation for the roles and responsibilities of professional military officers and future leaders of a democratic society. This program is an accredited course focused on enhancing professionalism, ethics, and leadership among mid-level African officers. As such, the course shared current concepts and ideas, examined Africa’s contemporary and emerging security threats, and analyzed civil- military relations in Africa to determine the role and place of the military in advancing national security in democratizing states. Over a four-week period, these officers participated in plenary sessions, group discussions, policy roundtables, topical lunches, and field trips that focused on military leadership, ethics and professionalism. As these officers assume positions of greater responsibility, they will be better equipped to foster healthy civil-military relations and prudently manage their countries’ security resources.
Following the conclusion of this course, several former participants were promoted within their militaries, or were assigned to duties with increasing responsibilities. In addition, several participants completed the course and received master's level credit, eligible for application to master's programs around the world.
Introduction to African Security Issues.
One of the Africa Center’s most popular offerings, this introductory-level seminar is designed to provide U.S. government officials who have little or no background in African security issues a basic understanding of political, social, military, and economic aspects of security in Africa and to introduce major U.S. policies and programs regarding Africa. Participants were given opportunities to network with key African security leaders, such as Ambassador Amina Salum Ali, the AU Mission Permanent Representative to the United States. The course also featured a practical exercise to demonstrate how the U.S. interagency process functions in the African theater.
IASI participants gained an increased understanding of U.S. policy towards Africa, the interagency process and U.S. Africa Command. Participants also identified and explored U.S. security interests in Africa.
African Defense Attaché Seminar.
The African Defense Attaché seminar created a forum for African embassy personnel to foster relationships with their U.S. government counterparts. Throughout the seminar, African defense attachés and embassy personnel were provided with information about the structure and workings of the U.S. government, with a focus on U.S. policies toward and programs in Africa. Participants were also given information about navigating the U.S. interagency process and interacting with key security-related government agencies, especially the Defense Security Cooperation Agency.
The relationships formed during the seminar provide useful points of entry for U.S. government personnel into the Africa diplomatic community and assist African embassy personnel in communicating their countries’ security priorities to policymakers in Washington, D.C.
Thematic programs.
Counterterrorism Capacity Building Workshop: Combating terrorist financing in Eastern and Southern Africa.
Countering trans-national threats remains at the forefront of security concerns around the globe. ACSS hosted its 5th Counter-Terrorism Workshop which built capacity to implement the African Union (AU) Plan of Action on the Prevention and Combating of Terrorism, as well as regional and international cooperative protocols to regulate, monitor, investigate, and arrest financial transfers that support violent extremist organizations.
During the Counter-Terrorism Finance workshop, attendees confirmed regional recommendations to create instruments against terrorist financing and policies to arrest financial transfers that support violent extremist organizations.
Combating Narcotics Trafficking in West Africa.
This workshop examined recent findings on the organization, dynamics and extent of narcotics trafficking in West Africa; implications for national, sub-regional and global security; and the impact of drug smuggling on ongoing democratization, anti-corruption, development and public health efforts within West Africa. Initiatives by the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) and foreign security assistance partners to build African counter-narcotics capacity were highlighted, as well as lessons learned from counter-narcotics efforts in other regions of the world.
As a result of the Counter Narcotics Trafficking workshop, participants developed regional and multi-lateral counter-narcotics legislation to be enforced via the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) Anti-Narcotics Unit.
Maritime Safety and Security Seminar.
The magnitude of the maritime threats and challenges confronting African countries remains daunting. In April 2010, ACSS brought together participants from across the continent to discuss key threats and opportunities to develop succinct national maritime security strategies in harmony with the African Union. The Africa Center’s ability to continue building upon this framework is critical to Undersecretary of Defense for Policy (USD(P)) goals for building the capacity of African states to maintain their own security while contributing to the stability of others. The seminar addressed several important goals of the African Union: a) identify common practices for successful maritime security; b) develop the necessary planning tools for building maritime security, c) craft a strategic framework for creating national maritime security plans, and d) reinforce ongoing African efforts to develop strategies for maritime safety and security.
The Maritime Safety and Security Seminar was a catalyst for Tanzanian President Kikwete’s approval of new legislation to apprehend violators and try crimes of piracy in a court of law.
Managing Security Resources in Africa Seminar.
The Managing Security Resources in Africa seminar underscored the link between security and the prudent administration of security resources. Participants attended plenary sessions and participated in more intimate discussion groups to share best practices with regards to security resource management. Additionally, the seminar built on and strengthened relationships between African security sector leaders and U.S. government personnel. During this seminar, participants conducted a capstone exercise that applied the concepts developed during the seminar and reinforced its theme of judicious security resource administration.
Enhancing Civil-Military Relations in Central Africa.
The first in a series of sub-regional seminars aimed at improving civil-military relations in Africa, this workshop focused on current relations between Central Africa’s civil society and its security forces. U.S. government personnel with Africa-related security portfolios attended discussion groups, gleaned information about security sector issues in Central Africa, and shared their perspectives about civil-military relations in the American context.
The seminar provided a forum for Central African security sector and political leaders to candidly discuss the often delicate civil-military relations challenges faced by their countries.  
Combatant command support programs and other partnerships.
“The Africa Center for Strategic Studies is a valuable partner in our ongoing effort to advance security cooperation and build partner capacity in Africa. The Center plays a pivotal role in building long-term relationships with African military, civilian, and defense officials. U.S. Africa Command extends its full support to the Center to meet continental and regional challenges in support of our theater strategic objectives.” – General William “Kip” Ward, Commander, United States Africa Command
Africa Command Academic Symposium.
In support of Africa Command’s growing threshold for theater stability, ACSS hosted its 5th Academic Symposium in July 2010. The program brought together participants from the United States, Canada, the European Union, 16 African countries, and representatives from both the African Union and U.S. Africa Command. The program enhanced understanding of U.S. Africa Command, its mission, and its objectives. After fruitful discussions, participants identified areas for further attention and offered U.S. military leaders several recommendations to better support peace and stability on the continent.
The relationships fostered during the symposium deepened U.S. Africa Command’s connections to African academics and civil society institutions and will continue to grow as the Africa Center incorporates participants into its alumni network.
African Defense Force Joint Warrant Officer Symposium.
In FY2010, ACSS completed its first strategic seminar focusing on the non-commissioned officer ranks. The program developing focused on peacekeeping issues, narcotics trafficking, health, readiness, environment, and supporting maritime security efforts.
Following the Joint Warrant Officer Symposium, the Nigerian Minister of Defense agreed to implement a new training protocol to professionalize the enlisted corps and it is considering allocating up to 25% of education funding to noncommissioned officers.
Combined Joint Task Force – Horn of Africa Workshop.
Unlike combat operations in Iraq and Afghanistan, units assigned to CJTF-HOA are focused on stability operations and building partner capacity. The Joint Warfighting Center asked ACSS to support pre-deployment training by providing lectures on the political, economic, and security issues unique to the Horn of Africa. This prepared military members to assume responsibility for military operations in Djibouti.
Outreach.
As ACSS has carried on, there is an increasing number of former participants of ACSS academic programs. More than 3,500 African and international participants have been involved in ACSS programs. In order to maintain stronger ties with such former participants, ACSS maintains an outreach program composed of three distinct efforts.
ACSS encourages members in countries to form alumni associations-called “Community Chapters.” The first community chapter was formed in Mali on October 18, 2003. As of February 2009, 22 community chapters have been established in Africa. These chapters are independent, non-government, apolitical organizations whose members seek to continue a dialogue regarding stability and security in their countries and their regions.
In addition, ACSS initiated Topical Outreach Programs (TOPS) in 2007. With TOPS, ACSS visits every country in Africa in which a community chapter has been formed. During these visits, ACSS meets with U.S. ambassadors and senior staff members, as well as senior African military and government officials to help build support for community chapters. ACSS also co-sponsors topical programs with the community chapters on security-related subjects relevant to each country. As of February 2009, ACSS has conducted 60 TOPS in 30 countries.
ACSS also maintains contact with African Defense Attachés in Washington DC. In 2009, the Africa Center established a U.S.-based community chapter, which includes former USG participants as well as members of the diplomatic community in Washington. Through the establishment of this chapter, ACSS hopes to strengthen its relationship with security-sector professionals in the U.S. who have expertise in African affairs.
Publications.
ACSS’s research publications aim to expand the analysis and understanding of Africa’s security challenges. These publications are authored by ACSS faculty and independent scholars with the intention of generating evidenced-based insights while facilitating an exchange of views on effective strategies and practices for advancing Africa’s security. In this way and building on the Center’s strong network of relationships in Africa, the scholarship generated via the Research Program reinforces the Center’s ongoing educational and outreach efforts.
Recognizing that Africa’s security challenges are marked by their breadth and diversity, the ACSS Research Program pursues three integrated layers of analysis: strategic concerns, topical security challenges, and evidenced-based “best practices”. In this way, the Research Program aims to contribute to a conceptual framework for addressing security challenges in Africa as well as to solutions for specific priority issues. Consistent with the ACSS mission, all products generated from the Research Program endeavor to be practical, policy-relevant, and solutions-oriented.
ACSS publications include monthly eNewsletters, research papers, security briefs, books, and special reports.

</doc>
<doc id="30995324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995324" title="Syrian parliamentary election, 1986">
Syrian parliamentary election, 1986

Parliamentary elections were held in Syria on 10 and 11 February 1986. The result was a victory for the Arab Socialist Ba'ath Party, which won 130 of the 195 seats.

</doc>
<doc id="30995339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995339" title="Peter Hayward">
Peter Hayward

Peter Hayward (born 1959) is an assistant bishop in the Anglican Diocese of Sydney, the Bishop of Wollongong.
Hayward was born in Sydney and educated at the University of New South Wales and Moore Theological College. He was ordained in 1992 and was a curate at Glenmore Park. He then ministered in Spokane and Beverly Hills before being ordained to the episcopate in April 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="30995341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995341" title="Daliel's Bookstore">
Daliel's Bookstore

daliel's (spelt with a lowercase 'd') was a bookstore in the San Francisco Bay Area in the U.S. state of California in the 1940s and '50s. George Leite opened daliel's on the 2400 block of Telegraph Avenue in Berkeley, California, as a combination bookstore and art gallery in 1945, naming it after his newly born son, Daliel. The store was also the home of "Circle Magazine" and Circle Editions, the publishing ventures Leite established at the same time. Artists featured in the gallery included painter Bezalel Schatz, musician Danius Milhaud, sculptor Jean Varda, and jeweller Peter Macchiarini. One show in 1950 was by a group of nuns from Oregon who had been taught in a summer class at their college by Varda. The store closed in 1952 several years after the magazine ceased publication.

</doc>
<doc id="30995344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995344" title="Mark Allen (businessman)">
Mark Allen (businessman)

Sir Mark John Spurgeon Allen CMG (born 3 July 1950) is a British former spy, turned businessman and academic lecturer.
Early life.
Allen is the son of Peter Muir Spurgeon Allen, headmaster of Cokethorpe School in Oxfordshire. He was educated at the Dragon School, Oxford, and at Downside School, the Roman Catholic public school in Somerset, where he studied classical languages and took up falconry and calligraphy. He then read Arabic at Exeter College, University of Oxford.
Career.
After university, he joined the British Foreign Service, where he worked for 30 years. After studying at the Middle East Centre for Arabic Studies, a claimed British ‘spy school’ in a village near Beirut, he was posted to Abu Dhabi in 1974, where he developed his love of falconry from his contacts with Bedouin to the extent that he wrote a series of books on the subject, including "Falconry in Arabia" (1980). He then spent much of the rest of his operational career in the Middle East.
In 2003, as head of MI6’s counter-terrorism unit, Allen and Stephen Kappes of the CIA led talks which resulted in an end of support for terrorist activity by Colonel Muammar al-Gaddafi’s, and of international sanctions against Libya. After losing out to John Scarlett in his bid to become head of MI6, in which he was supported by his friend Jack Straw, Allen resigned in 2004.
After a six-month sabbatical, Allen became a Senior Advisor to the Monitor Group, a global consulting and private equity firm. He was also approved by the Cabinet Office and then UK Prime Minister Tony Blair to be allowed to work immediately as a special advisor for BP. Allen used his contacts in both the United Kingdom and Libya to resolve the issues surrounding the release of Abdelbaset Ali al-Megrahi in relation to the Lockerbie bombing. Allen developed his relationships with the Libyan regime through Gaddafi's son Saif al-Islam, who studied for a Ph.D at the London School of Economics. BP later signed a £15Bn contract with Libya for a joint venture in oil exploration and extraction. In 2010, he was requested to appear before the US Senate committee investigating the release of al-Megrahi in relation to BP's oil deal, something which as an advisor to BP he was blocked from doing. In 2007, he helped broker the release of Bulgarian nurses imprisoned in Libya on charges of having injected HIV virus into children.
On 6 September 2011, The Independent newspaper claimed that Allen had been implicated in the arrest of Abdelhakim Belhaj in March 2004 in Thailand, and the subsequent torture of Belhaj by Gaddafi's regime in Abu Salim prison in Tripoli, Libya.
Allen is presently a Senior Associate and honorary fellow of St Antony's College, Oxford, and is a member of the boards of LSE IDEAS Centre and of the Hospital of St John and St Elizabeth in St John's Wood, London.
Personal life.
Allen married Margaret Mary Watson in 1976 and has two children. He was inducted into the Order of St Michael and St George in 2002, and knighted in 2005. A devout Roman Catholic who has edited a book of prayers for the young, he lives in Westminster.

</doc>
<doc id="30995352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995352" title="2011 Chinese Figure Skating Championships">
2011 Chinese Figure Skating Championships

The 2011 Chinese Figure Skating Championships () were the Chinese Figure Skating Championships of the 2010-2011 season. They were organized by the Chinese Skating Association. Skaters competed in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies singles, pair skating, and ice dancing for the title of national champion of China.
They were held between December 23 and December 24, 2010 in Qiqihar.

</doc>
<doc id="30995373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995373" title="Syrian parliamentary election, 1990">
Syrian parliamentary election, 1990

Parliamentary elections were held in Syria on 22 and 23 May 1990. The result was a victory for the Ba'ath Party, which won 134 of the 250 seats. Voter turnout was 49.6%.

</doc>
<doc id="30995376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995376" title="Photoelectrochemical reduction of CO2">
Photoelectrochemical reduction of CO2

Photoelectrochemical reduction of CO2 is a chemical process whereby carbon dioxide is reduced to carbon monoxide or hydrocarbons by the energy of incident light. This process needs to be catalyzed either homogeneously or heterogeneously in order to proceed, and current research is aimed at developing these catalysts, most of which are semiconducting materials. Semiconducting catalysts provide favourable electron transfer kinetics.
Motivation for research in this area is strong due to the current attention to atmospheric carbon dioxide as the reduction of carbon dioxide would be one route for removal and sequestration. Furthermore the reduced species may prove to be a valuable feedstock for other processes. If the incident light utilized is solar in nature then this process also potentially represents energy routes which combine renewable energy with CO2 reduction.
Background/Introduction.
Semiconductor material has a band gap and generates a pair of electron and hole per absorbed photon if the energy of photon is higher than band gap of semiconductor. This property of semiconductor materials has been successfully used to convert solar energy into electrical energy by photovoltaic devices. So, semiconductor electrodes can be used for CO2 photoelectrochemical reduction.
When a semiconductor comes into contact with a liquid (redox species), to maintain electrostatic equilibrium, there will be a charge transfer between the semiconductor and liquid phase if formal redox potential of redox species lies inside semiconductor band gap. At thermodynamic equilibrium, the Fermi level of semiconductor and the formal redox potential of redox species are aligned at the interface between semiconductor and redox species. This introduces a downward band bending in a n-type semiconductor for n-type semiconductor/liquid junction (Figure 1(a)) and upward band bending in a p-type semiconductor for p-type semiconductor/liquid junction (Figure 1(b)). This characteristic of semiconductor/liquid junction is similar to a rectifying semiconductor/metal junction or Schottky junction. Ideally to get a good rectifying characteristics at the semiconductor/liquid interface, the formal redox potential must be close to the valence band of the semiconductor for a n-type semiconductor and close to the conduction band of the semiconductor for a p-type semiconductor. The semiconductor/liquid junction has one advantage over rectifying semiconductor/metal junction in that the light is able to travel through to semiconductor surface without much reflection; whereas most of the light is reflected back from metal surface at semiconductor/metal junction. Therefore, semiconductor/liquid junction can also be used a photovoltaic devices similar to solid state p–n junction devices. Both n-type and p-type semiconductor/liquid junction can be used as photovoltaic devices to convert solar energy into electrical energy and are called photoelectrochemical cell. In addition, a semiconductor/liquid junction could also be used to directly convert solar energy into chemical energy by virtue of photoelectrolysis at the semiconductor/liquid junction.
The catalytic conversion of CO2 to liquid fuels is a critical goal that would positively impact the global carbon balance by recycling CO2 into usable fuels. The challenges presented here are great, but the potential rewards are enormous. CO2 is extremely stable molecule generally produced by fossil fuel combustion and respiration. Returning CO2 to a useful state by activation/reduction is scientifically challenging problem, requiring appropriate catalysts and energy input. This poses several fundamental challenges in chemical catalysis, electrochemistry, photochemistry, and semiconductor physics and engineering.
Principle.
"Thermodynamic challenges"
Thermodynamic potentials for the reduction of CO2 to various products is given in the Figure (2)versus NHE at pH=7. Single electron reduction of CO2 to CO2•- radical occurs at E°=−1.90 V versus NHE at pH=7 in an aqueous solution at 25 °C under 1 atmosphere gas pressure. The reason behind the high negative thermodynamically unfavorable single electron reduction potential of CO2 is the large reorganization energy between the linear molecule and bent radical anion. Proton-coupled multi-electron steps for CO2 reductions are generally more favorable than single electron reductions, as thermodynamically more stable molecules are produced.
"Kinetic challenges"
Thermodynamically, proton coupled multiple-electron reduction of CO2 is easier than single electron reduction. But to manage multiple proton coupled multiple-electron processes is a huge challenge kinetically. This leads to a high overpotential for electrochemical heterogeneous reduction of CO2 to hydrocarbons and alcohols. Even further heterogeneous reduction of singly reduced CO2•- radical anion is difficult because of repulsive interaction between negatively biased electrode and negatively charged anion.
Figure 1 (b)shows that in case of a p-type semiconductor/liquid junction photo generated electrons are available at the semiconductor/liquid interface under illumination. The reduction of redox species happens at less negative potential on illuminated p-type semiconductor compared to metal electrode due to the band bending at semiconductor/liquid interface. Figure 3 shows that thermodynamically, some of the proton-coupled multi-electron CO2 reductions are within semiconductors band gap. This makes it feasible to photo-reduce CO2 on p-type semiconductors. Various p-type semiconductors have been successfully employed for CO2 photo reduction including p-GaP, p-CdTe, p-Si, p-GaAs, p-InP, and p-SiC. Kinetically, however, these reactions are extremely slow on given semiconductor surfaces; this leads to significant overpotential for CO2 reduction on these semiconductor surfaces. Apart from high overpotential; these systems have a few advantages including sustainability (nothing is consumed in this system apart from light energy), direct conversion of solar energy to chemical energy, utilization of renewable energy resource for energy intensive process, stability of the process (semiconductors are really stable under illumination) etc. A different approach for photo-reduction of CO2 involves molecular catalysts, photosensitizers and sacrificial electron donors. In this process sacrificial electron donors are consumed during the process and photosensitizers degrade under long exposure to illumination.
Solvent effect.
The photo-reduction of CO2 on p-type semiconductor photo-electrodes has been achieved in both aqueous and non-aqueous media. Main difference between aqueous and non-aqueous media is the solubility of CO2. The solubility of CO2 in aqueous media at 1 atm. of CO2 is around ≈ 35 mM; whereas solubility of CO2 in methanol is around 210 mM and in acetonitrile is around 210 mM.
'"Aqueous media
M. Halmann had first shown CO2 photoreduction to formic acid on p-GaP as photocathode in aqueous media in 1978 ("Nature" 275, 115–116 (1978)). Apart from several other reports of CO2 photoreduction on p-GaP, there are other p-type semiconductors like p-GaAs ("Solar Energy Materials" 8, 425–440 (1983)), p-InP), p-CdTe ("J. Electroanal. Chem." 249, 143–153 (1988)) and p+/p-Si ("J. Electroanal. Chem." 324, 191–200 (1992)) have been successfully used for photoreduction of CO2. The lowest potential for CO2 photoreduction was observed on p-GaP. This may be due to high photovoltage excepted from higher band gap p-GaP (2.2 eV)] photocathode. Apart from formic acid, other products observed for CO2 photoreduction are formaldehyde, methanol and carbon monoxide. On p-GaP, p-GaAs and p+/p-Si photocathode, the main product is formic acid with small amount of formaldehyde and methanol. However, for p-InP and p-CdTe photocathode, both carbon monoxide and formic acid are observed in similar quantities. Mechanism proposed by Hori ("Electrochemica Acta" 39, 1833–1839 (1994)) based on CO2 reduction on metal electrodes predicts formation of both formic acid (in case of no adsorption of singly reduced CO2●- radical anion to the surface) and carbon monoxide (in case of adsorption of singly reduced CO2●- radical anion to the surface) in aqueous media. This same mechanism can be evoked to explain the formation of mainly formic acid on p-GaP, p-GaAs and p+/p-Si photocathode owing to no adsorption of singly reduced CO2●- radical anion to the surface. In case of p-InP and p-CdTe photocathode, partial adsorption of CO2●- radical anion leads to formation of both carbon monoxide and formic acid. Low catalytic current density for CO2 photoreduction and competitive hydrogen generation are two major drawbacks of this system.
Non-aqueous media
Maximum catalytic current density for CO2 reduction that can be achieved in aqueous media is only 10 mAcm−2 based solubility of CO2 and diffusion limitations ("J. Phys. Chem." C 114, 14220 (2010)). The integrated maximum photocurrent under Air Mass 1.5 illumination, in the conventional Shockley-Quiesser limit for solar energy conversion for p-Si (1.12 eV), p-InP (1.3 eV), p-GaAs (1.4 eV), and p-GaP (2.3 eV) are 44.0 mAcm-2, 37.0 mAcm-2, 32.5 mAcm-2 and 9.0 mAcm-2, respectively ("Chemical Reviews" 110, 6446 (2010)). Therefore, non-aqueous media such as DMF, acetonitrile, methanol are explored as solvent for CO2 electrochemical reduction. In addition, Methanol has been industrially used as a physical absorber of CO2 in the Rectisol method ("Chemical Engineering Journal" 116 227–231 (2006)). Similarly to aqueous media system, p-Si, p-InP, p-GaAs, p-GaP and p-CdTe are explored for CO2 photoelectrochemical reduction. Among these, p-GaP has lowest overpotential, whereas, p-CdTe has moderate overpotential but high catalytic current density in DMF with 5% water mixture system ("Electrochemica Acta" 29, 923–932 (1984)). Main product of CO2 reduction in non-aqueous media is carbon monoxide. Competitive hydrogen generation is minimized in non-aqueous media. Proposed mechanism for CO2 reduction to CO in non-aqueous media involves single electron reduction of CO2 to CO2●- radical anion and adsorption of radical anion to surface followed by disproportionate reaction between unreduced CO2 and CO2●- radical anion to form CO32- and CO.
See also.
Electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide

</doc>
<doc id="30995377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995377" title="John Frazee">
John Frazee

John Frazee (born 1949) is an artist from New York City, New York. Frazee's work as a painter and sculptor is displayed around the world. He is also known for a science humor story he wrote in OMNI magazine, the Buttered cat paradox.
Education and career.
Born in New York City, Frazee received his Bachelor of Fine Arts from the Pratt Institute, having studied previously at the High School of Art & Design in New York City. He has since had over 10 solo exhibitions, and his work has been included in over 100 group exhibitions.
In 1993 John Frazee won a contest for a short story called the buttered cat paradox in "OMNI" magazine competition.
The paradox arises when one considers what would happen if one attached a piece of buttered toast (butter side up) to the back of a cat, then dropped the cat from a large height.

</doc>
<doc id="30995385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995385" title="Brad Steward">
Brad Steward

Brad Steward is a former professional snowboarder and is the founder of Bonfire Snowboarding. Steward was one of the first entrepreneurs of the snowboard industry. He currently is the Marketing Director for both Bonfire and Salomon Snowboards.
Steward attended film school in Ventura, California at the Brooks Institute but chose to pursue a career in the snowboarding industry. Steward began working for Sims in 1989 and became the marketing director by 1990. He then moved to the newly founded Morrow Snowboards in Salem, Oregon, to improve the marketing strategy, logos, and overall image of the company.
While working with Sims and Morrow, Steward was in the process of developing his own company. In 1989, Steward created three unique t-shirts featuring the word “bonfire” enlarged in rough copy, directly from an old Sears brand typewriter. In the early stages, Steward called the company Bonfire Think Tank Designs. Steward’s company – now called Bonfire Snowboarding – has become one of the leading snowboard-apparel brands on the market. 
In 1998 Steward and Burton founder Jake Burton sued U.S. Skiing over the Olympic qualification process for snowboarders, which resulted in a settlement that produced the Grand Prix series for snowboarders to enter the Olympics. 
In 2000 Steward left his active role at Bonfire to pursue his lifelong interest in film. He directed commercials, music videos and more, and in 2003 returned to Bonfire where he continues to direct the brand’s marketing from their office in Portland, Oregon.

</doc>
<doc id="30995405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995405" title="Subrosa Union">
Subrosa Union

SUbrosa Union is an American rock and reggae band from Austin, Texas formed in 2000. The band comprises Michael Anaya, Chris Paulos, and Paul Valenzuela. Originally from El Paso, Texas the trio relocated to Austin.
To date, SUbrosa Union aka SU has released three studio albums. The band released its debut album "Looking Forward" in 2007 and then played the "Operation Looking Forward" tour for Armed Forces Entertainment. In 2008, SU released their "SUn City" album, containing live and prereleased tracks which had gained notoriety during their border city playing days. In 2010, SU released "One Night Stand", produced by Mike Cosgrove of Alien Ant Farm.
History.
Early Career (1999–2007).
SUbrosa Union started out as simply Subrosa in 1999 in a garage on the East side of El Paso. "SUbrosa Union" is a play on words; "sabrosa" a Spanish word which means "full of flavor, delicious-tasting" and "sub-rosa", meaning "under the rose" - an ancient symbol denoting a secret - was playfully incorporated by the trio. As stated by the band mates, "we are a 'tasty secret', which makes our vibe flavorfully delicious... to the ears, to the eyes and definitely to the mood." Naming conflicts led them to add "Union" to their name later on.
This four-piece rock outfit, have resided in Austin, Texas since 2005 to escape El Paso’s hard-rock and death-metal scenes. Co-founders Michael Anaya (lead guitarist/vocalist), Chris Paulos (bassist) and Paul Valenzuela (drummer) met during a 1999 Incubus and Deftones concert, where as Michael states “we were so psyched and impressed that he and the others decided that night to form a band”. The three clicked instantly as songwriting soulmates, influenced by Carlos Santana, Led Zeppelin, Bob Marley, Jimi Hendrix, Stevie Ray Vaughan, Sublime, 311 and Elvis Presley as well as the sounds of reggae, hip-hop and alternative music. SUbrosa Union is whatever you want them to be; creating saucy concoctions from their recipes of their melting pot border roots.
Although the trio could not gain access to the larger more popular venues in their early days, they became a hot commodity for their live high energy performances and catchy addictive tunes. SUbrosa Union gained popularity through their self-released EPs and local radio play for their reggae rock anthem, "Sweet Mexicana" one of the first songs they wrote together. While they were working locally, producer R. W. Rushing, who has worked with numerous up-and-coming Austin bands, overheard their music; impressed with what he heard, he subsequently provided SUbrosa Union the opportunity to create their first full length album; Mastering their independently released freshman album "Looking Forward" in Austin. Their album received attention and accolades from Armed Forces Entertainment (AFE) who signed them to two major overseas tours for the troops. After being in the Middle East (Kyrgyzstan, Afghanistan, Kuwait, UAE, Qatar, Bahrain and a US warship in the Persian Gulf) plus Korea, Japan, Okinawa and Guam.
2008-2010.
In early 2008 Subrosa Union was profiled in Austin Music with their recent release "Looking Forward". Pete Lansing stated "The band's El Paso roots bring an undeniable border influence, a fresh addition to the world of reggae/rock crossovers. The Santana-does-reggae "Rising Up," and cumbia driven rhythms and half-Spanish lyrics of "Caramelo" showcase the bands creative peaks." Lansing went on to state, ""24/7 4:20 Everyday" though highly predictable, has the potential to be the quintessential Spring Break anthem, obsessively played over and over by massive throngs of college kids on beaches everywhere."
SU also shared the Pollstar pages being introduced as "New Artists" and profiled for their Armed Forces Entertainment overseas tours.
April 2009, SUbrosa Union received a call from a Pittsburgh, PA detective who knew of their contribution to the troops, asking them if they would be interested in performing at a benefit for three police officers who died in the line of duty earlier that year. SU headlined the "Musical Memorial Tour for the Fallen Heroes", benefiting the families of Pittsburgh Police Officers], Paul Sciullo II, Stephen Mayhle and Eric Kelly. [http://www.city.pittsburgh.pa.us/police/html/law_enforcement_memorial.html]
Noting SU's continued desire to contribute and share their support; SUbrosa Union performed on Saturday, May 9, 2009, at the Beverly Hilton. Noche de Niños kicked off another star-studded evening, featuring multi-platinum, Grammy nominated artist Jewel. The event also featured appearances by:
• Arnold Schwarzenegger, California Governor
• Jennifer Lopez
• Annette Bening & Warren Beatty 
• Dancing with the Stars 
• Raphael Saadiq, soul artist
• Emily Bear, child prodigy pianist
• Tim Callobre, guitarist/pianist/composer 
• Subrosa Union
Noche de Niños was inspired by a former patient, eleven-year-old Dustin Meraz, who was suffering from a terminal cancer. Dustin’s wish before dying was simply to have his life make a difference for other seriously ill children, and inspire grown-ups to have the courage to care about and provide support to kids in need. Therefore, at each Noche de Niños we honor one or more individuals who have shown that Courage to Care for our patients and sick kids around the world. This year we honored actress, author, and children's advocate Jamie Lee Curtis as well as long-time Children's Hospital Los Angeles trustees and Corporate Philanthropists Megan and Rick Hernandez.
In 2009 SUbrosa Union added guitarist Marc Martel to their lineup, giving them more leverage to deliver the intricate harmonies and dramatic orchestration displayed in their bewitching sophomore independent debut, ONE NIGHT STAND, which was produced in Los Angeles by Alien Ant Farm drummer, Mike Cosgrove (who has also produced Kidnapkin, The Rivalry, The Urgency and Pretty Neato). The album's first single — a post-pop rock track against a driven ballad backdrop called "6th Street Beauty Queen"—also appears in a short music video clip. SUbrosa Union has played SXSW officially and unofficially over the past 5 years and have tracked and extensive tour log all around the world for Armed Forces Entertainment performing around the world in such places as Afghanistan, Bahrain, United Arab Emirates, Kyrgyzstan, Korea and Japan.
Riding the internet waves and catching the popularity rays SUbrosa Union is fast becoming a mainstream rock n reggae band. Playing official and unofficial South by Southwest showcases for the past 5 years the band has grown roots in the Austin music scene. SUbrosa Union has definitely found their identity in the blazing music street scene of Austin, Texas. Playing to the masses of college students, weekend party-goers and even mainstream Hollywood enjoying the torrential vibe of downtown "6th Street" music. Finding their niche and so-called local notoriety, the band still recognizes that they've come a long way and yet have still more crossroads to entertain.
2010-present.
Focusing on collaborative personal projects these El Paso/Austin rockers have missed their reggae-rock-roots and have recently commenced to performing and touring. 
Sources.
(1) http://www.myfoxaustin.com/dpp/good_day/030509_Good_Day_Live_Music_Subrosa_Union
(2) http://www.spinner.com/2010/03/12/subrosa-union-interview-sxsw-2010/
(3)http://www.austinvida.com/index.php?option=com_k2&view=item&id=429:album-review-'one-night-stand'-by-subrosa-union
(4) http://www.austinpost.org/content/joe-king-carrosco-and-subrosa-union-rock-congress-avenue-bridge-bat-fest
(5) http://www.austinchronicle.com/dev/calendar/music/subrosa-union-40-oz-to-freedom-1141017/
(6) http://bandweblogs.com/guestbloggers/2008/07/14/subrosa-union-a-tasty-secret/
(7) http://news.speedtv.com/article/02kubDM1Wd1iJ
(8) http://alienantfarm.com/2010/05/check-out-one-night-stand-by-subrosa-union/
(8) http://www.last.fm/music/Subrosa+Union
(9) http://www.austinchronicle.com/postmarks/2008-08-10/659507/
(10) http://calendar.elpasotimes.com/el-paso-tx/events/show/166468825-subrosa-union-state-of-the-union-tour-2011
(11) http://austinvida.com/music-film/2010/album-review-one-night-stand-by-subrosa-union/
References.
^ Tom Henkenius (12 March 2010). Subrosa Union Interview, SXSW 2010 "Spinner". Retrieved 20 June 2010.
^ AJ Miranda (27 May 2010). Subrosa Union Interview, ONS Review "AustinVida". Retrieved 28 Feb 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="30995406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995406" title="Syrian parliamentary election, 1994">
Syrian parliamentary election, 1994

Parliamentary elections were held in Syria on 24 and 25 August 1994. The result was a victory for the Ba'ath Party, which won 135 of the 250 seats. Voter turnout was 61.2%.

</doc>
<doc id="30995424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995424" title="MagnaFlow Performance Exhaust">
MagnaFlow Performance Exhaust

MagnaFlow is an aftermarket exhaust parts manufacturer located in Rancho Santa Margarita, California.
Products.
The company produces aftermarket exhaust parts for companies in the automotive industry such as Ford, Chevrolet, Dodge, Toyota, Honda, BMW, Cadillac and Mini Cooper.

</doc>
<doc id="30995426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995426" title="Syrian parliamentary election, 1998">
Syrian parliamentary election, 1998

Parliamentary elections for the People's Council of Syria, the unicameral parliament of Syria were held between 30 November and 1 December 1998. The result was a victory for the Ba'ath Party, which won 135 of the 250 seats. Voter turnout was 82.2%.

</doc>
<doc id="30995431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995431" title="Trash Hit">
Trash Hit

Trash Hit is the debut studio album by American post-punk band Mr. Dream, released on March 1, 2011 by God Mode Records.

</doc>
<doc id="30995434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995434" title="Napoléon Bourassa">
Napoléon Bourassa

Napoléon Bourassa (October 21, 1827-August 27, 1916) was a prominent Canadian architect, painter and writer who offices were located from Montreal, Quebec.
Early life and training.
Born in L'Acadie, Quebec, he studied at Sulpicians College in Montreal. In 1848, he interned with Norbert Dumas in preparation for a legal career but then chose the paint with Theophile Hamel from 1850 to 1852.
He continued his education by visiting the European cities of Paris, Rome and Florence accompanied by painter Johann Friedrich Overbeck. After this he established his art studio in Montebello in Outaouais.
Practice.
Napoleon Bourassa founded and directed the Canadian Journal and became the vice-president of Saint-Jean-Baptiste of Montreal. He resided on 430 Rue Bonsecours Montreal. Bourassa had several associates who became famous, including Louis-Philippe Hébert, François-Édouard Meloche and Olindo Gratton. He also sculpted the bust of his father in-law Papineau.
He has built the Notre-Dame de Lourdes de Montréal and the Institut Nazareth Chapel. One of his most recognized paintings is "The Apotheosis of Christopher Columbus".
In 1880, he founded the Museum of Fine Arts in Canada with his fellow artists. He consulted in 1883 for the construction of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec.
He died August 27, 1916 in Lachenaie. His daughter Adine published his correspondence in 1929. A Fund-Napoleon Bourassa was created in his honor at the University of Ottawa. His works were exhibited at Galerie L'Art français
Family.
Napoléon Bourassa was married to Azélie Papineau, the daughter of the Quebec politician Louis-Joseph Papineau. One of his son is Henri Bourassa, a famous journalist and the founder of the newspaper Le Devoir.
External.
Historic Places of Canada

</doc>
<doc id="30995463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995463" title="Wasserfreunde Spandau 04">
Wasserfreunde Spandau 04

The Wasserfreunde Spandau 04 is a swimming club in Spandau, Berlin, Germany.
The club is known for the water polo team, which has won a record number of German championships. The club has over 2,500 members.

</doc>
<doc id="30995467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995467" title="Sapun-gora">
Sapun-gora

It became the arena of fierce battle during the siege of Sevastopol (1941-1942), and also during its recapturing in 1944.
When defending Sevastopol the Soviet troops held the Sapun Ridge and could observe German movements to the city from the south.
It took Wehrmacht nearly 2 weeks of desperate fighting to take control over these positions in late June 1942. As a consequence, Soviet troops had to evacuate from Crimea.
In 2 years, on the final stage of the Crimean Offensive the assault of Sapun-gora on the 7th of May, 1944 was successful for Red Army. On 9 May 1944, just over one month after the start of the battle, Sevastopol fell. German forces were evacuated from Sevastopol to Constanța. 
Later in 1944 the first monuments to the Soviet warriors on this place were erected, in 1959 the diorama showing the assault of the German fortifications was opened.

</doc>
<doc id="30995471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995471" title="Matteo Sommacal">
Matteo Sommacal

Matteo Sommacal, born November 18, 1977 in Roma (Italy), is an Italian composer and mathematical physicist.
As a composer, he has been active since 2000 writing concert and film music. Since late 2000, he has been serving as the artistic director of the Italian chamber ensemble Piccola Accademia degli Specchi, that premiered and recorded several of his compositions. As a scientist, his main research is in the field of nonlinear evolution equations and in studies dealing with the onset of chaotic behaviors in dynamical systems. He is currently Senior Lecturer in Applied Mathematics at Northumbria University.
Music.
He was introduced as a child to ancient music and recorder which later on inspired him to pursue extensive research of Renaissance and Baroque repertoire, through the guidance of Gabriella Casularo, Marcos Volonterio (Conservatoire Populaire de Musique, Geneve, CH), John Tyson (New England Conservatory of Music, Boston, USA) and Stefano Bragetti (Conservatorio della Svizzera Italiana, Lugano, CH). After a brief period performing recorder, in 1997 he met Carmelo Piccolo, professor at the Conservatorio Statale di Musica "Gioachino Rossini". This meeting was a turning point for his musical career: through Piccolo, he discovered the freedom and beauty of the language of modern music and began focussing his studies in composition and piano.
A mathematician as well, he was ultimately attracted to the disciplined, highly structured and near scientific treatment of the musical material typical of many minimalist and postminimalist composers. In late 2000, with a group of young musicians devoted to contemporary music, he co-founded in Rome the ensemble Piccola Accademia degli Specchi, as a laboratory to realize his and other living composers' musical experimentation.
His works are regularly performed in Italy and major festivals dedicated to contemporary music. In September 2004, his work "Quasi un tango per la neve del mattino", for soprano sax, cello and piano four-hands, was premiered at the "Festival delle Città/Estate Musicale" in Portogruaro (Venice), Italy, with Alessandro Specchi at the piano. His work "Emersioni", for percussion ensemble and organ, was premiered in 2005 by the Gruppo Percussioni Trieste conducted by Fabian Perez Tedesco at the season opener of the Conservatorio di Musica "Giuseppe Tartini" in Trieste, Italy. His music was performed at the Contemporary Music Festival "Luigi Nono" in Trieste, Italy, in 2004 by the Piccola Accademia degli Specchi, and in 2005 by the Corale Nuovo Accordo, conducted by Andrea Mistaro. He participated in three programs of the International Contemporary Arts Festival "Postaja Topolove" (July 2004, July 2005, July 2006). His music was performed at "Cantiere Musica" (July 2008), "The September Concert" (September 2009) and "Nuovi Spazi Musicali" (October 2009), under the artistic direction of Ada Gentile, where Piccola Accademia degli Specchi premiered his work "La ragazza che dormiva sotto il letto".
In 2009, the festival "Bagliori d'autore" commissioned him to compose a work based on the life and writings of Victor Hugo: for this commission he wrote a piece for speaker and ensemble entitled "Actes et paroles", with a text elaborated by Chiara Piola Caselli after Victor Hugo's last political speech, "Sur la Revision de la Constitution", given on July 18, 1851. The piece was premiered in Rome in November 2009 by Piccola Accademia degli Specchi featuring the composer Matthias Kadar.
In addition to live performances of his music, his compositions have been featured on radio such as "New Sounds" on 
WNYC and 
"Echoes" on NPR.
His two works for chamber ensemble "Counter Rotating In Vacuum" and "Le Ragioni Dimenticate" were defined as "particularly enchanting" by the music critic Rob Haskins on the May/June issue of the "American Record Guide". Reviewing his piano multi-hand suite "Fibonacci's Piranhas", the Italian pianist and video-music artist Valeria Di Matteo wrote that it represents "a perfect example of how, in the context of minimal music, the two languages of music and science can balance and cooperate for the achievement of works of high artistic value".
He scored several documentaries and experimental short films, notably the musical short "Candidamente" by Ruggero Lancia (Italy 2000); the historical documentary "La Resistenza nella Provincia di Roma" by Michele Imperio (Italy 2006), which received the sponsorship of the Province of Rome; the documentary "Macchia Madre" by Simona Marziani (Italy, 2008); and the documentary "A Mani Nude" by Piero Pieri (Italy 2010), produced by the national broadcasting service RAI. He also scored the current European Marine Equipment Council promo video (Belgium, 2008).
Science.
Matteo Sommacal earned a M.Sc. in Physics at the Università degli studi di Roma "La Sapienza", Italy (2002). Subsequently, he received a Ph.D. in Mathematical Physics at the International School for Advanced Studies in Trieste, Italy, with Francesco Calogero as advisor (2005). His scientific publications in English include 16 papers (co-authored); he co-edited a special issue of Journal of Physics A. His main research concerns: the transitions from ordered to disordered motions for dynamical systems, explained
as travels on Riemann surfaces (this novel interpretation of Chaos is cited on Wolfram MathWorld Encyclopedia); the Kirchhoff elastic rod as a model for polymeric chains; the Landau-Lifshitz equation as a model for propagating magnetic droplets in ferromagnetic materials. He worked also on isochronous dynamical systems and oscillatory chemical reactions. Since 2009, he has been serving as co-chair of the organizing committee of the NEEDS International Conferences series.

</doc>
<doc id="30995521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995521" title="Cyanea asarifolia">
Cyanea asarifolia

Cyanea asarifolia is a rare species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common name gingerleaf cyanea. It is endemic to Kauai, where there were no more than 30 individuals in a single population as of 2005. It is a federally listed endangered species of the United States. Like other "Cyanea" it is known as haha in Hawaiian.
This Hawaiian lobelioid is a small, short-lived shrub. The leaves are heart-shaped and the inflorescence bears up to 40 flowers which are white with purple stripes.
The plant was discovered in 1970 and described as a new species in 1975. The first known population was composed of five or six plants and it is thought to have been extirpated. Another population containing 14 adult plants and five juveniles was found, but it was soon heavily damaged by Hurricane Iniki. Only a few seedlings survived. Today the only known population contains 20 to 30 plants, but some of these appear to be reproducing. Some plants have been propagated in a greenhouse and then planted in appropriate habitat, but these individuals were destroyed in a landslide.
Threats to the remaining population include natural events such as landslides, which could conceivably cause extinction. The gene pool is small. Plants are threatened by slugs, rats, mice, feral pigs, and exotic plants. 

</doc>
<doc id="30995534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995534" title="Pascual Echagüe">
Pascual Echagüe

Pascual Echagüe, (16 May 1797 – 2 June 1867) was an Argentine soldier and politician. He served as Governor of Entre Ríos and Santa Fe provinces and Minister of War and Navy during the governments of Urquiza and Derqui. He participated in the Argentine Civil Wars and the Uruguayan Civil War.
Minister in Santa Fe.
Echagüe was born in Santa Fe in 1797 and received a doctorate in theology in 1818 from the National University of Córdoba. He was a teacher for a short time, later secretary and afterward provincial minister to Governor Estanislao López. He represented his province at the signing of the treaties with Entre Ríos (1823), and at the Pacto Federal in January 1831.
He served several times as interim governor, and joined the army with the honorary rank of Lieutenant Colonel. He took part in the 1829 campaign against the Unitarian Juan Lavalle, fighting at the Battle of Márquez Bridge. He went with the army against Córdoba Province, and was in charge of the negotiations for the surrender of the provincial capital after the imprisonment of general José María Paz, being influential on the good treatment given to the captives.
Echagüe went officially to Entre Ríos Province, where he owned property, in December 1831, sent by López to obtain peace in the province. He defeated an obscure soldier who had named himself governor and was elected governor on 22 February 1832.
Entre Ríos Governor.
His administration started a period of progress and peace, with good relations with the Buenos Aires provincial governor, Juan Manuel de Rosas. During this period, Echagüe was promoted to general and re-elected twice to the post. He promoted Urquiza to colonel and commander of the Uruguay River's coastal forces. He founded the towns of La Paz and Diamante.
Peace in his province was threatened by Fructuoso Rivera's revolt against Manuel Oribe, the Uruguayan president. Rivera was defeated in June 1838, and Echagüe confiscated the possessions of the Entre Ríos citizens who had supported Rivera. Later on, he attacked the capital city of Corrientes, where the governor Genaro Berón de Astrada had rebelled against Rosas and had allied himself with Rivera. Echagüe defeated him at Pago Largo, and as a result more than one thousand enemy soldiers were killed, among them Berón de Astrada.
With the support of Juan Antonio Lavalleja and the members of the White Party, he crossed the Uruguay river in order to attack Rivera, but the latter defeated him at the Battle of Cagancha, on 29 December 1839, in San José Department, Uruguay near the Cagancha creek.
He returned later on to invade Corrientes Province, but general Paz defeated him decisively on 28 November 1841, at the Battle of Caaguazú. The Entre Ríos cavalry could not maneuver and was almost completely lost. Echagüe quit his post as governor and took refuge in Buenos Aires. Urquiza was named governor as his replacement.
Governor of Santa Fe.
Echagüe went with Oribe in his campaign to Santa Fe Province at the end of 1841. After the defeat of Juan Pablo López, Echagüe was elected Governor on 16 April 1842. He conducted a progressive and orderly government, as he had done in Entre Ríos, fomenting education in both provinces, in a time when this endeavor was given little though by the governing bodies.
In June 1845, López invaded Echagüe's province from Chaco, and occupied the capital city for a month, but Echagüe counter-attacked and defeated him, with Buenos Aires' support at Malabrigo. the rest of his term as Governor was a period of peace and stability.
When Urquiza declared himself to be against Rosas in 1851, and declared war, Echagüe was en route from Entre Ríos to Buenos Aires, and was attacked in December 1851. Echagüe and colonel Martín Santa Coloma reached Buenos Aires, while Domingo Crespo was named governor.
Final years.
After a short period, where it is not know where he lived – there are several versions that he might have travelled to Europe along with Rosas, and that both of them had met with Pope Pius IX – he took refuge in Montevideo. In 1854 he went to Entre Ríos, where he lived with a special permit from President Urquiza, who in 1856 named him Minister of War. Echagüe then organized a campaign against the native tribes in the Southern Chaco region.
From 1859 he was a national Senator, and that same year, federal Interventor in Mendoza Province, from 16 April until 23 August.
Echagüe represented La Rioja Province at the Constitutional Convention of 1860. Served as interim Minister of War during the administration of President Santiago Derqui and retired to Entre Ríos after the Battle of Pavón.
He volunteered for the Paraguayan War against Paraguay; but due to his advanced age he was rejected.
He died in Entre Ríos at the "San Gabriel" ranch, owned by his wife, Manuela Puig de Echagüe.

</doc>
<doc id="30995538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995538" title="T. F. O. Rippingham">
T. F. O. Rippingham

Thomas Francis O. Rippingham(c. 1896 — 17 December 1964) was an English-born architect who spent most of his professional life in United Kingdom government service in Northern Ireland.
Thomas Francis Rippingham worked on many projects and designs which have become part of the Northern Ireland landscape. One of his most characteristic and well known designs was that for the Police Stations which were built throughout Northern Ireland in the years following the Partition of the island of Ireland, in 1921, into the newly independent Republic of Ireland, and Northern Ireland itself, which remained a part of the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="30995553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995553" title="European Union Act">
European Union Act

The European Union Act (or European Union Bill) can refer to several items of legislation.
In the United Kingdom:

</doc>
<doc id="30995558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995558" title="Training Center Yorktown">
Training Center Yorktown

The US Coast Guard Training Center (TRACEN) in Yorktown, Virginia is one of four major Coast Guard training facilities in the United States. The others are Training Center Petaluma, Training Center Cape May and the Aviation Technical Training Center, located in Elizabeth City. TRACEN Cape May is the only US Coast Guard Base used for Basic Military Training or "boot camp". TRACEN Yorktown, TRACEN Petaluma and the Aviation Technical Training Center are locations for Coast Guard's apprentice level "A" and advanced level "C" Schools.
"A" School's.
The US Coast Guard offers seven "A" school courses at TRACEN Yorktown. 
International Training.
The US Coast Guard offers opportunities for foreign Coast Guard members to experience US military training. This training enhances military skills and advances technical understanding. This International training is 15 weeks long.
TRACEN Yorktown History.
In 1917, The US Navy purchased 400,000 acres of the Yorktown peninsula to serve as a fuel depot. In 1942 the US Navy housed their Mine Warfare Training School on the land. The US Coast Guard took possession of the school in 1957 and established the Reserve Training Center or RTC. The purpose of the RTC was to become the home of Coast Guard Officer Candidate School and a large summer training program for reservists. Today it serves as one of three training centers in the nation.
The William Gooch Tomb and York Village Archeological Site is located on the property. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
Training.
Training at TRACEN Yorktown is extensive. The training is designed to instill a profound understanding of technical and leadership skills in order to perform duties in a leadership role as a Petty Officer. The duration of "A" School training is typically 10 to 19 weeks depending on the course. Permanently assigned personnel include active duty, reserve, and civilian instructional, curriculum design and support staff. Students include Coast Guard active duty, reservist, and Auxiliarist. Additionally, TRACEN Yorktown provides training to other US military services and agencies, and foreign militaries and Coast Guards.
Base Services.
The Coast Guard is unique in that all other military branches have large bases with many services. The Coast Guard has many small stations that do not have those services. However, there are a few bases that the Coast Guard operate with all the services that other branches have on their bases. TRACEN Yorktown is one of those bases. 
The Training Center has a number of services:

</doc>
<doc id="30995570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995570" title="Saint James's Chapel, Bratislava">
Saint James's Chapel, Bratislava

Saint James's Chapel () is a ruined gothic chapel and surviving ossuary discovered underneath Námeste SNP in the center of Bratislava, Slovakia in 1994. It is the oldest sacral medieval structure and the only ossuary in Bratislava.
First incarnation of this building comes from the edge of 11th and 12th centuries, built as a chapel consecrated to Saint Lawrence atop an old cemetery located between today's "Stará tržnica" and "Manderlák" buildings, historically just outside of the city walls. Later, it was rebuilt in romanesque and gothic styles and consecrated to St James the Greater. The chapel is often mistakenly called "St Jacob's". The confusion arises because Slovak, like many other languages, uses the sane word for both "James" and "Jacob".
A glass structure in a metal frame, at first intended to be temporary, was constructed above the site in 1995. The chapel and ossuary are inaccessible to the public; guided tours are allowed in for four hours twice a year with the maximum yearly capacity of approximately 900 visitors.
History.
Next to the chapel to the north stood the Church of Saint Lawrence, which served as the parish church of the influential suburb of Dunajská Street and Špitálska Street. Today the church's groundplan is schematically visible on the pavement with stripes of darkly colored cobblestones. There was also a parish school next to the church. First historical account of Saint James's Chapel is from the year 1436 as a cemetery chapel next to the Church of Saint Lawrence. Both the church and chapel were demolished in the spring of 1529 as a preemptive measure before the Turkish invasions. The cemetery, however, remained operational until 1747.
Four versions of the same building were recovered:
First sacral structure identified was a rotunda of stone approximately from the year 1100 found in the depth of 3,5 to 4 meters, which was the level of the terrain at that time. It had an apse added later on its eastern side.
The rotunda was demolished after the construction of a new three-nave basilica of Saint Lawrence, at its place was constructed a circular romanesque ossuary consecrated to Saint James. A coin found inside the ossuary, a Viennese Fenig, dates the construction to the beginning of the 13th century.
At the beginning of the 15th century, the part of the ossuary above the terrain was demolished and a gothic squared chapel was constructed above the remains with the circular ossuary left intact in the basement. Since the building suffered from statical shortcomings it was rebuilt into its last shape in which it partially survived until today, with the internal and external walls being decorated by fresco-paintings and architectural elements were composed of sandstone imported from Austria. 
The parish church and the chapel were torn down in 1529 when the town was threatened by a Turkish siege. Some reports say the parish building next to the church was left standing.
Discovery and restoration.
Remnants of a small medieval building, later identified as the cemetery chapel of Saint James were discovered during the rebuilding of the SNP Square in 1994, during an archeologic session lasting from 1994 to 1996, conducted by the City department of protecting landmarks () under PhDr. Branislav Lesák. A glass structure in a metal frame, at first intended to be temporary, was constructed above the site in 1995. According to some critics it is unaesthetic, allows for minimal access and conveys little information about the historical value it protects. The only progress at the site since 1995 was a student architecture competition organized by Slovak University of Technology in Bratislava in 2006. There is no publicized information about the restoration effort on the parish Church of Saint Lawrence. 
In the future, the site should be accessed from the underground of the nearby Old Market Hall building. A cloak-room should be built in the basement of the Old Market Hall together with a ticket selling point. Afterwards, Saint James's Chapel should serve as an exposition of the Bratislava City Museum.
Research.
Research on the bones recovered from the ossuary of Saint James's Chapel published in "Anthropological Science" revealed a case of atresia of the external acoustic meatus, a defect of the opening into the auditory canal, something not common in historic and prehistoric populations.

</doc>
<doc id="30995577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995577" title="Edward Bozek">
Edward Bozek

Edward Bozek (born 20 November 1950) is an American fencer. He competed at the 1972 and 1976 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30995582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995582" title="2006–07 Atlético Madrid season">
2006–07 Atlético Madrid season

Atlético de Madrid opened a new chapter in its history, with the appointment of Mexican coach Javier Aguirre, who had been a huge success at Osasuna. With the club-record signing of superstarlet Sergio Agüero plus Mariano Pernía and Raúl García, Atlético emulated at repeating Aguirre's recent feat of taking Osasuna to Champions League. The end result was 60 points, the best points haul in its five-season La Liga return, although that was not enough even for UEFA Cup qualification, which resulted in captain Fernando Torres departing for Liverpool, the transfer causing fury among the support.

</doc>
<doc id="30995588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995588" title="Page County Courthouse (Iowa)">
Page County Courthouse (Iowa)

The Page County Courthouse in Clarinda, Iowa, United States was built in 1887. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the fourth building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
History.
The first building erected to house county business in Page County was destroyed, along with county records, in a fire in 1858. Two years prior to that a two-story frame building was constructed as a courthouse, but the space provided inadequate and court was held in churches and school buildings. In 1873 a simple building was constructed on the town square in Clarinda for $7,456. 
The foundations for the current courthouse were laid in 1885 and the building, completed in 1887, cost $86,500 to construct. The state fire marshal ordered the removal of the clock tower in 1950 because of falling bricks. It was removed in 1951 and replaced with a wrought iron railing and flag pole. The courthouse was gutted in a fire on December 11, 1991. A bond issue was passed by voters in August 1992 for $875,000 and another $175,000 in private donations was raised to replace the clock tower. The restored courthouse was rededicated on June 5, 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="30995613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995613" title="Nicholas Kendall (Royalist)">
Nicholas Kendall (Royalist)

Nicholas Kendall (c. 1577–1643) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1625 and 1640. He was killed in action fighting on the Royalist side in the English Civil War.
Kendall was the son of Walter Kendall of Pelyn, Cornwall. He matriculated at Exeter College, Oxford in October 1594 aged 17. He became recorder of Lostwithiel. 
In 1625, Kendall was elected Member of Parliament for Lostwithiel in a double return. He was elected again as MP for Lostwithiel in April 1640 for the Short Parliament. 
Kendall became a colonel in the King's army. He led a troop of Royalist soldiers into Bodmin, where they routed the Parliamentarian troopers who were raiding the town. He was killed at the siege of Bristol in 1643. He was buried in Lanlivery Church.
Kendall married by Emlyn Treffrey, daughter of Thomas Treffrey of Lostwithiel. Their son Walter was also MP for Lostwithiel.

</doc>
<doc id="30995638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995638" title="Paul Makler, Jr.">
Paul Makler, Jr.

Paul Makler, Jr. (born January 8, 1946) is an American fencer. He competed in the team épée event at the 1972 Summer Olympics. He is the son of Paul Makler, Sr. who fenced for the United States at the 1952 Summer Olympics. His brother Brooke Makler fenced at the 1976 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30995640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995640" title="Expedition of Al Raji">
Expedition of Al Raji

The Expedition of al Raji, occurred directly after the Battle of Uhud in the year 4 A.H of the Islamic calendar.
Background.
Immediately after the Uhud battle, a group of men from Adal and al-Qarah came to Muhammad; requested him to send with them a few instructors to teach Islam to their people who had embraced Islam. Muhammad agreed to this, and promptly sent six men (or ten men as per Ibn Sa’d) with them. However, those emissaries were sent by the Banu Lahyan, who wanted to avenge the killing of their chief, Sufyan bin Khalid al-Hudhayli in the Expedition of Abdullah Ibn Unais. Among the six missionaries selected by Muhammad was Asim bin Thabit,who was appointed the head of this delegation.
Attack on muslims.
When the Muslim party arrived at al-Raji, the delegation took rest for the night. Then a completely surprising attack with swords was initiated on the six Muslims to extract money from them. They promised not to kill them, but to derive money as ransom. 
However, the Muslims refused to believe the promise of the polytheists and fought back. All the Muslims, except Zayd bin al-Dathinnah, Khubyab bin Adi and Abd Allah bin Tariq were killed. These three Muslims surrendered and were taken as prisoners to be sold in Mecca. Zayd bin al-Dathinah was sold to Safwan bin Umaiyah, Abu Sufyan wanted to spare his life in exchange for the life of Muhammad. But Zayd’s love for Muhammad was so great that he did not want Muhammad to be hurt even by a "thorn prick". 
After killing Asim bin Thabit, Hudhayl wanted to sell his head.
It was then that Khubaib (one prisoner) who first set the tradition of praying in prostration before being executed. According to Ar-Raheeq Al-Makhtum (The Sealed Nectar), he then said:
"O Lord! Count them one by one, exterminate them to the last one." 
Motives for attacking Muslims.
According to William Montgomery Watt, the most common version of the event states that the motives of the Banu Lahyan for attacking Muslims, was that the Banu Lahyan wanted to get revenge for the assassination of their chief at Muhammad's instigation. So they bribed the two tribes of Khuzaymah to say they wanted to convert to Islam. Watt also said that the seven men Muhammad sent may have been spies for Muhammad and instructors for Arab tribes. He also said that the it is difficult to verify the exact date the assassination of their chief took place.
Islamic Sources.
Biographical literature.
This event is mentioned by Muslim historians Tabari, Ibn Hisham. The Muslim jurist Ibn Qayyim Al-Jawziyya also mentions the event in his biography of Muhammad, Zad al-Ma'ad. and Ibn Sa’d also mentions the event is his book about Muhammad's battles. Modern secondary sources which mention this, include the award winning book, Ar-Raheeq Al-Makhtum (The Sealed Nectar).
Hadith literature.
The event is mentioned in the Sahih Muslim hadith collection as follows:
According to Ar-Raheeq Al-Makhtum (The Sealed Nectar), the event is also mentioned in the Sahih Bukhari hadith collection.

</doc>
<doc id="30995642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995642" title="Chinook High School">
Chinook High School

Chinook High School may refer to one of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="30995653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995653" title="Electricity sector in France">
Electricity sector in France

Electricity production in France is dominated by nuclear power, which accounted for 76% of total production in 2009. Renewable sources accounted for 14% and fossil fuels 10%. France has the largest share of nuclear electricity in the world. The French nuclear power sector is almost entirely owned by the French government and the degree of the government subsidy is difficult to ascertain because of a lack of transparency.
The production of the nuclear power in France decreased 12% in 2009 compared to 2004 equivalent to 8% units share less nuclear power. It was almost equal to the 7% drop in electricity export.
France is among the biggest net exporters of electricity in the world.
Consumption.
In 2008 consumption of electricity was on average 8,233 kWh/person. This corresponded to 110% of the EU15 average (7,409 kWh/person) and 91% of the OECD average (8,991 kWh/person).
Mode of production.
For a detailed picture of the sources of electric power in France, see the List of power stations.
According to the IEA (head office in Paris) the gross production of electricity was 570 TWh in 2008 and 567 TWh in 2004 giving the 8 th top position among the world producers in 2010. Top eight countries produced 62% of electricity in 2008. The top producers were: 1) United States 21.5% 2) China 17.1% 3) Japan 5.3% 4) Russia 5.1% 5) India 4.1% 6) Canada 3.2% and 7) Germany 3.1% 8) France 2.8% ) 9) Brazil 2.3% and 10) South Korea 2.2%. The rest of the world produced 33%.
Nuclear power.
The French nuclear power is almost entirely owned by the French government and its electricity is sold to the government. According to Al Gore the degree of the government subsidy is difficult to ascertain because of a lack of transparencies in the finances of the operation.
France has the largest share of electricity from nuclear power in the world. According to the IEA 77% of its domestic electricity was generated by nuclear power in 2008. The second was Ukraine 46.7%, third Sweden 42.6% and followed by South Korea 34.0%, Japan 24.0%, Germany 23.5%, United States 19.3%, Russia 15.7%, Canada 14.4% and China 2.0. %
In terms of installed capacity and produced power in 2008 France was the top second nuclear electricity country in the world behind the United States. Installed nuclear capacity was 63 GW and power production 439 TWh i.e. 16.1% of the world total. In 2004 power production was equal.
The "Commissariat à l’Énergie Atomique" is the national authority in France. Nuclear companies include EdF and Areva. "Électricité de France" (EdF) is the main electricity producer. Eurodif is the uranium enrichment plant. Areva NC (France) and Rio Tinto (UK) are the top uranium companies of the world.
France reprocesses its nuclear waste to retrieve plutonium and uranium for use as additional fuel. Fission products are stored in La Hague facility until a deep geological repository for high-level waste can be constructed. A repository for low-level and short-lived intermediate-level nuclear waste is already operational.
The European Pressurized Reactor (EPR) at Flamanville, the first new nuclear reactor to be built in France in 15 years, is now expected to open in 2016 instead of the original starting date of 2012, and will cost €8.5bn instead of the original estimate of €3.3bn.
Hydro power.
Installed hydro electricity power capacity was 25 GW in 2007.
Wind power.
Installed wind power in France was 5,660 MW at the end of 2010 and 4,574 MW at the end of 2009. The share of wind power in the end of 2010 was in average 2.3% of electricity need.
In 2013 electric energy from wind power in France was only produced in onshore wind farms. However, on January 25, 2011, President Nicolas Sarkozy confirmed the tendering process to build France's first five offshore wind farms, expected to have a capacity of 3GW and to be sited off the Atlantic coast between Saint-Nazaire and Dieppe/Le Tréport. Tender documents were to be sent out on April 1, with the winning bid announced in early 2012. A second round of bidding to provide a further 3GW of capacity is expected in 2012.
Solar power.
France had 4.028 GW of photovoltaics at the end of 2012, installing 1.079 GW that year. The electricity generated in France by photovoltaics was 4,000 GWh in 2011. The largest completed solar park is the 115 MW Toul-Rosières Solar Park.
Export.
France was the leader in the export of electricity in 2008: 48 TWh followed by Paraguay 46 TWh and Canada 32 TWh.

</doc>
<doc id="30995674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995674" title="Guillaume Rouillé">
Guillaume Rouillé

Guillaume Rouillé (Latin "Rovillium"; c.1518–1589) was one of the most prominent humanist bookseller-printers in 16th-century Lyon. He invented the pocket book format called the "sextodecimo", printed with sixteen leaves to the folio sheet, half the size of the octavo format, and published many works of history and poetry as well as medicine, in addition to his useful compilations and handbooks.
Rouillé was born in Tours. Though he was a Frenchman, he served his apprenticeship in the Venetian printing-house of Gabriele Giolito de' Ferrari, and retained his connections with Venice as a source of texts after his arrival in Lyon around 1543.
Among his works was the French translation by Barthélemy Aneau of Andrea Alciato's pioneering emblem book, which formed part of a major publishing venture in Lyons by the team of Guillaume Rouillé and his printer Macé Bonhomme, 1549, which extended to translations in Italian and Spanish Rouillé also published books of "imprese" by Paolo Giovio and Gabriele Simeoni. Another work of iconography was the useful compilation of portrait types of Antiquity, "Promptuarii iconum insigniorum à seculo hominum, subiectis eorum vitis, per compendium ex probatissimis autoribus desumptis" (First and second parts, 1553, etc.) in which each medal-like portrait head was followed by a brief biography. Later he was one of the four printers that edited the “Lyon printers tribute to Michael de Villanueva” edition of a Materia Medica, as a tribute for his murdered friend, Michael "Servetus". French editions followed, "Promptuaire des Medalles des plus renommées personnes...", 1581, etc. His "Sententiae omnes undiquaque selectissimae", 1555, compiled moral maxims from the works of Aristotle.
On his title pages his mark was prominently displayed: an eagle displayed atop a globe on a pedestal, flanked by serpents with enknotted tails. His heirs continued the press into the 17th century.
Rouillé died in Lyon.

</doc>
<doc id="30995675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995675" title="Moheet">
Moheet

Moheet (Arabic: محيط, "Ocean") is an Arabic news web portal founded in 1997, based at Dubai Media City in Dubai, United Arab Emirates and owned by ArabiaInform. It was founded by the businessman Mohamed Aliwa and its editor-in-chief is Basyony Komsan. Moheet is the first-launched Arabic news website. It's headerquarters are located at Dubai Media City in Dubai, United Arab Emirates and its editorial and technology units are based at Cairo, Egypt.

</doc>
<doc id="30995677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995677" title="Mohamed Abulas’ad El-Alem">
Mohamed Abulas’ad El-Alem

Mohamed Abulas’ad El-Alem (Mohammad Abu al-As'ad al-Alim) was the mufti of Tripolitania from 1945 to 1951 and elected President of the Libyan National Assembly in 1951. He was a signatory to the original Libyan Constitution of 1951.

</doc>
<doc id="30995684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995684" title="Paul Apostol">
Paul Apostol

Paul Apostol (born 23 October 1945) is an American fencer. He competed in the individual and team sabre events at the 1972 and 1976 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30995686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995686" title="Metrocenter Academy">
Metrocenter Academy

Metrocenter Academy is an alternative high school in the Glendale Union High School District. It admits students ages 17 through 21 that need high school diplomas and have already taken some high school classes.

</doc>
<doc id="30995711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995711" title="Les Patineurs">
Les Patineurs

Les Patineurs (French, literally "The Skaters") may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30995732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995732" title="Maleján">
Maleján

Maleján is a municipality located in the province of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2010 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 344 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="30995743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995743" title="Fritz Lang (artist)">
Fritz Lang (artist)

Fritz Lang (15 March 1877 Stuttgart - 26 October 1961 Stuttgart), was a German painter, noted for his woodcuts, linocuts, lithographs and book illustrations.
Between 1892 and 1894 he was an apprentice decorative painter, after which he attended the "Königlich-Württembergische Kunstschule" in Stuttgart, and the "Karlsruher Akademie". 
In 1899 he returned to Stuttgart, finding freelance work to generate an income. During this period he produced numerous woodcuts, some of which were purchased by the British Museum, the Königliche Kupferstichkabinett of Stuttgart, and the Hofbibliothek in Vienna.
Between 1915 and 1918 during World War I he was conscripted and served with the armed forces. The post-war conditions in Germany were not conducive to artistic expression, and Lang's output was minimal during this period. By 1924 some of his work had been bought by the Victoria and Albert Museum and the Whitworth Art Gallery of Manchester.
A trip to the former colony of German East Africa in 1928 inspired Lang, and he produced a large number of woodcuts and paintings with an African theme.
During World War II the Allied bombing of Stuttgart destroyed Lang's studio. As a result his works became rare and valuable. Some 330 of his woodblocks survived the war. His animal and bird studies were outstanding, and clearly inspired other German and Austrian artists in their technique and composition. The influence of Japanese woodcut masters on Lang's work is evident.

</doc>
<doc id="30995754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995754" title="Nobody's Perfect (Jessie J song)">
Nobody's Perfect (Jessie J song)

"Nobody's Perfect" is a song by English singer-songwriter Jessie J from her debut studio album, "Who You Are". The song was written by Jessie J and Claude Kelly, and it was produced by Andre Brissett and Kelly, and refers to a struggle about perfection complex and regret over past indiscretions. It was released as the album's third single on 27 May 2011 after being served to radio stations on 20 April 2011. Its physical release was originally set to 23 May 2011, however it was pushed back to 30 May 2011 for an impact release. The single version was remixed by Tom Elmhirst and is slightly different from the album version with re-recorded vocals and a heavier beat. "Nobody's Perfect" peaked at number nine in the United Kingdom, becoming Jessie J's third top ten single. On the Voice, Jessie J and Vince Kidd sang "Nobody's Perfect" as a duet.
Background.
"Nobody's Perfect" is a mid-tempo song written by Jessie J and Claude Kelly. It is written in the key of G minor with Jessie J's vocals spanning from Bb3 to Eb5.
On 15 April 2011, during an interview with Digital Spy, Jessie revealed that "Nobody's Perfect" would be the album's third single following "Price Tag" with B.o.B (2011) and "Do It Like a Dude" (2010). She described "Nobody's Perfect" as one of her favourite songs from the album. MTV reported that the single is, so far, only confirmed for release in the United Kingdom. During an interview with "The Sun", Jessie said: It was added to UK mainstream radio on 20 April 2011.
Reception.
Critical reception.
The song received generally mixed reviews from music critics, who praised Jessie's vocal performance, describing the song "impressive, refreshingly real-sounding with a upbeat, uplifting charge, featuring lines layered across each other to the point of overkill." Some negatively described that while Jessie is currently UK's most promising singer to pursue an international career, this song may be her weakest spot and it "fails to entirely deliver and falls short of the promised hype."
Chart performance.
On the week ending 12 March 2011, "Nobody's Perfect" debuted at number eighty-one on the UK Singles Chart. The following week, the song fell to number ninety-seven before rising back up the chart to number thirty-two the next week. "Nobody's Perfect" has peaked at number nine, making it Jessie J's third top-ten single in the United Kingdom following "Do It Like a Dude" and "Price Tag". In Australia, the song debuted at number twenty-four on 16 May 2011. It has since peaked at number nine and has been certified 2x Platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA), for shipments of 140,000 units.
Music video.
Filmed in technicolor format, the music video for "Nobody's Perfect" was shot at Nu Boyana Film studios in Sofia, Bulgaria, on 24 March 2011 and was directed by Emil Nava. The music video premied on 14 April 2011 in the United Kingdom through Jessie's VEVO channel. The music video is inspired by Lewis Carroll classic tale "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland", Jessie J sits in a banquet table similar to the Mad Hatters' tea party. Jessie J is shown in a hall of doors that gives a resemblance to the curious hall in the first chapter of Alice in Wonderland. Jessie J also rolls in tar and appears dressed as the Roman goddess Libertas, who is better known as the robed female figure of the Statue of Liberty, what could be interpred as Black-and-white dualism. After completing the filming sessions, Jessie J described the video as her favorite done so far.
Credits and personnel.
Credits adapted from "Who You Are" album liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="30995761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995761" title="United States House of Representatives election in North Dakota, 2012">
United States House of Representatives election in North Dakota, 2012

The 2012 United States House of Representatives election in North Dakota was held on Tuesday, November 6, 2012 to elect the U.S. Representative from the state's at-large congressional district. The election coincided with the elections of other federal and state offices, including a quadrennial presidential election and an election to the U.S. Senate. A primary election was held on June 12, 2012; a candidate must receive at least 300 votes to appear on the general election ballot in November.
Rick Berg, a member of the Republican Party who was first elected to represent the at-large district in 2010, has announced that he will not seek re-election, but will instead run for the U.S. Senate seat being vacated by Kent Conrad. Republican Kevin Cramer won the open seat.
Republican nomination.
The North Dakota Republican Party endorsed Public Service Commissioner Brian Kalk at their state convention, though general election ballot access is determined by a statewide primary election held on June 12, 2012. In contrast to state political tradition, fellow Public Service Commissioner Kevin Cramer did not seek the party endorsement, instead attempting to defeat Kalk on the June primary ballot.
Debate.
The North Dakota Republican Party held a candidates' debate on December 14 at the campus of Valley City State University. All five GOP candidates declared at the time—Cramer, Goettle, Grande, Kalk, and Koppelman—participated.
Polling.
†Likely general election voters
Libertarian nomination.
The Libertarian Party of North Dakota has selected small business owner Eric Olson as their nominee at a state meeting.
General Election.
Cramer defeated Gulleson in the general election with 54.9% of the vote.
Polling.
‡Likely primary voters

</doc>
<doc id="30995773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995773" title="GCR Classes 8D and 8E">
GCR Classes 8D and 8E

GCR Classes 8D and 8E were two pairs of three-cylinder compound steam locomotives of the 4-4-2 wheel arrangement built in 1905 and 1906 for the Great Central Railway.
History.
In 1903, the Great Central Railway (GCR) had given comparative trials to two pairs of two-cylinder express passenger steam locomotives designed by their Chief Mechanical Engineer, John G. Robinson. These were similar in most respects, the main difference being that one pair (class 8B) were of the 4-4-2 wheel arrangement, whereas the other pair (class 8C) were 4-6-0. These trials demonstrated that the 4-4-2 was best for the GCR conditions, and so five more of class 8B were ordered, soon followed by a batch of 12.
Whilst these were under construction, it was decided to compare the merits of these locomotives against a three-cylinder compound of similar size. Accordingly, two compounds of the 4-4-2 wheel arrangement were built: no. 258 in December 1905 followed by no. 259 in February 1906, and these formed "Class 8D".
The class 8D locomotives were designed by Robinson according to the principles of Walter M. Smith, in which there were three cylinders: the boiler fed a single high-pressure cylinder placed between the frames, where the steam was partially used; it was then passed to two low-pressure cylinders mounted outside the frames, which extracted the remaining useful work from the steam. The same system had already been tried by Smith's employers, the North Eastern Railway in their class 3CC of 1898, and with great success by the Midland Railway (MR) in their 1000 class of 1902. The GCR engines used the same size cylinders as the MR engines, but were arranged differently. On the MR engines, all three cylinders drove the same axle, but the GCR engines were designed so that the high-pressure cylinder drove the front coupled axle as on the MR engines, whereas the low-pressure cylinders drove the rear coupled axle; the first use of this arrangement in Britain.
Walter M. Smith's son, John W. Smith, joined the GCR at Gorton on 20 August 1906 as Works Manager & Chief Draughtsman. The GCR ordered ten more 4-4-2s for delivery in 1906: of these, eight were to the class 8B design, and two were compounds. These two, nos. 364/5, shared a number of components with the eight class 8B engines, and were sufficiently different from the two compounds of class 8D to warrant a separate classification, so became "Class 8E". No more 4-4-2s were built for the GCR, of any of these classes, although in 1908, Robinson did consider ordering more compounds: but the introduction of superheating soon provided a simpler method of reducing coal consumption.
The four locomotives therefore remained the only compounds on the GCR. They were later given superheaters: the first was no. 365 in 1911, but it was not until 1927 before the last, no. 258, was superheated.
Initially based at Gorton, they were used on the express passenger trains between and . In 1920/1, the Manchester-London trains having become too heavy for them, they were transferred to Leicester, for use on the expresses between and London Marylebone. In 1932/3 they moved to Immingham, where they were mainly used on services between and , or . Withdrawal occurred between December 1946 and December 1947.
Numbers and names.
The locomotives were originally nameless. No. 259 was the first to be named, this occurring by November 1906 and was in honour of the reigning monarch; no. 364 was named by March 1907 after the wife of the GCR Chairman, Sir Alexander Henderson; no. 365 was named by October 1907 after the former GCR General Manager; and no. 258 was last, in June 1909, being named after the senior Director on the GCR Board. The nameplate of no. 258 had the name in three rows, the lettering of the middle row (the words "VISCOUNT CROSS") being of normal size, whereas the lettering of the other two rows was significantly smaller. No. 364 was renamed "Lady Faringdon" in 1917, Lady Henderson's husband having been raised to the peerage as the first Baron Faringdon the previous year.
After the Grouping, the LNER increased the GCR numbers by 5000, this occurring in 1924–5. Under the 1946 renumbering, they became 2895–8 in the same order.

</doc>
<doc id="30995776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995776" title="Mohammad Reza Naqdi">
Mohammad Reza Naqdi

Mohammad Reza Naqdi, (correctly Mohammad Reza Naqadi as his family was living in Naqadeh city after deportation from Iraq), is the commander of the Basij paramilitary force of the Islamic Republic of Iran. 
Career.
Earlier in his career Naqdi served as the Iranian Police Force's Counter-Intelligence Chief and is also reported to have been involved in "crackdowns" during the 1997-2005 administration of Khatami including the 1999 student protests. Amnesty International reported that in March 1999 Iranian authorities announced that General Naqdi, chief of police intelligence at the time, to be tried in May by a military court along with 10 of his subordinates. "The charges against them are believed to include `unlawful arrest` and `using torture to elicit confessions'." He was found not guilty.
Naqdi was appointed by Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei as commander of the Basij in October 2009, replacing Hossein Taeb. He has been described as possessing "conservative credentials" and his appointment was said (by Mohsen Sazegara) to have "shattered the hopes and plans of those who thought they could ease" the unrest and protest following the reelection of President Ahmadinejad. 
2011 protests.
On 14 February 2011 Naqdi was quoted by the semi-official Fars news agency as saying he believed the February protests in Iran had been started by "western spies" and that "western intelligence agencies are searching for a mentally challenged person who can set himself on fire in Tehran to trigger developments like those in Egypt and Tunisia." Naqdi was also quoted as saying the basij were "ready to sacrifice their lives" to defend the Islamic regime, and likened the opposition to the "party of Satan."
Two weeks later on 23 February 2011, the US Treasury Department imposed sanctions on General Naqdi, "for being responsible for or complicit in serious human rights abuses in Iran", adding him to the Office of Foreign Assets Control blacklist. The action subjects him "to visa sanctions" and "seeks to block any assets" he may have under U.S. jurisdiction, and "bans U.S. citizens from financial transactions with them".
Views.
In an interview which aired on Al Manar TV on 28 May 2012 (as translated by MEMRI), Naqdi dismissed the possibility of an Israeli attack on Iran, stated that "Israel is much too small to carry out attack. The statements serve only to amuse the terrified tyrants, who say: “We are here.” If Israel commits even the slightest mistake or the slightest act of stupidity, it will be the last stupid mistake in its life. Any stupid military act that Israel carries out will be the last stupid act in the history of Israel. Israel is not capable of harming Iran. We consider this laughable."
In an interview which aired on Al Manar TV on 16 September 2012 (as translated by MEMRI), Naqdi stated that if Israel attacks Iran "all options will be open to the Iranian people. The liberation of Jerusalem has been on the minds of the Iranians for many years, and they are just waiting for the right moment. I say to the Zionists that any attack on Iran will not culminate in anything less than the liberation of Jerusalem."

</doc>
<doc id="30995777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995777" title="2002–03 United States network television schedule (Saturday morning)">
2002–03 United States network television schedule (Saturday morning)

This was the United States broadcast television schedule on the four commercial television networks airing entertainment programming on Saturday mornings for the season beginning in the fall of 2002 and ending in the spring of 2003. All times are Eastern and Pacific.
New series in bold.

</doc>
<doc id="30995787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995787" title="Andrej Janež">
Andrej Janež

Andrej Janež is a Slovenian diabetologist and diabetes researcher. Janež is the Head of Department of Endocrinology, Diabetes and Metabolic Disease at University Medical Centre Ljubljana, Assistant Professor for Internal Medicine at the Medical University Ljubljana, Chairman of the Advances in Diabetes and Insulin Therapy (ADIT) conference, member of the advisory board for peroral antidiabetic therapy in Servier Pharma, member for Slovenia in the Diabetes Education Study Group (DESG) at European Association for the Study of Diabetes (EASD), and member of the European advisory board for continuous glucose monitoring system in development for Lifescan.
Janež authored numerous articles on diabetology and indexed by Science Citation Index(SCI), co-edited a clinical manual on continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion therapy, or insulin pump treatment. The latter is also the best known area of Janež's scientific work, as he introduced insulin pump treatment to India, Turkey, China, Slovenia, and several other countries, where he also led the effort of educating teams of diabetologists required for a continuous application of the technique.
Work.
Upon his return from the U.S., Janež introduced the insulin pump method into clinical practice of treating adult patients with Type 1 diabetes in Slovenia. Together with his colleagues from the Department of Endocrinology, Diabetes, and Metabolic Disease at University Medical Centre Ljubljana, Janež co-authored the algorithm used in insulin pump treatment, as well as tutored virtually all Slovenian diabetologists in usage of both insulin pump and glucose sensor. Janež also wrote all of the literature on subjects of functional insulin therapy and insulin pump in Slovenia, with its audiences ranging from diabetologists to patients. In 2008, he established a new unit for functional insulin therapy within the University Medical Centre.
Janež also led the effort of forming international standards for interpretation of results obtained with glucose sensor, publishing and presenting these on several international diabetes-related symposiums.
Coupled with his previous work in the field of functional insulin therapy and its pilot implementation in Slovenia, Janež went on to introduce this approach to diabetes treatment in other countries.

</doc>
<doc id="30995811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995811" title="List of number-one country albums of 1989 (Canada)">
List of number-one country albums of 1989 (Canada)

These are the Canadian number-one country albums of 1989, per the "RPM" Country Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="30995812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995812" title="Douglass House (Houghton, Michigan)">
Douglass House (Houghton, Michigan)

The Douglass House is a hotel located at the corner of Sheldon Avenue and Isle Royale Street in Houghton, Michigan. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
History.
The original Douglass House was a three-story frame structure built in 1860 on the corner of Isle Royale and Montezuma Streets, with a garden stretching to Shelden. The hotel had 50 rooms for out-of-town visitors, and the dance hall and dining room served as the social center of Houghton. In 1899, a group of Houghton-area investors, headed by John C. Mann, incorporated the Douglass House Company and purchased the hotel. By that time, the original frame structure was showing its age, so the Company settled on the idea of constructing an addition that would be appropriate for Houghton's new-found prominence. 
The group hired Henry L. Ottenheimer of Chicago to design the structure and Paul K. F. Mueller of Chicago to construct it. The new addition cost $125,000 to build and another $30,000 to $40,000 to furnish, and doubled the capacity of the hotel from 50 to 100 rooms. In 1901, the original frame hotel located on the site burned down. In 1902, an addition to the present hotel was constructed on the site by Herman Gundlack of Chicago.
In 1984, the Douglass House was converted to apartments. The first-floor bar remains intact.
Description.
The Douglass House is a four-story Italian Renaissance hotel constructed of buff-colored brick. The hotel is built on a sloping lot, so that the structure height measured from street level increases from two stories in the rear to four stories in the front. The front facade features towers at the corners, which are not included in Ottenheimer's original architectural plans. A loggia with gold cupolas stretches across the front. The facade is trimmed with white-glazed terra cotta.
The original hotel had an entrance on Isle Royale Street, leading to a lobby level one floor above the Shelden Avenue street level. The Shelden Avenue side had stores along the first floor; the remainder of the first floor had a bar and card rooms. The lobby level had a main desk, two lobbies, as well as a telegraph office and a sitting room. The upper two floors contained guest rooms.

</doc>
<doc id="30995814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995814" title="List of number-one country albums of 1984 (Canada)">
List of number-one country albums of 1984 (Canada)

These are the Canadian number-one country albums of 1984, per the "RPM" Country Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="30995820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995820" title="List of number-one country albums of 1981 (Canada)">
List of number-one country albums of 1981 (Canada)

These are the Canadian number-one country albums of 1981, per the "RPM" Country Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="30995825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995825" title="Robert Dow (fencer)">
Robert Dow (fencer)

Robert Stanley Dow (born March 8, 1945) is an American fencer. He competed in the team sabre event at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
He received his Bachelors of Science in Civil and Environmental Engineering from the Newark College of Engineering (now the NJIT), a Masters of Science in Civil and Environment Engineering from NYU and a MBA from Columbia University. He now serves as managing partner and chairman of the board of Lord Abbett.

</doc>
<doc id="30995826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995826" title="List of number-one country albums of 1980 (Canada)">
List of number-one country albums of 1980 (Canada)

These are the Canadian number-one country albums of 1980, per the "RPM" Country Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="30995827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995827" title="Bassam Shamseldin">
Bassam Shamseldin

Bassam Shamseldin is a Yemeni novelist and short story writer. He was born in the southern province of Ibb. He has published several novels and collections of short stories, and his work was featured in Banipal magazine, in an issue devoted to contemporary Yemeni writing.

</doc>
<doc id="30995829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995829" title="Psi Persei">
Psi Persei

Psi Persei (Psi Per, ψ Persei, ψ Per) is a Be star in the northern constellation of Perseus. It has an apparent visual magnitude of 4.31, so it is visible to the naked eye at night under suitably dark skies. Based on parallax measurements, it is located at a distance of roughly from the Earth.
This star has a stellar classification of B5Ve, which indicates it is a B-type main sequence star that is generating energy at its core through the nuclear fusion of hydrogen. It is a shell star with a circumstellar disc of gas surrounding the equator and extending out to about 11 times the radius of the star. As a result of this disc, the spectrum of this star shows emission lines (as indicated by the 'e' in the stellar class) and its magnitude varies over a period of about a day.
Psi Persei is rotating rapidly with a projected rotational velocity ("v" sin "i") along the equator of 390 km/s or more. The axis of rotation is inclined about to the line of sight from the Earth, so this velocity is close to the actual azimuthal velocity along the star's equator. It is expelling mass at the rate of about times the mass of the Sun per year, or the equivalent of the Sun's mass every 20 million years. This star may be a member of the Alpha Persei Cluster, although its proper motion is high compared to other members.

</doc>
<doc id="30995838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995838" title="List of number-one country albums of 1979 (Canada)">
List of number-one country albums of 1979 (Canada)

These are the Canadian number-one country albums of 1979, per the "RPM" Country Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="30995845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995845" title="List of number-one country albums of 1978 (Canada)">
List of number-one country albums of 1978 (Canada)

These are the Canadian number-one country albums of 1978, per the "RPM" Country Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="30995852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995852" title="SG2 Shareable (Fire Control) Software Suite (S4)">
SG2 Shareable (Fire Control) Software Suite (S4)

The NATO Army Armaments Group (NAAG) Integrated Capability Group Indirect Fires (ICGIF), formerly Land Group 4, and their Sub Group 2 (SG2) on Surface to Surface Ballistics has created a widely used set of shareable fire control software using the Ada programming language. This product is known as the SG2 Shareable (Fire Control) Software Suite (S4) and is sometimes abbreviated as S4 when referenced.
Fire-control system developers and most of the international (primarily NATO) ballistics communities are familiar with the mature NATO Armaments Ballistic Kernel (NABK) and other software component items that have emerged from the NABK development effort. The collection of these software items has been enhanced into the “suite” of NATO shareable fire control software.
Significant development effort occurs in Aberdeen, Maryland, USA in the Firing Tables and Ballistics Division, Armaments Research with contributions from a variety of agencies within participating NATO nations.
NATO Standardization Agreements (STANAGS) and Supporting Research.
The S4 implements a variety of NATO Standardization Agreements (STANAGs) including STANAG 4355 and STANAG 6022.
A number of papers and presentations have been published, such as a formal description of the early history of the suite and a later presentation in the International Symposium of Ballistics (ISB) forum sponsored by the International Ballistics Society (IBS).
http://www.hsu-hh.de/mit/index_tQ8Jt6q7o77XYTKW.html (S4 testing research and related contributions by Germany)
http://www.hsu-hh.de/mit/index_6ErpEIxUgVmppHGV.html (Crest Clearance algorithm contributions by Germany)
Integrating Weapon Systems.
Specific examples include:
Other Information.
https://www.aop-37.org (S4 home page)
http://www.nato.int/cps/en/SID-11879817-AC96E660/natolive/structure.htm (NAAG location within the wider NATO Structures)

</doc>
<doc id="30995854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995854" title="Al Stewart (bishop)">
Al Stewart (bishop)

Alan "Al" Stewart (born 1959) was an assistant bishop in the Anglican Diocese of Sydney and oversaw the diocese's Wollongong region from 2007 until 2010.
Stewart was educated at Moore Theological College and served parishes in Tregear, New South Wales and Centennial Park. His last position before his ordination to the episcopate was as the CEO of Anglican Youthworks.

</doc>
<doc id="30995877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995877" title="Ruth White (fencer)">
Ruth White (fencer)

Ruth White (born July 16, 1951) is an American fencer. She competed in the women's individual and team foil events at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30995890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995890" title="Giga-updates per second">
Giga-updates per second

Giga-updates per second (GUPS) is a measure of computer performance. GUPS is a measurement of how frequently a computer can issue updates to randomly generated RAM locations. GUPS measurements stress the latency and especially bandwidth capabilities of a machine. 
The BSS Random Access benchmark was proposed by IBM Research (Bhatotia, Sabharwal and Saxena at ACM/IEEE HiPC 2010) for measuring random memory access capability (GUPS) of multicores platforms. The new benchmark overcomes some of the major limitations (such as streaming random access pattern, etc.) of the HPC Challenge Random Memory Access benchmark.

</doc>
<doc id="30995892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995892" title="List of college sports teams in the United States with different nicknames for men's and women's teams">
List of college sports teams in the United States with different nicknames for men's and women's teams

The following is a list of college athletics programs in the United States that have different nicknames for their men's and women's teams.

</doc>
<doc id="30995904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995904" title="Metropolitan Arts Institute">
Metropolitan Arts Institute

The Metropolitan Arts Institute is an arts-focused Independent Charter School with both junior high and high school in Phoenix, Arizona. Metropolitan Arts Institute was established in 1997. 

</doc>
<doc id="30995934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995934" title="Werner Canders">
Werner Canders

Werner Canders (25 March 1914 – 23 April 1993) was a highly decorated Major in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. Werner Canders was captured by British troops in May 1945 and was released in January 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="30995936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995936" title="Ann O'Donnell">
Ann O'Donnell

Ann O'Donnell (born 8 March 1947) is an American fencer. She competed in the women's individual and team foil events at the 1972 and 1976 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30995958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995958" title="Palumbia">
Palumbia

Palumbia is a genus of hoverflies from the family Syrphidae, in the order Diptera.
Species.
Subgenus: "Palumbia" Rondani, 1865
Subgenus: "Korinchia" Edwards, 1919

</doc>
<doc id="30995962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995962" title="Piața Constituției">
Piața Constituției

Piața Constituției (Romanian for "Constitution Square"), also known as Palace Square, is one of the largest squares in the centre of Bucharest, Romania. The square is standing face-to-face with the Palace of the Parliament (biggest building in Europe) and it is bisected by the Bulevardul Unirii ("Union Boulevard") and by the Bulevardul Libertății ("Liberty Bvd."). The square is one of the best places to organize concerts and parades of Bucharest. Yearly, the mayor of Bucharest organizes the New Year's Party in this square. 

</doc>
<doc id="30995963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995963" title="Natalia Clovis">
Natalia Clovis

Natalia Clovis (born 13 July 1943) is an American fencer. She competed in the women's team foil event at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30995989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995989" title="United States House of Representatives election in Alaska, 2012">
United States House of Representatives election in Alaska, 2012

The 2012 United States House of Representatives election in Alaska was held on Tuesday, November 6, 2012 to elect the U.S. Representative from Alaska's at-large congressional district, who will represent the state of Alaska in the 113th United States Congress. The election coincided with the elections of other federal and state offices, including a quadrennial presidential election. As is the case every twelve years in Alaska, this will be the only statewide election contest held amongst this year's elections. A primary election was held on August 28, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="30995998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30995998" title="Tatyana Adamovich">
Tatyana Adamovich

Tatyana Adamovich (born 20 December 1942) is a Russian-born American fencer. She competed in the women's team foil event at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30996026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996026" title="Robert W. Hansen">
Robert W. Hansen

Robert Wayne Hansen (April 29, 1911 – June 9, 1997) was an American jurist from Wisconsin.
Born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, Hansen graduated from Marquette University Law School. He worked for the City of Milwaukee Police and Fire Commission. In 1954, he was appointed judge of the Milwaukee County Court. From 1968 until 1978, he served on the Wisconsin Supreme Court having defeated the incumbent chief justice George R. Currie. He retired in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="30996050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996050" title="Johanns Dulcien">
Johanns Dulcien

Johanns Alexander Dulcien Neira (born 26 March 1991) is a Chilean footballer who currently plays for the Chilean Primera División side Colo-Colo as an Attacking midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="30996062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996062" title="Lockington Locks">
Lockington Locks

The Lockington Locks are a group of canal locks on the former Miami and Erie Canal in Lockington, Ohio, United States. Built beginning in 1833, the locks opened for regular use in 1845. The system consists of seven locks: six together at one end, and a seventh at the southern end. Along with features such as basins to allow canal boats to turn around, the locks stretch for between Lockington in far southern Shelby County and Washington Township in far northern Miami County.
Construction.
As constructed, the locks were at the southern end of the Loramie Summit, which stretches from Lockington north to New Bremen. Lockington was a leading point on the canal: besides its locks, the village is the site of the junction of the canal with Loramie Creek, which it originally spanned with an aqueduct, and the village lay at the end of a feeder line that brought large amounts of water from the Lewistown Reservoir near Ohio's highest point in nearby Logan County. This small canal was designed to meet the main line at Lockington because the Summit included the canal's highest elevation of above sea level. As canal boats came north to Lockington, they were lifted by : Lock 48, ; Lock 49, ; Lock 50, ; Lock 51, ; Lock 52, ; and Lock 53, . Boats would typically take several hours to pass through the locks; as a result, the village of Lockington (originally named "Locksport") was founded to provide services to idle boatsmen and passengers. The individual locks at Lockington were constructed of large limestone blocks weighing as much as ; their floors were wooden, and their gates were made of the wood of the white oak.
Later history.
The most prosperous point in the history of Ohio's canal system was reached in 1855. After that year, revenues fell steadily because of competition from railroads; even small communities such as Lockington had railroad stations, and water sales became the canal's primary revenue stream. Restorations were attempted in the 1900s, but all attempts at refurbishing the system ended after a disastrous 1913 flood that destroyed many of the canal's components and ended all hopes of its future commercial use. Today, the Lockington Locks and the surrounding land are a park, and the only water that flows through the locks is runoff from heavy rains. The countryside surrounding the locks is scenic enough that the future may see the conversion of its towpath into a hiking trail.
Recognition.
In 1969, the Lockington Locks were listed on the National Register of Historic Places, becoming the first location to receive this distinction either in Miami County or in Shelby County. Other canal-related sites in both counties were later added to the Register: the Piqua Historical Area State Memorial and the Twin Arch Stone Culvert in Miami County were listed in 1971 and 1978 respectively, and the Turtle Creek Culvert and Embankment in Shelby County was listed in 1978, although it was removed from the Register just seven years later. The locks qualified for inclusion on the Register both as an important engineering accomplishment and because of their place in the area's history: they were deemed to be significant both in Ohio's history and in that of the entire country.

</doc>
<doc id="30996063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996063" title="Paweł Horodecki">
Paweł Horodecki

Paweł Horodecki (born in 1971) is a Polish professor of physics at the Gdańsk University of Technology working in the field of quantum information theory.
He is best known for introducing (together with his father Ryszard Horodecki and brother Michał Horodecki) the so-called Peres-Horodecki criterion for testing whether a state is entangled and showing that there exist states which are entangled, but no pure entangled states can be obtained from them by means of local operations and classical communication (LOCC). Such states are called bound entangled states.
He also showed that the bound entanglement (when it is "pumped" into a single pair of free entangled particles) can lead to teleportation with the fidelity impossible to achieve without support of it.
Paweł Horodecki was educated in Poland, receiving an M.Sc from the University of Gdańsk (1995), and a Ph.D (with honours) from the Gdańsk University of Technology (1999), and a habilitation (with honours) from the University of Gdańsk (2004). 

</doc>
<doc id="30996073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996073" title="Libfixmath">
Libfixmath

libfixmath is a platform-independent fixed point maths library aimed at developers wanting to perform fast non-integer maths on platforms lacking a (or with a low performance) FPU. It offers developers a similar interface to the standard math.h functions for use on Q16.16 fixed point numbers.
libfixmath has no external dependencies other than stdint.h and a compiler which supports 64-bit integer arithmetic (such as GCC).
Conditional compilation options exist to remove the requirement for a 64-bit capable compiler as many compilers for microcontrollers and DSPs do not support 64-bit arithmetic.
History.
libfixmath was originally developed by Ben Brewer (aka flatmush) and first released publicly as part of the Dingoo SDK. It has since been used to implement a software 3D graphics library called FGL.
Performance.
For the most intensive function (atan2) benchmark results show the following results:
Note: These results were calculated using fixtest with caching optimizations turned off.
Licensing.
libfixmath is released under the MIT License, a permissive free software licence, and is free software.

</doc>
<doc id="30996075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996075" title="Mosab Amrani">
Mosab Amrani

Mosab "Jaguar" Amrani (born 25 October 1987) is a Moroccan-Dutch middleweight-super welterweight Muay Thai kickboxer fighting out of Amsterdam, Netherlands for Mousid Gym. He is currently competing in It's Showtime and is a former World Muaythai Council (W.M.C.) featherweight world champion.
Biography/Career.
Mosab began most of his early career fighting at around the 61kg mark on the local scene in the Netherlands and became one of the countries top prospects in the lower weight classes. He made the transition up in weight to 63.5kg and made his first impact on the international Muay Thai scene by defeating the legendary Anuwat Kaewsamrit via technical knockout at a SLAMM!! event in 2008 to win his first major honour - the W.M.C. world title. 
He held on to his W.M.C. world belt for just seven months when he lost his first title defence against the highly decorated Andrei Kulebin at the Champions of Champions II event in Jamaica. Mosab made up for this disappointment in the Autumn of 2009 when he beat one of the worlds top Muay Thai fighters, Bovy Sor Udomson, to win the W.M.C. intercontinental title, stopping him in the first round in an extremely impressive victory. 
Recently Mosab has made the move up to the 70kg division where the competition is tougher but the riches are greater. He has so far shown himself to be a decent acquisition at this level with the It's Showtime organization, having beaten the experienced Chris van Venrooij and dropping a decision in what was a contender for 'fight of the year' against close friend Mohammed Khamal at the end of 2010.
Amrani knocked out Liam Harrison with a liver punch in round one at "" on March 23, 2012.
He fought in the eight-man, 65 kg tournament at "" in Tokyo, Japan on May 3, 2013. After outpointing Marcus Vinicius in the quarter-finals, he was defeated by Masaaki Noiri via unanimous decision in the semis.
He defeated Yuta Kubo by unanimous decision at "" in Tokyo, Japan on December 21, 2013.
He defeated Chi Bin-Lim at "Qabala Fight Series #1" in Qabala, Azerbaijan on June 29, 2014, dropping the Korean with a knee to the body before finishing him a kick to the same spot shortly after.

</doc>
<doc id="30996076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996076" title="Deafheaven">
Deafheaven

Deafheaven is an American post-metal band that formed in 2010. The San Francisco-based group began as a two-piece with George Clarke and Kerry McCoy who recorded and self-released a demo album together. After a warm reception, Deafheaven recruited three new members and began to tour. Before the close of 2010, the band signed to Deathwish Inc. and later released their debut album "Roads to Judah" in April 2011. A follow-up album, "Sunbather", was released in 2013 which was widely critically acclaimed and ended up being one of the most praised albums of the year in the United States.
Deafheaven's musical style has been described as primarily black metal infused among post-metal and shoegazing influences.
History.
Formation and demo (2010).
Deafheaven formed in February 2010 in San Francisco, California with vocalist George Clarke and guitarist Kerry McCoy, who previously performed in the grindcore band Rise of Caligula together. Clarke isn't sure how he arrived on the name Deafheaven, though he is aware of its appearance in William Shakespeare's Sonnet 29. The two words 'deaf' and 'heaven' were combined as an homage to Slowdive.
Clarke and McCoy recorded an untitled demo album in April 2010 at Atomic Garden Studios with Jack Shirley for about US$500, which the band couldn't afford at the time. Because the duo didn't own an electric guitar or amp at the time, the demo was written on an acoustic guitar and recorded with equipment borrowed from the studio. The untitled demo, which was released digitally and on cassette tape in limited quantities, featured four songs that combined traditional screamo with black metal and post-rock. Originally, Deafheaven didn't intend to release the material, but they later sent it out to a few of their favorite blogs. After the demo had been positively received, Clarke and McCoy recruited three additional musicians—bassist Derek Prine, guitarist Nick Bassett of the shoegaze band Whirr (formerly Whirl) and drummer Trevor Deschryver, who responded to an ad on Craigslist—to form a five-piece group, and started playing their first shows in July 2010.
Signing to Deathwish and "Roads to Judah" (2010–2012).
Deafheaven announced they had signed to Deathwish Inc. in December 2010—a label that was founded by Converge's vocalist Jacob Bannon. Deathwish contacted Deafheaven, and originally only wanted to give their demo a wide physical release. By this point, the group already had some new material written and asked if Deathwish could release both the demo and the new material. The first release that Deafheaven released through Deathwish was a 7" vinyl single that featured "Libertine Dissolves" and "Daedalus," two songs that were taken from the group's demo. The single was pressed in a limited quantity and sent out as a gift to random people that made a purchase from Deathwish's webstore.
Their debut album, "Roads to Judah", was released on April 26, 2011 through Deathwish. The title of the album is a reference to the N Judah light rail that provides transportation in Deafheaven's hometown, and lyrically the album is about Clarke's "year of substance abuse and debauchery." "Roads to Judah" received positive reviews from "Decibel" and "RVA Magazine", and was placed on several year-end lists including NPR, "Pitchfork Media" and "The A.V. Club". MSN Music also named Deafheaven one of the best new artists of 2011.
To promote "Roads to Judah", Deafheaven performed at Austin, Texas' SXSW festival in March 2011, toured the United States with the Canadian noise rock band KEN mode in June 2011, performed at California's Sound and Fury Festival in July 2011, toured the US with the post-rock band Russian Circles in November 2011, and performed a European tour in February 2012. McCoy said that Russian Circles "took us under their wing" while on tour and taught them how a band ought to behave. He said, "The three rules of any successful band are to write good tunes, be excellent live, and to not be an asshole while doing that. We were always striving to do that, but Circles hammered it into our heads." Deafheaven also participated in the mid-2012 festivals Northside in Brooklyn, New York and Fun Fun Fun in Austin, Texas.
As a part of Deathwish Inc's free live album series, Deafheaven released "Live at The Blacktop" in July 2011. The album featured an entire live performance from January 15, 2011 in Bell Gardens, California at The Blacktop—a former loading dock converted into a venue. In October 2012, Deafheaven released a split EP with the American black metal band Bosse-de-Nage through The Flenser. Deafheaven contributed a cover of two Mogwai songs, "Punk Rock" and "Cody", released as a single track. The two songs originate from Mogwai's 1999 album "Come On Die Young". Also in 2012, Deafheaven released a remastered, limited-edition vinyl record of its 2010 demo through Sargent House.
"Sunbather", new lineup and critical acclaim (2013–present).
As early as September 2011, Deafheaven announced they had begun writing new music for a potential split album, EP or full-length. At the time, McCoy described the material as being "faster, darker, a lot heavier and far more experimental" than "Roads to Judah". However, in December 2012, Clarke described their new material as less melancholic and less centered around black metal, but rather featuring a more "lush and rock-driven, even pop-driven" sound at times. The new album, titled "Sunbather", was written solely by founding members Clarke and McCoy—similar to the way its demo was composed, but different from "Roads to Judah", which was written as a five-piece band. The duo were also joined in the studio by new drummer Daniel Tracy, who "added his own drum style to already-constructed song skeletons." The title of the album reflects Clarke's idea of perfection. He stated that it's meant to represent, "A wealthy, beautiful, perfect existence that is naturally unattainable and the struggles of having to deal with that reality because of your own faults, relationship troubles, family troubles, death, et cetera." Deafheaven entered the studio to record "Sunbather" in January 2013 with Jack Shirley, and released the album on June 11, 2013 through Deathwish.
"Sunbather" was critically acclaimed upon release. Metacritic rated the album 92/100, based on 18 reviews, and later declared it the best-reviewed major album of 2013. It was also Deafheaven's first release to chart on "Billboard" — it ranked at number 130 on the "Billboard" 200 and number 2 on the Top Heatseekers chart.
In addition to new drummer Daniel Tracy, who was a part of the band for the recording of "Sunbather", the band recruited bassist Stephen Clark and guitarist Shiv Mehra for 2013 tours. Founding members Clarke and McCoy said previous band members parted ways due to difficulties with life on the road and earning little-to-no money. Deafheaven's first tour in support of "Sunbather" was a European/Russian tour with The Secret in April/May 2013 followed by a US tour with Marriages in June/July. In 2014, Deafheaven will tour Australia in January and support Between the Buried and Me with Intronaut and The Kindred in February/March.

</doc>
<doc id="30996084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996084" title="Oxford University Archaeological Society">
Oxford University Archaeological Society

Oxford University Archaeological Society (OUAS) is a society at the University of Oxford which promotes matters of archaeological interest through lectures, excursions and fieldwork. Its membership is not restricted to students, although it is generally run by undergraduate and graduate members of the University.
History and constitution.
The OUAS was founded in 1919. Previously, archaeological interests had been represented at the university by the Brass Rubbing Society (1893–1901) and Antiquarian Society (1901-1914). Founding members of the OUAS included Edward Thurlow Leeds, later of the Ashmolean Museum, who held the position of honorary Vice-President until his death in 1955. Other notable archaeologists to have held the presidency of the society include Nowell Myres (1923), Martyn Jope, Kathleen Kenyon, Francis Maddison, Jeffrey May (1959) and Andrew Selkirk.
Vice-presidents (as of 2013) include Professors Sheppard Frere and Barry Cunliffe. The Society continues to be run by an annually-elected committee comprising a President or Co-Presidents, a Secretary and a Treasurer.
Activities.
OUAS organizes weekly lectures during term-time, presented by archaeologists from outside Oxford as well as those based at the University. Non-members may attend but must pay an admission fee, although OUAS has an arrangement with the Oxfordshire Architectural and Historical Society whereby members of the two societies are entitled to attend each other's lectures.
Occasional excursions are also organized, allowing members to visit sites of archaeological interest.
OUAS has conducted various archaeological fieldwork projects in Oxfordshire, including excavations at Mingies Ditch and Alchester. Since 2007 the Society has been involved with excavation campaigns at Dorchester-on-Thames, a joint project of the University of Oxford, Oxford Archaeology and the people of the town.

</doc>
<doc id="30996091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996091" title="Dry-Fly Fishing in Theory and Practice">
Dry-Fly Fishing in Theory and Practice

Dry-Fly Fishing in Theory and Practice (1889) is British author and angler Frederic M. Halford's second and most influential book on dry-fly fishing. It followed "Floating Flies and How to Dress Them" (1886) and this pair of books initiated some 40 years of a rigid, and sometimes dogmatic school, the Halfordian school, of dry-fly fishing, especially on English chalk streams. The work also played a significant role in the development of dry-fly fishing in America.
Synopsis.
Whereas "Floating Flies and How to Dress Them" was about the dry fly, fly tying and to some extent the entomology of the chalk stream, "Dry-Fly Fishing..." was about fishing the dry fly. It was the consummate "how-to" manual for the dry-fly fisherman. It was not only about methodology, but also about the ethics and purism of the dry fly on English chalk streams.
The volume begins by spelling out the various pieces of fishing and personal equipment the dry-fly angler should possess. The pros and cons of different rod styles are discussed, along with fly lines, reels and the various miscellany a fly angler should carry. Although Halford did not invent dry-fly fishing, before this volume, no one had laid out in such detail the equipment recommendations needed to be a successful dry-fly angler.
Such were Halford's recommendations that they were routinely referenced by the fly-fishing trade:
A short, but concise Chapter 2 discusses the distinction between a floating (dry) fly and a sunk fly, with emphasis on the superiority of the floating fly as characterized by this concluding statement:
Chapters 3-5 go into great detail about how, when and where to cast the dry fly on the typical chalk stream. These chapters are heavily illustrated with casting techniques and comprise nearly 20% of the entire 1st edition.
The bulk of the remaining chapters deal with the entomology of the chalk stream, fly selection and trout behaviour.
Influence on American fly fishing.
Theodore Gordon, the acknowledged "Father of American dry-fly fishing", wrote extensively about the influence Halford had on his views.
George M. La Branche in his seminal American fly fishing work "The Dry Fly and Fast Water", wrote this of Halford's "Dry-Fly Fishing":
Other Editions.
From Antiquarian Book Exchange

</doc>
<doc id="30996154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996154" title="2000 AXA Cup">
2000 AXA Cup

The 2000 AXA Cup was a men's tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts in London and was part of the International Series Gold of the 2000 ATP Tour. It was the 23rd edition of the tournament and ran from February 21 through February 27, 2000. Marc Rosset won the singles title.

</doc>
<doc id="30996157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996157" title="Curt Barclay">
Curt Barclay

Curtis Cordell Barclay (August 22, 1931 – March 25, 1985) was an American professional baseball player. A right-handed pitcher, Barclay appeared in 44 games in Major League Baseball for the New York/San Francisco Giants between 1957–1959. In his only full season in MLB, in 1957, he was a member of the pitching staff of the final Giants team to represent New York, working in 37 games, 28 as a starting pitcher, and posting a 9–9 won-lost record. His 3.44 earned run average led Giants' starters and he pitched two shutouts.
A native of Chicago, Illinois, the , Barclay signed with the Giants in 1952 after attending the University of Oregon, where he played baseball and basketball. He posted 19, 16, and 15-win seasons in three seasons of minor league baseball, losing 11 games as well each year, before joining the Giants as a rookie in 1957.
However, that would be Barclay's only full season in the Majors. Hampered by a sore shoulder, he split the 1958 and 1959 seasons between San Francisco and its top farm club, the Phoenix Giants, and he retired after the 1960 minor league campaign. Barclay's final Major League record was 10–9 (3.48) with 73 strikeouts and 55 bases on balls in 199⅓ innings.

</doc>
<doc id="30996199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996199" title="List of people from Knoxville, Tennessee">
List of people from Knoxville, Tennessee

The following is a list of notable people who have lived in Knoxville, Tennessee. For University of Tennessee students and alumni not otherwise associated with Knoxville, see List of University of Tennessee people.

</doc>
<doc id="30996232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996232" title="Journal for the Education of the Gifted">
Journal for the Education of the Gifted

The Journal for the Education of the Gifted is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of education. The journal's editor-in-chief is Tracy L. Cross (The College of William and Mary). It was established in 1978 and is currently published by SAGE Publications. The journal covers research on the educational and psychological needs of gifted and talented children.
Abstracting and indexing.
"The Journal for the Education of the Gifted" is abstracted and indexed in:

</doc>
<doc id="30996261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996261" title="Koszta Affair">
Koszta Affair

Koszta Affair (1853) was the name applied to a diplomatic episode between the United States and the Austrian Empire, involving the rights in foreign countries of new Americans not yet fully naturalized.
Background.
A certain Martin Koszta, of Hungarian birth, who had taken part in the political movement of 1848-49 for detaching Hungary from the dominion of the Emperor of Austria, and who had fled to Turkey upon the failure of that movement, emigrated to the United States after a short detention in Turkey, and in July 1852, made a declaration under oath of his intention to become a citizen of the United States, at the same time renouncing all allegiance to any foreign power.
Abduction.
After residing in the United States for a year and eleven months, Koszta returned to Turkey on private business, and was placed under the protection of the United States by the American consul at Smyrna and the American chargé d'affaires "ad interim" at Constantinople.
While waiting to return to the United States he was taken, by force, aboard the Austrian brig-of-war "Huszár" and confined there in chains. United States officials protested in vain both to the Turkish government and to the Austrian officers. There was a rumor that the prisoner was to be transported secretly to Trieste. So on July 2, 1853, under instructions from the American Minister at Istanbul, Captain Duncan Ingraham of the United States sloop-of-war "Saint Louis", then lying in Smyrna harbor, threatened to open fire if Koszta was not surrendered to him by four o'clock. The Austrian consul general then agreed that Koszta should be held by the consul general of France until some agreement was reached.
Diplomacy.
On August 29, 1853, Baron Hülsemann, the Austrian chargé d'affaires in Washington, wrote to Secretary of State William L. Marcy, asking for the United States to "disavow the conduct of its agents... hasten to call them to a severe account, and tender to Austria a satisfaction proportionate to the outrage," basing his request on the ground that Koszta had never ceased to be a citizen of Austria and that Ingraham's threat was in violation of international law.
Marcy replied, September 26, 1853, in a ringing letter, known as the Hülsemann letter, in which he defended the position of the United States throughout, on the ground that Koszta had ceased to be a citizen of Austria even by the law of Austria, "that Koszta when seized and imprisoned was invested with the nationality of the United States, and they had therefore the right, if they chose to exercise it, to extend their protection to him; that from international law — the only law which can be rightfully appealed to for rules in this case — Austria could derive no authority to obstruct or interfere with the United States in the exercise of this right, in effecting the liberation of Koszta; and that Captain Ingraham's interposition for his release was, under the extraordinary circumstances of the case, right and proper." This letter was received with great enthusiasm throughout the United States, and the stand taken by Marcy with reference to the status of immigrants not fully naturalized has been endorsed by various well-known authorities on international law.
Koszta was ultimately released and allowed to return to the United States. The United States Congress passed a joint resolution of thanks to Captain Ingraham and decorated him with a medal in commemoration of his services.

</doc>
<doc id="30996270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996270" title="Mike Patton (rugby player)">
Mike Patton (rugby player)

Michael Patrick "Mike" Patton is a New Zealand rugby league player who represented his country in six Test matches, including matches that counted towards the 1992 World Cup.
Playing career.
Patton originally played for the Mangere East Hawks in the Auckland Rugby League competition and won the Lipscombe Cup in 1985 as the ARL's sportsman of the year. Patton spent the 1986 season with the Manukau Magpies. An Auckland representative, Patton again won the Lipscombe Cup in 1987, although by this time he was playing for the Glenora Bears.
He was called up into the New Zealand in 1990 and played in six Test matches, coming off the bench in all of them.
In 1992 he won the Rothville Trophy as the ARL player of the year.
Later years.
Patton went on to become a self-made millionaire.

</doc>
<doc id="30996279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996279" title="Thinker on a Rock">
Thinker on a Rock

Thinker on a Rock is a bronze sculpture by Barry Flanagan.
It is installed at Washington University in St. Louis, the John and Mary Pappajohn Sculpture Park in Des Moines, Iowa, Utrecht, and the National Gallery of Art Sculpture Garden.

</doc>
<doc id="30996281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996281" title="Multiband">
Multiband

Multiband Corporation and its subsidiaries engage in the provision of voice, data, and video services to multi-dwelling unit and single-family home customers in the United States. The company operates in two segments, Home Service Provider (HSP) and Multi-Dwelling Unit (MDU).
The HSP segment engages in the installation and servicing of DirecTV video programming, Internet, and home security systems for the residents of single-family homes.
On February 27, 2003, MDU Communications International, Inc.ended its merger discussions with Vicom, Inc, after careful consideration.
Home Service Provider (HSP Segment).
The Company, through its HSP segment, receives net cash payments for the installation and service of DirecTV video programming for residents of single-family homes. These video subscribers are billed by DirecTV. The HSP segment functions as a fulfillment arm for DirecTV. As a result, Multiband generally does not directly compete with other providers for DirecTV’s business. Although DirecTV competes with Dish Network, the other leading satellite television provider and incumbent providers of phone and telephone services for pay television customers, DirecTV has its own marketing and competitive programs of which Multiband is merely an indirect and passive recipient.
Multi-Dwelling Unit (MDU Segment).
The MDU segment serves as a master service operator for DirecTV. This segment offers satellite television services to residents of multi-dwelling units through a network of affiliated system operators. As of March 15, 2010, Multiband Corporation had approximately 120,000 owned and managed subscriptions. The company was formerly known as Vicom, Incorporated and changed its name to Multiband Corporation in July 2004. Multiband Corporation was founded in 1975 and is based in Minnetonka, Minnesota.

</doc>
<doc id="30996296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996296" title="Confession of error">
Confession of error

Confession of error is a legal practice whereby the United States Solicitor General in his or her role representing the federal government before the Supreme Court of the United States admits a lower court incorrectly decided a case and it is thereby sent back for reconsideration. By confessing error, the Solicitor General declares that the federal government's position, which prevailed in the lower court, was wrong. The Supreme Court then vacates the lower court's judgment and remands the case to allow the lower court to consider it in light of the confession of judgment.
One example is that Solicitor General Drew Days, III argued in a petition for certiorari in "Knox v. United States" that the Circuit Court's decision had been wrong, even though the Circuit Court had found in favor of the government. He urged the Supreme Court to vacate Knox's conviction for possession of child pornography; they remanded the case to Circuit Court.

</doc>
<doc id="30996321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996321" title="Russell Simpson">
Russell Simpson

Russell Simpson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30996329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996329" title="King of Burlesque">
King of Burlesque

King of Burlesque is a 1936 musical film about a former burlesque producer played by Warner Baxter who moves into a legitimate theatre and does very well, until he marries a socialite. Sammy Lee received an Academy Award nomination for the now dead category of Best Dance Direction at the 8th Academy Awards.
Remake.
This was remade in 1943 as "Hello Frisco, Hello".

</doc>
<doc id="30996335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996335" title="Klaus Reichert">
Klaus Reichert

Klaus Reichert (born 3 June 1947) is a German fencer. He won a gold medal in the team foil event at the 1976 Summer Olympics and a silver in the same event at the 1984 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30996348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996348" title="Kümmel (surname)">
Kümmel (surname)

Kümmel is a German surname meaning "caraway". Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="30996361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996361" title="Howard C. Samuels">
Howard C. Samuels

Background.
Howard Christie Samuels, PsyD (born March 29, 1952) from New York, New York has had experience in the substance abuse treatment industry for over 19 years and is currently the CEO and Founder of The Hills Treatment Center located in Los Angeles, California. Dr. Howard C. Samuels also sits on the executive board for Project SAM(Smart Approaches to Marijuana) with founders Patrick Kennedy and Kevin Sabet, as a strong advocate against the legalization of Marijuana in the U.S.
The Hills Treatment Center is known throughout the recovery community for treating a large number of media celebrities for substance abuse and many other process disorders. The Hills Center is catered to those accustomed to a more "plush" environment, in order to provide comfort and familiarity, while undergoing therapy in treatment. This contributed to nationwide media exposure for the facility, in which Dr.Howard C. Samuels was the focal point. While most clients elected their identities to remain confidential, there was a major shift throughout the recovery community, as many high profile celebrities began to publicly announce their decision to undergo treatment for drug addiction and/or alcoholism. Shortly after, many "high-profile" clients who were seeking addiction/alcoholism treatment, were willing to do so without fear of public opinion, such as Academy award winner Tatum O'Neal, former heavyweight champion boxer, Mike Tyson, and many more.
Dr.Howard C.Samuels has a first-hand experience with substance abuse, alcoholism, and the drug rehablilitation process. In 1984, Dr.Samuels was committed to his last substance abuse treatment center called The Phoenix House, located in New York. After spending a year in Phoenix House, Dr.Howard C.Samuels decided to devote his life to helping others suffering from alcoholism/addiction and went to train as a counselor and eventually got a job working at the Phoenix House's branch in New York.
Pursuing his education to become a counselor in 1990, Dr.Samuels worked at the Promises Treatment Center in West Los Angeles, CA as a counselor and later became the program director. Dr. Howard Samuels also collaborated with the owner of Promises Treatment Center, Richard Rogg, to open up another treatment facility in Malibu where he helped coordinate and develop the clinical program.
Today, Dr.Howard C.Samuels continues to provide counseling and therapy to individual clients in his private practice. He continues to run therapy groups, oversees The Hills Treatment Center, and appears in the media often for his education and experience with addiction and treatment.
Education.
Dr.Howard C. Samuels is a licensed therapist with a Doctorate in Clinical Psychology from Antioch University, which was received in 1996. Shortly after, Howard Samuels earned his MFT-(Marriage and Family Therapist), specializing in addiction from Ryokan College in 1998. Dr. Samuels had spent three of his adult years in rehabilitation centers for various stints relating to alcoholism and/or substance abuse prior to any formal education.
Family.
Dr.Howard C. Samuels is the second son of the late New York state political figure and co-founder of the Kordite Corporation Howard J. Samuels. His elder brother, Bill Samuels is also a Co-Founder of The Hills Treatment Center.
Howard C. Samuels has fought his own personal battle with drugs and alcohol in his youth and his drug busts received major media exposure on the front pages of both the "New York Post" and "New York Daily News". His court cases were covered in "Rolling Stone magazine" and "Newsweek", mainly due to the status and position of Samuels’ father.
History.
At age 17, Howard C.Samuels Jr. had been charged with a Class A misdemeanor from drug possession on his first arrest on November 2, 1969.“Young Samuels was referred by the court to the county’s Youth Counsel Bureau” due to his age as a minor, but his legal troubles continued. Only two years later,“Howard C. Samuels was arrested at Kennedy International Airport on October of 1971 with 10 bags of heroin in his possession”. His father simultaneously was known for taking a proactive stand against incarceration for heroin addicts, instead of medical care and treatment in his 1966 campaign for Governor.
The judge gave Samuels the option to undergo incarceration for his crimes or enroll himself into a substance abuse treatment facility, in which he chose the latter. 27 years sober, Samuels provides therapy to other addicts and alcoholics.
Howard Samuels, Andrew Spanswick, Dr. Alan Jason Coe executed an asset sale of Wonderland Treatment Center in November 2008. The State Court of California honorable Judge Chalfant on March 27, 2009 in case BC401271, overturned the asset sale. Judge Chalfant states "The Plaintiffs are likely to prevail on their claim of fraudulent transfer".
In the Media.
Samuels has been labeled throughout the media as the expert in alcohol and drug addiction treatment, and an addiction specialist. Samuels has also been featured on Fox News with Piers Morgan, CBS Early Show, Larry King Live, ABC's Good Morning America, and the Today Show on NBC as an addiction specialist. He appears regularly as an addiction specialist on CNN with Jane Velez Mitchell.
Notably, Dr.Howard C. Samuels was called to testify before the California Senate Public Safety Commission which resulted in legislation prohibiting the purchase of the hallucinogenic drug known as Salvia to minors.
Awards.
In November 2010, Dr.Howard C. Samuels was presented with the Hollywood Arts Inspiration Award, by actress Tatum O'neal, for his accomplishments in the drug treatment and recovery field.

</doc>
<doc id="30996371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996371" title="Internally Displaced Persons in Iraq">
Internally Displaced Persons in Iraq

The number of people who are currently displaced inside Iraq is estimated to be 2.8 million, or one out of every ten Iraqis This figure is cumulative and represents both those displaced before and after the 2003 US-led invasion. Displacement in Iraq is “chronic and complex:” since the 1960s Iraq has produced the largest population of Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) and refugees of any state in the Middle East with the exception of Afghanistan.
Under the Ba’athist regime, an estimated 1.2 million people were internally displaced as a result of factors that include the Iran-Iraq War and policies of forced displacement that were intended to quell resistance and consolidate the control of territory, particularly in the Kurdish northern and Shiite southern area.
In the period directly following the 2003 invasion, population displacement was largely the result of US-led military operations against insurgents, especially in Sunni areas. Such displacements were generally temporary.
Internal displacement increased dramatically after the February 2006 bombing of the Al-Askari Mosque in Samarra. Rising sectarian violence contributed to the displacement of approximately 1.5 million Iraqis between 2006 and 2009, bringing the total displaced population to around 2.7 million.
Since then, a relatively improved security situation has resulted in a decline in the incidence of new displacement; from 2009 to 2010 an additional 100,000 Iraqis are thought to have been displaced.
Despite the drop in violence, persistent insecurity and other factors have prevented Iraqis from returning to their homes. As a result, the estimated number of IDPs in Iraq has remained relatively static in recent years.
Estimates rely heavily on the number of people who have registered as IDPs with the government or with assistance organizations. Registration remains voluntary, however, and requires documentation that displaced persons may lack.
Demographics.
According to the Iraqi Red Crescent Society, over 80% of the displaced are women and young children. (IRCS June 2008). IDMC reports that most displaced women are single or unaccompanied, and the elderly also make a large part of the displaced population.
Approximately 58% of IDPs are Sunni Arabs, 29% are Shi’a Arabs, and 13% are minorities such as Shabaks, Kurds, Armenians, and others.
Baghdad is the center of post-2003 displacement: around 60% of Iraqis displaced since then have come from Baghdad, and the city also hosts around 40% of the displaced population. Fleeing or fearing sectarian violence, many Baghdad residents left their homes to move to neighborhoods inhabited by those of the same religious, tribal, or sectarian group. This process has led to the homogenization of communities in the capital city and throughout the country.
After Baghdad, Diyala is the governorate most affected by displacement. Many displaced persons have also resettled in the Kurdish north, but persistent tensions over governorate borders in this multi-ethnic area have caused further population displacements.
Barriers to Return.
Of those who have been internally displaced in the post-Saddam era, approximately 300,000 have returned home. Millions of Iraqis remain displaced within the borders of Iraq and in neighboring countries.
Security concerns continue to affect displaced populations. Despite the general decrease in conflict since 2006-7, political uncertainties and the persistence of bombings, kidnappings and other incidents of violence – including those that target Christians and other minorities – have deterred people from trying to return home. The homogenization of neighborhoods along ethnic or sectarian lines may also contribute to the reluctance on the part of former inhabitants to return to the communities from which they fled.
The quality of life in Iraq has decreased dramatically since 2003 and therefore economic and livelihood factors also play a major role in the complex decision-making processes of displaced Iraqis. Unemployment is endemic in Iraq and many IDPs, particularly women, do not have adequate access to employment opportunities. Many have also had their homes destroyed or occupied by others and must find alternative sources of shelter for themselves and their families. UNHCR estimates that over one million internally displaced Iraqis need assistance with food and shelter. In many neighborhoods, access to essential services such as clean water, electricity, basic health care, and education is still inadequate. Such challenges may create barriers not only to return but to subsistence.
A third barrier to return is the challenge of resolving land disputes. The Government of Iraq has taken measures to restore private property ownership and to resolve conflicts over land, but these policies so far have had a limited impact.
Interviews with Iraqi IDPs have revealed that, given the security and socio-economic barriers to return, many would prefer to integrate into their new communities or to relocate somewhere else.
Policy of the Iraq Government.
Iraq established the Ministry of Displacement and Migration (MoDM) in August 2003 in order to assist IDPs, refugees, and returnees. MoDM has established a presence in most governorates and has worked to facilitate the process of registration and return throughout Iraq. Nevertheless, critics of MoDM allege that it was unprepared to handle the post-2006 surge in displacement, and that it currently lacks the manpower, expertise, and resources to be effective and to coordinate and strategize large-scale returns in the future. Earlier this year, Azhar Al-Mousawi, Deputy Minister for Displacement and Migration, revealed that the Iraqi government had allocated MoDM only $250 million of the $416–500 million needed to implement its programs.
In partnership with organizations such as UNHCR, various types of centers have been established, particularly in Baghdad, to provide protection, registration, legal advice, financial assistance, and referrals to displaced persons. Registered IDPs may receive a financial assistance package valued at around $850. Those living in formerly occupied residences may receive a six-month rental assistance package to vacate the lot so that former residents can return. Despite such incentives, the rate of registration and application for assistance among IDPs remains low, as does the rate of applicants actually receiving aid.
The Government of Iraq has also taken steps to resolve disputes over private property that have impeded the ability of displaced persons to return. The Commission for the Resolution of Real Property Disputes was established in 2006 to handle disputes arising from the time of the Baathist regime. In 2009, only 1,000 of the 152,000 claims it received had resulted in an enforced decision. This Commission is scheduled to be replaced by another that will also take property destruction that occurred under the Saddam regime into account. Similar provisions have been made to address post-2003 land disputes (Order 101) despite this, most claims from both the pre and post-2003 eras remain unresolved. Challenges also include addressing issues such as destroyed property, loss of businesses, and land sales made under duress.
Some have argued that government policies towards IDPs have focused on return, and that little support has been offered for displaced persons who wish to integrate locally or to resettle elsewhere. The official government plan for 2011 mentions assistance for integration and resettlement as well as return. 
In 2008, MoDM introduced a National Policy on Displacement that outlined the rights of Iraqi IDPs and the duties of the Iraq government towards its displaced population. This policy has not yet been passed into law, nor have plans yet been made to implement it.

</doc>
<doc id="30996372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996372" title="List of longest rivers of the United States (by main stem)">
List of longest rivers of the United States (by main stem)

The main stems of 38 rivers in the United States are at least long. The main stem is "the primary downstream segment of a river, as contrasted to its tributaries". The United States Geological Survey (USGS) defines a main-stem segment by listing coordinates for its two end points, called the "source" and the "mouth". Well-known rivers like the Atchafalaya, Willamette, and Susquehanna are not included in this list because their main stems are shorter than 500 miles.
Seven rivers in this list cross or form international boundaries. Two—the Yukon and Columbia rivers—begin in Canada and flow into the United States. Three—the Milk and Saint Lawrence rivers and the Red River of the North—begin in the United States and flow into Canada. Of these, only the Milk River crosses the international border twice, leaving and then re-entering the United States. Two rivers, the Colorado and the Rio Grande, begin in the United States and flow into or form a border with Mexico. In addition, the drainage basins of the Mississippi and Missouri rivers extend into Canada, and the basin of the Gila River extends into Mexico.
Sources report hydrological quantities with varied precision. Biologist and author Ruth Patrick, describing a table of high-discharge U.S. rivers, wrote that data on discharge, drainage area, and length varied widely among authors whose works she consulted. "It seems," she said, "that the wisest course is to regard data tables such as the present one as showing the general ranks of rivers, and not to place too much importance on minor (10–20%) differences in figures."
Table.
The primary source for watershed and discharge data in the table below is "Rivers of North America". Conflicting data from other sources, if the difference is greater than 10 percent, is reported in the notes. Discharge refers to the flow at the mouth. In the "States, provinces, and image" column, the superscripts "s" and "m" indicate "source" and "mouth". Non-U.S. states appear in italics. Except in the "States, provinces, and image" column, abbreviations are as follows: "km" for "kilometer", "mi" for "mile", "s" for "second", "m" for "meter", and "ft" for "foot". 

</doc>
<doc id="30996380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996380" title="Thomas Erichsens Minde">
Thomas Erichsens Minde

Thomas Erichsens Minde is a landmark estate and Manor house located on the isle of Askøy outside Bergen, on the west coast of Norway.
Hop farm.
Starting in the 1500s Hop Farm was the seat of the magistrate of Bergen and Gulen. The farm was in 1651 taken over by the mayor and the presiding judge Hans Hansson Smith, who was ennobled in 1676 with the name of "Lilienskiold". His son, the Governor of Finnmark, took possession over both the noble title and the estate after his father. In the period of 1703–1737 the farm was owned by Minister Niels Knagh, later ennobled with the name of "Knagenhielm". He was among the richest men of Western Norway, and the land owner of vast areas in Kaupanger. The farm was subsequently inherited by Justice Christian Krogh.
Thomas Erichsen Memorial.
In 1792 the property was bought by the merchant Thomas Erichsen, one of the richest men in Bergen. Between 1793 and 1795 he built the main building in Louis XVI style. Thomas Erichsen also built a magnificent garden with an 800 meter long avenue down to the sea houses in Hop harbor. The lower section of the avenue consists of ash trees, while further up it is linden trees.
Heritage.
Thomas Erichsen Minde was protected by the Cultural Heritage Act in 1923. The property was in 1932 taken over by A/S Ask Health Home. The main building has an annex to the northwest which was designed by Molden Architects. Midthordland Inner Mission ("Midthordland Indremisjon") took over Thomas Erichsen Memorial in 1971, and operated a retirement and nursing home on the property for 40 years until 2010. At that time, the property was sold to investors as a potential meeting and conference center.

</doc>
<doc id="30996395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996395" title="Harald Hein">
Harald Hein

Harald Hein (19 April 1950 – 20 May 2008) was a German fencer. He won a gold medal in the team foil event at the 1976 and a silver in the same event at the 1984 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30996410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996410" title="Robert Croke (died 1680)">
Robert Croke (died 1680)

Sir Robert Croke (c. 1609 – 8 February 1680) was an English lawyer and politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1640 and 1643.
Croke was the son of Sir Henry Croke, of Hampton Poyle, Oxfordshire and his wife Bridget Hawtrey, daughter of Sir William Hawtrey of Chequers. He matriculated at Balliol College, Oxford on 31 October 1629 aged 18 and was called to the bar at Inner Temple in 1635.
In April 1640, Croke was elected Member of Parliament for Wendover in the Short Parliament. He was re-elected MP for Wendover for the Long Parliament in November 1640 and sat until he was disabled from sitting on 15 November 1643. He supported the king and was knighted on 9 August 1641. He was created D.Med. at Oxford on 1 May 1644.
Croke had residence at Chequers which came to him through his mother, and another residence at Hampton Poyle. He became Clerk of the Pipe in 1659 and a bencher of Gray's Inn in 1660.
Croke died at the age of 71. 
Croke married Susannah Vanloor, daughter of Sir Peter Vanloor Bt. His son Robert was also MP for Wendover.

</doc>
<doc id="30996422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996422" title="Jez George">
Jez George

Jeremy "Jez" George (born 24 January 1970) is a former English football manager who is now Director of Football for Cambridge United in the Conference Premier. He is also a prominent figure in the Cambridge United Youth & Community Trust. He has been hailed as "the heart and soul" of the club by former England international Dion Dublin.
George is also a noted football lobbyist and fundraiser, campaigning for changes to rules in youth football funding which currently see clubs relegated from the Football League lose the entirety of their funding after two seasons. As part of his work he has founded the organisation Protect Football's Future, has taken part in two cross-country charity walks raising over £100,000 for youth development schemes, and in doing so has earned plaudits from an array of high-profile football personalities including Bob Wilson, Sam Allardyce and Sir Alex Ferguson.
Youth football.
Cambridge United Youth & Community Trust.
George was integral in setting up the Cambridge United Youth & Community Trust, which was formed in March 2010 to provide sport and learning activities for children in Cambridge and the surrounding area. Its mission statement is "to positively influence the lifetime potential of 10,000 children annually through sport", which it seeks to achieve through operating football courses and a Centre of Excellence, alongside more traditional education courses which it runs out of its state of the art Learning Centre at the Abbey Stadium.
As a result of his involvement with the Trust, and as manager of Cambridge Regional College, George became intimately involved with the financing of youth football. Because of its status as a non-league club, Cambridge United receives no funding from the Football League Youth Development scheme, despite its historical success in producing players for both its own first team, and other clubs; indeed, the club's youth system is regarded throughout professional football circles as one of the best in England. George's first fundraising venture saw him walk from Torquay to Cambridge to highlight the injustice in the funding rules which saw Torquay United receive £180,000 for their youth set-up following their victory over Cambridge United in the 2009 play-off final. The walk saw George, along with then centre of excellence manager Matt Walker, cover 260 miles and raise £40,000 to help towards the annual running costs of Cambridge's youth teams.
Protect Football's Future.
Protect Football's Future was launched in April 2010 as a coalition between six former league clubs - Wrexham, Oxford United, York City, Rushden & Diamonds, Mansfield Town and Cambridge United - to oppose the FA's funding rules which they perceived as unfair and creating a postcode lottery. To publicise the launch, George undertook a 19 day, 410 mile walk in April and May 2010 from Wrexham to Wembley to raise funds and awareness of the campaign. During the so-called 'Walk for Change', close to 3,000 signatures were collected on a petition, with past and present Premier League players Dave Kitson, Danny Murphy, Curtis Davies and Jack Collison among those pledging support.
The walk raised around £60,000 for youth development funds and garnered much media attention for the campaign, culminating in the presentation of the petition to the FA at Wembley, and an All Star Match at the Abbey Stadium. Dave Kitson, in particular, was a vocal supporter of George's campaign, appearing at the All Star Match, conducting various media interviews and (alongside Jack Collison and Curtis Davis) writing an open letter to the FA, Premier League and Football League supporting the need for changes to youth football's financing.
In January 2011, George said of his campaign that "some progress has been made but it’s a very slow process". This followed meetings with Sir Trevor Brooking, the FA’s director of football development and Jed Roddy, the Premier League’s head of youth, to discuss the Protect Football's Future campaign.
Managerial career.
CRC FC.
After joining Cambridge United from local rivals Cambridge City, George became the first manager of Cambridge Regional College, a team formed in 2006 as a de facto reserve team. FA rules prohibit reserve teams playing at certain levels of the football pyramid, and so the CRC name was adopted in recognition of the College's financial support, and because the team is made up almost entirely of scholars.
George coached the team for a number of years to considerable success both on and off the field as it grew to establish itself in the Eastern Counties Football League, finishing runners-up in 2008–09 and again in 2009–10, producing a number of players who would go on to star in Cambridge's first team, notably Josh Coulson, Robbie Willmott and Luke Berry.
Cambridge United.
When Martin Ling left Cambridge United on 1 February 2011 after 87 games in charge, George took over as caretaker manager of the first team, initially until the end of the 2010–11 season. After successfully guiding the team to safety from relegation, his position was made permanent at the end of the season.
George set about reshaping the team prior to the 2011–12 season in order to meet budget cuts, which saw a 25% reduction in the club's playing budget. A number of the club's highest earners, including former assistant manager Paul Carden and the previous season's top scorer Danny Wright, left the club as George implemented a disciplined wage structure: "the players who were over the wage ceiling...were quite categorically told the options they had to them were to take a pay cut and discuss what that would be or to find another club".
Despite the budget restraints, however, George enjoyed a successful start to the season with a team made up of CRC graduates and promising youngsters. Early season form saw the team establish itself in the play-off positions following notable away wins against Luton Town and Mansfield Town, both tipped for success prior to the start of the season. Such was the dramatic change in the mood around the club under George's management, attendances began to recover from the historic lows seen under the Ling-era, and fans coined the term 'the Jezolution', a portmanteau of George's forename and 'revolution', selling 'Viva La Jezolution' merchandise to continue George's legacy of fundraising from his youth football days. On 14 April 2012, George paid the ticket entry fee for each of the 80 Cambridge United fans who attended the club's away fixture at Barrow out of his own pocket. This generous act was George's way of thanking the club's fans for their loyal support throughout his first full year in charge, and was followed by the first team players on that day buying a large amount of pizzas for the away fans to eat on their 270 mile journey home. Cambridge United would finish the 2011–12 season in 9th place.
George led Cambridge United to two wins out of their first three league matches in the 2012–13 Conference National campaign. This strong start was followed by a run of eight games where they failed to win, only securing three draws. This poor run of form led George to announce his return to his previous role as Director of Football on 4 October 2012. At the same time, Richard Money was announced as the new head coach of Cambridge.

</doc>
<doc id="30996440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996440" title="The Empire (play)">
The Empire (play)

The Empire is a 2010 play by British playwright DC Moore set during the War in Afghanistan. It was first staged at the Royal Court Theatre in London directed by Mike Bradwell. The production was critically acclaimed. It won the 2010 TMA Award for best touring production and was nominated for a 2010 Olivier Award for Outstanding Achievement in Affiliated Theatre.
Plot and background.
In the Helmand Province during the War in Afghanistan, British Lance Corporal Gary Harris and his Afghan colleague, Hafizullah, are guarding an injured prisoner who is suspected of an RPG attack that wounded one of Gary's comrades. Their assignment is to wait for the medics to patch up the prisoner and then turn him over to the Afghan National Army, who will most likely kill him. 
But when the prisoner, Zia, wakes up, he tells them he is not a Taliban insurgent but is instead a British citizen from Newham, not far from Gary's home in Tottenham. Zia claims he was visiting family in Pakistan and that he reluctantly accompanied his uncle's associate on a business trip to Afghanistan, where he was kidnapped by the Taliban and ended up in the midst of the battle. 
Gary and his commanding officer, Captain Simon Mannock, are faced with a dilemma. Simon considers sending Zia by helicopter to Camp Bastion. The situation is further complicated when Gary learns that his friend Phipps is dying of his wounds. Gary seriously injures Zia and threatens to kill him, but Simon stops him. When the helicopter arrives, they still have not decided what to do with Zia.
The ending of the play is left unresolved, both in terms of Zia's fate and whether Zia was telling the truth. DC Moore said, "I deliberately wrote the play so that there would be no right answer as to whether Zia is guilty or not." For the premiere production, Moore, director Mike Bradwell and actor Nav Sidhu devised a backstory in which Zia was neither completely guilty nor entirely innocent. They decided that Zia had willingly gotten involved with the Taliban while visiting Pakistan, but had realized his mistake and had not taken part in the attack that killed Phipps. Moore said, "I would actually like different productions to approach it differently (some thinking Zia's completely innocent, some thinking he's absolutely responsible for the death of Gary's mate)."
DC Moore was inspired to write "The Empire" by two documentaries by Sean Langan about British soldiers in Afghanistan. The focus of the play is not on the politics of the war, but on average young men who find themselves in a tense situation in a war zone.
Premiere.
Directed by Mike Bradwell in the Jerwood Theatre Upstairs of the Royal Court Theatre in London, the production starred Josef Altin as Hafizullah, Joe Armstrong as Gary, Nav Sidhu as Zia, Rufus Wright as Captain Simon Mannock and Imran Khan as Jalander. After the play's run at the Royal Court Theatre from 31 March to 8 May, it transferred to the Drum Theatre in the Theatre Royal, Plymouth for two weeks from 13–29 May, followed by a short stint at the Theatre Local in the Elephant and Castle shopping centre from 2–5 June as part of the Royal Court Theatre's outreach programme.
The set, designed by Bob Bailey, was an abandoned building with rubble on the floor, dust in the air and bullet holes in the walls. The harsh sunlight outside was simulated by lighting designer Jason Taylor, and sound effects including helicopters and flies were created by Nick Manning. A number of critics credited the claustrophobic atmosphere with contributing to the tension of the play. Sarah Hemming of "The Financial Times" wrote: "In the confined Royal Court Upstairs, the audience can taste the dust off Bob Bailey’s set. A merciless sun streams in through the space where the door ought to be." Maxie Szalwinska of "The Sunday Times" observed, "So effective is Mike Bradwell’s production in conjuring the swooning heat of the Afghan desert, you may want to pack shades and a fly swatter."
Response.
The critical response was very favorable. Karen Bussell of "What's on Stage" described "The Empire" as "an intense fly-on-the-wall observation of a difficult 90 minutes in the life of a few people stuck in a room." Paul Taylor of "The Independent" called it "a brilliantly acute and witty examination of the conflicts of race, class, nationality, and fundamental values thrown up by a morally questionable occupation." Sam Marlowe of "Time Out" said it was a "brilliant depiction of twenty-first-century tribalism, at home and abroad."
Some critics pointed out weaknesses in otherwise positive reviews. Sarah Hemming praised the performances and the tension of the immediate situation, but felt the play became "a bit clumsy and heavy-handed" when addressing larger issues such as "power structures, occupation and the impact of recent conflicts on young British Muslims." Dominic Cavendish of "The Telegraph" likewise commended the acting and the atmosphere but found fault with the "Q&A structure" and thought that "the military class-rivalry feels a touch tendentious."
"The Empire" won the 2010 TMA Award for best touring production. It was nominated for a 2010 Olivier Award for Outstanding Achievement in Affiliated Theatre. DC Moore was nominated for the Evening Standard Award for Most Promising Playwright based on this play.
Radio play.
A radio play of "The Empire" aired on 29 October 2011 on BBC Radio 3's "The Wire" as part of a series on the theme Conviction, about the consequences of unwavering and uncompromising beliefs. Joe Armstrong, Josef Altin and Imran Khan reprised their roles from the stage production, joined by Ashley Kumar as Zia, James Norton as Captain Mannock and David Kirkbride as Phippy. The story was adapted for radio by DC Moore, including a new opening sequence with Phipps and the RPG attack that was not in the original play.

</doc>
<doc id="30996443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996443" title="Johann Condné">
Johann Condné

Johann Condné (9 January 1919 – 26 October 2001) was a highly decorated Hauptmann in the Wehrmacht during World War II and a Brigadegeneral in the Bundeswehr. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. Johann Condné was captured by British troops in May 1945 and was released in January 1946. Johann Condné joined the Bundeswehr in 1955 and retired in 1979 as a Brigadegeneral.

</doc>
<doc id="30996468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996468" title="List of songs recorded by Stateless">
List of songs recorded by Stateless

This is a comprehensive list of songs by English electronic alternative rock band Stateless that have been officially released. Since forming in 2003, the band have released two studio albums, and one extended play (EP). This list does not contain live versions or remixes released by the band.

</doc>
<doc id="30996481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996481" title="Angela Galuppo">
Angela Galuppo

Angela Galuppo is a Canadian film, television, voice actress, and singer/songwriter. She is best known as the frontlady of the Montreal-based band St. Ange, and for her recurring role as Bridget in the television series "Being Human" as well as providing the voice of Claudia Auditore da Firenze in the "Assassin's Creed" video games. 
Galuppo's other voice acting credits include "Winx Club" as Bloom and "The Mysteries of Alfred Hedgehog" as Milo Skunk. She has also appeared in a number of films including "Living With the Enemy" (2005), "I'm Not There" (2007), "Picture This" (2008), "The Trotsky" (2009), "The Smurfs 2" (2013) and the television series "The Dead Zone", "Naked Josh", "The Foundation", "The Business" and "Against the Wall".
Galuppo was an associate producer for the multi award-winning theater ensemble Gravy Bath Productions and the New Classical Theatre Festival from 2002–2006. She graduated from the John Abbott College's Professional Theatre Program and Concordia University's Jazz Studies, she was the recipient of the 2004 Pamela Montgomery Award and the 2007 Dr. Oscar Peterson Jazz Scholarship. 

</doc>
<doc id="30996500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996500" title="Jam Tour">
Jam Tour

The Jam Tour is a summer music concert tour in 2009 by American R&B singer Erykah Badu. The tour started in March, Badu played dates across North America twice and Europe, which ended in Dallas, Texas on October 16. During the U.S. second leg, Badu was featured as a special guest co-headliner on hip-hop artist Mos Def's Ecstatic Touron select September dates. Her fifth studio album, "New Amerykah Part Two (Return of the Ankh)" was released the following year on March 30, 2010.
Set list.
1 performed on select dates in Europe and the U.S.
Notes
Tour dates.
Note

</doc>
<doc id="30996507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996507" title="Pavão (footballer born 1974)">
Pavão (footballer born 1974)

Marcelo Pereira Moreira, commonly known as Pavão (born April 15, 1974), is a retired association footballer who played as a right back for several Brazilian Série A clubs.
Career.
Born in Recife, Pavão started his professional career playing with São Paulo in 1993, being promoted from the youth team. With São Paulo, he played 24 Série A games without scoring a goal between 1993 and 1995. He left São Paulo in 1995, joining Atlético Paranaense in 1996. After playing for Rio Branco-SP and Atlético Goianiense respectively in 1996 and in 1997, he left Brazil to play for Austrian club Austria Lustenau
from 1997 to 1999, and Tenerife of Spain from 1999 to 2000. Pavão returned to his country in 2001 to play for Mogi Mirim in 2001, leaving the club in 2002 to defend Treze and retiring in the same year when playing for Brasiliense.

</doc>
<doc id="30996508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996508" title="Richard Lovelace, 1st Baron Lovelace">
Richard Lovelace, 1st Baron Lovelace

Richard Lovelace, 1st Baron Lovelace (1564 – 22 April 1634) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1601 and 1622. He was raised to the peerage as Baron Lovelace in 1627.
Lovelace was born in Hurley in Berkshire, the son of Richard Lovelace and his wife, Anne, the daughter of Richard Warde of Hurst, also in Berkshire. He was educated at Merton College, Oxford.
Lovelace became a soldier and commanded a force under the Lord Lieutenant in Ireland, after which he was knighted by the Earl of Essex (Dublin, 1579). His association with the earl led to a brief period of imprisonment on charges of plotting against Queen Elizabeth I but he was released without charge. 
He was summoned as Member of Parliament for Berkshire in 1601. In 1604 he was elected MP for Abingdon. He was appointed High Sheriff of Berkshire in 1610. In 1614 he was elected MP for Windsor and in 1621 elected MP for Berkshire again. He was High Sheriff of Oxfordshire in 1626.
In 1627 he was created Baron Lovelace of Hurley by Charles I.
Lovelace died in Hurley in 1634. He had married twice: firstly, Katherine, daughter of Sir George Gyll and widow of William Hyde of Denchworth in Berkshire (now Oxfordshire) (no children) and, secondly, Margaret, daughter and co-heir of a rich merchant, William Dodworth, with whom he had four sons and five daughters. The eldest son was his heir John Lovelace, 2nd Baron Lovelace and a daughter Elizabeth married the regicide Henry Marten. His son Francis should not be confused with the person of the same name who became the second Governor of the New York colony but who was however the grandfather of the John Lovelace who was a later Governor.

</doc>
<doc id="30996520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996520" title="Davidson Day School">
Davidson Day School

Davidson Day School is an independent school located in Davidson, North Carolina.
History.
Davidson Day School, formerly Acclaim Academy, was originally located at 404 Armour Street in Davidson and rented space from the factory that occupied the building. In 2007, Davidson Day School relocated to its current location, 750 Jetton St.
The school has experienced surprisingly rapid growth during the difficult economy. With current enrollment at 513, the school hopes to eventually expand to 750 with organic growth.
Arts.
Every year, the Davidson Day theatre department hosts a winter and spring production.
Athletics.
Davidson Day School has moved from 1A to 2A given the growth in student body size. The girls varsity soccer team won the school's first team state championship in 2010-2011. After moving up to 2A for the 2011-2012 campaign, they again won the State Championship besting defending 2A Champions, Caldwell Academy, in overtime. The 2012-2013 campaign netted similar results as the girls soccer team won their third straight NC State Championship.
The men basketball team has been ranked in the top 25 in North Carolina and has placed over a dozen players into colleges in its short history. They were State runners up in the 2011-2012 season and placed four graduates from the class of 2012 on Division 1 college basketball teams.
The school fielded a varsity football team for the first time in 2011-2012 and won the NC Private Division III State Championship. The football team competed in the larger Division II in the fall of 2012. It received national attention after Davidson Day junior quarterback Will Grier threw for 837 yards and 10 touchdowns 35 of 42 passes in one game on November 9, 2012, in a 104-80 victory over Harrells Christian Academy. The yardage would have surpassed the high school record of 764 yards set by Palisades Charter High School David Koral in 2000 against Grant High School (Los Angeles). However officials at the National Federation of State High School Associations did not recognize the record because Davidson is part of the North Carolina Independence Schools Athletic Association and not the official state North Carolina High School Athletic Association and records have to be recognized by the state athletic organization.
Influence by Davidson College.
Davidson Day is less than a mile from Davidson College, and many of the current teachers are Davidson alums. Davidson Day, based on Davidson College, developed an honor code. The Honor code reads:
"I will not lie, cheat, steal or plagiarize, nor will I tolerate the dishonorable behavior of others."

</doc>
<doc id="30996529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996529" title="The People's Book Prize (UK)">
The People's Book Prize (UK)

The People's Book Prize is an annual UK literary award, first awarded in July 2010. There is no panel of judges. Titles are nominated by publishers, and are voted for by the public. 
The prize is administered by Tatiana Wilson, an independent publisher, for The People's Book Prize Limited. One of its roles is to recognize the work of first-time authors.
Patron.
Dame Beryl Bainbridge was the prize's founding patron. Following her death in July 2010, she was succeeded as patron by Frederick Forsyth.
At the launch of the prize at the 2010 London Book Fair, Bainbridge said: "Something like this, this idea – which is absolutely amazing – once it takes off, it will be of enormous importance to writers. I look forward to the time when we mention this particular prize as the greatest – and look back – and remember I was at the meeting at the London Book Fair and think where it has gone! So I wish it tremendously good luck."

</doc>
<doc id="30996531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996531" title="Edward Jilozian">
Edward Jilozian

Edward Jilozian (11 October 1982), is an American author and legal activist.
Biography.
An Armenian American author and activist from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Edward is the founder of the Armenian Law Society at Villanova University School of Law. Edward is a published author who most recently published The Veil of Isis in 2010. Edward is currently working on a legal thriller that is scheduled for release in the summer of 2017.

</doc>
<doc id="30996538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996538" title="Rice Fork">
Rice Fork

The Rice Fork is a tributary of the Eel River in Lake County, California. The Rice Fork begins on the upper northwest side of Goat Mountain, on the Colusa-Lake County line, at an elevation of over . It quickly descends the steep western slope of the mountain, then bends northward, and flows northwesterly down a narrow winding steep walled canyon for about , crossing two forest roads and adding many tributaries, ending its journey at the southern tip of Lake Pillsbury, at a varied elevation around , depending on the lake level. Before the construction of Scott Dam in the 1920s, which formed Lake Pillsbury, the Rice Fork ran directly into the Eel River. It is one of Lake County's longest streams.
The many tributaries to Rice Fork are Salt Creek, French Creek, Parramore Creek, Bevans Creek, Bear Creek, Packsaddle Creek, Willow Creek, Deer Creek, Rice Creek, and Soda Creek.
History.
In the 1860s, there was a very dry year in the Sacramento Valley. A man by the name of Rice and some neighbors brought horses and mules up to Rice Valley, and used it and adjoining territory for the fine pasture. Rice Valley was their headquarters. Rice was active in that area for only a few years, but Rice Valley, Rice Creek, and the Rice Fork took his name.
At one time, an Indian trail went from the hot springs down the Rice Fork canyon to the mouth of the river where it entered Gravelly Valley, then crossed the river at the upper end of the valley, then went up Squaw Valley Creek to the north of Big Squaw Valley and over the ridge to the Indian village at Bloody Rock. A portion of this trail is now under Lake Pillsbury.
Watershed.
Snow Mountain-West at dominates the landscape on the east side of the Rice Fork watershed. Its massive west ridge drops down to Lake Pillsbury and divides the Rice Fork from the Eel River watershed, and its southern ridge connects with Goat Mountain about southeasterly to separate Rice Fork from the South Fork Stony Creek (Sacramento River) waters.
To the west of Snow Mountain-West, the ridges of Pine Mountain, Horse Mountain, and Elk Mountain connect to form the western boundary of Rice Fork's watershed, while French Ridge joins with Little Horse Mountain and the west ridge of Goat Mountain to define the southern limit, with all the waters flowing into Lake Pillsbury, the Eel River and on to the Pacific Ocean.
The average slope of Rice Fork is , and between and elevation. The Rice Fork drains 33 percent of the total drainage area of Lake Pillsbury, and may contribute a like percentage of the amount of inflow. The Rice Fork arm contains 7 percent of the surface area and 6 percent of the total volume of the reservoir. Most of the sediment in Lake Pillsbury is deposited in the upper reaches of the Eel River and Rice Fork arms.
Hale Ridge Research Natural Area (RNA).
Rice Fork defines the southern boundary of the Hale Ridge Research Natural Area (RNA), and parallels the east side of Forest Road 17N04 (Twin Valley Road), as it flows along the western boundary of the RNA for about one mile. A designated critical habitat for the federally protected Northern Spotted Owl, and a winter range for Black-tailed Deer, the RNA was established by the U.S. Forest Service in 1987 to represent the Knobcone Pine Forest for the North Coast Ranges. Within the RNA, dense stands of Knobcone Pine and mixed conifer forest, dominated by Douglas-fir, also provides a dispersal habitat for a Forest Service-listed sensitive species, the Northern Goshawk.
The underlying rocks of the RNA are all greywacke sandstones and shales. The greywacke has a muddy, brownish-gray sandstone appearance, ranging from rather soft and crumbly in weathered outcrops to solid rocks and boulders in the stream bed of the Rice Fork.
Some recreationists use Crabtree Hot Springs which is adjacent to the northwestern boundary of the RNA. The Rice Fork is also lightly used for recreation, but entry into the RNA is minimal. There is an unknown increase in risk of wildfire due to human use at the hot springs.
Tributaries.
Salt Creek is one of the larger tributaries, and flows from Fir Root Spring. Beginning at about above sea level, on the west slope of Goat Mountain's northwest ridge, it travels southwesterly down a steep canyon for about , going over a falls and crossing a forest road, entering Rice Fork on the right at around , about upstream from the lake, and around a quarter mile upstream from Crabtree Hot Springs.
French Creek begins at about above sea level near the top of French Ridge, and flows north down a steep canyon for about , adding its tributary, entering Rice Fork on the left at around , about upstream from the lake, and about a mile downstream from Crabtree Hot Springs. Rock Creek (tributary to French Creek) begins at about on Elk Mountain and flows northeasterly for about down a steep canyon, entering French Creek on the left about upstream from its confluence with Rice Fork.
Soda Creek begins at about on Elk Mountain and flows east down a steep canyon, entering Rice Fork on the left a short distance upstream from Parramore Creek, as indicated on the USFS 2008 map.
Parramore Creek begins at about on Elk Mountain and flows east for about down a steep canyon, crossing a forest road at Three Crossings, entering Rice Fork on the left about upstream from the lake.
Bear Creek flows from a spring at about on the southwest side of Snow Mountain-West. It drops rapidly down a steep canyon and flows southwesterly for about , adding its tributary, passing underneath a concrete bridge and crossing a forest road, entering Rice Fork on the right about upstream from the lake. Blue Slides Creek (tributary to Bear Creek) begins at about , on the west slope of Goat Mountain's northwest ridge, and flows west for about down a steep canyon, finally paralleling the south side of Forest Road M-10 (county road 301-C), as it enters Bear Creek on the left just after the bridge.
Bevans Creek begins at about above sea level on Horse Mountain and flows northeasterly for about down a steep canyon, entering Rice Fork on the left about upstream from the lake.
Rice Creek begins at about on the west ridge of Snow Mountain-West. It swiftly descends the steep west slope of the mountain, flowing southwesterly for about down a steep canyon, crossing a forest road and passing through Rice Valley, entering Rice Fork on the right about upstream from the lake.
Deer Creek begins at about on the west ridge of Snow Mountain-West, and flows west for about down a steep canyon, crossing a forest road, entering Rice Fork on the right about upstream from the lake.
Willow Creek begins at about on Horse Mountain and flows northeasterly for about down a steep canyon, entering Rice Fork on the left about upstream from the lake.
Packsaddle Creek begins at about on Pine Mountain and flows northeasterly for about down a steep canyon, entering Rice Fork on the left near Swallow Rock, at the southern tip of the lake.

</doc>
<doc id="30996561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996561" title="National Association of Mutual Insurance Companies">
National Association of Mutual Insurance Companies

The National Association of Mutual Insurance Companies (NAMIC) is the only U.S. trade association representing mutual property/casualty insurance companies. Founded in 1895, NAMIC has been serving its U.S. and Canadian members in areas of advocacy and education.
NAMIC is the largest and most diverse property/casualty trade association in the country, with 1,400 regional and local mutual insurance member companies serving more than 135 million auto, home, and business policyholders and writing in excess of $196 billion in annual premiums. NAMIC member companies account for 50 percent of the automobile/homeowners market share and 31 percent of the business insurance market share. More than 200,000 people are employed by NAMIC member companies.
The association was incorporated in 1920 in Indianapolis, Indiana, where its national headquarters is still located. The association also has a Washington, D.C. office located on Capitol Hill. In addition to its advocacy work at the federal level of government, NAMIC also has a network of state managers to represent member companies in every statehouse in the country. NAMIC also provides services that assist member companies, state-based trade associations, and the industry at large through educational programs while increasing public awareness and understanding of the principles of insurance and the many contributions the property/casualty insurance industry makes to society.

</doc>
<doc id="30996563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996563" title="Boyd Batts">
Boyd Batts

Boyd Batts (born August 1, 1955) is an American retired professional basketball player.
Batts played center for Thornridge High School in Dolton, Illinois, where his Falcons lost only one game during his junior and senior seasons and won back-to-back state titles. The 1972 team was undefeated, with no team coming within 14 points of it, and is often cited as the greatest team in the history of Illinois high school basketball.
Playing with the National High School Player of the Year, Quinn Buckner, Batts dominated the 1971 and 1972 tournaments, scoring 141 points and grabbing 98 rebounds through the eight games. In the quarterfinal game in 1972, Batts scored 34 points on 15-of-20 shooting with 18 rebounds in a win over Collinsville. He then bettered that output with a 37 point (14-of-18) and 15-rebound performance in the championship game versus Quincy.
In 2007, the Illinois High School Association named Batts one of the 100 Legends of the IHSA Boys Basketball Tournament.
His older brother, Lloyd Batts, was a star player for the University of Cincinnati, becoming the school's third-leading all-time scorer behind Hall-of-Famers Oscar Robertson and Jack Twyman.
College and Pro.
Boyd Batts continued to play basketball beyond high school, attending Vincennes University in the 1972-73 school year. He then transferred for the 1973-74 school year to the University of Hawaii. Changing schools again, Batts had his greatest collegiate success at UNLV, where he played for legendary coach Jerry Tarkanian. As a junior and senior, Batts scored 514 points for the Runnin' Rebels, who won 53 of 60 games and qualified for back-to-back NCAA tournaments. A recent story in the Las Vegas Review-Journal ranked Batts as one of the 100 greatest UNLV players of all time.
After college, Batts was a seventh-round pick by the New York Knicks in the 1976 Draft. However, he only played professionally overseas.

</doc>
<doc id="30996576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996576" title="If There Is I Haven't Found It Yet">
If There Is I Haven't Found It Yet

If There Is I Haven't Found It Yet is the first full length professionally produced play by the British playwright Nick Payne. It was produced at the Bush Theatre in London in 2009 receiving very positive reviews and earned Payne a nomination for the Evening Standard Award for Most Promising Playwright in 2010 and he won the George Devine Award. A New York production played the Roundabout Theatre Companies Off-Broadway Laura Pels Theatre in the Fall of 2012 giving film actor Jake Gyllenhaal a New York stage debut. It was extended as well as returning for another couple weeks. Designer Beowulf Boritt pulled-out-all-the-stops and created an impressive submergable set suggesting a planet under siege. TimeOut New York called it "Stirring, Insightful & Brutally Honest." As a family in a tailspin stuck somewhere between knowing what the problems are and doing something about it - questions of what or who really needs saving were presented in this stirring work.
Plot.
Overweight and bullied Anna is neglected by her global warming obsessed father and misunderstood by her teacher mother. When her dozy but charismatic uncle turns up out the blue he is the only one that seems be able to get through to her, however as he becomes more and more obsessed with his ex-girlfriend and his own problems he doesn't notice Anna spiralling into depression and that he is the only one who could save her.
Premiere.
Directed by Josie Rourke in 2009 at the Bush Theatre it was a smash hit. Starring Rafe Spall, Ailish O'Connor, Pandora Collin and Michael Begley. It received positive reviews calling it "flawless" and a "comic tour de force".

</doc>
<doc id="30996581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996581" title="James Essex">
James Essex

James Essex (1722–1784) was an English builder and architect who worked in Cambridge, where he was born. He designed portions of many colleges of the University of Cambridge, and carried out major restorations of the cathedrals at Ely and Lincoln. He was an admirer of Gothic architecture, and assembled materials for a history of the style, though the book remained unpublished. 
Early life.
Essex was born in Cambridge in August 1722, the son of a builder of the same name who had fitted the sash windows and wainscot in the Senate House (1724-5), under James Gibbs, and had worked on the hall of Queens' College, Cambridge (1732-4). He had a grammar education at the school of King's College, Cambridge, and then studied under Sir James Burrough. When his father died in February 1749, Essex took over his business, and, in September 1749, built the Mathematical Bridge at Queens' College.
Cambridge colleges.
For the next 25 years he was occupied with work for Cambridge colleges. In 1751 he fitted up the "dome room" at the library for manuscripts; in 1754 he rebuilt the Magdalene Street Bridge; in 1757 he designed and built the Ramsden Building at St. Catharine's College in a design matching that of the late 17th century parts of the college; and in 1758 he repaired and altered Nevile's Court at Trinity College. In 1760 he designed and built the new west range at Queens' College, a white brick building described by Nikolaus Pevsner as "impeccable of its kind but somewhat dull". His plans to extend the new structure northwards, in place of the existing fifteenth century buildings, were never carried out. In 1764 he repaired and altered the hall at Emmanuel College; in 1766 he designed and built the stone bridge at Trinity College; in 1768 he completed the west end of the Senate House, left unfinished by Gibbs. In 1769 he ashlared the first court of Christ's College and completed the chapel at Clare College after the death of Burrough. In 1775, he rebuilt the former Great Hall of Trinity College as the new "Combination Room" with an ashlared Classical front towards the Great Court, and designed and built the west front of Emmanuel College. In 1776 he designed and set up the altarpiece at King's College, with the wainscot round the sacrarium, and altered the south side of the first court of St John's College; between 1778 and 1782 he made the bookcases for the library, and designed and built the chapel at Sidney Sussex College; and in 1784 he designed and built the old Cambridge Guildhall. 
Ecclesiastical work.
In his works at Cambridge (except for the altarpiece at King's College), Essex used the Italianate style which he had learnt from Burrough; but he was an admirer of the then despised Gothic style, and was a pioneer professional architect in imitations of medieval English architecture.
In 1757 he was consulted by the dean and chapter of Ely Cathedral. Over the next five years he restored the east front to the perpendicular, and repaired the roof of the eastern limb of the church, together with the woodwork of the lantern, which neglect had brought to a dangerous condition. Finally, he moved the choir from its original position to the east end of the presbytery (work not completed until 1770). The repairs executed between 1757 and 1762 were carried out conservatively, the old timber being, where possible, preserved; but Essex recommended the destruction of the west porch, as "neither ornamental nor useful".
In 1760 he built the doctors' gallery in Great St. Mary's Church (Burrough, architect), and the next year accepted a major commission at Lincoln Cathedral, where substantial repairs were needed. Besides these he constructed an arch under the west tower, repaved the entire church, repaired the choir screen, and designed an altarpiece and bishop's throne. Here, also, Essex tried to get the choir removed to the same position as at Ely, but without success. In 1775 he designed and put up the four spires and battlement of the central tower.
Essex also restored the tower of Winchester College Chapel, altered Madingley Hall, Cambridge, and built the steeple of the parish church at Debden, Essex. At Ampthill, Bedfordshire he built the cross to commemorate Queen Catherine of Aragon, erected in 1773 for the Earl of Ossory. The design followed a rough sketch by Horace Walpole.
Associations and reputation.
He was a close friend of Michael Tyson, Thomas Kerrich, Richard Gough, James Bentham, William Cole (whose house at Milton, Cambridge he built, and who made him his executor), Horace Walpole and other well-known antiquaries. For a few years he was Walpole's architect at his Gothick villa, Strawberry Hill, where he added the Beauclerk Tower in 1777.
He was elected Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries 23 January 1772, through Gough, and contributed papers to "Archæologia" on architectural history. In 1756 he issued proposals for engraving views, plans, and sections of King's College Chapel; the scheme of this work, with plates drawn by his own hand, was among the manuscripts which, after his death, passed to Thomas Kerrich, who bequeathed them to the British Museum. The same collection contained the manuscript and many of the illustrations for his unfinished history of Gothic ecclesiastical architecture.
In 1748, when Essex was 26, he became involved in a controversy with the Rev. R. Masters, fellow and historian of Corpus Christi College, over the authorship of a plan for adding a new court to the college. In December 1747 Masters had employed Essex to draw a plan, which he then had engraved and circulated as his own. Essex published proposals for engraving and printing by subscription his own design, and, in February 1749, published a pamphlet in which he criticised Masters's design and conduct.
Family.
Essex married Elizabeth Thurlbourne, the daughter of a Cambridge bookseller. They had two children: James, who died in infancy in 1757, and Millicent, who married, on 10 May 1785, the Rev. John Hammond, sometime fellow of Queens' College. She died in January 1787.
Death.
Essex died in Cambridge of a paralytic stroke on 14 September 1784, in his sixty-third year. He was buried in St. Botolph's churchyard, Cambridge, on the south side of the church, where a tomb commemorates him, his father, mother, wife, and children. He and his children are further commemorated by a tablet in the north aisle.
Published writings.
Essex acknowledged the following works:
Besides these, his description of the old chapel of Sidney Sussex College, and his "Journal of a Tour through part of Flanders and France in August 1773", were printed after his death.

</doc>
<doc id="30996598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996598" title="Andrew Pergiovanni">
Andrew Pergiovanni

Andrew Joseph Pergiovanni (born 29 January 1985) is an American composer currently pursuing graduate degrees at the Hartt School of Music in West Hartford, Connecticut. He has written in the "modern classical" and "popular" idioms. Some works of both styles are available on the iTunes music store.
While an undergraduate at Wesleyan University, he studied composition with Neely Bruce and Angel Gil-Ordoñez. His senior project was to compose and produce three original pieces in the pop style. After presenting the pieces in May 2007, he worked on them further to be able to release a small album titled after the first track, "Setting Sun". While pursuing music education at Central Connecticut State University, he studied composition with Charles Menoche and Brian Kershner. After deciding to pursue composition full-time, he was admitted to the Hartt School of Music at the University of Hartford. He has studied with Robert Carl, Tawnie Olson, Ken Steen and currently with David Macbride. His piece "Asylum Cafeteria" for string quartet was recently premiered at the Hartt School. 
On April 30, 2011, pianists Jonathan Moyer and Grace Smith premiered three pieces from Pergiovanni's suite "Aidan Draws Monsters" for solo piano, which was composed in direct aesthetic response to the drawings of Aidan Reed. The recordings from this concert are available for purchase on iTunes, and the album's sales will benefit Aidan Reed and family. YouTube videos of the event are available.
On November 9, 2011, soprano Amanda Kohl and a string quartet composed of Luciana Arraes, Rebekah Butler, Mary Scripko and Danielle Karppala premiered "Agnus Dei", the focal movement from Pergiovanni's Mass of Catharsis. The performance, which took place at the Renee Samuels Center in West Hartford, CT as part of the bi-annual Public Works Concert is available on YouTube, along with Pergiovanni's introductory remarks.
Besides composing, Pergiovanni is a cantor at Corpus Christi Church in Wethersfield, Connecticut. In his remarks before the premiere of the Mass of Catharsis, it was revealed that his experience singing for funeral services and witnessing the grief of those present inspired the emotionally loaded drive of the work.

</doc>
<doc id="30996608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30996608" title="Wizard World Chicago">
Wizard World Chicago

Wizard World Chicago, commonly known as the Chicago Comicon, is a comic book convention held during the summer in Rosemont, Illinois, United States, at the Donald E. Stephens Convention Center. It was traditionally a three-day event (Friday through Sunday) but in 2006 it expanded to four days (Thursday through Sunday). It was founded in 1972 as Nostalgia '72, Chicago Comic Con, and later as the Chicago Comic and Nostalgia Convention, by a local dealer (and school teacher) named Nancy Warner.
Acquired by Wizard Entertainment in 1997, Wizard World Chicago is among the larger comic book conventions in the United States, in third place for overall attendance at a single event. The Wizard World conventions attracted more than 70,000 attendees in 2005, making it the third largest pop-culture event series in the country, only behind New York Comic Con, and Comic-Con International in San Diego. Wizard hosts thirteen annual conventions, including in Chicago, Philadelphia, Anaheim, Austin, and New Orleans.
Originally showcasing comic books and related popular arts, the convention has expanded over the years to include a larger range of pop culture elements, such as professional wrestling, science fiction/fantasy, film/television, horror, animation, anime, manga, toys, collectible card games, video games, webcomics, and fantasy novels. From 1995–2006, it was also the home of the Wizard World Fan Awards.
History.
Chicago collectibles dealer Nancy Warner staged the area's first comic and collectibles convention on July 22–23, 1972, calling it Nostalgia '72, Chicago Comic Con. It attracted 2,000 attendees. She ran the show, which featured movie screenings as well as dealers from as far as Los Angeles, Atlanta, Buffalo, New York, and Oklahoma City, for three more years, but by 1975 the show was in decline, attracting only 1,000 attendees. Dealers from outside Chicago were generally avoiding the show because they couldn't sell enough to meet expenses.
At that point, Warner approached local comic book store owner Joe Sarno, and his associate Mike Gold, to produce the show. Their job was to overcome Chicago's reputation of being a sub-par convention city. Early in the process, George Hagenauer and comics retailer Larry Charet were brought in. Although Sarno wanted to name the show the Chicago Comic Art and Nostalgia Convention, he was voted down and the name Chicago Comicon was adopted.
The first Chicago Comicon was held in the Playboy Towers Hotel on August 6–8, 1976. Special guests were Marvel Comics figurehead Stan Lee, DC Comics president Jenette Kahn, seminal cartoonist/editor Harvey Kurtzman, artist Mike Grell, and illustrator Tim Conrad. The show featured a comic auction benefiting Chicago's Alternative Schools Network (later auctions benefited the Literacy Volunteers of Chicago). The first Chicago Comicon attracted 2,100 attendees.
In 1977, the Chicago Comicon moved back to the Pick-Congress Hotel, on 520 S. Michigan Avenue (the location of the 1973 show), where it remained until 1983. (The Pick-Congress was renamed the Americana-Congress Hotel in 1982.) The producers added Bob Weinberg to help coordinate the 1977 show. Attendance reached 3,000 at an admission charge of $3/day. The 1978 show was dubbed "Sweatcon" because of the extreme heat. The 1979 show was produced by Larry Charet and Bob Weinberg; it was the first year that Joe Sarno was not one of the show’s organizers. Admission was $3.50/day.
Show organizers hosted a "Chicago Minicon" on April 26–27, 1980, at the usual location of the Pick-Congress Hotel; guests included John Byrne, Max Allan Collins, Tim Conrad, Mike Grell, Paul Kupperberg, and Marv Wolfman. By 1980 the feature show admission was $4/day, and by 1982 it had gone up to $5/day. Will Eisner was the show's guest of honor for 1981 but was unable to attend due to an accident. He returned in 1982 as the guest of honor, which was the same year that the Chicago Comicon merged with Panopticon West, a Doctor Who convention. Again because of overwhelming heat it was dubbed "Sweatcon II."
The Comicon was expanding, and in 1983 the show moved to the larger venue, the Ramada O’Hare Hotel in Rosemont, Illinois, a northern suburb. That location would be the show’s home until 1993 when it relocated to the Rosemont Convention Center (now known as the Donald E. Stephens Convention Center), where it has remained ever since. During the mid-1980s, the show organizers hosted annual one-day "Minicons" every December.
The 1985 program booklet celebrated Marvel Comics' 25th anniversary, followed by the 1987 program celebrating Chicago-based First Comics' 5th anniversary, 1988's booklet marking Eclipse Comics' 10th anniversary, and the 1989 program noted Kitchen Sink Press' 20th anniversary. The 1988 show featured the inaugural presentation of the Harvey Awards. One-day admission for the 1988 comicon was $6. The 1989 show focused on Batman, due to the popularity of Tim Burton's "Batman" movie. It also featured a panel on underground comics that included Harvey Pekar, Jay Lynch, Skip Williamson, and S. Clay Wilson. One-day tickets for the 1989 show were $7.
The 1992 Chicago Comicon celebrated the "spirits of independence", e.g. the hot-selling group of creators behind Image Comics. Rob Liefeld held a 24-hour autograph session from Friday morning to Saturday morning. The 1992 show featured 200 dealers, and attendees were charged $10 per person or $25 for a three-day pass.
The 1994 show featured fifty publishers and 300 dealers; it also hosted the Comics Arts Conference.
By 1995, the comics industry was in a slump, and attendance at the show was decreasing. By then, the convention ownership included Charet, while the main show organizer was Moondog Comics owner Gary Colabuono. The 1995 Comicon featured a Stan Lee roast, and again hosted the Comics Arts Conference.
In 1996, the Chicago Comicon became the new home of the Wizard World Fan Awards, which were presented at the show every year until their discontinuation in 2006.
Wizard Entertainment bought the Chicago Comicon from Charet and his partners in 1997. By the 1997 show, attendance was topping out at 5,000; Wizard's first order of business was to fire the previous organizers.
With the 1998 show, now renamed Wizard World Chicago, attendance jumped to 25,000, at a charge of $20 per day or $40 for three days. The 1999 show featured 750 exhibitors.
The 2001 show featured exhibitors like DC, Marvel, Hasbro, and Bandai, and charged attendees $20/day or $40 for the weekend.
By 2006, Wizard World Chicago had expanded to four days and boasted a weekend attendance of over 58,000 people. The 2009 show attracted 70,000 attendees, but neither DC Comics nor Marvel Comics had an official presence at the show.
Disgraced former Illinois governor Rod Blagojevich made an appearance at the 2010 Wizard World Chicago, conversing with and taking pictures with attendants. He charged $50 for an autograph and $80 for a photo. He also had a humorous televised meeting with Adam West; Blagojevich remarked that he considered The Joker to be the best Batman foil. Comic fandom website bleedingcool.com reported that Blagojevich met with a mostly positive reception, while "Time Out Chicago" described it as mixed.
The 2011 show charged $35 for a one-day pass and $60 for a four-day pass at the door.
Events.
Along with panels, seminars, and workshops with comic book professionals, there are previews of upcoming feature films, portfolio review sessions with top comic book and video game companies, and such evening events as awards ceremonies and a costume contest. Traditional events include gaming and hours of other programming on all aspects of comic books and pop culture.
Like most comic-book conventions, Wizard World Chicago features a large floorspace for exhibitors. These include media companies such as movie studios and TV networks, as well as comic-book dealers and collectibles merchants. Like most comics conventions, the Chicago convention includes an autograph area, as well as the Artists' Alley where comics artists can sign autographs and sell or do free sketches. Despite the name, artists' alley can include writers and even models.
Criticism and competition.
By 2009, criticism of Wizard World Chicago had been mounting for a while, particularly from those who resented the show's declining emphasis on the traditional comics market and more on things like professional wrestlers and old TV shows. In addition, local dealers resented the show's location outside of Chicago's city limits and its high exhibition prices. The 2009 show, for the first time, had no representation from major publishers like DC and Marvel. According to Deanna Isaacs of "Chicago Reader", this was those published opted instead to appear at the competitor convention Reed Exhibition's Chicago Comic & Entertainment Expo (C2E2), which challenged Wizard World Chicago's position as Chicago's only major comic convention in 2010. C2E2 has been held every year since.

</doc>
