<doc id="30917774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30917774" title="E.J.R. David">
E.J.R. David

E. J. R. David (born 1980) is a professor, author, and Filipino American community activist. He is a psychological scientist who has published in scientific journals regarding topics in Filipino American psychology and mental health. He has been a featured speaker on The Filipino Channel and other community on-line and print publications, as well as on several television and radio programs. He is the author of "Filipino -/ American Postcolonial Psychology: Oppression, Colonial Mentality, and Decolonization".
Early life.
Dr. David was born and raised in the slums of Pasay City in the Philippines and moved to Alaska to live with his father when he was a teenager. Dr. David played competitive high school basketball for the Barrow High School Whalers, where he was an All-State player for two years.
Education and professional career.
Dr. David received his bachelor's degree in psychology from the University of Alaska Anchorage. He received his Master's and PhD in Clinical-Community Psychology from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. His research focuses on the psychological effects of internalized oppression and colonial mentality as experienced by various ethnic and cultural groups, with a primary focus on Filipinos and Filipino Americans. His research on internalized oppression and colonial mentality led the American Psychological Association Division 45 to give him the Distinguished Student Research Award "for his significant contribution in psychological research related to ethnic minority populations". Most recently, due to the impact of his work in only five years since obtaining his Ph.D., Dr. David was honored by the American Psychological Association (APA) Minority Fellowship Program (MFP) in 2012 with the Early Career Award in Research for Distinguished Contributions to the Field of Racial and Ethnic Minority Psychology, citing his "outstanding scientific contributions and the application of this knowledge toward the improved mental and physical well-being of people of color." 
Dr. David's book "Filipino American Postcolonial Psychology: Oppression, Colonial Mentality, and Decolonization", which was based on his award-winning research program, was published in early 2011. The revised version of this book will be released in 2013 with the title "Brown Skin, White Minds: The Revised Version of Filipino -/ American Postcolonial Psychology (with commentaries)." 
"Filipino -/ American Postcolonial Psychology".
Dr. David's book, "Filipino -/ American Postcolonial Psychology: Oppression, Colonial Mentality, and Decolonization" has been described by psychology experts and Filipino community leaders as a groundbreaking and important contribution to the field of ethnic minority psychology that has the potential to make a significant impact in the Filipino and Filipino American community. For instance, another notable Filipino American psychology scholar – Dr. Kevin Nadal – stated that Dr. David's work "is an essential and innovative contribution to the literature…to have a comprehensive text concentrating on the impact of colonial mentality on Filipinos and Filipino Americans is invaluable. Dr. David should really be commended for being one of the most prominent and leading researchers in ethnic minority mental health and the primary psychological scholar on colonial mentality”. Dr. David's book has also been cited as something that may likely change the manner in which Filipinos and Filipino Americans see themselves and their experiences. Because of the critical acceptance and wide community support for the book, it is being revised as "Brown Skin, White Minds: The Revised Version of Filipino -/ American Postcolonial Psychology (with commentaries)." 

</doc>
<doc id="30917777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30917777" title="Michel Pageaud">
Michel Pageaud

Michel Pageaud (born 30 August 1966 in Luçon, Vendée) is a French former football goalkeeper, who played for Angers SCO, Valenciennes and Scottish club Dundee.
Pageaud played for Dundee in the 1995 Scottish League Cup Final defeat by Aberdeen. He returned to France at the end of the 1995–96 season under the Bosman ruling.

</doc>
<doc id="30917779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30917779" title="Carl Peter Stoltenberg">
Carl Peter Stoltenberg

Carl Peter Stoltenberg (1770, Våle – 1830) was a Norwegian merchant, ship owner and politician. He represented the city Tønsberg at the Norwegian Constituent Assembly at Eidsvoll in 1814, and later a member of the Parliament of Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="30917796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30917796" title="Vesper Country Club">
Vesper Country Club

The Vesper Country Club, founded in 1899, is located on the Merrimack River in Tyngsborough, Massachusetts. According to the USGA, and "Golf Magazine", its golf course is one of the first in the United States, and was home to the first Massachusetts Open in 1905, won by golfer and course designer Donald Ross.
History.
The Vesper Country Club is the merger of the Vesper Boat Club, founded in 1875, and the Lowell Country Club, founded in 1892.
In the 1880s, Wickasee Island (former home of Chief Wannalancit who left in 1686), now known as Tyngs Island in the Merrimack River, was a favorite recreation spot for the area. People would gather for outings and picnics, as well as an amusement park was built, but in 1887 a fire destroyed most of the buildings. A few years later, in 1893, the Lowell Country Club purchased Tyngs Island in the Merrimack River for $7,123.00, and built the original club house. The following year, 1894, a 1/3 mile oval bicycle track was installed, circling two baseball fields, and that is when the two clubs, the Vesper Boat Club, and the Lowell Country Club voted to merge.
In 1895, the island was developed with six links golf course as the game of golf became popular. Just two years later, golf became the club's main attraction, as the course expanded to 9 holes.
The two clubs officially became the Vesper Country Club in 1899.
In 1903, Vesper became a charter member of the Massachusetts Golf Association, and in 1905 as the new clubhouse was complete, the first Massachusetts Open was held at Vesper, won by Donald Ross.
In 1908, the 550 ft long, steel cable, suspension foot bridge was installed.
In 1914 Ross returned as a course designer, and the golf course was expanded to have 18 holes, with the other 9 being on the mainland.
In 1923, the Clubhouse burned to the ground, but was rebuilt by the next year.
The destroyed most of Vesper, as the Merrimack river overflowed its banks, but the club rebuilt, despite losing 50% of its membership.
In the late 1990s into the early 2000s, Vesper underwent another major renovation of its golf course.
In 2008, the membership voted to completely rebuild all 18 greens to USGA specifications and to restore the bunkers on the course. The rebuilding of the greens and the restoration of the bunkers was overseen by architect Brian Silva, Golf Course Superintendent Chris Morris and Assistant Golf Course Superintendents Chris Hans and Christopher Orlich. The restoration attempted to be faithful to the original design and plans of Donald Ross. This rebuilding project was completed at the end of 2009.
In the March 10, 2011 issue of Golf Week magazine, Vesper's golf course was ranked as one of the top 100 classic golf courses in the U.S.
The course record for Vesper is 62 shot by a professional. (Score Card Is In Paul Boland`s Desk)

</doc>
<doc id="30917818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30917818" title="Lovozerskaya Volost">
Lovozerskaya Volost

Lovozerskaya Volost () or Loparskaya Volost () was an administrative division (a volost) of Alexandrovsky Uyezd of Arkhangelsk Governorate and later of Murmansk Governorate of the Russian SFSR.
On January 8, 1918, the community assembly of Voronezhskoye (Voronyinskoye) Rural Community decided to establish a separate Lovozerskaya Volost out of four "pogosts" of Kolsko-Loparskaya Volost. The request was considered by the Alexandrovsk "zemstvo" on March 29, 1919, but no final decision had been made and the matter was postponed pending the review of the reasons substantiating the request. The new volost was not established until the restoration of the Soviet power on the Kola Peninsula in 1920. On March 2, 1920, Murmansk Soviet of the Commissars issued Resolution No. 4 which established Loparskaya Volost (instead of Lovozerskaya Volost), the population of which was predominantly Sami.
The volost (as Lovozerskaya) became a part of Murmansk Governorate at the time of its establishment in 1921, and was abolished on August 1, 1927 along with the rest of the volosts of Murmansk Governorate when the latter was transformed into Murmansk Okrug, redistricted, and transferred to the newly created Leningrad Oblast.

</doc>
<doc id="30917822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30917822" title="Monroe County Courthouse (Iowa)">
Monroe County Courthouse (Iowa)

The Monroe County Courthouse in Albia, Iowa, United States was built in 1903. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the third building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
History.
The county’s first courthouse was built in 1846. It featured a half-story sized room above the courtroom for jury deliberations. It was torn down in 1860 and replaced by a medieval style building in the town park. The cornerstone for the present courthouse was laid on August 29, 1902. It is constructed of heavy stone in the Romanesque Revival style for around $100,000.

</doc>
<doc id="30917847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30917847" title="Manitou River (Minnesota)">
Manitou River (Minnesota)

The Manitou River is a river in northern Minnesota, which drains into Lake Superior along its north shore about three miles northeast of Little Marais. It flows southeast through the Superior National Forest, Finland State Forest, and George H. Crosby Manitou State Park in Lake County.
The Caribou River watershed is adjacent to the east, while to the west is the Baptism River. The Isabella River, which is a part of the Hudson Bay watershed, is to the north across the Laurentian Divide.
The Superior Hiking Trail crosses the Manitou River within George H. Crosby Manitou State Park.
The Manitou River contains rainbow trout and brook trout.

</doc>
<doc id="30917880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30917880" title="Bring It (song)">
Bring It (song)

"Bring It" is a single by Barbadian British singer-songwriter Jodie Connor, which features vocals by Tinchy Stryder. It was released by digital download on 20 February 2011 on Polydor Records straight after its first radio play, which could be a factor to how it didn't match the success of Now Or Never. It will be released from her yet untitled debut album.
Background.
"Bring It" was produced by Takeover Entertainment producer David Dawood, producer of Connor's first single, "Now or Never", and the number one hit with Roll Deep, "Good Times" (2010). When writing "Bring It", Connor did not have anything in mind. She stated that the song was not really personal to her but thought that the music was uplifting and needed powerful lyrics to go with it.
"Bring It" features Connor collaborating with Tinchy Stryder. Connor had previously made a cameo appearance in the music video for Stryder's 2010 single, "In My System", which was a top ten hit in the United Kingdom. Connor stated that the collaboration originated from the two being label-mates and good friends.
Music video.
The music video was directed by Luke Biggins and Yasha Malekzad.
The video was filmed in the United Kingdom and is Connor's third appearance in a music video that features Tinchy Stryder after she made a cameo appearance in Stryder's 2010 promotional single for "Third Strike", Gangsta?.
Jodie Connor uploaded a teaser for the music video on Monday, February 21, 2011, and then the full official music video was uploaded to Connors's official YouTube channel on Wednesday, Feb 23, 2011, at a total length of three minutes and twenty-four seconds.
Synopsis.
The video starts by Tinchy Stryder introducing Jodie Connor by name, then Connor proceeds with singing the song in a dark alley wearing just her bra and tights, while being photographed by paparazzi's and then short clips of her is shown moving fast past highways, which is shown throughout the video, before the scene changes into a nightclub setting. In the nightclub scene she begins walking through two fences each to her side with people and paparazzi's taken photos of her on the otherside of the two fences, she then arrives at the dance floor and begins to dance. Tinchy Stryder makes his introduction by proceeding with rhymes over dance-poppy synths with R&B and Europop influences before joining Connor in with the dancing.
Critical reception.
Lewis Corner of Digital Spy Blog gave the song a positive review stating:
Few former talent show contestants prove the phone-voting public wrong post-elimination (Rosie Ribbons and Eoghan Quigg anyone?), so you can imagine our surprise after we discovered one had managed to sneak into the charts some years later. Cue ex-Pop Idol contestant Jodie Connor - the ghetto-fab Mancunian who, after featuring on Tinchy Stryder's 'In My System' last year, is faithfully repaying the favour on her latest effort.
"Don't let them bring you down," she declares over a beefy club beat and squiggly synths which wouldn't sound out of place blaring from a boy racer's pimped out Toyota Corolla - complete with tinted windows and furry steering wheel cover, of course. As such, the result lacks the va-va-voom of a real motor - say, a Ferrari Enzo - but much like our safe and reliable VW Golf, it still manages to get the job done. 
Charts.
The song debuted at 87 on the UK Singles Chart before dropping out the following week. On the 27 March 2011, the song re-entered at number 98 and rocketed to number 48 the following week. The song then leaped 11 positions to 37, Marking her second top 40 hit.

</doc>
<doc id="30917889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30917889" title="Novozerskaya Volost">
Novozerskaya Volost

Novozerskaya Volost () was an administrative division (a volost) of Alexandrovsky (Murmansky) Uyezd of Arkhangelsk Governorate and then of Murmansk Governorate of the Russian SFSR.
The volost was established on April 7, 1921 on the portion of the territory of Pechengskaya Volost which remained after the western part of that volost was ceded to Finland by the Treaty of Tartu. The administrative center of the volost was the colony of Ozerko.
By the April 20, 1921 Decision of the Plenary Session of Murmansky Uyezd Executive Committee, the localities of Ara, Ura, and Port-Vladimir were transferred from Novozerskaya to Alexandrovskaya Volost.
The volost became a part of Murmansk Governorate at the time of its establishment in June 1921 and was abolished on August 1, 1927 along with the rest of the volosts of Murmansk Governorate when the latter was transformed into Murmansk Okrug, redistricted, and transferred to the newly created Leningrad Oblast.

</doc>
<doc id="30917905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30917905" title="Lars Uno Thulin">
Lars Uno Thulin

Lars Uno Thulin (1939 – 2002) was a Norwegian engineer, civil servant and politician for the Labour Party.
He was born in Uddevalla, Sweden, but grew up in Fredrikstad. He studied at the Norwegian Institute of Technology where he took a siv.ing. degree. He later took a doctorate in thermodynamics.
From 1975 to 1976 he was a part of Bratteli's Second Cabinet as a State Secretary in the Ministry of Church and Education. From 1976 to 1977 in Nordli's Cabinet he was a State Secretary in the Ministry of Industry. From 1977 to 1989 he worked in the bank Den norske Creditbank, from 1981 to 1989 as vice chief executive. He served as the permanent under-secretary of state in the Norwegian Ministry of Trade, the highest-ranking bureaucratic position, from 1989 to 1992. He abruptly left to become the chief executive officer of Statkraft, where he stayed until 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="30917957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30917957" title="Petnica Science Center">
Petnica Science Center

Petnica Science Center () (PSC) (Serbian, Cyrillic: "Истраживачка станица Петница"; Serbian, Latin: "Istraživačka stanica Petnica") is an independent and nonprofit organization for extracurricular, formal and informal, science education located near Valjevo, Serbia. PSC has organized more than 2,500 programs (seminars, workshops, research camps, conferences, etc.) since its opening, for nearly 50,000 students and science teachers in 15 disciplines of science, technology and humanities, with more than 7,000 lecturers.
History.
Petnica Science Center was founded in 1982 as a Yugoslavian scientific center for elementary and high school high-achieving students, for extracurricular activities, supervised by university professors, researchers from various Yugoslav and (mostly) Serbian Institutes, and research assistants and graduate and postgraduate students. PSC states, on its website, to be "the biggest and, probably, the oldest (such center) in South Eastern Europe".
Majority of PSC programs are designed for secondary-school students, although there are a lot of programs for primary-school pupils.
There are special seminars and activities for university students and science teachers.
PSC nourishes international character and attendants of regular Petnica programs come not only from all countries of former Yugoslavia, but also from other (mostly Balkans and European) countries. Most of the courses are being realized in Serbian language, with which are former Yugoslavians familiarized. International camps and conferences are held in English and, in lesser part, in Russian.
In 2010. reconstruction of Petnica's facilities begun. The following
works were carried out:
- The accommodation facility - construction of new building on the existing foundation and basement.
- Laboratory - construction of new objects on the site of the old laboratory, which was colapsed
- Teaching Center - reconstruction
- Restaurant with gallery - building the new facility and its relation
with existing object that is converted into a gallery
- Library - reconstruction
- Landscape planning - planning of the entire complex with many facilities 
Petnica International.
Petnica International (PI) is one of the PSC programs held in English. PI is being organized once a year, for international participants. Students 17 to 21 years old plan and realize real-life scientific projects in one of 15 disciplines (Mathematics, Physics, Astronomy, Electronics, Computer Science and Robotics, Biology, Molecular Biomedicine, Chemistry, Geology, Geography, Archeology, History, Linguistics, Sociology, and Psychology). PI takes place in July and August every year and lasts for 15 days.
Professor Ivan Aničin of Faculty of Physics, University of Belgradeand Institute of Physics Belgrade [http://www.ipb.ac.rs is President of Scientific Committee of Youth International Scientific Conference, "A Step into Science", organized by Petnica Science Center,
Petnica Science Centre is located in the village Petnica, near Valjevo (Western Serbia). It has fully equipped boarding facilities with 100-bed dormitories and a restaurant, and possesses numerous laboratories, classrooms, big and multi-functional library with a carefully designed Teaching Resource Center.
Students and teachers, participants at some of PSC’s programs, have access to rich library with over 40,000 books and journals, and computer database with thousands of electronic journals and books, and Teacher Resource Center with specific training capacities.
PSC has 35 computers dispersed through PSC’s facilities, which are accessible 24-hours a day, and laboratories and professional workshops of different types and functions. PSC is member of National research and education network - National Academic Internet Network (AMRES), and is connected, by optical cables, to its 10 Gbit/s grid and internet. PSC owns various types of teaching and research-grade equipment. It is used for students’ individual projects and research activities.

</doc>
<doc id="30917977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30917977" title="Gare d'Estrées-Saint-Denis">
Gare d'Estrées-Saint-Denis

The Gare d’Estrées-Saint-Denis (Estrées-Saint-Denis station) is a railway station in the commune of Estrées-Saint-Denis, Oise department, France. The station is served by TER Picardie trains (Amiens - Compiègne line).
History.
Estrées-Saint-Denis was previously a local railway centre, with connections to Clermont-de-l'Oise and to Ormoy-Villers. In 1899, there were 26 passenger trains a day in 5 directions: Compiègne, Verberie, Saint-Just-en-Chaussée, Amiens and Clermont. The station had 80,000 passengers and 90,000 tonnes of goods traffic annually.
The station was also the point of departure for the metre gauge secondary line operated by the Estrées-Saint-Denis - Froissy - Crèvecœur-le-Grand railway company, which linked the three towns via Saint-Just-en-Chaussée. Passenger traffic from Estrées-Saint-Denis on this line ended in 1948.
The station was completely renovated in summer 2008 to simplify the layout of the tracks and to make it accessible to the handicapped. 

</doc>
<doc id="30918014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30918014" title="Petter Johnsen Ertzgaard">
Petter Johnsen Ertzgaard

Petter Johnsen Ertzgaard (1784 – 1848) was a Norwegian farmer and military officer. He represented "Trondhjems dragonkorps" at the Norwegian Constituent Assembly at Eidsvoll in 1814, and was later also a member of the Parliament of Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="30918048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30918048" title="Navalised aircraft">
Navalised aircraft

A navalised aircraft (or navalized aircraft) is an aircraft that has been specifically designed for naval use, in some cases as a variant of a land-based design.
Characteristics.
A navalised aircraft typically differs from its land-based equivalent by:
For safety reasons the aviation fuel provided by ships may be a different fuel (e.g. AVCAT) from the fuel provided by airfields and tanker aircraft.
Examples.
The T-45 Goshawk is a navalised version of the BAE Hawk jet trainer. Differences from the Hawk include changes to the undercarriage for aircraft carrier compatibility and a strengthened airframe. The engine design was also modified for the aircraft's at-sea role. A proposed navalised version of the Alpha Jet would have had similar design modifications.
Other examples of navalised variants of land-based aircraft include:

</doc>
<doc id="30918066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30918066" title="Dušan Vrťo">
Dušan Vrťo

Dušan Vrťo (born 29 October 1965 in Banská Štiavnica) is a Slovakian former footballer, who played for Baník Ostrava, Dukla Banská Bystrica, Dundee and Slovakia.

</doc>
<doc id="30918068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30918068" title="Operation Power Outage">
Operation Power Outage

Operation Power Outage was a law enforcement sting operation targeted at arresting and indicting members of the Armenian American criminal group Armenian Power operating in the United States. The group is accused of racketeering offenses, bank fraud schemes, kidnappings, and drug trafficking.
Apprehension.
On February 16, 2011, in an operation conducted by the Eurasian Organized Crime Task Force which includes the 
U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation, the U.S. Secret Service, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, 
the Office of Inspector General for U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, the IRS Criminal Investigation Division, the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department, the Burbank Police Department, the Glendale Police Department and the Los Angeles Police Department, law enforcement apprehended 74 members and associates of the Armenian Power transnational criminal organization. 
The suspects were arrested in about 90 locations throughout Southern California. About 1,000 law enforcement agents took part in the operation. The lead Eurasian Organized Crime Task Force was assisted by the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration, the U.S. Marshals Service, the California Department of Motor Vehicles and the Bureau of Investigation of the Los Angeles County District Attorney's Office. It took approximately two years of investigations including usage of undercover agents to carry out the February 2011 arrests. Dubbed "Power Outage" the operation is recognized as the biggest one against Armenian Power syndicate to date.
A total of 113 defendants from four U.S. cities of Los Angeles, Santa Ana, Denver and Miami have been charged with racketeering, assault, robbery, bank fraud, kidnappings, firearms and drug trafficking, health care fraud, identity theft and credit card fraud. According to U.S. Assistant Attorney General Lanny A. Breuer, "the crimes alleged in these indictments were calculated, wide-ranging, and sophisticated" and ties of Armenian Power group transcend prisons and international borders. It is alleged that more than 400 crimes have been conducted by the group. One of the cases of kidnapping and racketeering involved kidnapping of a businessman and extorting $500,000. The arrests of Armenian Power members follow the biggest Medicaid fraud in U.S. history committed by Armenian Americans. Arrests took place in a similar crackdown in October 2010.
Charges.
Two federal indictments have been put forth in relation to the arrests. The first indictment charges 29 defendants with RICO conspiracy in violation of Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act of 1970, alleging the indicted criminals have conducted white-collar crimes including identity theft, credit card skimming and production and use of counterfeit checks. The 134-count indictment includes a specific case of bank fraud and counterfeit credit card scheme which victimized hundreds of customers of 99 Cents Only Stores in Southern California, eventually stealing more than $2 million by acquiring customer account information data at cash registers using secretly installed skimming devices and creating counterfeit debit and credit cards. Additionally, the indictment includes charges against Armenian Power members for kidnapping, extortion, bank fraud, aggravated identity theft, credit card fraud, marijuana distribution, and carrying out illegal gambling activities. FBI stated that the arrested criminals, if convicted, might face different sentences from 10 to 20 years in prison.
The second indictment from grand jury of Orange County charges 20 defendants, two of whom were also a subject of the first indictment, with bank fraud scheme which targeted elderly victims. Investigations revealed that the members of Armenian Power were cooperating with members of African-American street gangs and bribed some bank employees to obtain information which allowed them to take over bank accounts consequently causing losses amounting to a grand total of $10 million. Additionally, Los Angeles County District Attorney charged 11 defendants in seven cases filed in superior court. Federal authorities also charged 13 members in Miami and one in Denver. The Denver PD has arrested Nadezda Nikitina, 24 of Denver, Colorado, for her role in the Armenian Power-led fraud. A Russian immigrant, Nikitina is charged 10 counts of bank fraud, wire fraud and with conspiring with others to make false statements on credit and consumer, home equity loan applications.
Some examples of racketeering and extortion include kidnapping a victim, threatening him with violence in an auto body shop belonging to one of Armenian Power members as well as targeting another victim with an extortion scheme for repeated payments lasting several months by threats to the victim himself and his family. The defendants were allegedly also in possession of marijuana and firearms. Financial crimes part of the indictments alleges that the members of Armenian Power also engaged in a large scale fraudulent check scheme where they obtained customer information for high value accounts, impersonated the customers of banks to order checks and then cashed and deposited checks thus emptying accounts of actual customers. In addition to ordering checks, members of the group allegedly went to the residences of victims and stole blank checks. A grand total of damages caused by members of Armenian Power is $20 million.
Armenian Power (also known as AP-13) which originated 20 years ago in East Hollywood and has over 200 members, has developed from a street gang into an international criminal organization. The leadership of the organization is closely linked to Thieves in Law in Armenia and Russia. According to U.S. Attorney André Birotte Jr., Armenian Power is "willing to do anything and everything illegal to make a profit". Members of the Armenian gang have colorful names such as "Capone," "Thick Neck," "Stomper" and "Casper".

</doc>
<doc id="30918070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30918070" title="Marion County Courthouse (Iowa)">
Marion County Courthouse (Iowa)

The Marion County Courthouse in Knoxville, Iowa, United States was built in 1896. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the third building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
History.
Marion County was organized in 1845 and its first courthouse was built a year later. It also served the community as a school and a church. The county sold the building for $928. The second courthouse was built for around $20,000. It was a two-story brick structure that measured . It was used for 40 years until it was declared unsafe to use. The present courthouse was completed in 1896 in the Romanesque Revival style. The three-story building was constructed in stone at a cost of $80,000.

</doc>
<doc id="30918076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30918076" title="List of Yoshi video games">
List of Yoshi video games

The "Yoshi" video game series is a franchise of platform games and puzzle games that is a spin-off of the "Mario" series published and produced by Nintendo. The games have been developed by a variety of developers including Nintendo, Game Freak, Intelligent Systems, and Artoon. "Yoshi" games have been released for Nintendo video game consoles and handhelds dating from the Nintendo Entertainment System to the current generation of video game consoles. Some of the original Nintendo Entertainment System and Super Nintendo Entertainment System games have been ported to Game Boy Advance or the Virtual Console (both, in the case of "Super Mario World").
The series revolves around Yoshi, a green dinosaur-like character. He was first introduced in the 1990 Super Nintendo Entertainment System game, "Super Mario World", where Mario and Luigi ride on him. The antagonists of the series are Bowser, the king of Koopas, and Kamek, a Magikoopa who was Bowser's caretaker as a child. The first Yoshi game was the 1991 Nintendo Entertainment System puzzle game, "Yoshi", which was developed by GameFreak. The first game in what is considered the main series, as well as the first to feature Yoshi in a playable main-character role, is the 1995 game, "", which introduces the universe staples which are used in many following games. These staples include colorful storybook graphics, and several gameplay elements. One of the games early in the series, "Yoshi's Safari", differs heavily from the rest, as it is a Light gun shooter game. The latest game in the series is the 2014 Nintendo 3DS game "Yoshi's New Island".

</doc>
<doc id="30918090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30918090" title="Teriberskaya Volost">
Teriberskaya Volost

Teriberskaya Volost () was an administrative division (a volost) of Alexandrovsky Uyezd of Arkhangelsk Governorate, Russian Empire (and later of the Russian SFSR), and then of Murmansk Governorate of the Russian SFSR.
It was established on , 1912, from a part of Kolsko-Loparskaya Volost.
On April 22, 1920, the Soviet of the town of Alexandrovsk proposed to incorporate several colonies of Teriberskaya Volost into new Alexandrovskaya Volost. The proposal was formally approved by Murmansky Uyezd Executive Committee on June 1, 1920.
The volost became a part of Murmansk Governorate at the time of its establishment in 1921, and was abolished on August 1, 1927 along with the rest of the volosts of Murmansk Governorate when the latter was transformed into Murmansk Okrug, redistricted, and transferred to the newly created Leningrad Oblast.

</doc>
<doc id="30918101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30918101" title="1997 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 4 × 400 metres relay">
1997 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 4 × 400 metres relay

These are the results of the Men's 4 x 400 metres relay event at the 1997 World Championships in Athletics in Athens, Greece. The gold was originally won by the US team but they were retrospectively disqualified in 2009 after Antonio Pettigrew admitted to drug use.
Results.
Heats.
Qualification: First 2 of each heat (Q) plus the 2 fastest times (q) advance to the final.

</doc>
<doc id="30918103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30918103" title="Eray Birniçan">
Eray Birniçan

Eray Birniçan (born 20 July 1988) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Çaykur Rizespor in the Turkish Süper Lig. He is also a former youth international.

</doc>
<doc id="30918138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30918138" title="Azuero spider monkey">
Azuero spider monkey

The Azuero spider monkey ("Ateles geoffroyi azuerensis") is a possible subspecies of spider monkey that is in critical danger of extinction according to the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species. Common names of this subspecies include "mono charro", "mono charao" and "mono araña". The Azuero subspecies is one of three types of spider monkeys in Panama; "Ateles geoffroyi panamensis" with a range spanning from Costa Rica to Darién excluding the Azuero, "Ateles geoffroyi fusciceps", with a range spanning Panamá and Colón provinces, and "Ateles geoffroyi azuerensis", the Azuero spider monkey, whose range encompasses only the Azuero Peninsula.
Foraging habits.
Although no published research pertaining specifically to the eating habits of the Azuero spider monkey exists, spider monkeys in general are frugivores. They dedicate anywhere from 55 to 90% of feeding time to fruit, but also eat plant parts such as leaves, flowers, seeds, and aerial roots. Although they feed on a diverse variety of taxa, they are specialists in that they feed on ripe fruit, which is easy to penetrate, thus necessitating a wide species foraging range due to their reliance on seasonally fruiting resources. Their ability to swallow fruits with large seeds rich in lipids enables dispersal of plant species that are rarely dispersed by other species. In addition to the primary influence of fruit availability, the location of water resources, sleeping sites, climatic extremes, and patrolling of range boundaries are all factors that influence spider monkey species ranges. Published research on other spider monkey subspecies suggests that their home range requires anywhere from 95-390 ha in continuous forest. These numbers remain unconfirmed for the Azuero spider monkey subspecies.
Threats to survival.
Due to the highly reduced and fragmented nature of the tropical dry forest habitat that originally covered nearly the entire Azuero peninsula, forest remnants large enough to support Azuero spider monkey populations are rare. This deforestation and the hunting of individuals make up the two most influential factors threatening the survival of Azuero spider monkey populations.
Research.
The Mohamed bin Zayed Species Conservation Fund has provided funding for research on the Azuero Spider Monkey. This research is looking into aspects of what the Azuero Spider Monkey eats, what constitutes a corridor, and how spider monkeys are key indicators of forest health.

</doc>
<doc id="30918144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30918144" title="Asbjørn Skarstein">
Asbjørn Skarstein

Asbjørn Skarstein (1922–1999) was a Norwegian civil servant and diplomat.
He was born in Kristiania, and held the siv.øk. degree. He was hired in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs as an assistant secretary in 1956. He served as a counsellor at the Norwegian embassies in Switzerland from 1960 and Belgium from 1962. In 1965 he returned to Norway; being a sub-director from 1965 to 1967 and deputy under-secretary of state from 1967 to 1975, both in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. He was then the permanent under-secretary of state in the Norwegian Ministry of Trade and Shipping, the highest-ranking bureaucratic position, from 1975 to 1981. He then served as Norway's ambassador to Italy from 1981 to 1984. He also doubled as the ambassador to Malta. In 1985 Georg Kristiansen left as ambassador of France Skarstein took over and served until 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="30918174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30918174" title="Joan Rodker">
Joan Rodker

Joan Rodker (1 May 1915 – 27 December 2010) was a British political activist and television producer.
The daughter of the modernist poet John Rodker and dancer Sonia Cohen, who placed her into care at age 18 months, where she remained until 11 years old. Later, Rodker lived with her mother and attended Haberdashers' Aske's School for Girls in Elstree, Hertfordshire, but did not shine academically. After failing the matriculation exam needed for university admission, she left school at 17. Improving her German in Prague at the insistence of her father, Rodker became attracted to Marxism, and migrated to Moscow in 1934, joining an acting troupe which toured Ukraine. After falling in love with the actor Gerhard Hinze (later known as Gerard Heinz), the couple had a son Ernest in 1937 while in Odessa. During her time in the Soviet Union, Rodker met Regina Fischer, with whom she later corresponded, and who subsequently became the mother of chess grandmaster Bobby Fischer. The relationship with Heinz did not survive the war. 
Rodker helped to publicise the Sheffield Peace Conference in 1950, and was involved in several other such gatherings. Between 1950 and 1955, Rodker was involved with the Polish Cultural Institute and (with the artist Peter de Francia and John Berger) began the Soho fair. Rodker's Kensington home was described by the "Telegraph" obituary writer as the nearest Britain ever possessed to a "communist salon". She provided help and accommodation for people of a similar persuasion, including the American expatriate Clancy Sigal and the novelist Doris Lessing. Lessing used Rodker as a model for her character Molly Jacobs in her novel "The Golden Notebook" (1962).
During her career in television, Joan Rodker was a researcher on such series as Huw Wheldon's "Monitor" and ITV's "Tempo" and script editor on "Armchair Theatre" and the BBC's "Thirty-Minute Theatre". In 1980, she worked as the Executive Producer of Thames' "Armchair Thriller" series, having previously worked as the script executive earlier in the programme's run.
Papers formerly in the possession of Joan Rodker were acquired by the Harry Ransom Humanities Research Center at the University of Texas at Austin in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="30918204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30918204" title="Muzondo High School">
Muzondo High School

Muzondo High School is located Takavarasha, Chivi District, Masvingo Province, Zimbabwe.
Notable alumni include Hon. Amos Chibaya, Movement for Democratic Change Member of Parliament for Mkoba.

</doc>
<doc id="30918241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30918241" title="James H. Fagan">
James H. Fagan

James H. Fagan (born October 13, 1947 in Taunton, Massachusetts) is an American attorney and politician who represented the 3rd Bristol District in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1993–2011.

</doc>
<doc id="30918351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30918351" title="Frederik Heidmann">
Frederik Heidmann

Frederik Heidmann (1777 – 1850) was a Norwegian military officer, civil servant and politician. He represented "Trondhjemske dragonkorps" at the Norwegian Constituent Assembly at Eidsvoll in 1814. He was later a member of the Parliament of Norway during several sessions, and was President of the Odelsting in 1821.

</doc>
<doc id="30918384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30918384" title="Europe Gate">
Europe Gate

The Europe Gate is a sculpture made out of LiTraCon, or Light Transmitting Concrete. It is a wall 3.5 meters squared and commemorates Hungary joining the European Union. It was built in 2004 by Áron Losonczi & Orsolya Vadász.

</doc>
<doc id="30918407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30918407" title="Écoute voir">
Écoute voir

Écoute voir is a French film, a drama-thriller, directed by Hugo Santiago, with a screenplay by Santiago and Claude Ollier, released in 1979. It stars Catherine Deneuve, Sami Frey and Anne Parillaud.
Synopsis.
Arnaud de Maule, young lord of the manor, distinguished scholar, has resort to the detective Claude Alphand (Catherine Deneuve), so that she might make enquiries into some individuals who are getting into his estate in Yvelines. Claude discovers that it is a question of the members of a strange sect, the Church of the Final Revival, which has recently won over Chloé, the young mistress of Arnaud.

</doc>
<doc id="30918415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30918415" title="Ada Vojtsik">
Ada Vojtsik

Ada Ignatievna Vojtsik (Russian: Ида Игнатьевна Войцик; August 1, 1905September 2, 1982) was a Soviet actress.

</doc>
<doc id="30918419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30918419" title="Mahaska County Courthouse">
Mahaska County Courthouse

The Mahaska County Courthouse in Oskaloosa, Iowa, United States was built in 1886. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the second building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
History.
Mahaska County’s first courthouse was built during the winter of 1844-1845. It was a two-story frame structure that measured 28 by 50 feet. It also served as a church and opera house. The county discontinued using the building in 1855 and rented office space in town to carry out the various county functions. The present courthouse was built in the Romanesque Revival style on part of the Oskaloosa public park. It was built at a cost of $132,000 and was dedicated in 1886. The grounds feature a statue of Chief Mahaska.

</doc>
<doc id="30918443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30918443" title="Alan Monaghan">
Alan Monaghan

Alan Monaghan (born May 6, 1970) is an Irish novelist. He has been shortlisted for the Irish Book Awards and has won the 2002 Hennessy New Irish Writer Award.
Life and works.
Monaghan was born in Dublin where he served his apprenticeship as a boilermaker in the Guinness brewery before becoming an engineer. He began his literary career in 1995 with the short story "Rosary" which was shortlisted for the Hennessy X.O Literary Awards. This nomination was successfully followed in 2002 when Monaghan won the Hennessy New Irish Writer Award and the Award for Emerging Fiction for his short story "The Soldier's Song". Monaghan has developed this short story into a series of books the first of which, The Soldier's Song was published in 2010. 
Monaghan has been highly praised for his writing style and was nominated in the Best Newcomer category of the 2010 Irish Book Awards.
Personal life.
Monaghan continues to live in Dublin with his family.

</doc>
<doc id="30918462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30918462" title="Vessels General Permit">
Vessels General Permit

Vessels greater than 300 GT calling in United States water need to have a Vessels General Permit (VGP) that regulates any of the 26 discharges stated by US Environmental Protection Agency EPA.
Requirement.
Managers can apply for VGP electronically through eNOI system. Description of the 26 discharges that need to be monitored by VGP and procedures management companies need to adopt can be found in the web by independent consultants.

</doc>
<doc id="30918472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30918472" title="Shougang Gymnasium">
Shougang Gymnasium

Shougang Gymnasium is an indoor sporting arena located in Beijing, China. The capacity of the arena is 6,000 spectators and opened in 2002. It hosts indoor sporting events such as basketball and volleyball. It hosts the Beijing Ducks of the Chinese Basketball Association. 

</doc>
<doc id="30918499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30918499" title="Jamia Qurania Arabia Lalbagh">
Jamia Qurania Arabia Lalbagh

Jamia Qurania Arabia Lalbagh is an institution for higher Islamic studies in Dhaka, Bangladesh. It has seven education sections from kindergarten to post-graduate levels.
History.
This institute was founded by a group of Islamic scholars led by Allama Shaykh Jofar Ahmad Usmani, Shaykh Mozahide Azam Shamsul Haq Faridpuri, Shaykah Grand Mufti Din Muhammad Khan and Maulana Muhammadullah Hafezzi Huzur. They planned for the establishment of this Jamiah around the historic mosque named Lalbagh Shahi Masjid in Shawwal 1370 H (1950 CE). Shaykh Muhammadullah Hafezzi Huzur was the first person who started the class of memorizing the Quran (Hifzul Quran) amid a lot of difficulties and problems. However, due to the effort of those personalities, the Jamiah now has become well known at home and abroad. Jamiah Lalbagh looks after around 70 madrasahs of this area so that they can improve their curricular activities.
Divisions.
The Jamiah has these education sections:
The Jamiah also teaches the students arithmetic, geography, Urdu, and Persian besides "Ilm-e-Wahi". Furthermore, the madrasah has the Section of Scientific Research, Section of Printing and Publishing, and Section of the Library.
Extracurricular activities.
The Jamiah organizes weekly debates on different languages, symposia on Islamic activities on contemporary topics, internal competitions during study periods and a big contest at the end of each academic year, translation of Islamic thoughts and literary articles and computer training.
Facilities.
All the students are residents of the madrasah. The Jamiah gives free education to all students. It also lends them textbooks. Those students who attain an excellent result in the examination are rewarded. Moreover, the Jamiah provides 1,500 orphans and poor and distressed students with food and accommodation.

</doc>
<doc id="30918504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30918504" title="Teribersky">
Teribersky

Teribersky (masculine), Teriberskaya (feminine), or Teriberskoye (neuter) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30918514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30918514" title="Brit Denstad">
Brit Denstad

Brit Denstad (born 24 December 1935) is a Norwegian civil servant.
She is a sociologist and took the dr.philos. degree in 1975. She worked as a sub-director in the Norwegian Ministry of Social Affairs from 1977 to 1981 before working many years as a research director. She was the director of "Institutt for anvendt sosialvitenskapelig forskning" (INAS) from 1981 to 1987 and "Norges råd for anvendt samfunnsforskning" (NORAS) from 1987 to 1992. She was then a sub-director in the Research Council of Norway from 1993 to 1994 and director of research and development at Oslo University College from 1994 to 1995. On 1 February 1996 she succeeded Knut Grøholt as the permanent under-secretary of state in the Ministry of Government Administration. She continued until 2001, and then became a special adviser in the same ministry (now named the Ministry of Government Administration and Labour).

</doc>
<doc id="30918522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30918522" title="Youngor Arena">
Youngor Arena

Youngor Arena is an indoor sporting arena located in Ningbo, China. The capacity of the arena is 5,000 spectators and opened in 1994. It hosts indoor sporting events such as basketball and volleyball. It hosts the Bayi Rockets of the Chinese Basketball Association. 

</doc>
<doc id="30918528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30918528" title="Just Henrik Ely">
Just Henrik Ely

Just Henrik Ely (1759 – 1824) was a Norwegian military officer and politician, born in Stavanger. He represented "Vesterlenske Infanteri-Regiment" at the Norwegian Constituent Assembly at Eidsvoll in 1814.

</doc>
<doc id="30918549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30918549" title="Qingdao University Gymnasium">
Qingdao University Gymnasium

Qingdao University Gymnasium is an indoor sporting arena located in Qingdao, China. The capacity of the arena is 6,000 spectators and opened in 2005. It hosts indoor sporting events such as basketball and volleyball. It hosts the Qingdao DoubleStar of the Chinese Basketball Association. 

</doc>
<doc id="30918556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30918556" title="Dan Shafer">
Dan Shafer

Dan Shafer is a book author and technology expert who is best known as one of the world's most prolific technology book authors and is also recognized as one of the top webmasters in the Macintosh community. 
He writes the OneMind blog and is the Spiritual Teacher in Residence for Unity Monterey Bay.

</doc>
<doc id="30918578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30918578" title="Riverside Sports Arena">
Riverside Sports Arena

Riverside Sports Arena is an indoor sporting arena located in Taiyuan, China. The capacity of the arena is 5,331 spectators and opened in 1998. It hosts indoor sporting events such as basketball and volleyball. It hosts the Shanxi Zhongyu of the Chinese Basketball Association. 

</doc>
<doc id="30918622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30918622" title="Forever (R.K.M &amp; Ken-Y album)">
Forever (R.K.M &amp; Ken-Y album)

Forever is the third and final studio album by the reggaeton duo R.K.M & Ken-Y. It was released in February 14, 2011, and entered the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums chart at number 10.
Two singles were released from the album. "Mi Corazón Está Muerto" peaked at number 18 on the "Billboard" Top Latin Songs chart, and at number 23 on the "Billboard" Top Latin Pop Songs chart. "Mas" peaked at number 36 on the "Billboard" Latin Pop Songs hcart

</doc>
<doc id="30918636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30918636" title="Dongguan Arena">
Dongguan Arena

Dongguan Arena is an indoor sporting arena located in Dongguan, Guangdong, China. The capacity of the arena, which opened in 1994, is 4,000 spectators. It hosts indoor sporting events such as basketball and volleyball and is home to the Guangdong Southern Tigers who play in the Chinese Basketball Association. The arena also hosted the weightlifting events during the 2010 Asian Games.

</doc>
<doc id="30918678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30918678" title="Oluf C. Müller">
Oluf C. Müller

Oluf Christian Müller (11 June 1921 – 26 June 2001) was a Norwegian civil servant.
He was born in Kristiansund. He finished his secondary education in 1941, took commerce school in 1944 and then enrolled in law studies. He took the cand.jur. degree at the University of Oslo in 1949, and worked as a deputy judge in Oslo, Eidsvoll and Søre Sunnmøre before being hired as a secretary in the Ministry of Finance in 1951. He was promoted to assistant secretary in 1957, sub-director in 1963 and deputy under-secretary of state in 1967. From 1969 to 1989 he served as the permanent under-secretary of state in the Norwegian Ministry of Industry, the highest-ranking bureaucratic position. The ministry was renamed as the Ministry of Trade in 1988. From 1989 to 1991 he worked there as a special adviser.
He was decorated as a Commander of the Order of St. Olav and holds the Order of the Falcon.

</doc>
<doc id="30918680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30918680" title="Oluf Müller">
Oluf Müller

Oluf Müller may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30918692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30918692" title="Foshan Lingnan Mingzhu Gymnasium">
Foshan Lingnan Mingzhu Gymnasium

Foshan Lingnan Mingzhu Gymnasium () is an indoor sporting arena located in Dongguan City, Guangdong Province, China. Opened in 2006, the capacity of the arena is 8,324 spectators. It hosts indoor sporting events such as basketball and volleyball and is the home of the Foshan Dralions who play in the Chinese Basketball Association league. The arena also hosted the boxing events at the 2010 Asian Games.

</doc>
<doc id="30918724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30918724" title="Steyning Methodist Church">
Steyning Methodist Church

Steyning Methodist Church is a Methodist place of worship serving Steyning and surrounding villages in the Horsham district of West Sussex, England. Built for a Wesleyan Methodist congregation who had outgrown an earlier chapel nearby, the Gothic Revival building opened in 1878 and has since been extended. The flint and yellow brick church is set back from Steyning's ancient High Street and is within the village conservation area. It is one of nine churches in the Worthing Methodist Circuit.
History.
Protestant Nonconformism was well established in Sussex by the start of the 19th century, and Wesleyan Methodism had a strong presence. In 1807, the Lewes and Brighton Wesleyan Circuit was founded, covering much of the county; it administered ten churches by 1841. In September of that year, Methodists first began to meet in Steyning, an ancient village whose strategic position made it an important centre of trade. St Cuthman founded its church in the 8th century; King Æthelwulf of Wessex was later buried there; and George Fox and William Penn were associated with a 17th-century Quaker meeting house.
In 1843, the infant Methodist community (which had formed in September 1841) acquired a chapel built eight years earlier for the Countess of Huntingdon's Connexion, a local Calvinistic Methodist denomination. They joined the Lewes and Brighton Circuit by March 1844, at which time there were 33 members. The "neat" building was called "Trinity Chapel" by 1855, and its Sunday school thrived. Consideration was given in 1874 to expanding the premises, but the congregation and trustees decided to move out and build a larger chapel instead. Henry Northcroft, active in the Worthing and Lancing Methodist churches nearby, gave a plot of land behind Steyning High Street in 1875.
James E. Lund, an architect from Worthing, was commissioned to design plans for the new church. He attended and preached at Bedford Row Methodist Chapel in his home town, and was later responsible for designing Worthing Tabernacle and West Worthing Tabernacle (now West Worthing Evangelical Church) in the Romanesque Revival and Queen Anne styles respectively. He planned a Gothic Revival-style chapel capable of holding 300 worshippers and with an adjoining 200-capacity schoolroom. The Steyning-based building firm of Charles B. Oxley won the contract to build it, and the chapel was officially founded on 12 July 1877. Three dignitaries laid the foundation stone: Henry Northcroft, Sir William McArthur and Caroline Spong, wife of the minister of Cliftonville Congregational Church in Hove. There were speeches, a celebratory feast at a nearby inn and a public meeting, at which nearly £100 was raised for the church. Work was scheduled to continue until October 1877, but Oxley's firm went bankrupt and construction was suspended for five months until the receivers made arrangements with another builder. The chapel was completed within a month, and it opened for worship on 13 April 1878. The building contract was valued at £1,220.10s.0d, and the total cost including fittings and land was £1,885. The debt at the time of opening was £203.7s.9d; the church trustees had auctioned their former chapel (by now called Jarvis Hall) in May 1878 and received £223.16s.8d., which went towards the building fund.
The church struggled in its early years: the "peculiar difficulties of the Steyning cause", especially its low membership, were debated throughout the 1880s. Proactive work by ministers and the congregation, including outreach efforts to neighbouring villages and invitations to popular preachers, turned its fortunes around, and membership grew to 27 by 1892. One feature of the church was its lack of a full-time minister: it had been administered from Shoreham-by-Sea Methodist Church since 1870, when the congregation still met in the old chapel. In 1912, a resident minister was appointed to serve Steyning and administer the nearby Ashington Methodist Church as well; but within weeks, he was called away to another position outside Sussex, and left almost immediately. At that time, the congregation consisted mostly of local farming families, and contact with other churches in the village was minimal: when the Anglican vicar of St Andrew's Church attended the Methodist chapel's Golden Jubilee celebrations in 1927, it was headline news in the "Sussex Daily News". The building served as a canteen for the armed forces during World Wars I and II, and a substantial air-raid shelter was built during the latter.
Structural improvements were carried out in 1907, and in 1925 three extra rooms were built adjoining the schoolroom. These had their own foundation stones. The church was electrically lit from 1952, and major internal refits were carried out in 1968 and 1979. The £21,050 cost of the 1979 refit, which included a larger kitchen and a new meeting room, was partly met by the Joseph Rank Trust.
The church grew in strength in the postwar period. Outreach to the village as a whole and ecumenical activities with other local churches increased, and membership reached 66 in 1962. Services also became popular with pupils from a nearby boarding school. Centenary celebrations included a parade from the church to St Andrew's parish church, which held a special service. Another internal refurbishment was carried out in spring 2001, after which the church was rededicated.
Steyning Methodist Church now shares a minister with another Methodist church at nearby Storrington as part of the Downs Section of the Worthing Methodist Circuit. A third church in the section, Ashington Methodist Church, closed in October 2010. Steyning and Storrington are two of the nine extant churches in the Circuit; the others are in Worthing, Durrington, Goring-by-Sea, Southwick, Shoreham-by-Sea and Lancing.
Architecture.
James E. Lund designed Steyning Methodist Church in the Gothic Revival style. The main building materials are flint and pale yellow brick, and there are stone dressings and quoins. The design is in contrast to the plain stuccoed Neoclassical architecture of the congregation's former chapel, the present Jarvis Hall. The lobby, widened in 1968, is reached through an entrance porch. and was originally lined with glass panels with etched Gothic-style lettering reading . Other original fittings included tapestry carpets, stone tablets with the Ten Commandments, a tall curved rostrum with decorative ironwork and a timber communion rail. A pulpit was mounted centrally on the rostrum, and an organ stood behind. The 1968 refurbishment included replacing the organ with one taken from Whitefield's Tabernacle, Moorfields, removing the rostrum in favour of a flat platform with a side pulpit and a communion table in the centre, and mounting a teak cross on the wall above.
The chapel is set back a long way from Steyning High Street, behind a garden which was laid with lawn and shrubs in 1879. In its assessment of the Steyning village centre conservation area, in which the chapel is situated, The Steyning Society commented that the chapel's environs were "a delightful area with a mixture of buildings on both sides of the road with a pleasing irregularity of building line".

</doc>
<doc id="30918733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30918733" title="List of universities in Fiji">
List of universities in Fiji

This is a list of universities in Fiji.

</doc>
<doc id="30918749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30918749" title="Shandong Arena">
Shandong Arena

Shandong Arena is an indoor sporting arena located in Jinan, China. The capacity of the arena is 8,800 spectators and opened in 1979. It hosts indoor sporting events such as basketball and volleyball. It hosts the Shandong Lions of the Chinese Basketball Association. 

</doc>
<doc id="30918756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30918756" title="International Hot-Air Balloon Festival in Château-d'Oex">
International Hot-Air Balloon Festival in Château-d'Oex

The International Hot-Air Balloon Festival in Château-d'Oex is a hot-air balloons festival that has taken place every year during nine days at the end of January in Château-d'Œx, Switzerland since 1979. It is attended by nearly a hundred balloons from over twenty countries. It is famous for taking place in a snowy valley (most of the time) and also for a unique event : the "night-glow" show, where all the balloons are exposed on the mountain, lit by their burners, during the evening of the 7th day.

</doc>
<doc id="30918763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30918763" title="Sandwell Council election, 2004">
Sandwell Council election, 2004

The 2004 Sandwell Council election took place on 10 June 2004 to elect members of Sandwell Metropolitan Borough Council in the West Midlands, England. The whole council was up for election with boundary changes since the last election in 2003. The Labour party stayed in overall control of the council.
Campaign.
Before the election the council was controlled by Labour with 55 seats, compared to 9 for the Conservatives, 6 Liberal Democrats and 2 British National Party.
During the campaign the Chancellor of the Exchequer Gordon Brown visited Sandwell and called on voters to reject the British National Party.
Election result.
The results saw Labour easily hold onto control of the council after dropping just 3 seats. The leader of the council, Bill Thomas, described the results as "remarkable" considering it was a mid term election and called it a "vote of confidence". However Labour did lose seats to the Conservatives, including 2 in St Paul's ward, meaning that the Conservatives made a gain of 4 seats. The Liberal Democrats stayed on 6 seats, while the British National Party dropped to just 1 seat. The only successful BNP candidate was in Princes End ward, where James Lloyd was elected, while in the same ward his party colleague John Salvage lost his seat on the council.

</doc>
<doc id="30918776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30918776" title="WWW Interactive Multipurpose Server">
WWW Interactive Multipurpose Server

The WWW Interactive Multipurpose Server (WIMS) (sometimes referred to as "WWW Interactive Mathematics Server") project is designed for supporting intensive mathematical exercises via the Internet or in a computer-equipped classroom with server-side interactivity, accessible at the address http://wims.unice.fr.
The system has the following main features:
The program is open source and freely available under the GNU General Public Licence, however each WIMS module has its own copyright policy, which may differ from that of the server program.
It is often cited and linked for its sophisticated "online calculator" tools capable of generating animated GIFs of parametric 2D or 3D graphs or allowing prime tests with very large numbers.
Author.
Xiao Gang was a professor at University of Nice Sophia Antipolis. He was interested in solar energy and algebraic geometry. He was also the active site manager of the WIMS of the university he worked for. Xiao Gang passed away on June 27th, 2014. 
Xiao Gang learned himself during the Up to the Mountains and Down to the Countryside Movement and then obtained his masters degree from University of Science and Technology of China. Xiao obtained his Ph.D. degree from University of Paris-Sud in 1984. After that, he returned China and became a lecturer at East China Normal University. He was promoted to professor in 1986, and was awarded the Shiing-Shen Chern Prize in Mathematics in 1991. In 1992, Xiao became a professor at University of Nice Sophia Antipolis.

</doc>
<doc id="30918790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30918790" title="William L. Saltonstall">
William L. Saltonstall

William Lawrence Saltonstall (May 14, 1927 – January 23, 2009), an American politician, was a member of the Massachusetts Senate from 1967 to 1979. He was a Republican and a resident of Manchester-by-the-Sea, Massachusetts. He led an unsuccessful campaign in 1969 to represent Massachusetts's 6th congressional district in the U.S. House of Representatives.
Born in Chestnut Hill, Massachusetts, he was a member of the Saltonstall family, which had strong historical roots in Massachusetts. His father, Leverett Saltonstall (1892–1979), was a Massachusetts governor and a U.S. senator. While the Saltonstall men were known to join the U.S. Army, he instead enlisted the U.S. Navy on his eighteenth birthday. His first day of service was V-J Day in 1945. With World War II at its end, Saltonstall enrolled at Harvard College, from which he graduated in 1949. He later graduated from Harvard Business School.
After working as a security analyst for seven years, Saltonstall worked at his father's U.S. Senate office in Washington, D.C. He returned to Massachusetts in 1966 where he ran for the state Senate. He won, and went on to represent the Third Essex district from 1967 to 1975 and the First Essex and Middlesex district from 1975 to 1979. One of his top priorities was bicycle safety. Saltonstall ran for the U.S. House in a 1969 special election to succeed the deceased William H. Bates from the 6th Massachusetts district, but lost to Democrat Michael J. Harrington.
Saltonstall married Jane Chandler in 1953. They had three children, Abigail, Claire, and William, Jr. Claire was struck and killed by an automobile driver in 1974 while she was riding her bicycle. The Claire Saltonstall Bikeway from Boston's Emerald Necklace to Provincetown is named in her memory.
On a Friday evening in January 2009, after returning home from dinner with his wife, Saltonstall died "of an apparent heart attack or blood clot".

</doc>
<doc id="30918807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30918807" title="Hongshan Arena">
Hongshan Arena

Hongshan Arena is an indoor sporting arena located in Ürümqi, China. The capacity of the arena is 3,800 spectators and opened in 2002. It hosts indoor sporting events such as basketball and volleyball. It hosts the Xinjiang Flying Tigers of the Chinese Basketball Association. 

</doc>
<doc id="30918820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30918820" title="Jacob Hersleb Darre">
Jacob Hersleb Darre

Jacob Hersleb Darre (1757 – 1841) was a Norwegian vicar. He represented "Søndre Trondhjems Amt" at the Norwegian Constituent Assembly at Eidsvoll in 1814. His diary from 1814 was published in 1846. He was the father of bishop Hans Jørgen Darre.

</doc>
<doc id="30918844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30918844" title="Jefferson County Courthouse (Iowa)">
Jefferson County Courthouse (Iowa)

The Jefferson County Courthouse in Fairfield, Iowa, United States was built from 1890 to 1893. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the third building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
History.
Jefferson County’s first courthouse was built in 1840. It was a two-story frame structure with a gabled roof. The building was destroyed in a fire in 1916. It was replaced by a 40 by 70 foot structure that was built of brick in 1851. Because the building was in poor condition court sessions were held in Harmony Church starting in 1880. A poor economy delayed the construction of a new courthouse until construction was begun on the present building in 1890. The Romanesque Revival building was completed three years later at a cost of $73,630.87. The exterior is constructed in Cleveland grey sandstone and brick. The interior features wood work in native oak. The clock tower was modified in 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="30918847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30918847" title="Bernard-Georges-François Frère">
Bernard-Georges-François Frère

Bernard-Georges-François Frère, Count of the Empire, (8 January 1764, in Montréal, Aude – 16 February 1826, in Paris) was a French soldier of the French Revolutionary Wars, who later rose to the top military rank of General of Division, taking part in the Napoleonic Wars.
Revolutionary Wars.
A pharmacist in the city of Carcassonne at the outbreak of the French Revolution, Frère exercised this profession until 1791, when he decided to join the army. He was rapidly elected captain and took part to Pyrenees military operations against Spain during the War of the First Coalition. He distinguished himself in battle and gained the rank of "chef de battalion" (battalion commander) in 1793. Following the signature of the treaty of peace between the Kingdom of Spain and the young French Republic, Frère was assigned to the "Army of Italy" and took part to several battles, including the assault of the Serra redoubts, where was wounded, and at the battle of Bassano. Sent to serve in "Army of England", he failed to take the Saint-Marcouf islands off the coasts of Normandy (9 April 1798). Having spent some time in the "Army of Batavia", then in the "Army of the Rhine", he was promoted to the rank of Brigadier General and given the prestigious command of the infantry of the Consular Guard, then the command of the Grenadiers of the Consular Guard.
Napoleonic Wars and beyond.
After the creation of the "Grande Armée" in 1805, Frère was given a command and was cited several times in the bulletins, during the War of the Third Coalition. The next year, during the War of the Fourth Coalition, he was equally successful, being one of the first commanders to enter Lübeck, after the French led a successful battle against the Prussian defenders under Gebhard Leberecht von Blücher. On 5 June 1807, commanding a single infantry regiment, Frère forced no less than 10,000 Russians to surrender. He was promoted to General of Division in March 1808, before being sent to Spain, where he took the city of Segovia on 7 June 1808 and then served as chief of staff in the Army Corps of Marshal Jean Lannes during the bloody siege of Saragosa. He was created a Count of the Empire that year and in 1809 was recalled to the "Grande Armée d'Allemagne" in order to take part to the War of the Fifth Coalition against Austria, serving at the battles of Aspern-Essling and Wagram, where he received a serious wound during the second day of battle. In 1810, Frère was sent to serve in the "Army of Catalonia" and subsequently recalled to France and appointed at the command of the military division of Rennes. During the Hundred Days, Napoleon entrusted him with the command of the military division of Lille.
The name FRERE is one of the names inscribed under the Arc de Triomphe in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="30918889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30918889" title="İbrahim Yılmaz">
İbrahim Yılmaz

İbrahim Yılmaz (born 6 February 1994) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a forward for İstanbul Büyükşehir Belediyespor in the TFF First League. Yılmaz is also a youth international.
Yılmaz began his career with İstanbul Büyükşehir Belediyespor in 2005 and made his professional debut on 19 December 2010.
Career.
International career.
Yılmaz represented Turkey at the 2013 UEFA U-19 Championship and 2013 FIFA U-20 World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="30918913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30918913" title="Arthur Potts Dawson">
Arthur Potts Dawson

Arthur Potts Dawson, born and brought up in Camden, London, started cooking around 1990. He started with a three-year apprenticeship with the Roux brothers, worked with Rowley Leigh at Kensington Place for two years, with Rose Gray and Ruth Rogers at the River Café for four years, Hugh Fernley-Whittingstall and Pierre Khoffman both for a year. He worked as head chef at the River Café and went on to restyle Petersham Nurseries Cafe, re-launch Cecconi's restaurant, and to work as executive head chef for Jamie Oliver's Fifteen Restaurant.
Dawson was the star of The People's Supermarket, televised on C4 in early 2011. The People's Supermarket, a concept based on being staffed entirely by local residents, to keep costs low and prices affordable. The show also stars Grandma Josie, campaigning for the working class, and goldsmith Jocelyn Burton.
Dawson is nephew of Mick Jagger.

</doc>
<doc id="30918927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30918927" title="Antrim Borough Council">
Antrim Borough Council

Antrim Borough Council is the local authority of Antrim in Northern Ireland.
Members.
Antrim is sub-divided into three electoral areas: Antrim South-East, Antrim North-West and Antrim Town, from which 19 members were elected. As of February 2011, the following political parties are represented: 5 Democratic Unionist Party (DUP), 5 Ulster Unionist Party (UUP), 3 Sinn Féin, 3 Alliance Party, 2 Social Democratic and Labour Party (SDLP)and 1 Traditional Unionist Voice. An election is held every four years using the proportional representation system.
Mayor.
A mayor and deputy mayor are elected from among the councillors at the borough council's annual meeting in June. For the civic year 2012/2013 the Mayor of Antrim is Roy Thompson (DUP) and the Deputy Mayor was Roderick Swann (UUP).

</doc>
<doc id="30918930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30918930" title="Auguste de Méritens">
Auguste de Méritens

Baron Auguste de Méritens was a French electrical engineer of the 19th century.
He was born in 1834.
He is best known his work on magneto generators, particularly those used for arc lighting and lighthouses. Similar magneto generators had been produced earlier by Nollet; de Méritens' innovation was to replace the rotor coils previously wound on individual bobbins, with a 'ring wound' armature. These windings were wound on a segmented iron core, similar to a Gramme ring, so as to form a single continuous hoop. This gave a more even output current, which was advantageous for use with arc lamps.
In 1881 he was awarded a French patent for the first arc welding process. This used a carbon electrode to generate an arc to the workpiece. The process achieved relatively low temperatures and was not successful with steel. However it was widely used commercially, for welding lead plates to manufacture storage batteries. De Méritens produced this welding equipment with an enclosed hood and fume extraction pipe, to control the hazardous lead oxide fumes from the hot lead.
He died in poverty at Pontoise in 1898.

</doc>
<doc id="30918975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30918975" title="The People's Supermarket">
The People's Supermarket

The People's Supermarket is a food cooperative whose stated aim is to provide the local community with good cheap food that's fair to consumers and producers. It was set up in May 2010 by Arthur Potts Dawson, Kate Wickes-Bull, David Barrie and a team of supporters and professional advisors in Lamb's Conduit Street, Holborn, London, England, near Great Ormond Street Hospital. it had 1000 members.
Based upon the concept of the food co-operative and inspired in part by the Park Slope Food Coop in the Park Slope neighbourhood of Brooklyn in New York City, US, members of the social enterprise are required to pay a £25 annual fee and contribute 4 hours of their time every 4 weeks to working in the store. In return, members receive a 20% discount off their shopping in-store.
The People's Supermarket was visited by Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, David Cameron on Monday 14 February 2011 immediately prior to his speech relaunching his flagship Big Society initiative and the creation of the Big Society Bank at Somerset House in central London.
As of March 2012 the People's Supermarket website had a page headed "Our Imminent Closure" which announced that unless Camden Council continued to support it by allowing the renegotiation of rate payments The People’s Supermarket would become insolvent by 1 March, and asking site visitors to sign a petition. There was a rush of donations which enabled an instalment towards unpaid business rates of about £5,000 to be paid, ending the immediate risk of closure.
On 29 March 2014 the People's Supermarket hosted a supper club, with proceeds going to support the supermarket.
Media.
"The People's Supermarket" is a 4-episode February 2011 Channel 4 documentary series which follows chef and eco-restauranteur Arthur Potts Dawson's journey to launch a supermarket that is owned by its customers in order to compete with the UK's Big 4 Supermarkets. Founding members and local residents appear on the programmes.
The People's Supermarket was also discussed on BBC Radio 4's You and Yours programme on 15 July 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="30919004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30919004" title="Makari">
Makari

Makari may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30919012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30919012" title="Puthiya Tamilagam">
Puthiya Tamilagam

Puthiya Tamilakam () is a people's movement and political party mainly based in Southern Tamil Nadu.
Background.
It advocates for the rights and welfare of Scheduled Castes, particularly Devendra Kula Vellalar. Its founder-President is Dr.Krishnaswamy. 
The analogical studies based on the number of vote it secured from the polls of 1999 and again in 2009 clearly indicates that the party sustains its support base without any change in Rajapalayam, Tenkasi, Tirunelveli and Trichy.
Political timeline.
1999 Lok Sabha elections.
In the 1999 general election, major parties faced a stiff competition from Puthiya Tamizhagam (PT) candidates in Tenkasi (K. Krishnasamy) and Tirunelveli (P.V. Bhakthavathchalam). While Dr. Krishnasamy secured 1,86,220 votes in Tenkasi, Mr. Bhakthavathchalam polled 1,12,941 votes in Tirunelveli.
2009 Lok Sabha elections.
The best performance from PT came in 2009 Lok Sabha elections when its leader Krishnaswamy secured 1,16,685 votes in Tenkasi, the while the victory margin was 35,324 votes and he was not part of any major alliance.
2011 Assembly elections.
During 2009 Lok Sabha Puthiya Tamilazham party had chosen not to form an alliance with any other parties.In 2011 Puthiya Tamilazham party has announced its interests in joining hands with the All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam party.In 2011 elections,the party won 2seats(Ottapidaram and Nilakkottai). 
Dr K. Krishnasamy secured 71,330 votes in Ottapidaram constituency and A.Ramaswamy secured 75,124 votes in Nilakkottai constituency.

</doc>
<doc id="30919063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30919063" title="Charlie Jaeger">
Charlie Jaeger

Charles Thomas Jaeger (1875–1942) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for the Detroit Tigers during the 1904 Detroit Tigers season.

</doc>
<doc id="30919097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30919097" title="Ernesto Sinclair">
Ernesto Sinclair

Ernesto Sinclair (born March 10, 1989 in Panama City, Panama) is a Panamanian footballer currently playing for Sporting San Miguelito of the Primera Division in Panama.

</doc>
<doc id="30919155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30919155" title="International Indian Treaty Council">
International Indian Treaty Council

International Indian Treaty Council.
The International Indian Treaty Council (IITC) is an organization of Indigenous Peoples from North, Central, South America, the Caribbean and the Paciﬁc working for the Sovereignty and Self-Determination of Indigenous Peoples and the recognition and protection of Indigenous Rights, Treaties, Traditional Cultures and Sacred Lands. The IITC was formed in 1974 after a period of increased social activism of the 1960s and 1970s, during which the American Indian Movement was born, at a gathering on the land of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe, in South Dakota. This gathering, and the IITC which resulted from it, was called for by the American Indian Movement, and was attended by delegates from 97 Indian tribes and Nations from across North and South America. Since 1977, the IITC has been recognized by the United Nations as a category II Non-governmental Organization (NGO) with Consultative Status with the UN Economic and Social Council, making it the first indigenous NGO to gain such status.
Objectives.
The IITC's work includes supporting grassroots Indigenous struggles for human rights, self-determination and environmental justice through information dissemination, networking, coalition building, advocacy and technical assistance. The IITC aims to build, organize and facilitate the participation of Indigenous Peoples in local, regional, national and international events and gatherings addressing their concerns and survival. Working largely with international bodies, the IITC focuses on building Indigenous Peoples’ participation in key United Nations fora such as the Commission on Human Rights, the Working Group on Indigenous Populations, the Sub-Commission on Prevention of Discrimination and Protection of Minorities, the Conference of the Parties to the Convention on Biological Diversity, UNESCO and the Commission on Sustainable Development. In recent years, IITC has also participated in the International Labor Organization (ILO), U.N. World Conferences, the International Union for the Conservation of Nature (IUCN) and the World Archeological Congress to systematically address concerns vital to Indigenous Peoples.
The IITC cite their objectives as the following: 
The IITC also disseminates information about opportunities for international activism and involvement in grassroots Indigenous communities and tribes, and educates and builds awareness about Indigenous struggles among non-Indigenous Peoples and organizations. With the aim of facilitating indigenous participation in struggles for indigenous justice at the U.N. level, the IITC published a guide outlining how to write a shadow report.
Declaration for the Rights of Indigenous Peoples.
The IITC was a major player in the process of drafting of the Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples, and working towards its adoption by the United Nations. In 2004, during the 10th session of the Intersessional Working Group on the Draft Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples, the IITC helped to coordinate and carry out a hunger strike, protesting for the rights of indigenous peoples threatened by loss of land, environmental racism, toxic dumping, globalization and theft of mineral and water rights.
The Indigenous Peoples Sunrise Ceremony.
Since the mid-1970s the IITC has organized the The Indigenous Peoples' Sunrise Ceremony, an annual gathering held on the island of Alcatraz in San Francisco Bay, in the United States of America. Observed on the United States Thanksgiving holiday in November, this gathering and ceremony is held to honor the feast, held on Thanksgiving Day, on Alcatraz Island in 1969 during the Occupation of Alcatraz.
Treaty Council News.
In 1977 the IITC began compiling and publishing the bulletin "Treaty Council News". This periodical was one of the original indigenous news publications in the United States. The IITC continues the publication of this bulletin in electronic format, via the IITC website
Notable people.
Notable people who have been involved with the IITC over time include Jimmie Durham, Roxanne Dunbar-Ortiz, Bill Wahpepah, Hinewirangi Kohu Morgan, Bill Means, and Bumpy Kanahele.

</doc>
<doc id="30919182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30919182" title="How to Live Forever">
How to Live Forever

How to Live Forever, written by director Mark Wexler and Robert DeMaio, is a documentary that follows Mark on a three-year pilgrimage to discover the best practices and philosophies to help mitigate "the uncool trappings of old age." With the death of his mother (artist Marian Witt-Wexler) and the arrival of an AARP card, Wexler begins to wonder if one can truly achieve immortality. He interviews an eclectic group of celebrities, health care professionals, centenarians, followers of Laughter Yoga, and scientists contemplating technology’s impact on the average lifespan in an attempt to conquer death.
Wexler ventures into the home of fitness legend Jack LaLanne and his wife Elaine for a personal training session and a raw food smoothie. Often called the "godfather of fitness", Jack LaLanne was among the first to publicly preach the health benefits of regular exercise and a good diet. In 1936, when LaLanne was 21-years-old, he opened one of the nation’s first fitness gyms, and in the 1950s he filmed a series of television exercise programs. LaLanne invented several exercise machines, was inducted to the California Hall of Fame in 2008, and has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
In the documentary, Suzanne Somers speaks to the International Congress on Anti-Aging Medicine in Las Vegas. She describes the array of hormones that she takes daily, explaining why she is a supporter of bioidentical hormone replacement therapy. Author of numerous diet books and autobiographies, Somers also wrote "Ageless: The Naked Truth About Bioidentical Hormones". Somers is an actress, author, and businesswoman, best known for her role as Chrissy Snow on "Three’s Company".
Aubrey de Grey is a British author and theoretician in the field of gerontology. His studies focus on researching and developing tissue-repair strategies intended to prolong lifespans. De Grey is the editor-in-chief of the academic journal "Rejuvenation Research", author of "The Mitochondrial Free Radical Theory of Aging", and co-author of "Ending Aging". Wexler, as well as news sources like "The New York Times", the BBC, and "Fortune", have interviewed de Grey to learn more about his theories on anti-aging.
Also featured in the documentary is celebrated American writer Ray Bradbury, who is best known for his books "Fahrenheit 451", "The Martian Chronicles", and "Something Wicked This Way Comes". The Pulitzer board recognized Bradbury "for his distinguished, prolific, and deeply influential career as an unmatched author of science fiction and fantasy." Many of his works have been adapted into television shows or films. When asked if he’s afraid of getting old, Bradbury replies, "No, I’ve never had that fear; I knew that I was collecting truths along the way."
Comedienne Phyllis Diller has maintained the stage presence of a boisterous, eccentric housewife with an unusual laugh in stand-up and sit-coms since 1952. She has guest-starred in dozens of television shows and also voiced the Queen in Disney’s "A Bug's Life", Jimmy’s grandmother in Nickelodeon’s "Jimmy Neutron", and Peter Griffin’s mother in "Family Guy". In the documentary, Diller believes comedy is important to health, maintaining that "laughter fluffs up every cell in the body."
Claiming to have been born in 1906, Pierre Jean Buster Martin was a 104-year-old beer drinking and chain-smoking marathon runner. He did not include fish, dairy, tea, or water in his diet. Buster smoked since he was seven-years-old and followed a diligent regimen of beer, cigarettes, and red meat. In 2008, Buster successfully finished the London Marathon. When Buster was not training for marathons, he cleaned vans for Pimlico Plumbers in southeast London. On April 12, 2011 Buster finished work, had a beer, and went home. He died that night, at age 104.
Jonathan Gold, a food critic who writes for "LA Weekly", shares an Oki Dog and his philosophy of food with Wexler. Gold claims that "eating is one of the great pleasures of life", and believes that those with diet restrictions are missing out on a lot that life has to offer. He is the author of "Counter Intelligence" and has written for several magazines throughout his lifetime. In 2007, Gold became the first critic to win the Pulitzer Prize.
Dr. Madan Kataria gives viewers of the documentary a prescription for longevity: "Laugh ten minutes every day for no reason." Known as the "Guru of Giggling", Kataria researched the physiological and psychological benefits of laughter and started a Laughter Yoga club in 1995 with just five people in a public park in Mumbai. The unusual exercise routine combines yoga breathing with laughter exercises, and it has grown to more than 6,000 Laughter Yoga clubs in over 60 countries.
In the documentary, Eleanor Wasson reveals that being a vegetarian and drinking vodka every night are a few secrets to her 100-year lifespan. Throughout her life, Wasson was a volunteer, an activist, and a devotee to social and political causes of various kinds. She was the founder of WomenRise for Global Peace and had been a long-time fighter against the spread of nuclear weapons. For thirty years, Wasson was the Coordinator of Volunteer Services for UCLA. She died April 6, 2008.
Pico Iyer, a British-born novelist, essayist, and travel writer, also makes an appearance in the documentary. He regularly contributes to "Time", "National Geographic", and the "New York Times" on various subjects. Iyer is a close friend of the director and is, Wexler claims, "the sanest person I know." He turns the camera on Wexler, asking the director to examine his own hopes and intentions for making the documentary. He asserts that like the ending of books and films, "death makes sense of everything that comes before it."
The documentary, contrary to its title, is not a how-to guide to eternal life. Rather, it is an examination of different philosophies and perspectives on life, offering viewers a glimpse into the science and commercialism in fields like funeral planning, cryonics, and anti-aging practices. Meanwhile, the film challenges viewers to examine their own notions of whether to combat or accept the inevitability of aging; it is this dilemma that drives Wexler’s search both around the world and within himself, asking the question, "If you could take a pill to live 500 more years, would you?"
"How to Live Forever" premiered at the 17th Annual Hamptons International Film Festival in 2009. It was also screened at the Palm Springs International Film Festival in January 2011 and the Gasparilla International Film Festival in March 2011.
In addition to "How to Live Forever", Mark Wexler directed "Tell Them Who You Are" (2004), about his father, cinematographer Haskell Wexler, and "Me and My Matchmaker" (1996). He also co-produced "Air Force One" (2002). "Me and My Matchmaker" won an Audience Award for Best Documentary at the 2006 Slamdance Film Festival.
Robert DeMaio, director of the 1983 TV series "Against the Odds" and writer of TV documentary "Reversal of Fortune" (2005), co-wrote "Tell Them Who You Are" and "Me and My Matchmaker" with Wexler.
Mark Luethi, co-producer of "How to Live Forever" and associate producer of "Tell Them Who You Are", is currently a freelance photographer.
Stephen Dypiangco, Producer of Marketing and Distribution for 2011 Oscar-winner "God of Love", is also Producer of Marketing and Distribution for "How to Live Forever".
Synopsis.
Filmmaker Mark Wexler is not going down without a fight. Overwhelmed by the loss of his mother and confronted by his own advancing age, Wexler embarks on a curious, lively, and sometimes troubling worldwide trek to investigate what it really means to live forever.
Wexler’s search takes him to the places where people live the longest: from Okinawa, Japan to Iceland. He journeys to Las Vegas to attend a convention for funeral directors, and the Ms. Senior America Pageant. He contemplates a future in cold storage at the Alcor Life Extension Foundation cryonics facility in Arizona. Wexler even receives exercise tips from Jack LaLanne, hormone replacement advice from Suzanne Somers, and promises of eternal life from biogerontologist Aubrey de Grey.
But whose advice should he take? Does Buster Martin, a chain-smoking, beer-drinking centenarian marathon-runner have all the answers? What about elder-porn star Shigeo Tokuda? The more Wexler travels into the strange worlds of Laughter Yoga, calorie restriction, and old-fashioned religion, the less sure he becomes of his goal. Can it be that life’s true meaning is found in the humble chili dog?
Wexler contrasts unusual characters and philosophies with the insights of health, fitness and life-extension experts in his engaging new documentary. The film challenges our notions of youth and aging with comic poignancy. Begun as a study of prolonging life, "How To Live Forever" evolves into a fun and provocative examination of life’s deepest mystery.
Featuring.
All of the following people are featured in "How to Live Forever" :

</doc>
<doc id="30919186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30919186" title="Washington County Courthouse (Iowa)">
Washington County Courthouse (Iowa)

The Washington County Courthouse in Washington, Iowa, United States was built in 1887. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the third building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
History.
Washington County’s first courthouse was an 18 by 28 foot frame building built in 1759. It was used as a school house and church as well as a courthouse. The second courthouse was built in 1847. The present courthouse was built for $75,000 in 1887. It was constructed of locally made bricks and was trimmed in stone. The clock tower on the southwest corner of the building holds a bell that is made of bronze, tin and brass.

</doc>
<doc id="30919192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30919192" title="Phosphatidylcholine transfer protein">
Phosphatidylcholine transfer protein

Phosphatidylcholine transfer protein (PCTP) also known as StAR-related lipid transfer domain protein 2 (STARD2) is a specific intracellular phospholipid binding protein that can transfer phosphatidylcholine between different membranes in the cytosol.
In humans, phosphatidylcholine transfer protein is encoded by the "PCTP" gene.
Function.
PCTP transfers phosphatidylcholine molecules between membranes "in vitro". Further studies found that sensitivity to phosphatidylcholine levels causes PCTP to interact with select enzymes, promoting their activation. PCTP stimulates the acyl-CoA thioesterase activity of thioesterase superfamily member 2 (Them2)/acyl-CoA thioesterase 13 (ACOT13) and the activity of homeodomain transcription factor paired box gene 3 (PAX3). Protein kinase C phosphorylation promotes localization of PCTP to the mitochondrion where it may activate Them2.
Structure.
This soluble protein is 214 amino acids long. It is almost entirely composed of a StAR-related transfer domain (START). X-ray crystallography shows that this domain forms a pocket that can bind a single molecule of phosphatidylcholine.
This protein also founds the StarD2 subfamily of proteins. This subfamily consists of PCTP, StarD7, StarD10 and collagen type IV alpha-3-binding protein or StarD11, all of which bind phosphatidylcholine except for StarD11 which prefers ceramide.
Tissue distribution and pathology.
PCTP is produced in all tissues in the body at various levels. The protein is expressed at high levels in tissues engaged in high metabolism, notably including the liver and macrophages.
No human patients with defects in PCTP have been described to date. Mice lacking PCTP exhibit a resistance to atherosclerosis linked to changes in plasma lipid levels and changes in body weight linked to the level of brown fat use of fatty acids and Them2 activity. Loss of PCTP in fasting mice alters the sensitivity of the liver to insulin, reducing glucose and free fatty acid levels.

</doc>
<doc id="30919195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30919195" title="Gold (Parliament album)">
Gold (Parliament album)

Gold is a two CD compilation by the Funk band Parliament. The album was released by Universal Music in 2005. It essentially updates the 1993 compilation "Tear the Roof Off 1974–1980". There are slight differences between "Gold" and "Tear the Roof Off". First, "Gold" presents the songs in chronological order. "Gold" also uses shorter versions the tracks "Fantasy Is Reality" and "Agony Of Defeet." "Gold" also uses remastered versions of all tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="30919201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30919201" title="Mikhail Klimov">
Mikhail Klimov

Mikhail Mikhailovich Klimov (Russian: Михаил Михайлович Климов; November 20, 1880July 9, 1942) was a notable Russian stage and film actor. From 1909 to 1940 Klimov was a leading actor of the Maly theatre. During the 1920s and 1930s he was also a popular film actor, he usually played roles of the main hero's antagonists.

</doc>
<doc id="30919204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30919204" title="Frederick C. Tillis">
Frederick C. Tillis

Frederick Charles Tillis, PhD (born January 5, 1930), is an American composer, jazz saxophonist, poet, and music educator at the collegiate level.
Early life.
Growing up.
Born in Galveston, Texas on January 5, 1930, Frederick Tillis was raised by his mother, Zelma Bernice Gardner, "" Tillis (1913–2004), and his stepfather, General Gardner, and his maternal grandparents, Willie Tillis and Jessie Tillis-Hubbard (1893–1979).
His first musical experiences were courtesy of his mother, who played piano and sang to him as a child. Later, at George Washington Carver Elementary School, Tillis decided to join the school's drum and bugle corps. As he became more proficient on trumpet, Tillis found his first professional job as a musician in jazz bands when he was twelve years old, earning him the nickname "Baby Tillis". Tillis' band director at Central Side High School, Fleming S. Huff, suggested that he start playing the saxophone.
Post secondary education.
In 1946, Tillis was accepted at Wiley College on a music scholarship, and thus became the first person in his family to receive a college education. He graduated from Wiley in 1949 with a B.A. in music, accepting the position of college band director there almost immediately. He also married fellow Wiley music major Louise at this time. They moved from Texas in 1951 so that Tillis could attend the University of Iowa for graduate music studies. At this time, he also decided to volunteer in the United States Air Force at the outbreak of the Korean War, and became director of the 356th Air Force Band. He later went back to get his PhD under the GI Bill at University of North Texas College of Music, but then returned to the University of Iowa to finish his doctoral studies.
Career as educator and composer.
Completing his PhD in 1963, Tillis then held a succession of academic positions at Wiley College, Grambling College, and Kentucky State University. In 1970, Randolph Bromery recruited Tillis to the faculty of the University of Massachusetts Amherst, and he and his family moved to Massachusetts. Joining the faculty as an associate professor of music, Tillis eventually held many faculty and administrative positions during his tenure at the University of Massachusetts. He retired in 1997, but still holds the title of Professor Emeritus in the Department of Music and Dance. Tillis serves as Director Emeritus of the University Fine Arts Center and Director of the Jazz in July Workshops in Improvisation at the University of Massachusetts Amherst.
Tillis had been writing music since the age of twenty, and was influenced by Schoenberg, Bach, Prokofiev, Mussorgsky, African-American composers, and world music. Some of Tillis' more notable compositions include "A Symphony of Songs", a choral/orchestral work based on poems by Wallace Stevens and commissioned by The Hartford Chorale, Inc. (1999); "A Festival Journey" (1992), and "Ring Shout Concerto" (1974), for percussion, written for Max Roach; and "Concerto for Piano" (Jazz Trio) and symphony orchestra (1983) written for Billy Taylor. Tillis has also written several books of poetry, as well as the textbook "Jazz Theory and Improvisation".

</doc>
<doc id="30919236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30919236" title="Hessilhead Loch">
Hessilhead Loch

Hessilhead Loch or Hazelhead Loch was situated in a low lying area near the old Castle of Hessilhead in the Parish of Beith, North Ayrshire, Scotland. The old loch, used in the defence of the castle, was probably infilled when the castle ruins were landscaped in the 19th century.
History.
Defensive use.
In 1956 the Royal Commission recorded that "Hessilhead Castle has been demolished. Extensive quarrying around the site has removed any possible traces of a moat. No building vestiges remain." The drainage from the quarry does use what was once a moat Timothy Pont in around 1604 records that the castle was protected by substantial ditches and stood on a loch. This loch has long since been drained and the ditches filled in. Dobie sees the loch and ditches as the only defensive features of the site.
The Kilmarnock Standard in 1949 wrote an article "Ancient Ayrshire Castles" in which it was stated that the castle stood in the middle of a loch "with ditches", presumably meaning a moat.
Drainage.
The loch's drainage may have begun in the early 18th century when Alexander Montgomerie, 10th Earl of Eglinton, was pursuing a number of agricultural improvements on his extensive estates and other landowners followed his example. Further drainage work may have taken place in the 1740s as part of the improvements undertaken to provide employment for Montgomerie Irish estate workers during the Irish potato famines of the 1740s and the mid 19th centuries.
Curling Pond.
The OS map of 1911-12 shows that a curling pond was excavated on part of the old loch site. This pond was abandoned by 1958 as it is no longer shown.
Cartographic evidence.
Blaeu's map of 1654, dating from Timothy Pont's survey of circa 1604, clearly shows the loch and indicates that it and the outflow nearly surrounded the castle site. Roy's map of 1747 shows the loch present, situated on the edge of an inflow burn. Armstrong's map of 1775 and Thomson's map of 1832 do not record a loch.
The 19th century Ordnance Survey maps show the site as an area free of trees and later (1911–12) as the site of a curling pond. In 2011 the drainage here remains inadequate and the area is dominated by marsh plants.

</doc>
<doc id="30919257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30919257" title="Blackhawks–Blues rivalry">
Blackhawks–Blues rivalry

The Blackhawks–Blues rivalry features two teams in the Central Division of the NHL, the Chicago Blackhawks and St. Louis Blues. Since , the two teams have been in the same division together. It is the most intense rivalry in terms of penalty minutes and fighting, and at the height of the rivalry during the Norris Division days, it was common to go to a Chicago vs. St. Louis game and see a brawl break out.
Since the move of the Detroit Red Wings to the Eastern Conference, this rivalry is considered the top divisional rivalry for both teams.
Background.
The Blackhawks are an Original Six team, while the Blues entered play in the 1967 expansion. The long-standing bitter rivalry between sports fans from Chicago and St. Louis, which are separated by 300 miles, as seen in the Cardinals–Cubs rivalry in Major League Baseball, has led to the Blackhawks and Blues to have an intense hatred for each other. The two teams have been in the same division since 1970 (Western 1970–74, Smythe 1974–81, Norris 1981–93, Central 1993–present). They also qualified for the playoffs together every season from 1980 to 1997. Every Norris Division Final from 1982 to 1993 involved either the Blackhawks or Blues, or both teams. The only year that neither team was in the division final was 1987, when the Detroit Red Wings faced the Toronto Maple Leafs.
The rivalry caught fire in the late 1980s and early 1990s, when both teams had well-known stars such as Jeremy Roenick, Chris Chelios and Ed Belfour for the Hawks and Brett Hull, Adam Oates and Curtis Joseph for the Blues and played in old arenas (St. Louis Arena and Chicago Stadium) that were regarded as two of the loudest in the league. In fact, both were built in 1929. In 1994, both teams moved into new buildings. The Blackhawks moved across the street to the United Center, while the Blues moved into the Kiel Center.
All six Sutter Brothers would either play for the Blackhawks or Blues. In fact, both Sutter left wingers Darryl and Brian has spent the entire careers with Chicago and St. Louis respectively. They would also become head coaches for the teams that they played. Brian Sutter would also coach the Blackhawks for a short time. He won the Jack Adams Award with the Blues in 1991, and was the runner-up in 2002 with the Blackhawks. Duane, and Brent would also play and end their careers with the Blackhawks although they never played together with Chicago. Twins Ron and Rich would play together at one point with the Blues when Ron got traded in 1992. Also, Rich is the only Sutter brother to play for the Blackhawks and Blues. This often created a brother vs. brother match-up not only in the playoffs, but as well in the season division battles that both teams got involved in.
Notable moments.
One notable moment in the rivalry was the 1991 season. Both teams not only battled for the Norris Division, but the top seed in the Campbell Conference and Presidents' Trophy. It came down to the wire on the last day of the season when the Blackhawks took all 3 crowns by a point with a win against the Red Wings, even though the Blues won their last game. St. Louis sat in the 2nd overall spot in the entire NHL with 105 points, while Chicago had 106 points. Both teams were expected to meet in the Norris Division Final. But the Minnesota North Stars upset the Blackhawks in the Semifinal and the Blues in the Final, making it the 2nd and 3rd largest upsets respectively in NHL history in points.
Perhaps the defining moment in that same season came in a brawl during the Blackhawks' 6–4 win over the Blues. The game became known as the "St. Patrick's Day Massacre" for the massive amount of fighting and penalties handed out to both teams, and the fact that it was held on St. Patricks day. In the game, the two teams, got into a brawl after Glen Featherstone shoved Jeremy Roenick after his hard hit on Harold Snepsts. Keith Brown shoved Featherstone, beginning a brawl. Twelve players, six on each team, were ejected, while there was a total of 278 penalty minutes. After reviewing the tapes, the NHL suspended Blues defenseman Scott Stevens for two games, and Hawks Mike Peluso and Blues Kelly Chase each for 10 games and fined both teams $10,000 each.
The following year in the Norris Division Semifinal: The Sutter Brothers squared off in this playoff series. Twins Ron, and Rich were on the Blues as players, while Brian was the head coach. While the Blackhawks had Brent as the player, Darryl was the Assistant coach of the team, and Duane was a scout. Although the Blues took the first two out of the three games the Blackhawks would win the rest of the series which began a playoff streak of 11 straight games, and their run to the 1992 Stanley Cup Finals.
The Blues finally got revenge on the Hawks after 3 playoff defeats in 4 years; They swept the Hawks in overtime by Craig Janney. Belfour, who said he had been interfered with on the goal by Janney, went on to cause thousands of dollars' worth of damage to the visitors' dressing room at the Arena, breaking a coffeemaker, hot tub and television among other objects.
The Blackhawks and Blues were also fierce rivals in the Norris Division along with the Minnesota North Stars, a three-way rivalry that was among the most heated, if not the most heated, in the NHL. In fact, it could have been argued that all five members of the classic Norris Division (Chicago, St. Louis, Minnesota, Detroit, and Toronto) were mortal enemies. It was renewed in 2013, when the Minnesota Wild and Dallas Stars moved into the Central Division.
Recent developments.
With the rise of the Hawks and Blues back into prominence in the early 2010s, the rivalry heated up once again. The Hawks beat the Blues in the opening round of the 2014 Playoffs 4–2.

</doc>
<doc id="30919289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30919289" title="Henry of Treviso">
Henry of Treviso

Blessed Henry of Treviso (; ) (died 1315), also known as Henry of Bolzano or Blessed Rigo, was a lay pilgrim and holy man, a German from Bolzano (Bozen), who established himself in Treviso after the death of his wife and son. There he lived in extreme poverty, subsisting on alms, the excess of which he distributed among the poor.
His death was accompanied by "a popular outpouring of emotion" and he was declared the patron saint of Treviso as early as 1316, just one year after his death. In 1317 the commune tried and failed to obtain official ecclesiastical sanction for his cult. A Trevisan priest, Count Rambaldo degli Azzoni Avogari, published a hagiography of him in 1760.

</doc>
<doc id="30919293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30919293" title="Peder Valentin Rosenkilde">
Peder Valentin Rosenkilde

Peder Valentin Rosenkilde (1772 – 1836) was a Norwegian merchant and politician. He represented Stavanger at the Norwegian Constituent Assembly at Eidsvoll in 1814. He was later also a member of the Parliament of Norway.
His house in Stavanger, built in 1811, was the largest private living house in Stavanger at the time. He was awarded the Danish Order of the Dannebrog.

</doc>
<doc id="30919307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30919307" title="Pensions in France">
Pensions in France

Pensions in France fall into five major divisions; 
Non-contributory Minimum Pension.
This minimum pension (Allocation de Solidarité aux Personnes Âgées or Minimum Vieillesse in French) is the first level of the 1st Pillar of the French pension system. It is a non contributory pension introduced in 1956.
It is targeted at people between 60 and 65 years old who have not been in paid work either for health reasons or because they were carers. It is available to both French and foreign citizens residing in France legally.
In order to qualify a single person must have less than €7,635 and €13,374 for a couple.
In 2010 the annual pension amounts to €8,507 for a single person and €13,890 for a couple.
Amounts paid can be recovered by the state at the death of the beneficiary if the inheritance left is over €39,000.
Mandatory state pension Provision.
The mandatory state pension is an unfunded contributory pension based on redistribution of contributions from those working to those in retirement. The scheme aims to provide up to a maximum of 50% of the retiree's income during their highest earning years up to a limit of €35,000 annually (in 2010). 
The state scheme is financed by a payroll tax known as "social security contributions". The rate in 2013 is 15.15% (8.4% for employer and 6.75% for the employee) of pay up to the social security contribution ceiling of € 37,032, and 1.7% (1.6% for the employer and 0.1% for the employee) on the remainder of the salary.
Management of the scheme is the responsibility of the Caisse Nationale d'Assurance Viellesse (National Old-age Insurance Bank).
Mandatory Occupational Pension Provision.
The mandatory occupational pension is a defined contribution scheme that is mainly based on redistribution, but also has elements of investment. The aim of the schemes is to supplement the state pension increasing income of retirees from the 50% level to between 70% and 80%.
There are several schemes, the main ones being:
– Arrco (for non-managers)
– Agirc (for managers)
– Ircantec (for civil servants)
One third of this contribution is paid by the employee and the other two thirds by the employer. 
The schemes pay out based on a points system. The schemes are managed so that they are non-loss making. Surpluses are invested in the financial markets and are maintained as a reserve fund. This reserve fund amounts to approximately €50 billion in 2010.
Voluntary Private Provision.
Collective Plans.
The collective retirement savings plans (plan d'épargne pour la retraite collectif) were introduced by Francois Fillon in 2006. They are company plans that enable employees to get tax credits when they contribute to these funds. 
Employee contributions are strictly regulated. The following is a list of the sources of funds that may be used to contribute tax-free to these funds:
All the contributions (employee and employer) are not considered as income for income tax purposes. At retirement the capital is not taxable (income tax), however the annuities are taxable as income.
Individual Plans.
The popular retirement plans (plan d'épargne retraite populaire) were created in 2004. 10% of annual income may be invested tax free in these individual funds.
Pensions Reserve Fund.
The Pensions Reserve Fund (Fonds de réserve pour les retraites) was set up in July 2001 with the aim of using funds from privatisations of state holdings to finance the future shortfall of the state PAYG system. The target was to create a fund totaling €150 billion by 2020. As of September 2010, the total funds managed by the fund amounted to €35.7 billion.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="30919365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30919365" title="Śajvo">
Śajvo

Śajvo (Glow) is one of the oldest bookstores in the center of Kiev, the capital of Ukraine. It is located at the address: Str. Velyka Vasyľkivśka, 6. In late 2009 and early 2010 it stood at the center of media attention because of the scandal surrounding its privatization.
History.
1944 st. Volodymyr, 44, in Kiev, liberated from German occupation, opened a small bookstore with the assistance Litfondu USSR. After some time, namely 1961, in connection with the extension bookstore was transferred to a new address: ul. Red Army (now - Vasyľkivśka), 6. Within the walls of the bookstore readings performed such leading figures of Ukrainian literature, as Ostap Vyshnya, Maksym Rylsky and Pavlo Tychyna.
With the advent of independence (1990–1991 years) has changed ownership bookstore. The owner of a workers' collective. Further invectoriv were involved to repair the bookstore with the transfer of their ownership shares of stock. Bookshop worked with over 300 publishing houses in Ukraine and was owned by LLC Book supermarket.
Present.
Bookstore at the center of a scandal surrounding its controversial privatization in late 2009 to early 2010. Currently bookstore suffered destruction and does not work. Ownership after the auction was transferred to the bookstore LLC Abriľ studios, which passed the bookstore for rent Ukrainian book. The ensuing struggle between the two owners, who as judicial red tape, continues today. NGO Kiev undertake initiatives against the termination of its activities.
February 21, 2011 at 12:00 am at the walls of the bookstore will be action of civil disobedience "bookstore" Glow "- the last barricade of Ukrainian culture!".

</doc>
<doc id="30919391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30919391" title="Izzy Hoffman">
Izzy Hoffman

Harry C. Hoffman (1875–1942) was a Major League Baseball outfielder who played for the Washington Senators in 1904 and the Boston Doves in 1907.

</doc>
<doc id="30919399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30919399" title="Murat İbrahim Uslu">
Murat İbrahim Uslu

Murat İbrahim Uslu (17 July 1978) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Adıyamanspor.

</doc>
<doc id="30919404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30919404" title="Anaang language">
Anaang language

Anaang (Annang), also known as Western Ibibio, is the native language of the Anaang people of Nigeria.

</doc>
<doc id="30919444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30919444" title="Madison Green (New York City)">
Madison Green (New York City)

Madison Green is a 31-story, 424-unit condominium apartment building located on the corner of East 23rd Street and Broadway, across from Madison Square, in the Flatiron District neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City. The building's street address is 5 East 22nd Street.
The site was the location of a 5-alarm fire in October 1966 in which 12 firefighters died, the FDNY's worst loss of life prior to the 9-11 attacks. The property was owned by the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, which failed to find a buyer for a decade. In the mid-1970s, when the neighborhood – known now as the Flatiron District – was at its nadir, it was announced that an apartment building would be built on the site, but the building was not actually constructed until 1982, signalling a change in the area's fortunes.
The building was designed by Philip Birnbaum, with interior public spaces designed by David Kenneth Spector.

</doc>
<doc id="30919481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30919481" title="Victor Riddell">
Victor Riddell

Victor Horsley Hume Riddell (23 July 1905 – 9 August 1976) was an English cricketer. Riddell was a right-handed batsman who fielded primarily as a wicket-keeper. He was born in Hermeston Hall, Yorkshire and was educated at Clifton College.
Riddell played two Minor Counties Championship matches for Devon in 1924 against the Surrey Second XI and Berkshire. Two years later he made his first-class debut for Cambridge University against Lancashire. He played four further first-class matches in 1926 for the University, the last of which came against Oxford University. In his 5 first-class matches, Riddell scored 48 runs at a batting average of 8.00, with a high score of 13*. Behind the stumps he took three catches and made three stumpings.
He died in Stratford-on-Avon, Warwickshire on 9 August 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="30919583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30919583" title="Reform New Zealand">
Reform New Zealand

Reform New Zealand was a centre-right liberal conservative or classical liberal political party in New Zealand. The party was established by dissatisfied members of ACT New Zealand, and advocates similar policies of low taxation, privatisation, and reduced government. The party never registered on any opinion polls, named its party leadership, or confirmed its organizational details. While claiming that it planned to contest the 2011 election it never attempted to register with the New Zealand Electoral Commission and did not stand any candidates.
It listed its policies as opposition to the current Key administration's seabed and foreshore compromise legislation which was designed to placate National's alternative coalition partner, the Maori Party; restoration of the Employment Contracts Act anti-union industrial relations legislation of the nineties; climate change denial; and sharp reduction in public sector employment through asset sale privatization, as well as reduction of social welfare expenditure.

</doc>
<doc id="30919604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30919604" title="Papa Alioune Diouf">
Papa Alioune Diouf

Papa Alioune Diouf (born 22 June 1989 in Dakar, Senegal) is a Senegalese footballer who currently plays for Kalmar FF.
Diouf earned his first cap with Senegal as a substitute in a friendly against the Mexico on 10 May 2010.
Career.
Early career.
Papa Diouf started his career at Touré Kunda, before moved to Dakar Université Club in 2009.
On 20 February 2011, the Bulgarian Litex Lovech confirmed Diouf has joined on loan until the end of the season. He made his A PFG debut on 27 February, coming on as a 52nd-minute substitute for Dejan Djermanović in the 3–0 victory over Minyor Pernik; he then scored his first goal for the club 38 minutes later.
Kalmar FF.
On 20 September 2011 Swedish club Kalmar FF confirmed that they had reached a deal with Dakar UC regarding Diouf, as of 1 January 2012 he would go on a 6 month loan to Kalmar, together with Archieford Gutu from Dynamos Harare, Zimbabwe. On 14 March Kalmar FF announced that they had decided to purchase both Gutu and Diouf before Allsvenskan had started.

</doc>
<doc id="30919620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30919620" title="Peter Ulrik Magnus Hount">
Peter Ulrik Magnus Hount

Peter Ulrik Magnus Hount (1769 – 1815) was a Norwegian priest and politician. He represented Smaalenene at the Norwegian Constituent Assembly at Eidsvoll in 1814, and was a member of the Parliament of Norway in 1815. He was decorated Knight of the Swedish Order of the Polar Star in 1815.

</doc>
<doc id="30919632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30919632" title="Product Intelligence">
Product Intelligence

Product intelligence is defined as an automated system for gathering and analyzing intelligence about the performance of a product being designed and manufactured, such that this data is automatically fed back to the product managers and engineers designing the product, to assist them in the development of the next iteration or version of that product. The goal of product intelligence is to accelerate the rate of product innovation, thereby making the product and its owners more competitive. Product intelligence is usually applied to electronic products, but it is not necessarily limited to electronic products. 
Key points of this definition:
Product intelligence can also include two additional functions:
History.
In 2002, Averna Technologies Inc. began using the term product intelligence to describe the ground-breaking functionality of its Proligent™ software, which at that time, was an add-on software product to National Instruments NI TestStand test management software, which is designed to help test engineers develop automated test and validation systems faster.
The Proligent product name was derived by combining the words product and intelligence. In 2006, Averna made available a developer’s toolkit so that test engineers could integrate the Proligent software directly to any test station using Proligent’s API, thereby broadening the Proligent customer base.
In 2009, Averna expanded the functionality of its Proligent product to include automated versioning and configuration management as well as quality enforcement capabilities. In 2011, Averna decoupled the business intelligence portion of Proligent, so that its highly specialized business intelligence solution could be integrated directly to any test database used by electronics manufacturers.

</doc>
<doc id="30919639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30919639" title="Zlatko Kostić">
Zlatko Kostić

Zlatko Kostić (; born 9 August 1973) is a retired football player who played as a midfielder for clubs in Yugoslavia, Spain and Greece. He is now a manager.
Playing career.
Born in Titograd, Kostić began his career playing for local side FK Budućnost Podgorica. in 1995, he would join Spanish Segunda División side Écija Balompié for two seasons. The club were relegated to the Segunda División B following the 1996–97 season, and he returned to Budućnost Podgorica. In 1999, Kostić joined Greek Superleague side Panachaiki F.C. for six months. He returned again to Budućnost Podgorica, where he would finish his playing career.
Managerial career.
After his playing career ended, Kostić became a football manager. He leads Montenegrin First League side OFK Bar.

</doc>
<doc id="30919642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30919642" title="Oath of Maimonides">
Oath of Maimonides

The Oath of Maimonides is a traditional oath for physicians attributed to Maimonides. It is not to be confused with the more lengthy Prayer of Maimonides. It is often used as an alternative to the Hippocratic Oath.
The oath.
"The eternal providence has appointed me to watch over the life and health of Thy creatures. May the love for my art actuate me at all time; may neither avarice nor miserliness, nor thirst for glory or for a great reputation engage my mind; for the enemies of truth and philanthropy could easily deceive me and make me forgetful of my lofty aim of doing good to Thy children.
May I never see in the patient anything but a fellow creature in pain.
Grant me the strength, time and opportunity always to correct what I have acquired, always to extend its domain; for knowledge is immense and the spirit of man can extend indefinitely to enrich itself daily with new requirements. Today he can discover his errors of yesterday and tomorrow he can obtain a new light on what he thinks himself sure of today. 
Oh, God, Thou has appointed me to watch over the life and death of Thy creatures; here am I ready for my vocation and now I turn unto my calling."

</doc>
<doc id="30919679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30919679" title="Gandhila">
Gandhila

The Gandhila sometimes pronounced as Gandhil and Gandola, are a Hindu caste found in North India. They have scheduled caste status in Punjab and Haryana. 
Origin.
According to the traditions of the community, they descend from a Rajput by the name of Sabal Singh. He was killed fighting in the forces of the Sultanate of Delhi, and his family were driven out by his enemies. They were then forced to take menial jobs, such as rearing donkeys. The word Gandhila is said to mean a donkey rearer. The Gandhila are found mainly in Ambala District, and speak Haryanvi. In Uttar Pradesh, the Gandhila are found mainly in Meerut and Muzaffarnagar districts. They speak Hindi with outsiders, but have their own dialect. In Punjab, the Gandhila are found mainly Jalandhar and Patiala districts. The Punjab Gandhila trace their descent from two brothers, Sambal Singh and Ajit Mal, both of whom were Chauhan Rajputs. On their defeat at the hand of the Mughal Emperor Babar, the two brothers took an oath not to sleep on a bed or eat with silver utensils until the Mughals were defeated. They then fled to the jungle, where the Gandhila were helped by the Bangali, another jungle nomad tribe. The Bangalis suggested that the Chauhans take up raising donkeys. The community thus became known as "gadhewalas" or donkey keepers, which was eventually corrupted to Gadhila. In the Colonial period, Gandhila were listed under the Criminal Tribes Act, 1871, as being a tribe "addicted to the systematic commission of non-bailable offences.
Present circumstances.
The Gandhila are strictly endogamous, and prefer marrying close kin. They are Hindus, but have no particular tribal deity. Their customs are similar to other Hindus.
The traditional occupation of the Gandhila is making brooms from palm leaves. However, a majority of the Gandhila are now day labourers, with many working in the construction industry. A small number have been given land as part of government schemes to settle the community. But these plots are extremely small, and most supplement their income by working as agricultural labourers. In Uttar Pradesh, they were victims of a system known as "chautha", which is a form of sharecropping, where they have to hand over a fourth of their produce to the landowner.
Most live in multi-caste villages, often working for Jat or Brahmin patrons. They are an extremely marganalized community, suffering from severe poverty.
In Punjab, the Gandhila speak their own language called Pasto, although most also speak Punjabi.

</doc>
<doc id="30919694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30919694" title="Eucalyptus kartzoffiana">
Eucalyptus kartzoffiana

Eucalyptus kartzoffiana, the Araluen Gum is seldom noticed eucalyptus of south eastern Australia. A mid to large tree, sometimes reaching 30 metres in height. The tree features bluish juvenile leaves. A rare species, with a ROTAP rating of 2VCi, with a most restricted distribution. The small populations are threatened by clearing and road works. 
The original specimen was collected by Lawrie Johnson in 1968, 6.5 kilometres north of Araluen on the Braidwood road. The habitat is grassy woodland by streams on granite based soils of a moderate fertility. It is quite common in these few sites.
Description.
Bark is a rough fawn/grey colour, above is smooth pale grey bark. Juvenile leaves without stalks, opposite on the stem, broad to round of a glaucous bluish colour. Adult leaves are alternate on the stem, 20 x 2 cm long. The same colour green above and below the leaf. A leaf vein travels around the margin of the leaf, a millimetre from the edge. The leaf stalk is flattened. Flowers form in threes. Gumnuts are bell-shaped, around 0.7 by 0.7 cm in diameter.

</doc>
<doc id="30919695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30919695" title="Merter Yüce">
Merter Yüce

Merter Yüce (born 18 February 1985) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Akhisar Belediyespor.

</doc>
<doc id="30919776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30919776" title="Best Love Song">
Best Love Song

"Best Love Song" is a R&B-pop song performed by R&B artist T-Pain. The song features Chris Brown, and was released as the first official single from his fourth studio album, "RevolveЯ", on March 22, 2011. The song was featured in the pilot of The CW TV series "Hart of Dixie".
Background.
The song serves as the first official single from "RevolveЯ", following the release of the singles "Take Your Shirt Off", "Rap Song", and "Reverse Cowgirl", which were billed as promotional singles. The song originally featured R&B artist Akon. The song also has background vocals from R&B group One Chance, Jon A. Gordon, Michael A. Gordon (The Gordon Brothers)
The song, along with another track from RevolveR, "Separated", was first released to the public by T-Pain himself on February 7, 2011, via Twitter. T-Pain leaked the song himself on Twitter as a response to poor-quality rips of his upcoming music being leaked to the Internet, stating: "Since nobody wants to respect this form of art that you all say we 'love' so much, I'm just gonna go ahead and start leakin the album myself tonight". The song was then officially released as a single in digital download format on March 22, 2011.
Critical reception.
IGN editor Chad Grichow panned the song: "The only uptempo tune it becomes a hindrance on is "Best Love Song", where Chris Brown and T-Pain make the terrible decision to attempt harmony. The combination of T-Pain's electro-wave vocals and Brown's smooth voice is the sound of soul flat lining." Jon Caramanica of THe New York TImes compared this song: "T-Pain also makes implicit arguments for himself in the lineage of R&B superhits: “Best Love Song” nods to Rihanna’s “Umbrella,” and “Bang Bang Pow Pow,” with its drunken strings, feels like a homage to Sisqo’s “Thong Song.” Jesse Cataldo praised wrote that "T-Pain can still pull in big names but can't provide interesting atmospheres for them to work in."
Music video.
On May 25, 2011, the official music video for "Best Love Song" was released via VEVO The music video depicts T-Pain and Chris Brown battling against each other to impress a certain girl who also appears in the video.But at the end she goes with another guy. The concept of the video, as well as the battle sequences depicted in the video, is a direct reference to the "battle of the bands" segment from the 2010 film "Scott Pilgrim vs. the World".

</doc>
<doc id="30919782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30919782" title="Jacques-Pierre-Louis Puthod">
Jacques-Pierre-Louis Puthod

Jacques-Pierre-Louis-Marie-Joseph Puthod, Viscount, (born 28 September 1769 in Bâgé-le-Châtel, died 31 March 1837 in Libourne) was a French soldier of the French Revolutionary Wars who rose to the rank of General and who subsequently took part to the Napoleonic Wars, rising to the top military rank of General of Division.
Revolutionary Wars.
Puthod enlisted as a volunteer in the "Couronne-Infanterie" regiment in 1785, during the Ancien Régime, rising to rank of Sub-Lieutenant in the "Gendarmes-Dauphin" company two years later. He then fought in the defense of Lille in 1792, before being sent to serve in the "Army of the Rhine". While serving in the "Army of Italy", he knew sudden advancement when General Jacques MacDonald named him Brigadier General on 17 July 1799. Puthod later distinguished himself at the passage of the Danube and at the Battle of Höchstädt.
Napoleonic Wars and beyond.
It took seven years before Puthod was given his next significant command, which came in 1807, when he was named at the helm of a Baden brigade. In 1808, with the outbreak of the Peninsular War, Puthod was sent to Spain, where he led his troops very well at the battle of Espinosa, becoming a General of Division before the end of that year. Called to serve in the War of the Fifth Coalition against Austria, Puthod was noted for his behaviour at the battle of Wagram and was subsequently assigned to the command of military divisions throughout France. A Baron of the Empire in 1810, he was recalled to active service in 1813 for the War of the Sixth Coalition, serving with distinction at battles such as Möckern, Bautzen or Katzbach, after which he was taken prisoner on 29 August. Following Napoleon's abdication, Puthod enjoyed the favours of the Bourbon Restoration, with Louis XVIII creating him a Viscount of France.
The name PUTHOD is one of the names inscribed under the Arc de Triomphe in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="30919797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30919797" title="Nørre Voldgade">
Nørre Voldgade

Nørre Voldgade (lit. "North Rampart Street") is a street in central Copenhagen, Denmark. It runs north-east from Jarmers Plads for approximately 600 metres to Gothersgade where it turns into Øster Voldgade. The succession of Nørre Voldgade, Øster Voldgade and Vester Voldgade together forms a traffic artery which arches around the Zealand side of the central and oldest part of Copenhagen. Nørreport Station, Denmark's busiest railway station, is located in the street.
History.
Nørre Voldgade was originally a narrow alley which ran along the city-side margin of the North Rampart in Copenhagen's Bastioned Fortification Ring. The Northn City Gate was first located at Nørregade but moved to Frederiksborggade in 1671.
The fortifications were decommissioned in 1867. Between 1878 and 1882, the street was expanded and renamed Nørre Boulevard.
In 1913, the street was dug up when the excavations for the Boulevard Line began. The line opened in 1917. The original Nørreport station consisted of a round building designed by DSB's head architect Heinrich Wenck on each side of Frederiksborggade. They were demolished in 1932 and replaced by new buildings designed by K.T. Seest.
Current reconstruction.
The street is currently undergoing redevelopment in connection with a renovation of Nørreport Station. When the redevelopment is completed in 2014, car traffic will use two lanes on the northern side of the station while the area closest to the city centre will be used for other purposes.
Notable buildings and residents.
N. Zahle's School was founded by Natalie Zahle in 1851. The primary school (No. 7) was designed by Frederik Bøttger and built n 1877. The neighbouring N. Zahle's Gymnasium (No. 5) was originally an insurance company. It was built in 1875 to a design by Valdemar Ingemann and expanded with an extra floor by Rørbæk & Møller in 2012.
No. 12 is the former head office of Kastrup Glassworks. The building was designed by Phillip Smidth and built between 1892 and 1895. The Iron Manufacturers' House at No. 30 from 1904 was designed by Gotfred Tvede. The building with the rounded corner at No. 32–34 is from 1939 and was designed by Povl Baumann. No. 50 is from 1828 and has since 1900 been part of the theatre Folketeatret whose main entrance is on Nørregade. The headquarters of the DaneAge Association is located at the corner of Nørre Voldgade and Nørregade. The building on the corner of Nørre Voldgade (No. 76) and Fiolstræde is the former Merchants' Academy, now Niels Brock Copenhagen Business College. It was designed by Valdemar and Bernhard Ingemann and opened in 1902.

</doc>
<doc id="30919815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30919815" title="Robert Mayer">
Robert Mayer

Robert Mayer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30919913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30919913" title="Odd L. Fosseidbråten">
Odd L. Fosseidbråten

Odd Lauritz Fosseidbråten (born 19 July 1946) is a Norwegian civil servant and diplomat.
He held the mag.art. degree (PhD equivalent) in political science and was hired in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1973. He served as Norway's ambassador to Singapore from 1992 to 1996, and was the permanent under-secretary of state in the Norwegian Ministry of Trade and Industry, the highest-ranking bureaucratic position, from 1997 to 1999. He served as Norway's ambassador to Tokyo from 1999 to 2003 and Sweden from 2003 to 2009.
In 2000 he was decorated as a Commander of the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav.

</doc>
<doc id="30919924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30919924" title="Rainbow Aerotrike">
Rainbow Aerotrike

The Rainbow Aerotrike is a family of South African two-seat ultralight trikes, made by Rainbow Aircraft of Edenvale, Gauteng and available in kit form for amateur construction or fully assembled. The type has been noted for its long distance flights.
Design and development.
The current Aerotrike series comprises two variants of the same basic design, the "Scout" and "Cobra". Both share the same basic design, including the two-seat carriage frame, suspension, steering and folding inverted "V" mast assembly. The Scout is equipped minimally, while the Cobra has many options as standard equipment, including a cockpit pod fairing, windshield, instrument panel, saddle bags and wheel pants.
Both models require 30-40 hours to assemble from the supplied kit.
Operational history.
The Aerotrike series were the choice of Mike Blyth for his record long distance flights. The first in 1995 was from Cape Town, South Africa to North Cape, Norway a distance of and the second was an around-the-world flight of .

</doc>
<doc id="30919985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30919985" title="Chris Bertram">
Chris Bertram

Chris Bertram is a former Assistant Secretary for Budget and Programs, and Chief Financial Officer, for the United States Department of Transportation. As Assistant Secretary, he was responsible for the Department's budget, which totaled over $70 billion per year. He also oversaw the financial and performance management of the 12 agencies within the Department. Until August 2009, Bertram was a senior professional staff member with the Senate Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. In that position, he was involved in developing legislation related to aviation, auto and highway safety, transportation security, pipelines, railroads, and fuel efficiency standards for automobiles. Prior to joining the Commerce Committee, Bertram was the Federal Aviation Administration's Assistant Administrator for Financial Services and Chief Financial Officer. He has also served as Staff Director for the House of Representative's United States House Transportation Subcommittee on Highways and Transit, and in various positions at the Office of Management and Budget.

</doc>
<doc id="30919988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30919988" title="Manezhnaya Square, Saint Petersburg">
Manezhnaya Square, Saint Petersburg

Manezhnaya Square (, romanized "Manezhnaya ploschad") ia a square in the Tsentralny District of Saint Petersburg.
In some guidebooks this square may be also named a "Riding-School Square": "riding school" is one of the variants in which and may be translated.
The shape of Manezhnaya Square is close to the right-angled triangle. Its longest cathetus, the southern side of Manezhnaya Square is formed with "Italyanskaya Street", which runs parallel to Nevsky Prospect, at about hundred meters north of it. The shortest cathetus is "Karavannaya Street", which forms the eastern side of the square running from Nevky prospect to the north. Another street connecting the square to Nevsky is "Malaya Sadovaya" which intersects Italyanskaya Street at the western corner of the square. Here converges the third, longest side — the "hypotenuse" of this triangle square. Driveways flanking one of the buildings on this side of the square merge behind it into boulevard, "Klenovaya alley", which runs from Manezhnaya Square to Mikhailovsky Castle.

</doc>
<doc id="30920065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30920065" title="Hawaii International Conference on Education">
Hawaii International Conference on Education

The Hawaii International Conference on Education (HICE) is an annual conference for Education academics and professionals currently sponsored by Pepperdine University, The University of Louisville, California State University, East Bay, and New Horizons in Education. The conference provides a platform for panel discussions and the presentation of peer-reviewed education research papers. Papers selected for presentation appear in the "Proceedings of the Hawaii International Conference on Education", which have grown to constitute nearly 45,000 pages of refereed material in the 9-year history of the conference.
The first HICE took place in 2003. The conference now attracts over 1100 representatives from over 40 countries. 
HICE Conferences.
Past and future HICE conferences include:

</doc>
<doc id="30920073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30920073" title="1975 Pacific Cup">
1975 Pacific Cup

The 1975 Pacific Cup was the first edition of the Pacific Cup, a rugby league tournament held between Pacific teams. The tournament was hosted by Papua New Guinea and eventually won by the New Zealand Māori side, who defeated the hosts 38-13 in the final.
Background.
The 1975 Pacific Cup was initiated by the New South Wales Rugby League. The tournament involved two Australian state sides as well as Papua New Guinea, who did not yet have Test match status, and the New Zealand Māori.
The Northern Territory were invited to participate, but had to drop out after Darwin was devastated by Cyclone Tracey.

</doc>
<doc id="30920079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30920079" title="List of number-one singles of 2011 (Finland)">
List of number-one singles of 2011 (Finland)

This is the complete list of (physical and digital) number-one singles sold in Finland in 2011 according to the Official Finnish Charts. The list on the left side of the box ("Suomen virallinen singlelista", "the Official Finnish Singles Chart") represents both physical and digital track sales and the one on the right side ("Suomen virallinen latauslista", "the Official Finnish Download Chart") represents sales of digital tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="30920082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30920082" title="2011 Mundialito de Clubes">
2011 Mundialito de Clubes

The inaugural Mundialito de Clubes (or Club World Cup) is a beach soccer tournament that will take place at the Praia do Sol stadium at Represa de Guarapiranga, a reservoir located in São Paulo, Brazil from 19 – 26 March 2011. The stadium will have a seating capacity of 3,500 spectators.
Participating teams.
It was determined that ten teams, divided into two groups of five, will take part in the tournament:
It was originally speculated that the newly-reformed New York Cosmos of the United States would take part in the tournament and had been later replaced by Shakhtar Donetsk of the Ukraine. It was also speculated that Marseille of France would take part as well, but the final spot was disputed between them and Milan. It was also announced at the draw that an as-yet-undetermined fourth Brazilian team will round out the club roster at 10, which was later revealed as Santos.
Draft procedure.
On 21 February 2011, at two simultaneous cities (Barcelona, Spain and São Paulo, Brazil), the Official Draft took place, with each team selecting nine players each.
According to the draft procedure, the team representative of every Club is to attend that meeting in one of the two aforementioned venues, and he will be the responsible of picking the players for his squad. All Beach Soccer players can be potentially selected, and, just as it happens in great events for leagues such as the NBA, NHL or Major League Baseball, in order to set a balanced, competitive tournament, the Draft for the players’ election will follow some guidelines.
Players.
The 'Draft' followed the following criteria: three national players (chosen beforehand), three continental players (up two from the same country), a player UEFA / CONMEBOL (South America and Europe), a player from AFC / CAF / CONCACAF / OFC (Asia / Africa / North America and the Caribbean / Oceania) player and a 'national'.
Group stage.
The draw to divide the ten teams into the following two groups was conducted on 3 March 2011. The group stage commenced on 19 March 2011 and consisted of each team playing each other once in a single round-robin format.
All kickoff times are listed as local time in São Paulo, (UTC-3).
Knockout stage.
A draw was held after the group stage matches were completed to determine the quarterfinal pairings.

</doc>
<doc id="30920083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30920083" title="Credit channel">
Credit channel

The credit channel mechanism of monetary policy describes the theory that a central bank's policy changes affect the amount of credit that banks issue to firms and consumers for purchases, which in turn affects the real economy.
Credit channel versus conventional monetary policy transmission mechanisms.
Monetary policy transmission mechanisms describe how policy decisions are translated into effects on the real economy. Conventional monetary policy transmission mechanisms, such as the interest rate channel, focus on direct effects of monetary policy actions. The interest rate channel, for example, suggests that monetary policy makers use their leverage over nominal, short-term interest rates, such as the federal funds rate, to influence the cost of capital, and subsequently, purchases of durable goods and firm investment. Because prices are assumed to be sticky in the short-run, short-term interest rate changes affect the real interest rate. Changes in the real interest rate influence firm investment and household spending decisions on durable goods. These changes in investment and durable good purchases affect the level of aggregate demand and final production. 
By contrast, the credit channel of monetary policy transmission is an indirect amplification mechanism that works in tandem with the interest rate channel. The credit channel affects the economy by altering the amount of credit firms and/or households have access to in equilibrium. Factors that reduce the availability of credit reduce agents' spending and investment, which leads to a reduction in output. In short, the main difference between the interest rate channel and the credit channel mechanism is how spending and investment decisions change due to monetary policy changes.
How the credit channel works.
The credit channel view posits that monetary policy adjustments that affect the short-term interest rate are amplified by endogenous changes in the external finance premium. The external finance premium is a wedge reflecting the difference in the cost of capital internally available to firms (i.e. retaining earnings) versus firms' cost of raising capital externally via equity and debt markets. External financing is more expensive than internal financing and the external finance premium will exist so long as external financing is not fully collateralized. Fully collateralized financing implies that even under the worst-case scenario the expected payoff of the project is at least sufficient to guarantee full loan repayment. In other words, full collateralization means that the firm who borrows for the project has enough internal funds relative to the size of the project that the lenders assume no risk. Contractionary monetary policy is thought to increase the size of the external finance premium, and subsequently, through the credit channel, reduce credit availability in the economy.
The external finance premium exists because of frictions—such as imperfect information or costly contract enforcement—in financial markets. The frictions prohibit efficient allocation of resources and result in dead-weight cost. For example, lenders may incur costs, also known as agency costs, to overcome the moral hazard problem that arises when evaluating the credit worthiness of borrowers. Moral hazard in this context refers to the notion that borrowers who need access to credit may be those who are least likely to be able to repay their debts. Additionally, lenders may incur a monitoring cost regarding the productive uses to which the borrowers have put the borrowed funds. In other words, if the ability to repay a loan used to finance a project is dependent on the project's success—either 'good' or 'bad' for simplicity—borrowers may have the incentive to claim the project was 'bad'. If the true value of the project is only known to the borrower, the lender must incur a monitoring or auditing cost in order to reveal the true project returns and receive full re-payment.
The size of the external finance premium that results from these market frictions may be affected by monetary policy actions. The credit channel—or, equivalently, changes in the external finance premium—can occur through two conduits: the balance sheet channel and the bank lending channel. The balance sheet channel refers to the notion that changes in interest rates affect borrowers' balance sheets and income statements. The bank lending channel refers to the idea that changes in monetary policy may affect the supply of loans disbursed by depository institutions.
Balance sheet channel.
The balance sheet channel theorizes that the size of the external finance premium should be inversely related to the borrower's net worth. For example, the greater the net worth of the borrower, the more likely she may be to use self-financing as a means to fund investment. Higher net worth agents may have more collateral to put up against the funds they need to borrow, and thus are closer to being fully collateralized than low net worth agents. As a result, lenders assume less risk when lending to high net worth agents, and agency costs are lower. The cost of raising external funds should therefore be lower for high net worth agents. 
Since the quality of borrowers' financial positions affect the terms of their credit, changes in financial positions should result in changes to their investment and spending decisions. This idea is closely related to the financial accelerator. A basic model of the financial accelerator suggests that a firm's spending on a variable input cannot exceed the sum of gross cash flows and net discounted value of assets. This relationship is expressed as a "collateral-in-advance" constraint. An increase in interest rates will tighten this constraint when it is binding; the firm's ability to purchase inputs will be reduced. This can occur in two ways: directly, via increasing interest payments on outstanding debt or floating-rate debt, and decreasing the value of the firm's collateral through decreased asset-prices typically associated with increased interest rates (reducing the net discounted value of the firm's assets); and indirectly, by reducing the demand for a firm's products, which reduces the firm's revenue while its short-run fixed cost do not adjust (lowering the firm's gross cash flow). The reduction in revenue relative to costs erodes the firm's net worth and credit-worthiness over time.
The balance sheet channel can also manifest itself via consumer spending on durables and housing. These types of goods tend to be illiquid in nature. If consumers need to sell off these assets to cover debts they may have to sell at a steep discount and incur losses. Consumers who hold more liquid financial assets such as cash, stocks, or bonds can more easily cope with a negative shock to their income. Consumer balance sheets with large portions of financial assets may estimate their probability of becoming financially distressed as low and are more willing to spend on durable goods and housing. Monetary policy changes that decrease the valuation of financial assets on consumers' balance sheets can result in lower spending on consumer durables and housing.
Bank lending channel.
The bank lending channel theorizes that changes in monetary policy will shift the supply of intermediated credit, especially credit extended through commercial banks. The bank lending channel is essentially the balance sheet channel as applied to the operations of lending institutions. Monetary policy actions may affect the supply of loanable funds available to banks (i.e. a bank's liabilities), and consequently the total amount of loans they can make (i.e. a bank's assets). Banks serve to overcome informational problems in credit markets by acting as a screening agent for determining credit-worthiness. Thus many agents are dependent on banks to access credit markets. If the supply of loanable funds banks possess is affected by monetary policy changes, then so too should be the borrowers who are dependent on banks' funds for business operations. Firms reliant on bank credit may either be shut off from credit temporarily or incur additional search costs to find a different avenue through which to obtain credit. This will increase the external finance premium, consequently reducing real economic activity.
The bank lending channel presumes that monetary policy changes will drain bank deposits so long as banks cannot easily replace the short-fall in deposits by issuing other uninsured liabilities. The abolition of reserve requirements on certificates of deposit in the mid-1980s made it much easier for banks facing falling retail deposits to issue new liabilities not backed by reserve requirements. This is not to say that the bank lending channel is no longer relevant. On the contrary, the fact that banks can raise funds through liabilities that pay market interest rates exposes banks to an external finance premium as well. Forms of uninsured lending carry some credit risk relative to insured deposits. The cost of raising uninsured funds will reflect that risk, and will be more expensive for banks to purchase.
Empirical evidence.
The theory of a credit channel has been postulated as an explanation for a number of puzzling features of certain macroeconomic responses to monetary policy shocks, which the interest rate channel cannot fully explain. For example, Bernanke and Gertler (1995) describe 3 puzzles in the data:
Since the credit channel operates as an amplification mechanism alongside the interest rate effect, small monetary policy changes can have large effects if the credit channel theory holds. Asset price boom and bust patterns in the 1980s may have led to the subsequent real fluctuations observed in many advanced economies. It has also been found that small firms, who are credit constrained relative to larger firms, respond to cash flow squeezes by cutting production and employment. Large firms, by contrast, respond to cash flow squeezes by increasing their short-term borrowing. Moreover, this empirical result still holds when controlling for industry characteristics and financial criteria. Recent research at the Federal Reserve suggests that the bank lending channel manifests itself through the mortgage lending market as well. Monetary policy tightening may force banks to shift from retail deposits insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation to uninsured managed liabilities if they wish to continue financing mortgages. These sources of funding are more expensive than deposits, raising the bank's average funding costs. Banks who lend heavily in sub-prime communities will face higher external finance premiums because the risk from holding assets composed largely of subprime borrowers is relatively high. As a result, banks have to raise funds through instruments that offer higher interest payments. The empirical evidence suggests that banks that lend heavily in subprime communities and rely mostly on retail deposits reduce mortgage issuance relative to other banks in the face of a monetary contraction. No evidence was found of reductions in mortgage lending initiating from other banks who do not lend heavily in subprime communities or who do not rely heavily on retail deposits in response to monetary policy tightening.

</doc>
<doc id="30920111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30920111" title="Veronica perfoliata">
Veronica perfoliata

Veronica perfoliata known as Digger's Speedwell is a small plant found in high altitude areas in south-eastern Australia. Attractive purple flowers form in summer.
This species first appeared in the scientific literature in 1810, in the "Prodromus Florae Novae Hollandiae", authored by the prolific Scottish botanist, Robert Brown.

</doc>
<doc id="30920137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30920137" title="Jorabs">
Jorabs

Jorabs are ethnic multicolored socks with intricate patterns, knitted from the toe-up. They are usually worn in such a way as to display rich decoration.
Etymology.
The word "Jorabs" originates from Persian جوراب (jourab) which has a general meaning of “socks”. Other known variants of the term: “çorap” (Turkish), “чорап” (Bulgarian, Macedonian) “charape” (Serbian), “Corab” (Azerbaijani), “Čarapa” (Croatian), and “Ҷӯроб” (Tadzhik). 
The same concept is also known by such local terms as “kyulyutar” in Lezgin, “tturs” in Tsakhur, and “unq’al” in Avar languages of Dagestan.
Materials.
Jorabs are made of wool, silk, nylon or sometimes cotton. Other materials include acrylic and blends of wool and cotton.
Geography.
Jorabs are found in Central Asia (Turkmenistan, Tajikistan, and Afghanistan), Caucasus (Dagestan, Georgia, Azerbaijan, and Armenia); also in Iran, and mountain areas of Pakistan. They are also known in the Balkan countries: Albania, Bosnia, Bulgaria, Greece, Macedonia, Serbia, and Turkey.
England 
Shape.
Jorabs can be knee-high, regular length, ankle-length, or made as slippers. An early predecessor of jorabs, a knee-high 12th century sock with toe-up construction and intricate patterns, was found in Egypt with possible origin in India.
Tools.
Jorabs are usually knitted with 5 double-pointed needles. Bosnian and in old Tadzhik socks feature a combination of knitting and crochet techniques. Tadzhik jorabs (Pamirs area) can be made by using crochet technique only. Some ethnic groups from the Caucasus knit jorabs with 3 double-pointed bow-shaped needles.
Books.
Kenan Ozbel Knitted stockings from Turkish villages.
Priscilla Gibson-Roberts Ethnic Socks & Stockings: A Compendium of Eastern Design & Technique
Anna Zilboorg Simply Socks: 45 Traditional Turkish Patterns to Knit
Betsy Harrell Anatolian Knitting Designs: Sivas Stocking Patterns Collected in an Istanbul Shantytown
References.
Traditional Macedonian Costumes
Bulgarian ethnic socks
From Carpets to Jourabs
Silk socks from Kurdistan
Azerbaijan Carpets
Balkan Socks

</doc>
<doc id="30920147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30920147" title="Year of the Rat (play)">
Year of the Rat (play)

Year of the Rat is a play by Roy Smiles about a (fictional) encounter between George Orwell, Cyril Connolly and Sonia Brownell on the island of Jura. Connolly and Brownell were working on "Horizon" at the time Orwell was on Jura, in bad health, writing "Nineteen Eighty-Four".
In the 2008 staging at the West Yorkshire Playhouse, Hugo Speer played Orwell, Claudia Elmhirst played Sonia Brownell, and Nicholas Blane, Cyril Connolly. 
Both men pursue Brownell, who is sorrowing over a failed love affair ( with the writer Maurice Merleau-Ponty). Connolly shared memories with Orwell of prep school, Eton and the Spanish Civil War. Orwell was working out his anger at the Communist purges under Joseph Stalin, and the iniquities of his time. 'Rat' ( a sort of agony aunt), 'Pig' (Stalinism), and Boxer ( the working classes), punctuate the action.
The play ends after Orwell has died, with Sonia packing up his books and wanting to know more. 

</doc>
<doc id="30920161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30920161" title="Rostov-Glavny">
Rostov-Glavny

Rostov-Glavniy (, means "Rostov Main Terminal") is a railway station in Rostov-on-Don, one of the major stations on the North Caucasus Railway. This station also includes commuter rail station Rostov-Prigorodniy opened in 1962 and rebuilt in 2009.
History.
In 1869 Kursk-Kharkiv-Azov railways (now Southern Ukrainian Railways) reached Rostov-on-Don from the west. In 1876 another railways - Kozlov-Voronezh-Rostov - reached Rostov-on-Don from the north. At this time two stations on the bank of the river Don - Rostov and Nakhichevan-on-Don - were closed, and on Kozlov-Voronezh-Rostov railways was opened station Nakhichevan, that in the present is called «Rostov-Tovarniy».
In 1875 there was finished construction of the three-storeyed building of the station Rostov-Vladikavkazskiy (Rostov-Glavniy). It was a modern for that time station with good perspectives for future growth. On January 15, 1876 Rostov-Glavniy was officially opened. Station building had been rebuilt many times. For example, during the World War II at the autumn of 1941 station building was destroyed by bombing and then restored.
By the end of 1970s building was pulled down to make an opportunity for construction the new station with high-rise hotel towers. By the early 1990s construction of complex of additional buildings was over. And in 2000 the reconstruction of the main building began. It was over in 2004.
In 2006 some long-distance trains were moved to the new station in the western part of the city - Rostov-Pervomayskiy ().

</doc>
<doc id="30920185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30920185" title="Caryn Navy">
Caryn Navy

Caryn Linda Navy (born July 5, 1953) is an American mathematician and computer scientist. Blind since childhood, she has done notable work in set-theoretic topology and Braille technology.
Early life.
Navy was born in Brooklyn, New York in 1953. Born premature, she was diagnosed as totally blind from retinopathy of prematurity. Her family soon discovered that she could actually see from the corner of one eye, but at age 10 she lost all sight due to retinal detachment.
The next year, in sixth grade, Navy began learning to read and write Braille in public school. She also learned the Nemeth Braille system for writing mathematics, which became her favorite subject. She enjoyed team math competitions, and at age 14 independently rediscovered Euclid's formula for even perfect numbers. She also learned Hebrew Braille in preparation for her bat mitzvah service. At age 16 Navy was hired for her first job, as a Dictaphone typist in New York City. She took a class to learn to travel the New York City Subway.
Education.
Navy attended the Massachusetts Institute of Technology 1971–1975, majoring in mathematics. The only textbook she had
in Braille was her calculus book. All her other books were obtained as audiobooks from Recording for the Blind.
At MIT, her undergraduate advisor James Munkres introduced her to the subject of topology. Upon her graduation with a bachelor's degree in mathematics in 1975, she received the AMITA Senior Academic Award from the Association of MIT Alumnae. Early in her undergraduate career, Navy met David Holladay, an electrical engineering student. He looked up enough Braille to write her a note after their first meeting. They were married after graduation.
Navy attended graduate school at the University of Wisconsin–Madison, majoring in mathematics, with a minor in computer science. During her graduate education, she used an Optacon device to read textbooks that were not available in Braille or as audiobooks. She received her M.A. in 1977, and her Ph.D. in 1981 under the supervision of topologist Mary Ellen Rudin.
Mathematics.
Navy's doctoral thesis, "Nonparacompactness in Para-Lindelöf Spaces", was important in the development of metrizability theory. The paper examines the properties of para-Lindelöf topological spaces, which are a generalization of both Lindelöf spaces and paracompact spaces. In a para-Lindelöf space, every open cover has a locally countable open refinement, that is, one such that each point of the space has a neighborhood that intersects only countably many elements of the refinement. The spaces constructed by Navy are counterexamples to the conjecture that all para-Lindelöf spaces are paracompact. Some of her spaces are even normal Moore spaces under suitable set-theoretic assumptions. Since every metrizable space is paracompact, these are counterexamples to the normal Moore space conjecture.
Stephen Watson called Navy's construction "a rather general one that permitted quite a lot of latitude" and said, "No other way of getting para-Lindelöf is known. I don't think another way of getting para-Lindelöf is even possible—Navy's method looks quite canonical to me." In 1983, William Fleissner modified one of her spaces to be a normal Moore space under the assumption of a particular covering property. Fleissner's examples finally resolved the normal Moore space conjecture by showing that it requires large cardinal axioms.
Career.
After graduate school, Navy took a position as a visiting assistant professor in the mathematics department of Bucknell University in 1981. While they were living in Lewisburg, Pennsylvania, Holladay started a software company called Raised Dot Computing, focused on computer Braille technology. He was inspired by Navy's need for Braille translation to help with her math teaching. She was an important consultant for the company, helping with software ideas and testing products in her university work. In December 1981, Raised Dot Computing released its first major product, BRAILLE-EDIT, a word processor and two-way Braille translator program for the Apple II. Navy left the university in 1984 to work for the company, and the couple and the company moved back to Madison, Wisconsin in July 1984.
Navy applied her computer skills to improving Raised Dot Computing's assistive software, producing enhanced versions of BRAILLE-EDIT and utility programs to handle textbook-format Braille and other special formats. In 1985 they added a line of MS-DOS software, culminating in the company's most successful product, MegaDots. Released in August 1992 and still in production, MegaDots provides Braille translation and word processing for the PC. Raised Dot Computing was transferred in September 1998 to a Wisconsin nonprofit organization called Braille Planet, which was then bought out in August 1999 by Duxbury Systems. Navy and Holladay live in Westford, Massachusetts, and they still work on MegaDots at Duxbury.
Navy is a member of the Braille Authority of North America, where she has chaired the Refreshable Braille Technical Committee since 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="30920191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30920191" title="2011 Dar es Salaam explosions">
2011 Dar es Salaam explosions

The 2011 Dar es Salaam explosions were a series of explosions at an ammunition depot in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, that killed 20–32 people. According to officials at the base, the first explosion was at 8:30 pm local time. Being the second explosion in two years of an ammunition depot near a populated area, several groups questioned the locations of these centers and requested they be moved. Reports indicate that 23 military structures, two homes and a school were destroyed.
The first of several reported explosions was at around 10pm local time, and eye-witnesses reported that intermittent explosions occurred during the following hour for two minutes at a time. Media reports said that between 20 and 32 people were killed by the blasts and that 300 more were injured as homes were flattened and debris fell from the sky. The deaths were either directly from the explosions or from the effects of high blood pressure. Debris was reported as far as away from the base. At least 200 children were reported to be missing their parents as well; it was unknown whether their parents were missing from the explosions or were separated during the evacuation.
Immediately following the incident, officials in the city ordered all residents within a radius of the military base to evacuate. An estimated 4,000 residents fled their homes. Residents in the city began calling for the resignation of Defence and National Service minister, Hussein Mwinyi, and the Chief of Defence Forces, General Davis Mwamunyange. On February 17, an investigation was launched to find the cause of the explosions.

</doc>
<doc id="30920265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30920265" title="Microlophus delanonis">
Microlophus delanonis

The Española Lava Lizard or Hood Lava Lizard ("Microlophus delanonis") is endemic to the Galapagos island of Española. The species is commonly attributed to the genus "Microlophus" but has been attributed to the genus "Tropidurus".

</doc>
<doc id="30920276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30920276" title="Cry of the Hunted">
Cry of the Hunted

Cry of the Hunted is a 1953 American crime film noir directed by Joseph H. Lewis. The drama features Vittorio Gassman, Barry Sullivan and Polly Bergen.
Plot.
An obsessive lawman (Barry Sullivan) who works for the state chases an escaped fugitive (Vittorio Gassman) through the Louisiana bayou.
Reception.
According to MGM records the film earned $376,000 in the US and Canada and $249,000 elsewhere resulting in a loss of $179,000.
Critical response.
Film critic Hal Erickson, of "Allmovie", has praised the directing of the film, writing, "On the whole, the MGM B product of the 1950s contained some of the studio's best-ever 'small' pictures..."Cry of the Hunted" is directed with flair by Joseph H. Lewis, who always managed to rise above the slimmest of budgets and the barest of production values."
"TV Guide" in its film guide also wrote well of the film, "Stylishly directed chase film from Lewis who had previously shown his talent in "Gun Crazy"...At one point he is caught but again breaks free, only to be recaptured again at the finale. Interesting subplot has Conrad waiting for Sullivan to make a wrong move so he can grab his job."
Noir analysis.
Critics Alain Silver and Elizabeth Ward, in various sections of their analysis of the film, discuss a "sub silentio" theme found in the movie: the homosexual undercurrent of the protagonists; they write, "After an initial scene, in which Sullivan and Gassman wrestle each other to exhaustion and then sit sharing cigarettes like brothers," and, "...even in his sleep is obsessive as he dreams of the escapee in homoerotic terms," and, "Gassman too seems drawn to his pursuer."
Film critic Eddie Muller, in an interview for "Bright Lights Film Journal", agrees, "I once showed this film goofy B film called "Cry of the Hunted", with Barry Sullivan and William Conrad — it's swamp noir. In Los Angeles, the audience adored it. They howled, especially at the over-the-top gay subtext between the two lead actors. They fight, and when it's obvious the fight is over, they're still wrestling around the floor. Then they lie against the wall and smoke cigarettes. The L.A. audience ate it up."

</doc>
<doc id="30920317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30920317" title="Arc blow">
Arc blow

Arc blow is the, usually unwanted, deflection of the arc during arc welding.
There are two types of arc blow commonly known in the electric welding industry: "magnetic" and "thermal". 
Magnetic arc blow.
Magnetic arc blow or "arc wander" is the deflection of welding filler material within an electric arc deposit by a build up of magnetic force surrounding the weld pool. Magnetic arc blow can occur because of: 
Arc blow tends to occur if the material being welded has residual magnetism at a certain level, particularly when the weld root is being made, and the welding current is direct current (DC positive or negative).
Magnetic arc blow is popularly attributed to a change in the direction of current as it flows into and through the workpiece. Magnetic arc blow is known to begin at field densities as low as 10 gauss and becomes severe at densities of, equal to or greater than, 40 gauss; it is directional and can be classified as "forward" or "backward" moving along the joint, but can occasionally occur to the sides depending on the orientation of the poles to the workpiece. 
Magnetic arc blow is more common in DC welding than in AC welding.
Thermal arc blow.
Thermal arc blow is widely attributed to variations in resistance within the base metal created by the weld pool as it is moved across the workpiece. Thermal arc blow can occur because of:
"Thermal arc blow" is not as severe as "magnetic arc blow", but can still leave undesirable defects in the weld deposit.

</doc>
<doc id="30920372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30920372" title="Bontoc Eulogy">
Bontoc Eulogy

Bontoc Eulogy, an unknown film by many, is a 1995 drama mockumentary directed by Marlon Fuentes and Bridget Yearen and produced by Corporation for Public Broadcasting. It was written, directed by, and stars Marlon Fuentes in the main role of a screen narrator going through an excruciating internal conflict regarding his heritage and following his thoughts as he recounts his grandfathers journey to the St. Louis World's Fair. It is the fifth film produced by Marlon Fuentes, following "Arm" in 1994.
Despite a limited audience view worldwide the satire offered a deep and critical insight into Filipino history. Marlon Fuentes's work has been shown in over 60 separate exhibitions in the past 20 years alone and has been represented in collections such as Smithsonian Institution’s National Museum of American Art, the National Museum of American History, the Houston Museum of Fine Arts, the Library of Congress, and the Santa Barbara Museum of Art. Furthermore, his work has been nominated for the International Documentary Association’s Distinguished Achievement Award and has received many awards from the international community.
Controversy surrounds the film even decades after its release. It was denounced for misleading audiences into believing that this seemingly personal account was real. But, it can be soundly argued that the film's meaning would have been altered if this fact had been stated from the beginning.
Plot.
The unnamed narrator, a serious Filipino-American immigrant, muses of his days in the Philippines and continues on to speculate on the mysterious disappearance of both of his grandfathers. His curiosity leads him to research his past and urges him to discover the whereabouts of his kin. He offers the audience an inside look to his internal conflict regarding his family history by narrating throughout the film. Much of the movie consists of snapshots and footage of the World's Fair and some of the "real" footage has been, in fact, just a reenactment of what is thought to be the past.
The film begins with the narrator thinking of his children and subsequently thinking of his days as a child in the Philippines. He expresses his sadness of belonging to neither country (America or Philippines) and his desire to gain a foundation for his personal history. With this said, the narrator recounts the story of both of his grandfathers' lives. One of the grandfathers' (Emeliano) had fought in the revolution against Spain in 1896 and the Philippine-American War in 1899, only to be killed in the trenches and never have his body found. The narrator speculates that his grandfather is probably buried in one of the several mass graves on the outskirts of Manila.
While Emiliano had an interesting death by fighting in the war, the other's story was far more interesting. The other grandfather, named Markod, had been an Igarot warrior in the Philippines. When the Americans had first came to the village, the tribal members were afraid. But, they soon realized that the Americans wanted to become friends and take them to America to showcase their culture. Markod was, at first, hesitant since his wife was expecting a child. In 1904, Markod and several families of his village decided to go America as participants in the St. Louis World's Fair. At the time, Markod had been a young chief, known for his skills as a hunter and warrior.
Markod was first taken to San Francisco on a boat and then taken to St. Louis on a train, where 2 of his companions froze to death in a boxcar. Once at St. Louis, the Igarots built an entire village out of the "traditional" elements of the Philippines. The St. Louis World's Fair was set to begin.
At the World's Fair, many people came to see the men and women on display at the Philippine reservation. These people wanted to catch a glimpse of the Filipino in flesh and blood, in their "natural habitat". Over 1,000 "natives" of various heritages were on display simultaneously at the fair. Native tribes which had not known of each other's existence were placed next to each other on the reservation. The aim of this was to show to the American people the various stages of social progress, from "barbaric" to "civilized" and Christian. Markod admired the skills of the different tribes and he marveled at the various animals on display at the fair.
One day, a sick baby girl born to an African couple was taken away and never seen again. The father of the child talked about the incident and the authorities of the World's Fair became wary of an uprising. Extra scouts were posted in the village. Markod thought about how the Western people say that their God is strong, but their medicines are weak. The death of the child deeply disturbed Markod and he became fearful that evil things would begin to happen. Markod became homesick and missed his wife and home in the mountains. He became disturbed at the noise and brightness of the fair and longed for the quietness of his home. Two Igarot men also disappeared and the whole village mourned at their death. They mourned for days while the American public watched, unaware of their grief.
Markod tried to escape after this incident. He escaped into the woods and relished the music of the sounds of nature he knew so well. He hoped to get by unnoticed and would be able to escape from the fair. When reaching the edge of the forest, he fell into a deep sleep, only to awaken surrounded by unknown American faces. He was then placed in a solitary confinement to keep him from escaping.
When the World's Fair ended, Markod mysteriously disappeared. The narrator comes back into the plot here and he discovers through archives, that there had been an unusual incident just before the closing of the fair, which involved the death of an Igarot male. The remains had been mangled beyond recognition, but authorities had determined that he was Filipino by the color of his skin. This man could have been Markod, or he could have been put on display at other fairs around the country. Still, Markod's remains could currently be displayed at the Smithsonian Museum where the brains of two Filipinos had been removed immediately after their death.
At the end of the film, the location of Markod's body was still unknown and the narrator still wonders on the whereabouts of his ancestor.
Director.
Marlon Fuentes is a Philippine born, Los Angeles based artist. He has studied behavioral science in De La Salle College in Manila, Philippines (Graduating in 1974 with BA) and also studied photography in The Corcoran School of Art in Washington D.C., graduating in 1981.
Fuentes has created numerous works through film, photo, and visual art and his work has been displayed in over 60 exhibits in the past 15 years. He has received international awards and praise and is known for his many professional works, such as, "B.E.A.T., Sleep With Open Eyes, Tantalus, Arm, and Crikee." Furthermore, his work has been acclaimed worldwide and has been shown in museums, including the Netherlands Filmmuseum, the Museum of Modern Art in New York and the Guggenheim Museum in New York. In the past, Fuentes has been a visiting artist at New York University, Antioch College, along with other educational institutions.
Soundtrack.
Various "tribal" and "Western" music was played throughout the film. It served the purpose of signaling the transition between the two cultures within the movie and to create an exaggeration of the cultures. The Western music was much more upbeat and contained various complex instrument (example: the piano). The "traditional Filipino music" showcased the basic stereotype of "tribal" music with the use of the drum. The soundtrack in this film included "Music and Dance from the Hill Peoples of Northern Philippines" and also utilized music from Ramon Obusan.
Three Aspects of the Rhetorical Triangle.
Rhetor.
The screen narrator in "Bontoc Eulogy" can be thought of as the rhetor. This narrator is an ever-present voice in the film and guides the viewer through the plot and story line. Although we never learn the name of this narrator, it is (at first) speculated that this is indeed Marlon Fuentes (the director). But, at the end of the film, the audience realizes that this film is indeed fictional and the rhetor is a nameless narrator only played by Marlon Fuentes. This twist and mystery which surrounds the rhetor is, in itself, an aid for the audience to inadvertently understand the narrator's (and the Filipino-American population's) personal struggle to piece together his past and find a sense of belonging and stability in life.
The anonymous narrator also remains ambiguous to allow every Filipino-American Immigrant to relate to this story and struggle. Through this film the narrator explores his own relationship with his Filipino culture and ancestry.
Message.
Marlon Fuentes unfolds the events of the St. Louis World's Fair in 1904. He does this by creating a story about the search for a grandfather who mysteriously vanished during the events of the fair. In the article “F is for Phony: Fake Documentary and Truth’s Unfolding” we discover that the story about the search for the grandfather was completely false. The story was simply created to help the mockumentary attract and keep the attention of the audience. This film not only shows the awful history of the St. Louis World Fair but also the reactions of many Americans to the Filipino people at the fair. The Filipinos were treated like animals with absolutely no respect. Viewers of this film can be compared to the spectators at the World's Fair. We are so quick to believe that many Filipinos were “barbaric” and “savage” at this time, but the truth is they were just portrayed this way at the World Fair to show how “uncivilized” non-white races are.
Audience.
"Bontoc Eulogy" is meant for both a general audience and also specifically for the Filipino audience. Fuentes chooses to mislead his audience at the beginning of the film by fabricating a story that will intrigue audiences. He says that his grandfather was a victim of the St. Louis Worlds Fair, but in reality, this never happened. Instead, it was a façade that he created in order to bring attention to the barbarity of Western civilization. Although the audience may feel cheated at the end of the movie, they are still left with the realization that there is a logical possibility someone else could have faced a similar tragic predicament. Fuentes, in an interview, explains that he did not want to reveal the truth within the film because it was essential for him to retain the audience’s attention through the “raw” ethnography and emotions. Furthermore, to break the façade too early would have distracted the audience and drawn away from his message . Not much is known of the first audience’s original reception of "Bontoc Eulogy", but current viewers suggest that it is a film that all Filipino audiences must watch. New viewers are continually promoting "Bontoc Eulogy" in order to keep the Filipino history alive and to create awareness of what western civilization did to early Filipino immigrants. Overall, "Bontoc Eulogy" receives great claim from audiences for its portrayal of the St. Louis World's Fair, despite the falsehood throughout the film.
Genre.
"Bontoc Eulogy" is a film often mistaken as a nonfiction, documentary. Although this film employs many of the techniques commonly used in documentary, it is, instead, a mockumentary. The elements used to create this feel are; a narrative voiceover through the entire film, black and white images, foreign languages used and then translated, and a personal reflection on the issue at hand.
The mock in this mockumentary is targeted towards the west. This film highlights the ignorance and disinterest of the Western cultures towards "other" cultures. The "West" here is shown to take the culture of the Filipino people, completely change and misconstrue it, and then to exhibit this inaccuracy in front of millions, who believe that it is real. The easiness with which the American people believe this lie put before them, just shows the gullibility and ignorance of these audiences at the World's Fair. This mock offers the viewer another angle to see the World's Fair by, and it isn't a pretty one.
Themes.
Repetition.
Fuentes repeats many scenes of the grandfather while he is held captive in the World's Fair. He also repeats many scenes of the Igarot, along with other tribes, mock-fighting and playing instruments. Another prominent scene which is repeated is the scene with the paper boats floating in the water.
Fuentes repeats these scenes for the purpose of stressing the fact that the Igarot and Filipino people were, in a sense, held captive in the St. Louis World's Fair and that each day seemed the same to them; performing an act, being watched, and dreaming of their families back in the Philippines. The scene of the paper bloats floating is also crucial although it may appear to be superflous at first sight. This scene includes the element of water, a symbol of refreshment and rebirth, and puts paper boats in it, which can be interpreted as a symbol of the "West". The boats are paper, so it signifies that the Filipino people had came to the United States in hopes of earning money for their families and creating a better life for themselves, but were only met with the unstable and inhospitable American environment and people.
Children.
The narrator continuously talks about his children throughout the film, but most prominently during the beginning of the film when he is reflecting on his own childhood and upbringing. Fuentes also edits clips of two children playing at various points in the film and leaves audiences with a reminiscent feel of childhood. The narrator's own grandfather had left for the World's Fair while his wife was pregnant and about to have a baby. Adding on, there was also a very prominent clip of a child dancing in a "traditional" way. This clip was slowed down for emphasis and played for a prolonged amount of time while the narrator mused of his own childhood in the United States and the cruelty (or ignorance) of the children there towards his culture.
This theme of children in the movie highlights the innocence of the Filipino people when they lived in their personal civilization, before it was touched by Western influence. The stress that Fuentes puts on the simplicity yet complexity of the peaceful Filipino way of living is recognized with the easily seen display of innocence by using small children in many of his scenes.

</doc>
<doc id="30920382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30920382" title="1977 Pacific Cup">
1977 Pacific Cup

The 1977 Pacific Cup was the second edition of the Pacific Cup, a rugby league tournament held between Pacific teams. The tournament was hosted by New Zealand and eventually won by the New Zealand Māori side, who defeated Western Australia 35-12 in the final.
Background.
The 1977 Pacific Cup was run by the New South Wales Rugby League, following the success of the inaugural 1975 Pacific Cup. The tournament involved three Australian state sides as well as Papua New Guinea, who did not yet have Test match status, and the New Zealand Māori. In the end the 1977 Pacific Cup proved to be expensive to run and resulted in the cancellation of the planned 1979 Pacific Cup.
Results.
An opening ceremony was held at Turangawaewae Marae in Huntly.

</doc>
<doc id="30920393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30920393" title="Oxylobium ellipticum">
Oxylobium ellipticum

Oxylobium ellipticum, known as the Common Shaggy-pea is a common small plant in the pea family, found in south-eastern Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="30920435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30920435" title="Flannan (disambiguation)">
Flannan (disambiguation)

Flannan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30920449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30920449" title="2000–01 Bayer 04 Leverkusen season">
2000–01 Bayer 04 Leverkusen season

Bayer Leverkusen had a solid season, where it managed to qualify for another Champions League campaign, following a 4th place finish. Unlike the previous season, it failed to actively challenge for the Bundesliga title for the second year running, also going out of the Champions League already in the group stage.
The most important players of the season included Oliver Neuville, who scored 15 goals, plus attacking midfielder Michael Ballack, who cemented his position as Germany's new dominant playmaker.

</doc>
<doc id="30920463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30920463" title="2011 Iraqi protests">
2011 Iraqi protests

The 2011 Iraqi protests came in the wake of the Tunisian revolution and 2011 Egyptian revolution. They have resulted in at least 45 deaths, including at least twenty-nine on 25 February 2011, the "Day of Rage".
Several protests in March were against the Saudi-led intervention in Bahrain.
Protests also took place in Iraqi Kurdistan, an autonomous Kurdish region in Iraq's north that lasted for 62 days in a row.
Background.
In an effort to prevent potential unrest, Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki announced that he will not run for a third term in 2014, and called for a constitutional term limit.
Nevertheless, hundreds of protesters gathered in several major Iraqi urban areas on 12 February (notably Baghdad and Karbala) demanding a more effective approach to the issue of national security and investigation into federal corruption cases, as well as government action towards making public services fair and accessible. In response, the government of Iraq subsidised electricity costs.
Protests.
Israel's "Haaretz" reported that a 31-year-old man in Mosul died after he self-immolated in protest against unemployment. "Haaretz" also reported a planned "Revolution of Iraqi Rage" to be held on 25 February near the Green Zone.
Timeline.
12 February.
Hundreds of protesters gathered in several major Iraqi urban areas, most notably in Baghdad and Karbala, demanding a more effective approach to the issue of national security and an investigation into federal corruption cases, as well as government action towards making public services fair and accessible. In response, the government of Iraq subsidised electricity costs.
16–18 February.
On 16 February, up to 2,000 protesters took over a provincial council building in the city of Kut. The protesters demanded the provincial governor resign due to a lack of basic services such as electricity and water. Up to three people were reported killed and 30 injured.
On 17 February, two people were killed as protesters threw stones at the headquarters of the Kurdistan Democratic Party, headed by Masoud Barzani, president of Iraq's semi-autonomous northern Kurdish region in Sulaimaniya, Iraqi Kurdistan.
On 18 February, around a thousand demonstrators blockaded a bridge in Basra, demanding the resignation of the provincial governor.
23 February.
Lt. Gen. Abdul-Aziz Al-Kubaisi () resigned from his post as the Director General at the Iraqi Ministry of Defense, gave up his military rank, and removed it from his shoulders on television. Following this step, he was arrested by security forces. Al Kubaisi described the Iraqi government as corrupt and called on all officers to declare their resignation and join the demonstrators, who are planning a demonstration on 25 February.
The three officers, including one colonel, responded to this call and announced their resignations. Uday Zaidi, who has previously organized protests, revealed that these officers have joined the demonstrations. Zaidi told "Al Jazeera" that the 37 personnel from the Ministry of Interior have also resigned and joined the crowds of demonstrators.
24 February.
On 24 February, Muntadhar al-Zaidi, an Iraqi journalist famous for the 2008 shoeing incident, was arrested for allegedly taking part in the protests. Al-Zaidi is popular in Iraq for what Iraqis see as his act of defiance.
25 February–"Day of Rage".
Major protests were held throughout Iraq on 25 February, centering on the nation's high unemployment, corruption, and poor public services. During the protests, crowds stormed provincial buildings, in addition to jailbreaking prisoners and forcing local officials to resign. At least twenty-nine people were killed across the country as a result of protests on this day, though the deadliest protests took place in Iraqi Kurdistan.
26 February.
Protests were diminished from the 25 February "Day of Rage," due to the deaths that resulted during it. Hundreds were detained by Iraqi security forces, including journalists, artists, and intellectuals. One of the artists that was arrested, Hussam al-Ssair, later stated that "It was like they were dealing with a bunch of al-Qaeda operatives, not a group of journalists."
16 March.
New protests arose at Baghdad and Basra against the Saudi-led intervention in Bahrain.
17 March.
At Kerbela about 3,000 people demonstrated against Saudi-Arabia. Nouri al-Maliki criticized the Saudi intervention.
April–May.
Beginning on 9 April 2011, the 8th anniversary of the fall of Saddam Hussein, the protests escalated with thousands protesting in Baghdad's Tahrir Square and all over the country. The protests extended to anger at the US occupation and culminated on 26 May 2011 with a demonstration organized by Muqtada al-Sadr. Reports of participants vary from 20,000 (Iran's "Press TV"), to 100 thousand (Iraq's official "Al Sabaah") to half a million people (Baghdad's independent "New Sabah" ]). (The highest figures are not unlikely, as similar protests by Muqtada al-Sadr have drawn up to a million people, as in 2007 and 2012.)
10 June.
About 400 protesters converged on Tahrir Square in Baghdad after Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki's deadline for reform expired.
12 August.
Dozens protested in Tahrir Square, calling for Oil Minister Karim Luaibi to be fired, a planned port named for ex-President of Egypt Hosni Mubarak to be scrapped, and political prisoners to be released.
2 December.
The 2011 Dohuk riots refers to riots by Muslim Kurds on 2 December 2011 which were instigated by Friday prayers' sermons calling for Jihad against liquor stores and massage parlours in Zakho in the Dohuk Governorate, Iraq. The riots soon developed to looting and burning down of Assyrian and Yazidi-owned properties in other towns in Iraqi Kurdistan over the next couple of days.
Responses.
Domestic.
In response to the initial round of protests, Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki said that his ministers who do not improve their ministries face dismissal. An MP also called for provincial elections to be brought forward by two years.

</doc>
<doc id="30920472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30920472" title="Oryol State University">
Oryol State University

Oryol State University (Orlovskiy gosudarstvenniy universitet; OGU or OSU), formerly Oryol State Pedagogical Institute/University, is the university in Central Russian city Oryol. OSU opened in 1931 as Industrial-Pedagogical Institute. Today OSU is a member of Association of the Classical Universities of Russia.
Origins.
Officially, the Oryol State University was founded in 1931 with the establishment of "Orel Industrial-Pedagogical Institute" (Орловский индустриально-педагогический институт). But even in 1918 in Oryol opened "Lenin Oryol Proletarian University" (Орловский Пролетарский университет имени В. И. Ленина), which includes 5 departments: Department of Natural Sciences, Department of Health, Department of Humanities, Mathematical and Agronomical Departments.
In 1932 it was renamed to "Oryol State Pedagogical Institute" (Орловский государственный педагогический институт; ОГПИ), and in 1993 - to the "Oryol State Pedagogical University" (Орловский государственный педагогический университет; ОГПУ). In 1996 OSPU received the status of a classical university and renamed to the "Oryol State University".
Departments.
There are 17 faculties in OSU and 2 institutes:

</doc>
<doc id="30920479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30920479" title="List of number-one singles of 2010 (Finland)">
List of number-one singles of 2010 (Finland)

This is the complete list of (physical and digital) number-one singles sold in Finland in 2010 according to the Official Finnish Charts. The list on the left side of the box ("Suomen virallinen singlelista", "Official Finnish Singles Chart") represents both physical and digital track sales and the one on the right side ("Suomen virallinen latauslista", "Official Finnish Download Chart") represents sales of digital tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="30920514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30920514" title="Wind power by country">
Wind power by country

Global wind power installations increased by 35,301 in 2013, bringing total installed capacity up to 318,117 MW. During 2010-2011 more than half of all new wind power was added outside of the traditional markets of Europe and North America, mainly driven by the continuing boom in China which accounted for nearly half of all of the installations at 18,000 MW in 2011. China now has 91,424 MW of wind power installed.
Several countries have achieved relatively high levels of wind power penetration, such as 21% of stationary electricity production in Denmark, 18% in Portugal, 16% in Spain, 14% in Ireland and 9% in Germany in 2010.
As of 2011, 83 countries around the world are using wind power on a commercial basis.
Overview.
As of 2011, the Roscoe Wind Farm (781 MW) in the United States is the world's largest wind farm. As of September 2010, the Thanet Wind Farm in United Kingdom is the largest offshore wind farm in the world at 300 MW, followed by Horns Rev II (209 MW) in Denmark. The United Kingdom is the world's leading generator of offshore wind power, followed by Denmark.
There are many large wind farms under construction and these include BARD Offshore 1 (400 MW), Clyde Wind Farm (548 MW), Greater Gabbard wind farm (500 MW), Lincs Wind Farm (270 MW), London Array (1000 MW), Lower Snake River Wind Project (343 MW), Macarthur Wind Farm (420 MW), Shepherds Flat Wind Farm (845 MW), Sheringham Shoal (317 MW), and the Walney Wind Farm (367 MW).
Installed windpower capacity.
This table provides end-of-year installed wind power capacity (in megawatts) for the countries of the world. The data is sourced from Global Wind Energy Council.
Installed windpower capacity (MW) 2004-2013.
This table provides end-of-year installed wind power capacity (in megawatts) for the countries of the world for the years 2004 through 2013. The data source for the 2004 through 2013 figures is the World Wind Energy Association.
Installed wind energy capacity 1991-2000.
'"Installed Wind Energy Capacity
(in megawatts, MW)(cumulative for year):"'
Installed wind energy capacity 1981-1990.
'"Installed Wind Energy Capacity
(in megawatts, MW)(cumulative for year):"'
Electricity generation by wind 2011.
'"Electricity Generation by Wind
(in terawatt hours, TWh total for year):"'
Electricity generation by wind 2001-2010.
'"Electricity Generation by Wind
(in terawatt hours, TWh total for year):"'
Electricity generation by wind 1991-2000.
'"Electricity Generation by Wind
(in terawatt hours, TWh)(total for year):"'
Electricity generation by wind 1983-1990.
'"Electricity Generation by Wind
(in terawatt hours, TWh)(total for year):"'

</doc>
<doc id="30920530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30920530" title="HP Integral PC">
HP Integral PC

The HP Integral PC (or HP 9807A) was a portable UNIX workstation computer system produced by Hewlett-Packard, launched in 1985. It was based on the Motorola 68000 microprocessor (running at 8 MHz) and ran early version of the HP-UX operating system.
Hardware.
The Integral PC was a mains-powered portable computer with a 9-inch amber electroluminescent display with a resolution of 512×255 pixels or 80×24 characters. It also incorporated a 710 kB 3.5" floppy disk drive and an HP ThinkJet ink-jet printer. Standard memory capacity was 256 kB ROM plus 512 kB RAM, expandable to 1.5 MB. Expansion slots and an HP-IB bus were also included.
Software.
The Integral PC was unusual in that the HP-UX operating system kernel resided in the ROM, which also included the HP Windows graphical user interface and the Personal Applications Manager (PAM). HP-UX commands and utilities were supplied separately on floppy disk.

</doc>
<doc id="30920534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30920534" title="Hakan Söyler">
Hakan Söyler

Hakan Söyler (born 8 April 1983) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a defender for Elazığspor in the Süper Lig.

</doc>
<doc id="30920572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30920572" title="Sligoville">
Sligoville

Sligoville is a small community approximately 10 miles from Spanish Town in the parish of St. Catherine on the island of Jamaica.
Sligoville is named after the Marquess of Sligo, Governor of Jamaica in 1834, the year that freedom came to the enslaved people of Jamaica. Sligoville was said to be the first ‘free village’ to be established, and this was done by Rev. James Mursell Phillippo, English Baptist minister stationed in Spanish Town, on land which was acquired in 1835. 
What became known as ‘The Free Village System’ resulted from this first settlement, and similar villages were established throughout the island, most of them by ministers of religion, who supplied land to the ex-slaves who had never owned land before. 

</doc>
<doc id="30920591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30920591" title="2005–06 NCAA Division I men's ice hockey season">
2005–06 NCAA Division I men's ice hockey season

The 2005–06 NCAA Division I men's ice hockey season began on October 7, 2005 and concluded with the 2006 NCAA Division I Men's Ice Hockey Tournament's championship game on April 8, 2006 at the Bradley Center in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. This was the 59th season in which an NCAA ice hockey championship was held and is the 111th year overall where an NCAA school fielded a team.
Pre-season polls.
The top 20 from USCHO.com/CSTV and the top 15 from USA Today/USA Hockey Magazine.
Player stats.
Scoring leaders.
The following players led the league in points at the conclusion of the season.
"GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalty minutes"
Leading goaltenders.
The following goaltenders led the league in goals against average at the end of the regular season while playing at least 33% of their team's total minutes.
"GP = Games played; Min = Minutes played; W = Wins; L = Losses; OT = Overtime/shootout losses; GA = Goals against; SO = Shutouts; SV% = Save percentage; GAA = Goals against average"

</doc>
<doc id="30920626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30920626" title="2006 West Gippsland Latrobe Football League season">
2006 West Gippsland Latrobe Football League season

The 2006 West Gippsland Latrobe Football League season commenced on 12 April 2006 and concluded on 20 September 2006. It was the seventh season of the West Gippsland Latrobe Football League competition.
The Grand Final was played between Maffra and Sale, with Maffra taking the Premiership at the Traralgon Recreation Reserve by 29 points.

</doc>
<doc id="30920628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30920628" title="Sane Jaleh">
Sane Jaleh

Sane Jaleh () also Sanea Jaleh, Saneh Jaleh, or Sani Zhaleh (May 22, 1985 – February 14, 2011) was an Iranian student at the University of Arts. He was one of two students shot dead during the February 14, 2011 demonstrations in support of Egyptians and Tunisians for ousting Presidents Hosni Mubarak and Ben Ali, in Tehran, Iran. According to news reports, "rival groups" of pro- and anti-Iranian government protesters "both claim" him and the other slain protester (Mohammad Mokhtari) "as one of their supporters."
Background.
Sane Jaleh was born in Paveh in Kermanshah Province in Iranian kurdistan in 1985 and was a Kurdish Hewrami Iranian and Sunni Muslim. At the time of his death he was in his third year of studies in the field of dramatic arts at the Department of Cinema and Theater at the University of Arts, Tehran.
Killing and controversy.
Official version.
On Tuesday February 15, the day after his killing, the Iranian "culture ministry's security chief" reported his death and stated that he was a "government supporter." Other pro-government news media sources reported he was a "Basij militia member" (a group of "plain clothes" Islamic militants noted for their attacks on opposition demonstrators with batons, metal chains and firearms) "shot by "agents provocateurs" controlled by various opposition groups". Pro-government sources also alleged he was killed by the opposition group Mojahedin Khalgh. On Wednesday his funeral was held with a funeral process starting at Tehran University where the state-run IRIB reported clashes by marchers with "the sedition movement," i.e. opposition. Hossein Shariatmadari, the editor of Kayhan newspaper (which is under the supervision of the Office of the Supreme Leader), explained Jaleh's involvement in the opposition protest by asserting he was a spy for Kayhan newspaper, a claim considered "bizarre" by some.
Disputes with official version.
"Friends and classmates" of Jaleh, have responded with a "counteroffensive" denying he was either a member of the Basij or a supporter of the government. Kalameh website has stated that Jaleh was a member of Mir-Hossein Mousavi's election campaign team; Saham News Website has published a picture with Ayatollah Montazeri and claims that one of the men in the picture is Sane Jaleh. Jaleh's alleged pro-regime outlook also does not square with his publishing of "at least one short story" in a magazine (Azma) "accused in some quarters of being a part of the `soft war` against the Islamic Republic"; his appearance in a short film (A Brick in the Wall) currently banned by Iranian regime due to its dissident contents; and his Kurdish and Sunni background (neither group being know for its support of the Islamic Republic). 
According to the source Tehran Bureau, the official version appeared to resemble the "well-orchestrated disinformation operation" employed by the government "to blame anyone but its security forces for the death of Neda Agha Soltan during the unrest of 2009." Suspicion has been cast on official reports of Jaleh's death by the evolution its portrayal of Jaleh first simply as a "devout student," then as a "regime sympathizer," and finally as a "full-fledged Basij militia member". The claim of his membership in the Basij was made in a statement about his death by the president of the Arts University, though in an earlier report of Jaleh's death the head of public relations for the Student Basij was quoted and made no mention of Jaleh's alleged Basij membership.
A photo of Jaleh's alleged Basiji ID was published by Fars News Agency but came under question when a blogger "wrote that the stamp on the photo bore the name of the town of Paveh, but that the back of the card had a postal code for Tehran." The card also "had a higher serial number than those issued two years ago" despite the fact that it was dated for three years ago.
In an interview with Voice of America, Persian, Sane Jaleh's brother stated that the government's allegations are false and without merit. He also said that his family has been put under pressure by the Iranian government to cooperate. He added that Mr. Jaleh’s Basiji Identification Card was issued after his death with the help of his cousin, who works for the Ministry of Information. He further added that the regime did not hand over his brother’s body to the family and that he is being buried by his murderers. Mr. Jaleh’s brother was arrested after his interview with Voice of America, Persian, and is currently in prison in the town of Paveh, in Kurdistan, Iran.
According to the International Campaign for Human Rights in Iran, a Wednesday 16 February funeral procession and memorial service planned for Sane Jaleh by his classmates at the Arts University campus was taken over by the Basij with "about 40 to 50" of Jaleh's classmates being "pushed ... into a corner", and held until they were told to "leave quietly and silently." A few were arrested. The BBC reported that "police forces had blocked all the roads leading to the university" the day of the funeral, "and were only allowing in pro-government supporters."
Post-funeral.
On February 20 antigovernment protesters gathered in Tehran and some other parts of Iran to Iran to commemorate the deaths of Jaleh and the other protestor (Mohammad Mokhtari) killed on February 14. According to the New York Times, "shops in Mahabad and Sanandaj were closed" after Kurds called for a general strike in response to the death of Jaleh. Yet another protester, Hamed Nour-Mohammadi, was killed on February 20 when "thousands took to the streets of Iran's largest cities", according to Human Rights Watch "to commemorate the deaths of Saneh Jaleh", and Mohammad Mokhtar. Nour-Mohammadi, was killed in Shiraz.

</doc>
<doc id="30920645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30920645" title="Vera Malinovskaya">
Vera Malinovskaya

Vera Stepanovna Malinovskaya (Russian:Вера Степановна Малиновская) was a Russian silent film actress.

</doc>
<doc id="30920659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30920659" title="Francesco Uliano">
Francesco Uliano

Francesco Uliano (born 19 September 1989) is an Italian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for F.C. Südtirol.
External links.
TuttoCalciatori profile

</doc>
<doc id="30920661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30920661" title="1988 Pacific Cup">
1988 Pacific Cup

The 1988 Pacific Cup was the fourth edition of the Pacific Cup, a rugby league tournament held between Pacific teams. The tournament was hosted by Western Samoa and eventually won by the New Zealand Māori side, who defeated Western Samoa 26-16 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="30920665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30920665" title="Miss Dolly Dollars">
Miss Dolly Dollars

Miss Dolly Dollars is a musical comedy written in two acts with the book and lyrics by Harry B. Smith and music by Victor Herbert. The musical concerns a wealthy American girl in Europe, who is sought after by bankrupt aristocrats. Its score includes a few famous songs such as "A Woman is Only a Woman (But a Good Cigar is a Smoke)". 
After a tryout in Rochester, New York, the musical opened at the Knickerbocker Theatre in New York City, on September 4, 1905. It was produced by Charles B. Dillingham and directed by Al Holbrook, with music direction by Antonio DeNovellis. The scenic design was by Homer Emens and Edward G. Unitt, and costumes were by Caroline Seidle. The show soon transferred to the New Amsterdam Theatre on October 16, 1905. It ran for a total of 112 performances and closed on October 21, 1905.
Synopsis.
Wealthy Dorothy Gay, an American girl, is pursued while in Europe, by a number of penniless aristocrats, but she does not wish to marry simply for a title. A secretary, Finney Doolittle, is mistaken for his wealthy English Lord. Dorothy's father, Samuel, urges her to marry the phony Lord Burlingham, but she prefers a man whom she takes to be poor, but who his actually the English nobleman, and all ends happily.
Cast.
The opening night cast was as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="30920699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30920699" title="Bruce Solomon">
Bruce Solomon

Bruce Peter Solomon (born August 12, 1944) is an American television and film star, best known for the roles of Sgt. Foley in the TV show "Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman" and Kenny Zuckerman in "Beverly Hills, 90210".
Life and Works.
Solomon was born August 12, 1944, in New York City.
Television and film.
Solomon starred as the title character in the short-lived 1977 television series "Lanigan's Rabbi", but is best known for his portrayal of Sgt. Foley on the TV show, "Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman". His acting teacher, Joan Darling, one of the directors for "Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman", chose him for that role, despite the fact that it was originally written as an older, middle-aged policeman. When Solomon was cast in the role it was rewritten as a young, handsome, "ever-on-the-make" police officer. He was also known for the role of Kenny Zuckerman in "Beverly Hills, 90210".
In addition to his role of Rabbi David Small in "Lanigan's Rabbi", he would also play a rabbi in the 2000 film, "Harrison's Flowers".
Solomon was part of the cast of the comedy series "E/R", which included Elliott Gould, Jason Alexander, and Mary McDonnell. His many guest star appearances in other series included "Barney Miller" and "Resurrection Boulevard", and films including "The Candidate" and "Foul Play" One of his earliest movies was "Children Shouldn't Play with Dead Things", in 1972. He was also in the 1986 TV movie, "Maricela", about the daughter of an affluent American family who resents the daughter of the live-in maid from "El Salvador". The TV drama was produced for public television's "WonderWorks" series.
In one of his most recent movie appearances, Solomon plays Edward Feldman, the Executive Producer of the television series "Hogan's Heroes", in the 2002 film "Auto Focus", the story of actor Bob Crane. In that film, he has the well-known line to Crane, "Bob, don't try so hard. You're the hero of the show. It's named after you. Heroes don't try to be heroes. They simply are." Another of his famous lines—from the film "Foul Play" with Goldie Hawn—was "The dwarf...beware the dwarf."
Stage.
In addition to his roles in film and television, Solomon has appeared on stage in a number of plays in the Los Angeles area, including a number of productions of the Elephant Theatre Company. Among the productions in which he has appeared were "Search and Destroy", "Dearboy's War", and "Greystone". And, after playing a rabbi on television and film, he originated the role of Catholic priest Fr. Carney in the Hollywood Stella Adler Theatre world premiere of the play "Friends of Frank", the story of the decision to cast Marlon Brando in "On The Waterfront" rather than Frank Sinatra. The play was produced in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="30920722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30920722" title="Hungarian wax pepper">
Hungarian wax pepper

The Hungarian wax pepper is a medium variety of "Capsicum annuum" with a wide Scoville Scale range of 1,000 to 15,000 Scoville units.
Description.
This pepper is usually harvested before maturity when still yellow. It measures between 4"-6" inches in length (102mm-152mm) which tapers to a rounded point. Upon maturity, the pepper becomes orange then red in color. Although similar in appearance to banana peppers when immature, it is a different cultivar.
Due to the ease of cultivation and the productivity of the plant, many home gardeners pickle these whole or sliced in rings.

</doc>
<doc id="30920739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30920739" title="List of international cricketers from the Windward Islands">
List of international cricketers from the Windward Islands

The Windward Islands are one of the regions which make up the West Indies cricket team. It has produced international cricketers in all forms of the game—Tests, One Day Internationals (ODIs) and Twenty20 Internationals (T20Is). In cricketing terms the Windward Islands are made up from the following nations: Dominica, Grenada, Saint Lucia and Saint Vincent and the Grenadines. The current captain of the West Indies team is the Saint Lucian Darren Sammy, who is the only player from the Windwards to hold this position.
The Vincentian Alphonso Roberts became the first player from the Windwards to represent the West Indies when he played his only Test match in 1956. The only players from the Windwards to have played in over thirty Test matches are the Grenadians Junior Murray and Devon Smith. Smith is the highest Test and ODI run scorer from the Windwards. Winston Davis is the leading Test wicket taker from the Windwards, while Nixon McLean has taken the most ODI wickets.
Key.
"Statistics correct as of: 2011 Cricket World Cup"

</doc>
<doc id="30920758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30920758" title="Bussi">
Bussi

Bussi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30920803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30920803" title="NCAA Division I softball career 200 RBIs list">
NCAA Division I softball career 200 RBIs list

There are currently 68 batters and 42 records in the 200 RBIs Club:
Progression.
Jenny Dalton drove in her 316th career RBI on a grand slam home run against Shawn Starling of Troy Trojans on May 17, 1996; Dalton surpassed former teammate Laura Espinoza for the record.
Leah Braatz became just the third batter (all Arizona Wildcats) to collect 300 RBIs for a career in Pac-10 play of 1998.
Base on Balls.
In addition, there are currently 16 hitters in the 200 RBIs club that have amassed at least 150 walks in their career:
Stacey Nuveman - 240; Kaitlin Cochran - 235; Jenny Topping - 200; Alissa Goler - 184; Kristen Rivera - 180; Jenny Dalton - 178; Jennifer Cline - 175; Leah Braatz - 173; Cheyenne Coyle - 171; Katelyn Boyd - 167; Stacie Chambers - 158; Samantha Findlay - 157; Holly Tankersley - 156; Tonya Callahan - 154; Tiffany Huff - 152; Taylor Edwards - 150.

</doc>
<doc id="30920828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30920828" title="Rignano">
Rignano

Rignano may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30920861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30920861" title="Yücel İldiz">
Yücel İldiz

Yücel İldiz (born 4 June 1953) is a Turkish football manager. He has managed several clubs around Turkey, most notably Malatyaspor and Orduspor.

</doc>
<doc id="30920896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30920896" title="Steve Howitt">
Steve Howitt

Steven S. Howitt is the current member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives for the 4th Bristol district.

</doc>
<doc id="30920903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30920903" title="Post-Reformation Digital Library">
Post-Reformation Digital Library

The Post-Reformation Digital Library (PRDL) is a database of digitized books from the early modern era. The collected titles are directly linked to full-text versions of the works in question. The bibliography was initially inclined toward Protestant writers from the Reformation and immediate Post-Reformation era (the later sometimes characterized as the age of Protestant Scholasticism). In its current development the project is moving toward being a comprehensive database of early modern theology and philosophy and also includes late medieval and patristic works printed in the early modern period.
The database is a project of the Junius Institute for Digital Reformation Research at Calvin Theological Seminary, and was produced in cooperation with the H. Henry Meeter Center for Calvin Studies, a joint undertaking of Calvin College and Calvin Theological Seminary. 
As bibliographical projects such as VD 16, VD 17, and English Short Title Catalogue, have a more narrow national or regional focus, meta-bibliographical tools such as PRDL and Early Modern Thought Online play a vital role in facilitating scholarship in the rapidly changing technological landscape.

</doc>
<doc id="30920917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30920917" title="Shuanglong Cave">
Shuanglong Cave

Shuanlong Cave () is a water-filled karst cave located some from Jinhua City, Zhejiang Province, People's Republic of China.
Description.
The cave is high and long with a total area in excess of . Formed around 100 million years ago, the entrance is flanked on both sides by stalactites that resemble dragon heads (龙头/龍头, "lóng tóu"), hence the Chinese name for the cave. Since the entrance only has a clearance of around above the cave's water level, visitors must lie down in a boat in order to gain access.
The cave's interior is criss-crossed by stalactites and stalagmites and also features an high stone waterfall.
Shuanglong Cave also provides access to the adjacent Binghu Cave via a series of stone steps.
The surrounding Shuanglong Scenic Area (双龙风景名胜区), covering , is a 4A rated national tourist attraction. It contains other karst caves including the Taoyuan Cave (桃源洞), Chaozhen Cave (朝真洞) and Bingbao Cave (冰瀑洞) as well as the following sub-areas:

</doc>
<doc id="30920921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30920921" title="List of Victorious characters">
List of Victorious characters

This is a list of characters from the Nickelodeon sitcom Victorious. The series centers around Tori Vega, a student of Hollywood Arts High School, who gets into wacky screwball situations on a daily basis.
Main characters.
Tori Vega.
Tori Vega (Victoria Justice) is the younger sister of Trina Vega and the older sister of Rose Marie Vega, which makes her the middle daughter of the Vega family and attends Hollywood Arts, a performing arts high school, along with her sister.
Tori is admitted to Hollywood Arts after taking her sister's place in a big showcase at the school. Trina comes down with an allergic reaction to a Chinese herb and Tori is volunteered by Andre to take her place. Tori performs "Make it Shine" the theme song of the show and everyone is impressed with her performance, including the principal who offers her enrollment to the school. Though initially feeling out of place at Hollywood Arts, Tori makes new, supportive friends and gets more comfortable. From there onward, the show details Tori's journey as she gets into wacky situations, and has differences and adventures with her friends, as she finds herself along the way. She is one of the favorite students of Sikowitz.
She is depicted as creative, nice, caring, forgiving, responsible, positive, easy-going, and friendly, though she can be sneaky and vindictive, going as low as to manipulate her friends and family (especially Trina), but will always do the right thing. Tori is shown to care for her friends and family a lot and is willing to help them no matter what, even when she is hesitant to.
Tori is friends with Beck, Cat, Robbie and the closest to Andre. She often considers Jade as her friend but Jade likes to think otherwise, in some episodes Tori and Jade are friends but in most of them Jade dislikes Tori a lot.
Age: 16-17 (Season 1 and 2) and 17-18 (season 3 and 4)
Andre Harris.
Andre Harris (Leon Thomas III) is Tori's best friend. Andre is an aspiring musician who loves to perform and write his own songs. He can play many instruments, including the guitar, keyboard, piano, and the French horn, but prefers the keyboard and piano. Andre takes his music seriously and is usually seen playing at all of Tori's performances. He is an amazing singer and songwriter, having co-written nearly every song Tori has sung. He also often gets Tori to sing back-up for him at his own performances.
Andre is shown to be witty and kind and Tori often relies on him for support in her time of need, and he is always there for her, although he is easily distracted at times. He is the guy Tori and the others come to for help or advice on anything. He also likes to make jokes, but none of the other characters find him humorous. He does not like nuts.
We are not told much about Andre's personal life, but we do know that he has an extremely crazy grandmother, an uncle who is a real estate agent and a cousin who acts.
In "Jade Gets Crushed", Andre develops feelings for Jade after they work together on a song for a project and Andre hears her sing. At the end of episode, he tells Tori that it seems that he is over Jade, but his former crush on Jade is mentioned again in "Tori Fixes Beck and Jade" .
Robbie Shapiro.
Robert "Robbie" Shapiro (Matt Bennett) is one of Tori's friends at Hollywood Arts. He speaks along with a puppet, Rex Powers, whom he and all others speak to as if it were an actual person. Robbie is a skilled ventriloquist, but he was un-credited for his talent until "Freak The Freak Out", but he is shown to be confused about it, not understanding why he was referred to as a "ventriloquist", which jokingly indicates that Rex has a mind of his own and is not controlled by Robbie at all. He is said to have Rex since he was little and can almost always be seen with Rex. Robbie personifies Rex, which leads to many an argument about Rex's true sentience. He constantly argues that Rex isn't a puppet or dummy when told otherwise. Robbie is closest to Rex, though Rex ridicules him often, and is shown to be affectionate towards him.
Robbie is considered extremely nerdy, shy, and socially awkward, but a good, loyal, and honest friend to his friends. Robbie has a great deal of trouble with girls, relationships, or how to attract girls. It is often hinted that Robbie may be in love with Cat, and is proven true in the episode "The Blonde Squad" where Robbie is shown to have wrote the song "I Think You're Swell" for her that he sings to her at the end of the episode. It is about what a great person she is, and how they get along so well, and that she is all he thinks about. She however, does not appear to get the true feelings behind it, though she does appear to greatly enjoy the song. He is also shown to be the only one who knows Cat's full name, Caterina. He does not seem to have a sense of privacy. His only relative who has ever been seen is his grandmother. It is revealed that Robbie is intolerant to gluten, otherwise known as Celiac Disease, and also that he is a Vegan, although this was a reference to the word virgin, as used in "The Breakfast Bunch". It is revealed in "Wok Star" Robbie is Jewish because he spent his Bar Mitzvah money on leather pants and male make-up. He is also mistaken for a girl in a couple episodes like in "Locked Up" he is put on the wrong side of the fence in jail splitting the girls side from the boys side. In the "Blond Squad" Cat is upset and Robbie says, "Any guy would be as lucky as cheese to 
go out with you". Cat replies by saying,"Thanks Robbie, but you don't know how guys think".
Jade West.
Jade West (Elizabeth Gillies) is a frenemy of Tori from Hollywood Arts. She is gothically-clothed – always wearing dark clothes with eyebrow piercings and different colors of streaks in her hair – and is the girlfriend of Beck Oliver. She is very protective of her boyfriend, that she has been known to lash out at anyone who she views as a threat to their relationship, and shows little affection for her friends, but really does care for them- even Tori, who has topped her in various ways in the past. Jade has been known to take obsession in triumphing over any enemies or rivals she may find, and occasionally has been known to take an interest in bizarre, dark, or unusual things that usually would repulse or frighten other people. She has a "thing" for scissors, as you can see her holding scissors in many episodes, and was told on "The Slap"—the Hollywood Arts website.
In "Ice Cream for Ke$ha", it is revealed that her childhood was a dark and unhappy one, her favorite plaything being a hammer, and that she had been raised by an unsupportive and similarly emotionless father.
She is also seen to be an amazing singer and actress, which are her main talents that got her in Hollywood Arts. She and Beck broke up in the episode "The Worst Couple" but got back together in the episode "Tori Fixes Beck and Jade."
Cat Valentine.
Caterina "Cat" Valentine (Ariana Grande) is one of Tori's strangest friends from Hollywood Arts. She is fun and energetic and sometimes oblivious. As seen in some episodes, she is revealed to be somewhat smart, just a little air headed. In a video on TheSlap she reveals that her full name is Caterina but only her grandmother calls her by her full name. It was also revealed by Robbie in "The Blonde Squad" when he yelled "Caterina Valentine, I will not sit here anymore and listen to you talk bad about yourself! You're adorable!" She is relatively friendly and liked by all of the students. She is sweet, naive, bubbly and happy, often unsuspecting of what is really going on around her. She has a playful nature, and has a very short attention span so she can easily be distracted with colorful items by the others when they want her out of the way. She can be somewhat of a drama queen, and doesn't take criticism very well. She often screams ""What's that supposed to mean!?"" when offended, which is very often and has become her catchphrase. Cat often says random and strange things which leaves the others, especially Jade, confused or annoyed.
Cat is also an extremely talented singer and actress, as seen in "Freak The Freak Out" where she sings a duet with Jade, and in the crossover episode "iParty with Victorious" where she shows a high vocal range. A running gag of the series is Cat often telling her friends or strangers about her brother, who seems to have many unnatural problems, all of which Cat doesn't seem to find strange or abnormal. She has bright red hair, that she dyed to resemble her favorite snack, a red velvet cupcake. Andre has a nickname for her "Little Red", which she took offense to at first, but then called it "creative". It is revealed in the "The Breakfast Bunch" that she is a vegan. Through the series, she has become more ditzy and over the top, with a higher-pitched voice and her abnormal conversations. In 2011 she crossed over to "iCarly" in the episode, iParty with Victorious. 
In January 2013, Cat's parents move away to be with her mentally ill brother so Cat goes to live with her grandmother, who she calls 'Nona'. When Victorious airs its final season, Cat becomes a co-lead character on the crossover spin-off, "Sam & Cat" a sitcom that began airing in 2013. Sam & Cat become roommates when Cat's Nona goes to live in Elderly Acres. Technically, Sam & Cat met each other in 2011 in the iCarly episode, iParty with Victorious but neither of them made much contact. Sam and Cat later set up a babysitting service to raise some extra cash. Sam & Cat's home is stated to be 'the poshest apartment in the building'.
Beck Oliver.
Beck Oliver (Avan Jogia) is Jade's boyfriend. He and Jade have been together for over two years. He likes to tease Jade and make her jealous because of the ways that she reacts to it. Beck seems to be the only one who can really calm Jade down and is the only one who has some control over her.
Beck is seen as soft-spoken, friendly and open. Although he is shown to get annoyed and even lose his temper, usually by Robbie or Trina, he is normally calm and collected. He and Andre are shown to be close friends. His own locker is transparent, which is his way of saying that he has no secrets, revealed to Tori when she was attempting to find an idea for her own locker. 
He lives in a trailer parked in his parents' driveway because as he stated "my roof, my rules". In the season 2 premiere, Jade mentions that Beck is Canadian.
It is shown in "Beck Falls For Tori" and "iParty with Victorious" that Beck has never felt true terror nor has he ever been scared by anything. He usually tries to keep peace in the group and hold everyone together. Beck breaks up with Jade in season 3 episode, "The Worst Couple". In the episode "Tori Goes Platinum" Beck tries to kiss Tori, finally revealing to her that he has feelings for her, but she rejects him because of Jade. In the episode, Tori Fixes Beck and Jade, Beck and Jade get back together and share a kiss shortly after Beck realizes how much he misses her and he loves her. After this episode their relasionship is stronger and fresh. It is later mentioned in the sequel/spin-off show Sam and Cat the two are still in a relationship.
Trina Vega.
Trina Vega (Daniella Monet) is Tori's older sister, who also attends Hollywood Arts. It is assumed that Trina is half Latina, like Tori. Trina's allergic reaction to a Chinese herb gargle in the pilot episode forces Tori to fill in for her in the school's big showcase, which leads to Tori being offered admission to Hollywood Arts.
Trina believes that acting and singing is her destiny, and is oblivious to her actual lack of any talent (however, some consider her performance in the song "Shut Up N' Dance" quite good, though it does appear in the April-Fools episode, which largely disregards series continuity). In fact, the only reason Trina is even in Hollywood Arts in the first place is that Mr. Sikowitz had a coconut-induced hallucination during Trina's audition, which turned her performance into a psychedelic extravaganza, and every other judge was out at the time. Trina is quite selfish and shallow most of the time, and is portrayed as being extremely difficult to deal with, sometimes even being called a "monster". However, before she was admitted to Hollywood Arts, she was depicted at her audition as a shy, sweet, nerdy girl. Her ego may have developed after Sikowitz told her how "great" she was.
Despite Trina's shallow exterior, she can be concerned about her sister when she wants to be. Later in the series, she showed some minor character growth (such as in "Locked Up!" when she tries to get Tori out of prison). Among the other characters, Tori can seem to be the most intolerant of her, which might be explained by constant exposure to Trina's ego at home (or the others simply not caring enough to be so annoyed).
Trina also seems to have bad luck, as she often gets hurt. Some examples include: Falling from the ceiling, and a wall falling on her, getting hit in the face with flour, and getting hit with a box of shoes.
By the final episode "Victori-yes", Trina has landed a role on a Spanish-language television show titled "Divertisimo", which she boasts is "a high-quality television show with top-notch acting". She is eventually shown portraying a giant piece of cheese being tormented by kids in mouse costumes.
Rex Powers.
Rex Powers (physically portrayed by a ventriloquist dummy named Christopher Cane, puppeteered by Matt Bennett) is Robbie's alter ego, who is literally a dummy that Robbie carries around everywhere. Robbie has had Rex since he was young. Since Robbie is too shy to speak for himself most of the time, he talks as Rex, using him to voice his actual feelings and thoughts. The others treat Rex as a real person, and both Robbie and Rex dislike it when Rex is called a "dummy" or "puppet". Rex is obsessed with "Northridge Girls", dumb, talentless and 'easy' girls from a Los Angeles neighborhood.
In "Rex Dies" he gets sucked into a wind machine and is taken to the hospital (even though he is a dummy). Rex is shown to have a huge crush on Tori and constantly hits on her, though she is annoyed by his affection. Robbie often turns to Rex for advice and insight, though Rex's advice is almost always off-beat. Rex is sarcastic and mean, especially to Robbie, though it is shown that neither can stay without the other.
In the first 3 seasons, Rex is always in Robbie's company. In season 4, for unexplained reasons, Robbie is frequently seen without Rex.
Recurring characters.
Sinjin.
Sinjin Van Cleef (Michael Eric Reid) is a strange, interesting and questionable student at Hollywood Arts. He is nerdy, disturbing, and very weird, often considered stranger than even Robbie or Cat; his locker has his chewed up food on it and he also likes to collect the teeth of past presidents' relatives. He is usually used as a fake date or bribed to fake date someone (Cat) or a dance (Trina) . He seems to have a crush on Jade. He usually interrupts conversations with weird comments that don't make sense. They are usually between Tori or Trina and a friend like Andre and Cat. He is a fan of disco music and has a huge crush on Tori and Jade, despite the fact that both show more irritation than interest in his presence. Sinjin is skilled in the background work on the school's productions and performances. He is shown to be proficient with audio, lighting, and making props and is the apparent leader of the technical team. He appears in almost every episode of the series, except for "Stage Fighting"," "Cat's New Boyfriend," "Sleepover at Sikowitz's," "Locked Up!", "The Breakfast Bunch" and "Driving Tori Crazy". It is revealed in "A Christmas Tori" that he has a sister named Courtney (played by Dominique Grund) who also attends Hollywood Arts.
Sikowitz.
Erwin Sikowitz (pronounced "psycho-wits") (Eric Lange) is the hippie-like acting teacher at Hollywood Arts. His habits might be interpreted as weird and his methods are shown to be often very strange (such as throwing a ball at Cat while she was performing), but at times very effective. He often walks around barefoot when he teaches or anytime really. He likes to enter the class through the window and is almost always seen drinking from a coconut because, as Jade says, "the milk gives him visions". Tori gave him two dollars on her first day at Hollywood Arts, thinking he was homeless. He also gave Cat, Jade, Beck, Andre, and Robbie permission to start a fake ping-pong team to make money and have a fancy dinner. He claims to be 34 years old in "The Diddly-Bops". He appears in "Pilot", "The Bird Scene", "Beck's Big Break", "The Great Ping Pong Scam", "Cat's New Boyfriend", "Freak The Freak Out", "Rex Dies", "The Diddly-Bops", "Sleepover at Sikowitz's", "Beck Falls for Tori", "Tori Gets Stuck", "Prom Wrecker", "Locked Up!", "iParty with Victorious", "Helen Back Again", "Tori Tortures Teacher", "Terror on Cupcake Street", "A Christmas Tori", The Gorilla Club, Tori & Jade's Playdate, April Fools Blank, How Trina Got In, Tori Goes Platinum (parts 1-2), Crazy Ponnie, Cell Block, Robbie Sells Rex, Star Spangled Tori and Victori-yes. "Pilot" is the only episode where he is referred to as Mr. Sikowitz. In all other episodes, he is just called Sikowitz. In "Sleepover at Sikowitz's", it is revealed that he has a nephew named Jason, who went out on a date with Cat, although the results are not mentioned. His catchphrase is "Good Gandhi!" As strange as Sikowitz is, he is the favorite teacher of Tori, Cat, Jade, Beck, Andre, and Robbie, and is very open and comfortable with them.
Sikowitz is regularly seen drinking from a coconut (he once drank fermented coconut milk and had visions during Trina's audition). In one episode when Tori goes to him asking for help he is hanging upside down from the ceiling, and in another he stored his grandmother in the corner before slinging her over his shoulder and taking her to the hospital. He has an extremely strange house as revealed in "Sleepover at Sikowitz's". At the Hollywood Arts Prom he brought a pile of tires, matches and a bottle of fuel, thinking for unknown reasons that they were going to have a bonfire of tires.
Lane.
Lane Alexander (Lane Napper) is the school's guidance counselor for Hollywood Arts. Lane is a good guidance counselor, and often helps students with their problems and resolves their arguments, but sometimes can be reluctant at times, asking students "Why Me?". He is usually the one making the big announcements at school. He appears to either hate dry skin or is obsessed with lotion (as seen in "The Wood", when he squirts lotion over Robbie and Trina for arguing over the Grub Truck and making Festus break his arm), as he can be seen frequently applying lotion to his hands. He has a nephew named Devon, as seen in "The Diddly-Bops". Lane is the one who made The Wood leave (and showing he's not afraid to get physical), because it was becoming an issue with the students and disrupting the learning environment. He tends to be a bit extreme in his dealings, such as when he issued a two-week detention to Tori for an accidental hit on Jade during a stage fighting practice. He appears in "Pilot", "The Bird Scene", "Stage Fighting", "Tori The Zombie", "Robarazzi", "Beck's Big Break", "The Great Ping Pong Scam", "Cat's New Boyfriend", "The Diddly Bops", "The Wood", "Tori Gets Stuck", "iParty With Victorious", "Who Did It to Trina?", "Tori Tortures Teacher", and "Jade Gets Crushed". As revealed on his profile on TheSlap.com, Lane's last name is Alexander.
David and Holly Vega.
David and Holly Vega ( and ) appear in "Pilot", "The Birthweek Song", "Sleepover at Sikowitz's", "Locked Up", and "Jade Gets Crushed" though their mother appeared in "Robarazzi", "A Film by Dale Squires","Driving Tori Crazy", "Cell Block", and "Helen Back Again", and their dad appears in "Freak the Freak Out", "Locked Up", and "Car, Rain and Fire". They are shown to be caring and loving parents, but when their daughters get too out of control, they tend to stay out of it and go off doing something else, which is indicating that they are very unhelpful parents. For example, in "Freak the Freak Out", Trina gets her wisdom teeth removed and their parents decide to go out of town so they wouldn't have to take care of her, knowing she would go out of control. Their dad is a cop, which Tori likes to point out at times, usually to Sinjin, but also to others especially if someone is annoying her.
Andre's grandmother.
Charlotte Harris () is Andre's grandmother. She is mentally unstable and often paranoid about things, for example that in the episode "Wi-Fi in the Sky" she got scared seeing her reflection in the mirror, and screams "ANDRE, THERE'S ANOTHER "ME" ON THE WALL!!!". Andre tells Tori in the "Pilot" episode that her coming to see Trina perform "Make it Shine" that this is the first time in six years that she has left her house. He also mentions in "Survival of the Hottest" that before she lost her mind, she used to tell him, "Andre, no matter how bad things get, you can always make it better by singing a song" (to which Trina says, "That's. So. STUPID!".) She is shown to almost be afraid of everything including various sensible objects (such as clocks and mirrors). When she is greeted by new people, she hides behind anything she finds, while simultaneously shouting out "I don't know you!" She often snaps at Andre, and is possibly the only way she communicates with anyone. In "Wi-Fi in the Sky," she yells at Andre for "talking to himself" when he was in reality video chatting with Tori, Cat, and Beck, then freaks out and punches Andre's computer. During an interview on a video on TheSlap.com in which Andre read off her crazy text messages, her first name is revealed to be Charlotte. She has appeared in "Pilot", "Wi-Fi in the Sky", "Sleepover At Sikowitz's", "iParty With Victorious", and "Driving Tori Crazy".
Mrs. Lee.
Mrs. Lee (Susan Chuang) is the owner of Tori's favorite Chinese restaurant Wok Star, who volunteers to pay to produce Jade's play. But things get complicated when Mrs. Lee makes drastic changes to the script, and wants to put her daughter, Daisy in the play. Mrs. Lee returns in the episode "Andre's Horrible Girl", now operating a Sushi bar called Nozu after Wok Star burns down. This prompts Tori to ask if she is actually Chinese or Japanese, which she answers with a smack to Tori's head. She later appears in the third-season episode "How Trina Got In", making Tori and Robbie chop a pile of squid after they can't pay their bill, and in the fourth-season episode "The Hambone King".
Festus.
Festus (Marco Aiello) is the proprietor of The Grub Truck. He appears in "Beck's Big Break" "The Wood", and "Locked Up!". In "The Wood", he was injured by Robbie and Trina and they were forced to replace him for a short time. Tori and Jade accidentally destroyed his car in the same episode and had to take him home in a wheelbarrow. He is the one who tells Tori about his home country, Yerba, and how they could stay there if they perform a song every day and the country would pay for the hotel rooms in the episode "Locked Up!". He either has or may have a habit of lying to customers. In "Beck's Big Break" when Tori asked for a sandwich he said he only served burritos but gave her a sandwich anyway. In the same episode, he's also shown to scream at people who aren't there when in the Grub Truck.
Burf.
Burf (Darsan Solomon) is a student who goes to Hollywood Arts and always hangs out with Sinjin. He was first seen in the episode Tori & Jade's Playdate spying on Tori & Jade for Sikowitz so they can't escape Nozu. Then, he appeared in Driving Tori Crazy when Cat offers him a bag of rags. Then, he appeared in "The Blonde Squad". He has also appeared in "Tori Goes Platinum", he sent in a video for the contest singing 5 Fingaz' to the Face. In Tori & Jades Playdate he was seen eating a yellow pepper. He has also appeared in the Season 4 episode, Wanko's Warehouse
when they were waiting in the line for the big sale in the morning and with Tori asking them if they can join them so they can sneak inside so they be the first ones their for the sale the next day.
Minor characters.
Principal Eikner.
Principal Eikner (David Starzyk) is the former principal of Hollywood Arts. Though he is rarely seen in the show, he is mentioned in many subsequent episodes. He appears in "Pilot" and "Helen Back Again". In "Helen Back Again", he resigns as principal after announcing his engagement to a Tahitian woman and plans to move to Tahiti. He is also seen in the episode "How Trina Got In," where he appears in the flashbacks of Andre, Jade, Beck, and Sikowitz.
Cat's brother.
Cat frequently mentions her brother who is yet to be named. He is often mentioned as a focal point of bizarre off-screen antics, which either happen to him or which he causes himself. Examples include eating Cat's charm bracelet, getting stabbed in Japan, biting Cat on the foot, falling from a terrace onto a shuttle bus, being shot by a clown, painting his body purple for a job interview, and (most disturbingly) somehow procuring twelve gallons of real blood for Jade's play. On TheSlap, Cat revealed he isn't allowed outside by himself and that he plays "hide and seek" with the police. His favorite flavor of ice cream is "Funky Nut Blast", as revealed in "Ice Cream for Ke$ha". In "Car, Rain and Fire", Tori, Cat, and Jade borrow Cat's brother's car which had unusual features such as a coverless roof, rope for a seat belt and a bag of prosthetic feet in the trunk. In the episode, Cat says her brother is "pretty weird." She also mentions that he has a turtle with "special" problems. His first name is never revealed.
Ryder Daniels.
Ryder Daniels (Ryan Rottman) is a male student at Hollywood Arts who dated Tori for a short time. He is in the episode Beggin' on Your Knees where Tori found out from her friends that he uses girls to get good grades and then soon after breaks up with them. Tori then humiliates him in front of the whole school by singing "Beggin' on Your Knees" to him.
Hayley Ferguson.
Hayley Ferguson (Jillian Clare) is a girl who competed against Cat and Jade in a karaoke contest with her friend Tara Ganz in Freak The Freak Out. They won the contest against Jade and Cat because her father is the owner of Karaoke Dokie and the judge of the Karaoke Contest. Before the contest she started flirting with Beck which started a feud between her and Jade. She has a very mean and snobbish attitude especially toward Jade. Hayley and Tara were easily defeated when Tori performed her new song, "Freak the Freak Out" under the disguise of Louise Nordoff, and after she and Tara lost the bet to Tori, was forced to "babysit" Trina, who had recently gotten her wisdom teeth removed and made it really hard to take care of her.
Tara Ganz.
Tara Ganz (Jamie Snow) is a girl who competed against Cat and Jade in a karaoke contest with her friend Hayley Ferguson is in Freak The Freak Out where she won the contest against Jade and Cat because her friend Hayley's father owned Karaoke Dokie and was the judge of the contest. Before the contest she flirted with Andre with Hayley flirting with Beck. They officially lose when Tori Vega (disguised as Louise Nordoff), sings Freak the Freak Out, and they are forced to "babysit" Trina. She also appears in "Tori Goes Platinum", Tara tried out for the contest but lost.
Principal Helen.
Principal Helen Dubois (Yvette Nicole Brown) is the current principal of Hollywood Arts. She only appears in "Helen Back Again" and is not a main character.
Note: Her role in "Drake & Josh" is mentioned when she talked about her previous job at Premiere as the manager and at the end when she says "And I thought Crazy Steve was crazy"; earlier when Sikowitz asks her to tell about herself, she first mentions "Happy Times" and her role saying "That is not my job!", and she also says that she managed the Premiere Movie Theater in San Diego. Also, even though Helen is from Drake & Josh, in the episode "Who Did It to Trina?", Cat mentions an episode from Drake & Josh and Tori says it is from a TV show.
Mamaw.
Mamaw (Renée Taylor) is Robbie's grandmother who has strong dislike of Cat; she only appeared in "The Birthweek Song". She lives with her husband Maury. She is very computer illiterate and constantly has to ask Robbie for help to the point where he is annoyed and convinces her that the internet has been cancelled. Her role in her first appearance mirrors her actress's previous role as Sylvia Fine in "The Nanny", such as encouraging her grandchild to have a successful love life, a loud voice, and even a loud, unseen husband whose name is Morty. Her dislike for Cat steams from her dyeing her hair the color of red velvet cupcakes; she specifically says that "a girl doesn't dye her hair that color unless she has psychological problems!".
Vice Principal Dickers.
Dickers (Rob Riggle) is the vice principal of Hollywood Arts, who appears in "The Breakfast Bunch". He is the one who gave detention to Tori and the gang after they end up late in class.
Mona Patterson.
Mona Patterson (Shirley Jones) is one of Cat's favorite actresses, who is best known for her role in a show from the 1960s called I Married My Mom. Thinking that she had literally died, Cat, Tori, and Jade go on a road trip to her house in San Diego to honor her and leave a candle on her doorstep. However, they realize that it was a mistake and Mona is still alive. Mona's reaction toward Cat, Tori, and Jade were very unwelcoming to the point that Mona took out a super soaker and sprayed Jade, Tori and Cat away from her property, even though they were already wet. She is cast in a TV show called The Dead, where she plays David Schwimmer's wife. Her house caught on fire when Cat's cinnamon bun scented candle accidentally started a fire on the front porch of her house and soon after she was rushed to a hospital where she was resting very uncomfortably. When Tori and Cat found out, Cat is shocked and Tori gives Cat a gesture to never speak of this to anyone. Mona Patterson's situation is currently unknown.
Hope Quincy.
Hope Quincy (Meagan Holder) is a girl who dated Andre in the "Andre's Horrible Girl". She is very pushy and controlling to Andre, often forcing him to do things such as wear the clothes she wants him to wear. Andre and Tori perform the song, Countdown, at her birthday party, which is held at Nozu. She throws a fit when there is no spicy tuna at her party. She also gets knocked out as she tries to save her presents when an earthquake hits.
Mason Thornesmith.
Mason Thornesmith (Charles Shaughnessy) is the producer of the Platinum Music Awards, he appears in the episode "Tori Goes Platinum" and "Robbie Sells Rex". He tried to make Tori dress outrageously and to act very mean and obnoxious to many people to make hype for her. Mason also threatened to cancel her performance on the Platinum Music Awards if she didn't obey him. He has a bratty son named Francis which is played by Cole Jensen.
Ponnie/Fawn Lebowitz.
Ponnie (Jennette McCurdy) is in "Crazy Ponnie" where she befriends Tori Vega, but Ponnie keeps disappearing from everyone else with Tori, making the other Hollywood Arts students think Tori has gone crazy. She has lunch in the girls' bathroom and tells Tori that she was in the spring showcase with Tori, that she has been going to Hollywood Arts for three years and that she was kicked out because they needed to make room for Tori, but in reality, she was expelled because she's completely crazy. According to Sikowitz, her real name is Fawn Lebowitz and that "she stole things, carried weird stuff in her backpack, and called everyone Debbie." At the end of the episode she was arrested and Tori and Trina were driven home by a cop who actually turned out to be Ponnie.
Moose.
Moose (Brandon Jones) is a boy who is friends with Beck and is from Canada. He was first seen in the episode Three Girls and a Moose when Tori, Cat, and Jade try to win the affection of him. Tori tries to impress him with a hockey trivia. Jade tries to impress him with their mutual favorite movie, "The Scissoring". Cat tries to impress him by cooking burgers. At the end, Moose then explains that he likes Canadian girls because they like hockey, are much bigger, and aren't as weird as "L.A. Girls". After Cat and Tori sing a song titled "L.A. Boys", Jade tries to take him to Karaoke Dokie but stops her car and they make out.
Kojeezy.
Kojeezy (Kool Kojak) is a guy who is a music producer and is in the episode The Bad Roommate. Tori stole Andre's beat and he got mad so Tori invited him to make some lyrics with her so they can sing it for him tomorrow. The next day, they perform their brand new song, "Faster than Boyz" which Kojeezy likes and will maybe produce and buy. Andre and Tori are thrilled when Kojeezy suddenly states that they have to pass "The Baby Test" which is a test to see if the baby will cry (which means wont produce and buy) or smile (which means will produce and buy). The baby ended up crying so Kojeezy wont be producing and buying the song.
Francis Thornesmith.
Francis Thornesmith (Cole Jensen) is Mason Thornesmith's 12-year old only son. He appears in the episode Robbie Sells Rex when he offers Robbie $2,000 if he can keep Rex. He trades Robbie the $2,000 dollars + his puppet, Gonther which Robbie hates because he doesn't bully him like Rex does. Robbie & Tori tries to get Rex back by hiring a 12-year old girl, Rhoda Hellberg to kiss him which Rhoda does. He enjoys it and throws Rex on the ground which means that he doesn't care about Rex anymore also stating that "I don't need a stupid puppet, I got me a woman!".
Rhoda Hellberg.
Rhoda Hellberg (Mackenzie Brook Smith) is a 12-year-old girl who only appears in the episode, Robbie Sells Rex. Her mother took her to Hollywood Arts so Rhoda can apologize to Sikowitz for hitting him with an egg while in the shower. She has an attitude and attacked Tori. Also, she was hired to kiss Francis Thornesmith so Robbie can get Rex back since he sold it to Francis who gave him his puppet Gunther and $2,000. Her personality is very similar to Sam from iCarly and Sam & Cat.
Mrs. Hellberg.
Mrs. Hellberg (TBA) is a woman who has one daughter named Rhoda who has an attitude and only appeared in the episode, Robbie Sells Rex. She took Rhoda to Hollywood Arts so Rhoda can apologize to Sikowitz for hitting him with an egg while in the shower.

</doc>
<doc id="30920939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30920939" title="2011–12 New Jersey Devils season">
2011–12 New Jersey Devils season

The New Jersey Devils 2011–12 season was the 38th season for the National Hockey League franchise that was established on June 11, 1974, and 30th season since the franchise relocated to New Jersey to start the 1982–83 NHL season. The Devils hoped to return to the playoffs after having their long playoff streak snapped the previous year. While finishing fourth in the strong Atlantic division, they did rank sixth in the Eastern Conference, thus securing a playoff berth, and first round match-up against the Southeast division-winning Florida Panthers.
Offseason.
The focus of the Devils during the 2011 offseason was on finding a new coach and player signings. The main focus of the team was resigning Zach Parise and signing 4th-overall 2011 pick Adam Larsson to an entry level contract, although team CEO and general manager Lou Lamoriello did find the time to sign goaltender Johan Hedberg, as well as defenseman Andy Greene. Additionally, the team chose to suspend operations of the Trenton Devils, which was a minor league ECHL club that the team had used for player development, citing declining fan interest in the team and a desire to bring the organization more in line with other NHL organizations in terms of minor league affiliations.
The Devils announced the hiring of Peter DeBoer as the new head coach of the team on July 19, 2011.
Pre-season.
On June 30, 2011, the New Jersey Devils announced that they would play six games during the pre-season. There were three home games at the Prudential Center against the New York Rangers, New York Islanders, and Philadelphia Flyers. They also played two road games, one against the Islanders at Nassau Coliseum and one against the Flyers at Wells Fargo Center. One neutral site game against the Rangers took place at the Times Union Center, located in Albany, New York.
Regular Season.
The Devils had a very effective penalty kill during the regular season, allowing the fewest shorthanded goals in the League (27) and having the highest penalty-kill percentage (89.58%). They also scored the most shorthanded goals in the League (15) and allowed the most shorthanded goals in the League (13).
Playoffs.
The Devils clinched their 20th playoff berth in 22 seasons with a 5 - 0 Win over the Carolina Hurricanes on March 31, 2012. They finished the regular season with 102 points, finishing 4th in the Atlantic Division and 6th in the Eastern Conference. They beat the Florida Panthers in 7 games, with a game-winning goal in double overtime from rookie Adam Henrique. They went on to beat the Philadelphia Flyers in 5 games, and beat the New York Rangers in 6 games with another overtime goal from Henrique, winning their first Eastern Conference Championship since their 2003 run. The playoff run for the Devils concluded with a loss to the Los Angeles Kings in the 2012 Stanley Cup Finals, 4 games to 2.
Player statistics.
Skaters.
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; +/− = Plus/Minus; PIM = Penalty Minutes"
Goaltenders.
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Devils. Stats reflect time with Devils only.
‡Traded mid-season. Stats reflect time with Devils only.
Transactions.
The Devils have been involved in the following transactions during the 2011–12 season.
Draft.
The New Jersey Devils participated in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft, located at the Xcel Energy Center in St Paul, Minnesota, on June 24, 2011. Devils CEO, president, and general manager Lou Lamoriello, described as being "thrilled" at the chance to draft him, selected 6–3, 197 pounds Swedish defenseman Adam Larsson 4th overall. This was the Devils' highest pick in the draft since selecting Scott Neidermayer third overall in the 1991 NHL Entry Draft.
Final roster.
Updated June 6, 2012.<br>

</doc>
<doc id="30920947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30920947" title="Rafi Sarusi">
Rafi Sarusi

Rafi Sarusi is an Israeli footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="30920979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30920979" title="Lindley Johnson">
Lindley Johnson

Lindley Johnson (January 18, 1854 - February 27, 1937) was a noted Philadelphia Architect. Johnson was born in the Germantown neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and attended Germantown Academy before graduating from the University of Pennsylvania in 1875. He went on to be trained at École des Beaux-Arts for three years. 
Johnson spent one year in the office of Frank Furness, another noted Philadelphia architect before starting his own firm. 
He was one of the founders of Philadelphia's T-Square Club.

</doc>
<doc id="30921009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30921009" title="Inna Meiman-Kitrossky">
Inna Meiman-Kitrossky

Inna Meiman-Kitrossky (1932, Moscow, — 1987, Georgetown (Washington, D.C.)) was a refusenik, a member of a group of refuseniks-cancer patients, and an author of textbooks for the English language.
Life.
Inna Meiman was born as Ina Fuxson in a Jewish family in Moscow, and graduated from Moscow State Linguistic University, where she worked for many years teaching English. This experience resulted in being awarded a Ph.D. and also in two textbooks: (English as a second foreign language (basic level)), (Modern English (advanced level)), which was in usage in several Russian Universities. Meiman also translated from English to Russian and vice versa. She was married for several years and had a son.
In 1979, she applied for an exit visa for the first time, but after two years of waiting, she was refused. In 1981, she married the refusenik and activist for human rights, Naum Meiman, and became active in this field as well. She also started to teach Russian to foreigners, including the personnel of US embassy. The Meimans were under surveillance by the KGB, which disconnected the telephone in Meiman's flat and also searched their home.
In 1983, she was diagnosed with cancer which progressed quickly, requiring several surgeries. Naum Meiman worked hard to enable his wife to go abroad for treatment. Inna Meiman then joined the group of refuseniks-cancer patients. A campaign to help her gradually accelerated, which was joined by US Senators Gary Hart and Paul Simon. Inna Meiman met many people from abroad, and gave an interview to foreign TV. A young American student Lisa Paul, who was very impressed by Inna, held a 25-day hunger strike to bring attention to her case.
In 1987, at the inception of Perestroika, she was finally allowed to leave. Inna Meiman arrived in the US, but died after several weeks in February 1987 in Georgetown (Washington, D.C.). Naum Meiman was not allowed to attend her funeral in Washington D.C.
25 years later, Lisa Paul published a book of memoirs about Inna Meiman. Inna's Meiman life is a dramatic episode in the history of the refusenik movement and helped to expose the internal policy of the Soviet Union in the latter part of its existence. Naum Meiman died in Tel-Aviv, Israel in 2001. Inna's son and seven grandchildren have lived in Israel since 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="30921058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30921058" title="Menduh Thaçi">
Menduh Thaçi

Menduh Thaçi (born 3 March 1965) is the president of the Macedonian political party Democratic Party of Albanians.
Thaçi was born in Tetovo (Macedonia), his parents were both from Kosovo, he is the fifth of six children. He attended primary and secondary school in Tetovo and graduated from the University of Pristina.
He has been an active politician for 20 years. He started as vice-president of the Party for Democratic Prosperity of Albanians (PDPA). In 1997 a merger was formed between the Party for Democratic Prosperity of Albanians (PDPA) and the People's Democratic Party (NDP).
He was vice-president until the year 2006, at that time he was chosen President of the Party, after Arben Xhaferi resigned.
Thaçi remains on the US blacklist, as of July 2012, along with DUI vice-president Xhevat Ademi, president of New Democracy Kastriot Haxhirexha, and seven other Albanian Macedonian political figures for involvement in the 2001 ethnic Albanian insurgency.

</doc>
<doc id="30921072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30921072" title="Steven D'Amico">
Steven D'Amico

Steven J. D'Amico (born February 21, 1953 in Providence, Rhode Island) is an American politician who represented the 4th Bristol District in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 2007–2011 and served as town meeting member in Seekonk, Massachusetts from 1989–1995.

</doc>
<doc id="30921074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30921074" title="Emerald Sun">
Emerald Sun

Emerald Sun is a power metal band from Thessaloniki, Greece. It was formed in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="30921100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30921100" title="WFDF (disambiguation)">
WFDF (disambiguation)

WFDF may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30921128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30921128" title="Hangzhou Gymnasium">
Hangzhou Gymnasium

Hangzhou Gymnasium is an indoor sporting arena located in Hangzhou, China. The capacity of the arena is 5,136 spectators and opened in 1966. It hosts indoor sporting events such as basketball and volleyball. It hosts the Zhejiang Lions of the Chinese Basketball Association. 

</doc>
<doc id="30921133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30921133" title="Blake Gallagher">
Blake Gallagher

Blake Gallagher (born February 10, 1988) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player. He played for the Las Vegas Wranglers of the ECHL during the 2010-2011 season. He played for the Étoile Noire de Strasbourg of the Ligue Magnus during the 2011-2012 season. He played for the Grand Falls-Windsor Cataracts and the Clarenville Caribous of the Newfoundland Senior Hockey League during the 2012-2013 season. He played for the Mount Pearl Blades of the Newfoundland Senior Hockey League during the 2013-2014 season. 

</doc>
<doc id="30921179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30921179" title="Richard Crawford">
Richard Crawford

Richard Crawford may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30921183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30921183" title="Tarzan and the Brown Prince">
Tarzan and the Brown Prince

Tarzan and the Brown Prince is a 1972 Spanish/Italian co-production Tarzan film with Steve Sipek and Kitty Swan repeating their roles from 1968's "King of the Jungle". The film became a serialised Filipino graphic novel written in Tagalog and illustrated by Franc Reyes who acted as an illustrator on the film. The role of the Brown Prince was played by Filipino child actor Robin Aristorenas.
Synopsis.
After a ruler dies, tradition dictates the new ruler must accomplish a series of harrowing challenges whilst competing with other aspirants. One of them, a young prince (Robin Aristorenas) engages in the contest, but evildoers plan the young prince's demise. Tarzan protects him while ensuring he meets the tests.
Production.
Steve Sipek also known as Steve Hawkes gained recognition by playing Tarzan in two Spanish/Italian produced films. "Tarzán en la gruta del oro"/"King of the Jungle"/"Tarzan in the Golden Grotto" (1968) that was filmed in Suriname, South America, Florida, Africa, Spain and Italy where the producers ran out of money and had to begin filming again. Unlike his first "Tarzan" film, Sipek claimed the film company paid the huge licensing fees from Edgar Rice Burroughs' estate and were able to use the name "Tarzan" for the character.
Portions were filmed in Rainbow Springs Florida where both Sipek and Swan were burned in a fire that got out of control.

</doc>
<doc id="30921186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30921186" title="Yiwu Gymnasium">
Yiwu Gymnasium

Yiwu Gymnasium is an indoor sporting arena located in Yiwu, China. The capacity of the arena is 6,000 spectators and opened in 2005. It hosts indoor sporting events such as basketball and volleyball. It hosts the Zhejiang Golden Bulls of the Chinese Basketball Association. 

</doc>
<doc id="30921215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30921215" title="Changchun Gymnasium">
Changchun Gymnasium

Changchun Gymnasium is an indoor sporting arena located in Changchun, China. The capacity of the arena is 4,299 spectators and opened in 1957. It hosts indoor sporting events such as basketball and volleyball. Prior to 2012 it hosted the Jilin Northeast Tigers of the Chinese Basketball Association. The new arena is located on the campus of Northeast Normal University (Dongbei Shida 东北师大）

</doc>
<doc id="30921220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30921220" title="Poltergeist (band)">
Poltergeist (band)

Poltergeist, originally Carrion, is a Swiss power/thrash metal band that played from 1985 to 1993, and is now active as of 2013. Carrion made a total of two demos and one full length album under SriLanca Records. Poltergeist made a total of two full-length albums and three demos under Century Media Records. They also made a single and a full-length album under Haunted House Records. It is currently unknown if Poltergeist is signed to a label or working on a new album.
History.
The band was founded in 1985 as Carrion by guitarist and vocalist V.O. Pulver. Carrion was not renamed Poltergeist until the studio recording of Poltergeist's first demo in 1987. Carrion was "underground" and was signed under Gama/Sri Lanca Records, a small record company in Germany. Carrion's appearance was heavily influenced by glam metal, which was upcoming at the time. After the name change to Poltergeist, the departure of three other band members, and the addition of new singer André Grieder, the band changed drastically in terms of appearance and style. Poltergeist gained a cult following after the release of their first two albums, but became more well known after singer André Grieder recorded vocals on the "Cracked Brain" album for the popular thrash metal band Destruction. Poltergeist's albums were critically viewed as "good, but not good enough to set them apart." and the band broke up following the release of their final album in 1993.
At the end of 2013, Poltergeist announced their reunion. The line-up consists of V.O. Pulver, André Grieder, Marek Felis, Chasper Wanner, and Sven Vormann.
Style.
As Carrion, "Evil is There!" had a raw and edgy sound, which included harsh and erratic drum beats and vocals, as well as catchy riffs from the guitars. With a line up change and a new vocalist, the newly named Poltergeist's style began as a mix between power metal and thrash metal in their debut album "Depression". They decided to focus on thrash metal in their second album "Behind My Mask", which included more blast beats and less vocal chords. Their third and final album, "Nothing Lasts Forever", included more technicality due to star drummer Peter Haas, as well as deeper and more prominent guitar and vocal chords.
Post 1993 break-up.
V.O. Pulver and Marek Felis formed the still-active heavy metal band Gurd in 1994. Drummer Peter Haas played in the bands Mekong Delta, Babylon Sad, Calhoun Conquer, Krokus, Clockwork, Ain't Dead Yet, and Coroner. Former drummer Rolf Heer played for Braindead and Messiah. Former drummer Alex Lang played for the short-lived thrash band Cryonix.

</doc>
<doc id="30921231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30921231" title="Koome Island">
Koome Island

Koome is an island in Lake Victoria, Uganda. The correct spelling that matches the phonetic pronunciation is with two "O"s.
Location.
Koome Island is located in Mukono district, in northwestern Lake Victoria, in Central Uganda. It is one of the eighty-four (84) islands in the Ssese Islands archipelago and constitute Kalangala District. The islands lie in two main groups, the northeastern group and the southwestern group, separated by the Koome Channel. Koome is the largest island in the northeastern group. Other islands in the same group include: Damba Island, Luwaji Island, Ngamba-Chimpanzee Island, Bulago Island, Kayaga Island and others. This location lies approximately , by water, northeast of Kalangala, where the district headquarters are located. Koome also lies approximately , by water, southeast of Entebbe, the nearest large town.
Urban areas.
The largest urban area on the island is called Bugombe, located on the northwestern shore of the island. There is a health center on the island, Koome Health Center III, not far from Bugombe. In February 2011, PostBank Uganda announced that they will soon open a brick and mortar branch on Koome Island.
Economic activities.
The principal economic activity on Koome, as is the case with most adjacent islands in the Ssese Islands is fishing. Nile Perch is the species primarily fished, with most of the catch processed on the mainland for export. Overfishing is a concern. Other economic activities include agriculture, both crop and animal husbandry, logging and tourism.

</doc>
<doc id="30921261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30921261" title="Edward Southwell, 20th Baron de Clifford">
Edward Southwell, 20th Baron de Clifford

Edward Southwell, 20th Baron de Clifford (6 June 1738 – 1 November 1777) was a British politician.
He was the son of Edward Southwell by his wife Katherine, daughter of Edward Watson, Viscount Sondes. He was educated at Westminster School and Pembroke College, Cambridge.
He was elected to the British House of Commons as Member of Parliament for Bridgwater on 28 March 1761, sitting until 1763. On 23 November 1763 he was returned for Gloucestershire, sitting until 1776. He also represented Kinsale in the Irish House of Commons from May 1761 to 1768.
On 17 April 1776 the abeyance of the Barony of Clifford was terminated in his favour, and he entered the British House of Lords as 20th Baron de Clifford.
He died one year later. 
On 29 August 1765 Edward Southwell married Sophia, the daughter of Samuel Campbell of Mount Campbell. After her husband's death Lady de Clifford was appointed Governess to Princess Charlotte. 

</doc>
<doc id="30921263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30921263" title="Indian Claims Limitations Act">
Indian Claims Limitations Act

The Indian Claims Limitations Act of 1982 (ICLA) is a United States federal statute of limitations that governs some types of claims by Native American tribes and claims by the federal government on behalf of tribes.
Previous statutes.
Previous statutes of limitations had only applied to suits by non-Indian landowners against the federal government.
Congress enacted the first statute of limitations applicable to Native American land claims in 1966. The limitation was six years for contract and trespass claims, and three years for tort claims. There was no limitation for land title claims. Pre-1966 claims were deemed to have accrued on July 18, 1966, the date of passage.
Under the 1966 act, pre-1966 trespass claims would have become barred on July 18, 1972. That day, Congress extended the limitations period for pre-1966 claims an additional five years, to July 18, 1977. The 1972 acts also broadened the scope of the applicability of the limitation, to all civil actions brought by Indian tribes or individuals based upon contract, tort, or trespass theories.
Under the 1972 acts, pre-1966 trespass claims would have become barred in 1977. That year, Congress extended the limitations period again, until April 1, 1980.
Under the 1977 act, pre-1966 trespass claims would have become parred on April 1, 1980. Four days before that deadline, Congress again extended the limitations period, until December 31, 1982. That act required the Interior Secretary to determine which claims should not be litigated, and submit proposals to resolve those claims legislatively by June 30, 1981. The Secretary submitted zero proposals by this deadline, but did identify 17,000 pre-1962 claims by 1982.
Legislative history.
In 1982, for the first time, the Interior and Justice Departments failed to endorse an extension. The Native American Rights Fund (NARF) initiated a class action suit on behalf of all Indians and tribes with pre-1966 claims. On November 17, 1982, NARF obtained an order requiring the government to either submit a legislative proposal within 30 days or to initiate the 17,000 lawsuits itself before the statute expired. The United States District Court for the District of Columbia's decision loomed large in the Congressional debates.
One day before the pre-1966 claims would have become barred, Congress extended the limitations period a final time. This eliminated the statute of limitations entirely for some types of claims.
Provisions and interpretation.
The Indian Claims Limitation Act of 1982 required the Interior Secretary to publish in the "Federal Register", within 90 days, identify all pre-1966 claims, identify which pre-1966 claims were potentially meritorious, and identify which claims were suitable for litigation or legislation; further, Indian tribes and individuals were given 180 days thereafter to comment on the Secretary's findings. The Secretary did so, and modified the list in response to comments. The limitations status of pre-1966 claims depends in part upon those lists:
The status of other claims does not depend upon these lists:
According to "Oneida County v. Oneida Indian Nation of N.Y. State" (1985) [""Oneida II""], the 1982 Act "for the first time imposed a statute of limitations on certain tort and contract claims for damages brought by individual Indians and Indian tribes." "Oneida II", considering the Act, observed: "he statutory framework adopted in 1982 presumes the existence of an Indian right of action not otherwise subject to any statute of limitations. It would be a violation of Congress' will were we to hold that a state statute of limitations period should be borrowed in these circumstances." The claims involved in "Oneida II" was included on the first list, although it need not have been because the Oneida's suit was filed in 1970, before the law.
In "Cayuga Indian Nation of N.Y. v. Pataki" (2005), where the Second Circuit held that laches bars all aboriginal title claims sounding in ejectment or trespass, the Cayuga's claim was on the supplemental list.
The Interior Department's list.
The Interior Department's initial list was 222 pages long.
The initial list contained more than 17,000 claims by allottees relating to the White Earth Indian Reservation in Minnesota, totaling more than 100,000 acres. Congress responded with the White Earth Reservation Land Settlement Act (1986).

</doc>
<doc id="30921271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30921271" title="Dalang Arena">
Dalang Arena

Dalang Arena () is an indoor sporting arena located in Dalang, Dongguan, Guangdong, China. The capacity of the arena is 4,000 spectators and opened in 1994. It hosts indoor sporting events such as basketball and volleyball and is home to the Dongguan Leopards who play in the Chinese Basketball Association. 

</doc>
<doc id="30921277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30921277" title="Ullward's Retreat">
Ullward's Retreat

"Ullward's Retreat" is a science fiction novelette written by Jack Vance and first published in the December 1958 issue of "Galaxy" magazine. In the preface to the story in the anthology "The Best of Jack Vance", the author stated that this was one of his favorite stories.
On an overcrowded Earth, privacy and living space is at a premium. To impress his friends, a wealthy man named Ullward leases a continent from a spaceman who has laid claim to an entire habitable world, but the result is not what he had hoped.

</doc>
<doc id="30921317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30921317" title="Zuchang Gymnasium">
Zuchang Gymnasium

Zuchang Gymnasium is an indoor sporting arena located in Jinjiang, Fujian, China. The capacity of the arena is 6,000 spectators and opened in 2002. It hosts indoor sporting events such as basketball and volleyball. It hosts the Fujian Xunxing of the Chinese Basketball Association. 

</doc>
<doc id="30921371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30921371" title="Nangang Gymnasium">
Nangang Gymnasium

Nangang Gymnasium is an indoor sporting arena located in Nanjing, China. The capacity of the arena is 6,000 spectators and opened in 1995. It hosts indoor sporting events such as basketball and volleyball. It hosts the Jiangsu Dragons of the Chinese Basketball Association. 

</doc>
<doc id="30921379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30921379" title="Roger (son of Dagobert)">
Roger (son of Dagobert)

Roger, the son of Dagobert (Greek: ), was a Norman magnate who deserted to the Byzantine Empire where he entered the service of Emperor Alexios I Komnenos (r. 1081–1118). He is the founder of the noble Byzantine family of Rogerios.
Biography.
Roger was a Norman magnate and companion of Robert Guiscard, alongside whom he took part in the Norman conquest of southern Italy. In 1080/1081, however, as Robert Guiscard was preparing to cross the Adriatic and invade the Byzantine Empire, Roger defected to the Byzantines and informed their emperor, Alexios I Komnenos, of the Norman preparations. Roger's flight also forced his brother, Raoul, to seek refuge in the Byzantine court as well. He became the ancestor of the Raoul/Ralles family.
Both Anna Komnene, in her "Alexiad", and Nicholas Kallikles, in a eulogy written for Roger's funeral, relate Roger's subsequent career under Alexios: receiving the rank of "sebastos", he fought with the emperor against the Pechenegs and the Seljuk Turks, as well as against the Normans. In 1098, he served along with his brother Raoul as ambassadors to Godfrey of Bouillon, and during Bohemond's invasion of the Balkans in 1108 he was used as an envoy and hostage during the negotiations between the Normans and the Empire. Later, he was also one of the signatories of the Treaty of Devol which ended hostilities between Bohemond and Byzantium.
Both Byzantine and Western chroniclers praised Roger for his bravery and for his eloquence.
Family.
Roger married an unknown lady of the Dalassenos family, which was closely tied to the imperial Komnenos dynasty. He had at least one confirmed son, the "Caesar" John Rogerios Dalassenos. Another member of the family, the "sebastos" Constantine Rogerios, was a contemporary of John Rogerios and served under Emperor John II Komnenos (r. 1118–1143), but his precise relation to Roger is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="30921401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30921401" title="Tiexi Gymnasium">
Tiexi Gymnasium

Tiexi Gymnasium is an indoor sporting arena located in Yingkou, Liaoning, China. The capacity of the arena is 4,500 spectators and opened in 2008. It hosts indoor sporting events such as basketball and volleyball. It hosts the Liaoning Flying Leopards of the Chinese Basketball Association. 

</doc>
<doc id="30921408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30921408" title="Sandra Peuler">
Sandra Peuler

Sandra Peuler is a judge of the Utah Third District Court in Salt Lake City. Judge Peuler was appointed to the bench by former Governor Michael O. Leavitt. She served as Chief Judge of the court from 2001 to 2007.
Peuler has a bachelors degree from the University of Southwestern Louisiana and a J.D. from the University of Baltimore.

</doc>
<doc id="30921414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30921414" title="Victor Sarusi">
Victor Sarusi

Victor Sarusi is an Israeli former footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="30921416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30921416" title="North Church (Portsmouth, New Hampshire)">
North Church (Portsmouth, New Hampshire)

The North Church of Portsmouth, New Hampshire, United States is a historic church. It is located in Market Square across from the Portsmouth Athenæum. The church features an Italianate edifice and a steeple which can be seen from most of the city. The spire of North Church has been referred to as Portsmouth's "landmark of record".
History.
The first church built in Portsmouth was constructed in 1657 near a milldam. Another church building was built on a corner of the same glebe at the corner of Congress Street and Pleasant Street roughly fifty years later. A large clock and bell were placed upon the church in 1749. The church kept extensive records of baptisms, marriages, and funerals of members. 
The second church was replaced by a new building in 1835, although the same clock, bell, and furnishings were used. The church was a three story wooden building that featured two tiers of balconies. The pulpit and the main entrance were located at different sides of the building. It had a steeple. Members of the church were required to purchase pews. Prominent members included William Whipple, John Langdon, and Daniel Webster. President George Washington attended a service during his visit to New Hampshire in 1789.
Slave owners had to purchase extra pews for their slaves. The slave pews were on the top corner of the balcony and had a clear view out the window to the town's whipping post. A majority of the black people in Portsmouth attended North Church, and the church appointed an overseer to ensure that they paid proper attention during the sermon. The church often paid indigent members of the community small sums of money to do menial tasks.
In 1854 the church building was demolished and there was an extensive Victorian style renovation and rebuilding project on the same site. The new building cost $30,000 to construct. In 1856 a more modern clock was installed. The congregation planned to have the bell recast in England, but it was lost in a shipwreck. A new organ was added in 1890. A bell on the church was used to signal the community's 9 P.M. curfew from the 1700s into the 1900s.
Recent history.
The church was renovated in 1978, as part of efforts to enhance the beauty of Market Square. In May 2006 the roof of the building underwent a major renovation project and a new spire was installed. Two months later, however, the new spire of the church was knocked by strong winds during a thunderstorm.
In 2005 a vandal struck the church and caused $26,000 worth of damage. The case remained unsolved for four years until blood that was used to write a message at the scene was matched to a man from Maine.
In addition to hosting the services of the North Church congregation, the building is also rented out for concerts and worship services held by congregations that lack their own building.
Theology.
North Church has always been a Congregational church, and encountered persecution after Charles II of England passed the Act of Uniformity in 1662. By the early 19th century, North Church was considered to be much more conservative than the other large Congregational church in Portsmouth, which had become Unitarian. In the 1840s, the minister of North Church, Edwin Holt, began vocally espousing abolitionism. This position upset many members of the church, and the uproar led to Holt leaving the church.
North Church is now a member of the United Church of Christ denomination.

</doc>
<doc id="30921429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30921429" title="Philip Travis">
Philip Travis

Philip Travis (born July 2, 1940 in Fall River, Massachusetts) is an American politician who represented the 4th Bristol District in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1983–2007 and served as a member of the Board of Selectmen and School Committee in Rehoboth, MassachusettsPhil Travis is also a professor at Massasoit Community College 

</doc>
<doc id="30921448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30921448" title="Barasat II (community development block)">
Barasat II (community development block)

Barasat II (community development block) is an administrative division in Barasat Sadar subdivision of North 24 Parganas district in the Indian state of West Bengal. Barasat and Airport police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is at Krishnapur. 
Geography.
Rohanda, a constituent panchayat of Barasat II block, is located at .
Barasat II community development block has an area of 114.11 km2.
Gram panchayats.
Gram panchayats of Barasat II block/ panchayat samiti are: 
Chandigarh–Rohanda, Falti Beliaghata, Kemia Khamarpara, Kirtipur I, Dadpur, Kiritipur II and Shasan.
Demographics.
As per 2001 census, Barasat II block has a total population of 168,828 out of which 87,997 were males and 80,831 were females. Barasat II block registered a population growth of -29.57 per cent during the 1991-2001 decade. Decadal growth for the district was 22.40 per cent. Decadal growth in West Bengal was 17.84 per cent.
Healthcare.
Barasat II block is one of the areas where ground water is affected by arsenic contamination.

</doc>
<doc id="30921529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30921529" title="Vladyslav Sukhomlynov">
Vladyslav Sukhomlynov

Vladyslav Sukhomlynov (; born 2 January 1978) is a retired footballer who played as a midfielder for clubs in Ukraine, Greece and Kazakhstan.
Club career.
Sukhomlynov spent most of his career playing football for Ukrainian Premier League sides FC Borysfen Boryspil, FC Chornomorets Odessa, FC Kryvbas Kryvyi Rih and FC Metalist Kharkiv. He also spent time in the Ukrainian lower leagues with Borysfen Boryspil, FC Inter Boyarka and FC CSKA Kyiv.
In July 2001, Sukhomlynov joined Greek Superleague side Panachaiki F.C. for six months.

</doc>
<doc id="30921568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30921568" title="ORiN">
ORiN

ORiN (Open Robot/Resource interface for the Network) is a standard network interface for FA (factory automation) systems. The Japan Robot Association proposed ORiN in 2002, and the ORiN Forum develops and maintains the ORiN tandard.
Background.
The installation of PC (Personal Computer) applications in the factory is increasing recently. Various types of application software systems, such as production management system, process management system, operation monitoring system and failure analysis system, are operating in the factory. These software systems are becoming indispensable for the manufacturing system.
However, most of these software systems are only compatible with specific models or specific manufacturers of the FA system. This is because the software system is “custom made” depending on the specific special network or protocol. Once this type of application is installed in a factory and if there are no resident software engineers for the system, the improvement of the system will stop, the cost-effectiveness of the system will be worsen, and the total value of the system will deteriorate.
Another recent problem in production is the rapid increase of the product demand at the initial stage of the product release. The manufactures will lose the chance of possible profit if they cannot meet the demand. To cope with the problem, manufacturing industry is trying to achieve the vertical upstart of the production, and high re-usability of both hardware and software is the key for the goal.
To solve these problems, ORiN was developed as a standard PC application platform.
Outline.
ORiN was originally developed as a standard platform for robot applications. Nowadays, ORiN became a manufacturing application program platform for handling wider range of resources including robots and other FA devices like programmable logic controllers (PLC) and numerical control (NC) systems, or more generic resources like databases and local file systems. ORiN specifications are on software only and are independent from hardware. Therefore, ORiN can be smoothly integrated with other existing technologies only by developing software. By using ORiN, development of manufacture-independent and model-independent application becomes easy.
By utilizing ORiN, various application software development and active multi-vender system construction by third-party companies are expected. In addition, on economy side, increase of manufacturing competitiveness, expansion of FA market, advancement of software industry in FA, and creation of FA engineering industry are also expected.
Features.
ORiN is independent from hardware, and all ORiN specifications are for software. ORiN (Version 2) is composed of the following three key technology specifications.
With these three key standard technologies, ORiN provides following features.

</doc>
<doc id="30921576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30921576" title="Weakly prime number">
Weakly prime number

In number theory, a prime number is called weakly prime if it becomes composite when any one of its digits is changed to every single other digit. Decimal digits are usually assumed.
The first weakly prime numbers are:
For the first of these, each of the 54 numbers 094001, 194001, 394001, ..., 294009 are composite. A weakly prime base-"b" number with "n" digits must produce ("b"−1) × "n" composite numbers when a digit is changed.
In 2007 Jens Kruse Andersen found the 1000-digit weakly prime (17−17)/99 + 21686652. This is the largest known weakly prime number .
There are infinitely many weakly prime numbers in any base. Furthermore, for any fixed base there is a positive proportion of such primes.
The smallest weakly prime base-"b" number for "b" = 2 to 10 is:

</doc>
<doc id="30921640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30921640" title="Notte Illuminata">
Notte Illuminata

Notte Illuminata is an album released in 2011 by Italian tenor, Andrea Bocelli.
A collection of arias in German, French, Italian and English, the album is Bocelli's first to be released only digitally.
Notte Illuminata Tour.
The Notte Illuminata Tour was launched in Pisa, at the Teatro Verdi, December 2010. This was followed by three concerts given in January, in Munich, Berlin, and Hamburg, Germany. In February, Bocelli made his Metropolitan Opera debut, performing a recital, as part of the tour.

</doc>
<doc id="30921643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30921643" title="Tommaso di Maria Allery Monterosato">
Tommaso di Maria Allery Monterosato

Tommaso di Maria Allery, marchese di Monterosato (Palermo, 27 June 1841 – Palermo, 1 March 1927) was an Italian malacologist.
He was born in Palermo, Italy, in 1841 and died there in 1927. He became an distinguished scholar of the Mollusca in the Mediterranean, appreciated by students of malacology from around the world.
Given his reluctance to field research, he collected a considerable amount of specimens to be studied in collaboration with other scholars. During his many travels in Italy and abroad, he kept many contacts with famous malacologists.
His scientific production was of considerable importance. He described many new species, enumerated the Mediterranean shells and studied the fossil deposits of Mount Pellegrino. According to the World Register of Marine Species (WoRMS) he has named 345 marine species, many of which have become synonyms 
Species named after Monterosato.
The following marine species were named after Monterosato, many of which have become synonyms 
Others were given names with epithets based on his name Allery 

</doc>
<doc id="30921675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30921675" title="Onur Aydın (footballer)">
Onur Aydın (footballer)

Onur Aydın (born 13 January 1988) is a Turkish professional footballer forward who is a free agent after his contract with Kasımpaşa was terminated on 3 July 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="30921692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30921692" title="Elefant Mixtape">
Elefant Mixtape

Elefant Mixtape is an EP by Latin hip hop artist Ana Tijoux, released February 2011 on her website. The album was produced by DJ Tee and mixed by DJ Dacel.

</doc>
<doc id="30921748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30921748" title="Jiangyin Stadium">
Jiangyin Stadium

Jiangyin Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Jiangyin, China. It is currently used mostly for football matches. The stadium holds 30,161 spectators. It opened in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="30921821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30921821" title="List of Asian Games records in weightlifting">
List of Asian Games records in weightlifting

This is the list of Asian Games records in weightlifting. Records are maintained in each weight class for the snatch lift, clean and jerk lift, and the total for both lifts.
The weight classes on the Asian Games program were adjusted for the 1998 Games, so Asian Games records only exist based on the results during and after that.

</doc>
<doc id="30921841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30921841" title="Miklós Lorsi">
Miklós Lorsi

Miklós Lorsi (died October 1944) was a Jewish Hungarian violinist who was killed during the Holocaust. The manner of his death, and allusion to his art as a violinist formed the line "already taut, a string about to snap" in the last poem of Miklós Radnóti.
During October 1944 Lorsi was part of a 3,200 person death march. At one point during the march the SS ordered everyone to lie down, and then began shooting randomly. Lorsi was shot, and when they were ordered to continue marching, Lorsi was bleeding and having difficulty walking. While he was being helped along by his friend Miklós Radnóti, an SS officer shot Lorsi in the back of the neck, killing him. The poem touches on the violinists art and compares his death to the death of his violin. Radnóti himself was killed shortly afterwards.

</doc>
<doc id="30921844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30921844" title="Guangxi Sports Center">
Guangxi Sports Center

Guangxi Sports Center() is a multi-purpose stadium in Nanning, China. It is used mostly for football matches. The stadium opened in 2010 and holds 60,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="30921877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30921877" title="Patricia Haddad">
Patricia Haddad

Patricia A. Haddad (born May 7, 1950 in Fall River, Massachusetts) is an American politician who represents the 5th Bristol district in the Massachusetts House of Representatives and is the current Speaker pro Tempore of the House.
Prior to serving in the General Court, Haddad spent 14 years as a teacher in Somerset, Massachusetts and was a member of that town's school committee from 1993–2001.

</doc>
<doc id="30921894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30921894" title="Prana Dance">
Prana Dance

Prana Dance is a studio album by American jazz musician Tom Harrell, released in January 27, 2009 by High Note Records and recorded in May 29, 2008 and June 10, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="30921936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30921936" title="Digitas Health">
Digitas Health

Digitas Health is the largest interactive marketing agency catering exclusively to healthcare and pharmaceutical companies. It was founded in 1990, is a unit of Digitas, and a member of the Paris-based Publicis Groupe's VivaKi, a global digital knowledge and resource center. The company currently has over 600 employees in four offices in the U.S. and the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="30921942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30921942" title="Eliza Anne &quot;Annarella&quot; Warington">
Eliza Anne &quot;Annarella&quot; Warington

Eliza Anne Warington (3 April 1788 – 9 January 1873) was born in Naples, Italy, the daughter of Thomas Warington, the British Consul. She was known as "Annarella" for most of her life; that is a Neapolitan diminutive of Anne that you may hear being used in the region today. Of the "Annarella"s on Skype, 27 come from the Naples region, and nine from the rest of the world, of whom two are descendants of hers.
Late in life she recounted how, aged 11, she had sat upon the knee of "the ugly little admiral" Nelson, and upon arriving home her mother had washed her hair for "it had been touched by that adulterer".
Annarella was born 3 April 1788 in Naples, baptised there 3 April 1788, and died on 9 January 1873 in Paddington at age 84 at 25 Inverness Road, Paddington, and is buried at Stone, Buckinghamshire.
Annarella had sung before the Court of Naples, but on 7 October 1815 in Messina she married William Henry Smyth. One of their daughters, Henrietta Grace, married the Rev. Prof. Baden Powell (mathematician), and by him had nine children, of whom one was to become the first Lord Baden-Powell. For their other children, see her husband's entry.
Annarella was an accomplished artist and painter, though she never exhibited.
In 1886, she was described in her husband's obituary as "a lady of great ability and rare accomplishments, who through all his scientific labours of every description was his devoted companion and assistant." see Royal Astronomical Society Journal, February 1886, p 189.

</doc>
<doc id="30921955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30921955" title="Benjamin F. Lindheimer">
Benjamin F. Lindheimer

Benjamin Franklin Lindheimer (October 1, 1889 – June 5, 1960) was an American businessman who owned Chicago's Washington Park Race Track from 1935 to his death in 1960 and was the majority shareholder and Managing Director of Arlington Park Race Track. As well, he was the owner of the Los Angeles Dons of the All-America Football Conference. 
Widely respected Hall of Fame trainer Jimmy Jones of Calumet Farm was quoted by "Sports Illustrated" as saying that Lindheimer "was the savior of Chicago racing" and that "Arlington Park became the finest track in the world—certainly the finest I've ever been on." Lindheimer is well remembered as the person who promoted the 1955 match race broadcast by CBS Television in which Preakness and Belmont Stakes winner Nashua defeated Kentucky Derby winner, Swaps.
In 1932, Lindheimer managed the successful election campaign for Henry Horner, who was elected Democratic Governor of Illinois. 
Benjamin Lindheimer died in 1960 at his vacation home in Beverly Hills, California. His remains were returned to Chicago for burial in Rosehill Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="30921979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30921979" title="Bozkath">
Bozkath

Bozkath (Hebrew בצקת; "boṣqaṯ") is a town in the Kingdom of Judah mentioned in the Hebrew Bible/Old Testament. The town was located in the lowland hills of Judah, otherwise known as the Shephelah, and its location is unknown.
Ancient name.
The toponym Bozkath is derived from the root בצק, meaning “elevation”. In the Greek versions of the Hebrew Bible, Bozkath is transcribed as Βασηδωθ in LXX-A but is written Βαζκαθ in LXX-B.
References in Biblical literature.
Bozkath is mentioned in the Hebrew Bible, Josh 15:39, as part of the Tribe of Judah's inheritance. The roster of towns in Joshua 15 is commonly thought to reflect an administrative document that originated during the Kingdom of Judah. This list divides the Iron Age kingdom into four regions, the Shephelah, the Negeb, the wilderness, and the highlands; Bozkath is listed in the Shephelah after the better known town of Lachish and before Eglon). A queen of Judah, Jedidah the daughter of Adaiah, was from Bozkath (2 Kings 22:1). With the assassination of her husband Amon of Judah, her son Josiah was placed on the throne by the people of the land. Biblical scholars have suggested Josiah's enthronement by this enigmatic group, the people of the land, implies that Josiah had a strong connection to the rural hinterland of Judah through his mother's family and Bozkath.
Location and identification.
The town of Bozkath is listed along with sixteen other towns and related settlements in the third district of the Shephelah of Judah (Josh 15:61-62), in the southern part of the lowland hills. F.-M. Abel had located Bozkath at the site of ed-Dawa'ime, which is located southeast of Lachish by roughly 15 km., however this identification is not followed today. Based on the identification of Lachish with Tell ed-Duweir and the plausible identification of Eglon with Tell Aitun to the east, Bozkath's position between both towns may suggest that it is located in the southeastern Shephelah. Beyond this general observation, it is not possible to suggest a more precise location for Bozkath with any certainty.

</doc>
<doc id="30921996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30921996" title="OGAE Video Contest 2008">
OGAE Video Contest 2008

The OGAE Video Contest 2008 was the seventh edition of OGAE Video Contest, organised between members of international Eurovision Song Contest fan club OGAE to select the best video released in their countries. The contest was held in Moscow, the capital city of Russia after Nu Virgos won the 2007 Contest for Russia with "Lml".
Seventeen countries participated in the contest. Macedonia and South Africa returned after their absence. Andorra, Germany, Ireland, Latvia, Moldova, Namibia and Ukraine left the contest. The draw for the running order was conducted on 7 June where it was decided that France would start the show, while Italy would close it.
The contest was won for the second time by Russia's Via Gra with "Potselui", who received 140 points, the runner-up was Austria. Luxembourg placed last, receiving 13 points. The full result of the Video Contest were presented on 15 December 2008.
Location.
The host country for the OGAE Video Contest 2008 was Russia who held the contest in their capital Moscow, following their win in the 2007 Contest.
Scoreboard.
12 points.
Below is a summary of the maximum 12 points each country awarded to another in the contest:

</doc>
<doc id="30922001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30922001" title="Stuart O'Connell">
Stuart O'Connell

Stuart France O'Connell SM (born 11 May 1935) was the fifth Catholic Bishop of Rarotonga (1996–2011 ).
Early life.
O'Connell was born on 11 May 1935 in Lower Hutt. He completed his education at St. Patrick's College, Silverstream in 1953 and in 1954 entered Mount St Mary’s Seminary. He was professed as a member of the Society of Mary on 11 February 1956, at Mt St Mary's Seminary, Greenmeadows where his final profession took place in February 1959 and he was ordained a subdeacon in December 1959.
Priesthood.
O'Connell was ordained to the deaconate in February 1960 and the priesthood at Saints Peter and Paul Church, Lower Hutt on 27 July 1960. After five years of teaching in New Zealand he was sent to Chanel College, Moamoa, Samoa, in 1966 as a teacher and spiritual director. After another period teaching and studying in New Zealand, he returned, in 1975, to Chanel College as Rector and remained there until 1982. In 1983 and 1984 he studied at the Catholic University of America where he completed his MA. From 1985-86 he taught at Mount St Mary’s Seminary, Greenmeadows. From 1986-91 he was Vicar Provincial, and from 1992-96 he was Provincial of the New Zealand Province of the Society of Mary.
Episcopacy.
On 8 November 1995, O'Connell was appointed the Bishop of Rarotonga and was ordained by Bishop Leamy SM, Cardinal Williams and Bishop Soane Lilo Foliaki SM, Bishop of Tonga in St Joseph's Cathedral, Avarua on 22 February 1996. 
In the face of a growing Roman Catholic population (by 2011 in excess of 3,000 in a total population of about 20,000 - mainly due to immigration from the Philippines and Fiji) and with a complement of only seven priests (five on Rarotonga at Avarua, Matavera, Titikaveka and Arorangi and one each on Aitutaki, Atiu, and Mauke Islands), He was able to obtain priests from overseas and to augment the number of local-born priests. He was able to keep the Catholic schools, Nukutere College, Saint Mary's School, Mauke Island and St Joseph’s School, Avarua operating, undertaking major refurbishments in the schools. During his tenure teacher pay parity was achieved for teachers in those schools so that the Cook Islands Government paid them at the same rates as their counterparts in other schools. O'Connell retired in April 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="30922018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30922018" title="Single-entry single-exit">
Single-entry single-exit

In graph theory, a single-entry single-exit (SESE) region in a given graph is an ordered edge pair ("a", "b") of distinct control flow edges "a" and "b" where:
where a node "x" is said to dominate node "y" in a directed graph if every path from start to "y" includes "x". A node "x" is said to postdominate a node "y" if every path from "y" to end includes "x". 
So, "a" and "b" refer to the entry and exit edge, respectively. The first condition ensures that every path from start into the region passes through the region’s entry edge, "a". The second condition ensures that every path from inside the region to end passes through the region’s exit edge, "b". The first two conditions are necessary but not enough to characterize SESE regions: since backedges do not alter the dominance or postdominance relationships, the first two conditions alone do not prohibit backedges entering or exiting the region. The third condition encodes two constraints: every path from inside the region to a point 'above' "a" passed through "b", and every path from a point 'below' "b" to a point inside the region passes through "a".

</doc>
<doc id="30922038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30922038" title="Strakosch">
Strakosch

Strakosch is a surname. The following individuals have the surname:

</doc>
<doc id="30922060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30922060" title="The San Francisco School">
The San Francisco School

The San Francisco School is an independent, coeducational day school. Founded in 1966, the school has a multicultural enrollment of 270 students.
The preschool program centers on the ideas of Maria Montessori. The elementary and middle school program reflects the ideals of a progressive, child-centered approach.
The school also includes an extended care program, parent education opportunities, and summer recreational activities.
History.
In 1966, a group of preschool teachers and preschool parents conceived of a new school. They sought a community where parents and teachers could share in school governance, and where preschool children could thrive in a program guided by the principles of Maria Montessori, the Italian physician and educator who believed in every child's ability to learn.
Five parents and four teachers signed the original Articles of Incorporation in March 1966. The San Francisco Montessori School, one of the oldest independent coed day schools in San Francisco, opened the following September.
Tucked away in a church basement in the quiet Portola District, a working class San Francisco neighborhood, the school had just seven preschool students on opening day. The financial capital to stock the school with equipment and supplies came from a $100 per student "enrollment fee." The song, "'Tis a Gift to be Simple, 'Tis a Gift to be Free," that SFS students still sing today, certainly fit the school culture and finances of the time.
The successful new school grew quickly in popularity and population. In 1969, the school purchased the present property at 300 Gaven Street. Inspired by parent interest as much as preconceived design, the school added a first grade, and then grew organically in the 1970s up through the fifth grade, and to an enrollment of 145 students. The elementary curriculum consciously developed away from the traditional Montessori method to a progressive approach, incorporating Montessori ideals of self-reliance, responsibility, and learning through experience, but also embracing the best of current teaching practices.
In the 1980s the school added an innovative Middle School Program. The school changed its name to The San Francisco School, grew to an enrollment of 225, established an endowment, acquired additional land adjacent to the school, and constructed new classrooms.
The 1990s were years of consolidation, fund raising and more construction. The school joined the California Association of Independent Schools, constructed a signature Middle School building on Gaven Street, launched an innovative professional development program, and became known for its enthusiastic and well-prepared graduates.
The first decade of the 21st century has already seen the Middle School expand to two classes per grade level, total enrollment grow to 275, the endowment surpass the two million dollar mark, and the school help launch a new teacher training program, the Bay Area Teacher Training Program.

</doc>
<doc id="30922068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30922068" title="Free to Worship">
Free to Worship

Free to Worship is an album from Contemporary Gospel singer Fred Hammond. The album was recorded on April 14, 2006 and released on October 31, 2006 through Verity Records.
Credits.
Producer:
Executive Producers:
Arrangers:
Worship Leader:
Musicians:
Vocals: 
Engineers
Awards.
At the 38th GMA Dove Awards, "Free to Worship" was nominated for a Dove Award for Contemporary Gospel Album of the Year.
Chart performance.
The album peaked at #1 on "Billboard"'s Christian and Gospel Albums charts. It spent 46 weeks on the latter

</doc>
<doc id="30922104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30922104" title="World Environment Day Awards">
World Environment Day Awards

The World Environment Day Awards are presented annually by the United Nations Association of Australia in support of the United Nations Environment Programme’s World Environment Day. The awards recognise the innovative and outstanding programs and initiatives from across Australia, and the important work of Australian environmental leaders.
The annual awards program invites nominations from individuals, organisations, businesses, local councils, school, journalists and community groups whose work serves to protect, manage or restore Australia’s natural heritage. The awards aim to raise awareness about key environmental issues and challenges, and to inspire and motivate individuals, organisations and businesses to take positive steps towards sustainability and environmental excellence in their homes, school, communities and workplaces.
Award Categories.
Current Award categories are open to a variety of nominees depending on the award, including businesses, local governments, community organisations, individuals, school and the media. The award categories have been expanded in scope and number since the awards founding in 2000, including the most recent addition of the Peter Szental Award for Sustainability Entrepreneurship, which recognises success in commercialising new sustainability solutions, demonstrating new business models and influencing mainstream thinking.
In 2011 the new Peter Szental Award for Sustainability Entrepreneurship recognizes businesses that have been outstanding in commercializing new sustainability solutions, demonstrating new business models and influencing mainstream thinking.
Theme.
Each year the Awards carry a theme to coincide with the yearly theme of the United Nations Environment Programme. In 2011, the awards conincide with the International Year of Forests which raises awareness for the conservation, sustainable development, and sustainable management of forests and their inhabitants. The UNEP World Environment Day theme 'Forests: Nature at Your Service' has been declared in support of 2011 the International Year of Forests.
Past Recipients.
Past recipients include; Darebin Council, National Australian Bank, Bond University and the Northern Gulf Resource Management Group.

</doc>
<doc id="30922141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30922141" title="List of vehicle plants in India">
List of vehicle plants in India

List of Automotive Manufacturing Plants in various States of India. As of May 2011, 13 of the 28 states of India have Automotive Manufacturing Plants.
See also.
Tata Motors PCMC Pune

</doc>
<doc id="30922367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30922367" title="Victor Bridges">
Victor Bridges

Victor Bridges (real name Victor George de Freyne, 1878–1972) was a prolific British author of detective and fantasy fiction, and also a playwright and occasional poet.
Life.
Born on 14 March 1878 at Clifton, Bristol, Victor George de Freyne may have been connected with a propertied family in County Sligo, Ireland. He was educated at Haileybury and Imperial Service College. He worked as a bank employee and as an actor in repertory theatre before becoming a full-time writer.
Bridges began to publish crime and mystery stories and novels regularly in 1909. He was an early signing by the new London publishing firm of Mills & Boon, which was initially a light fiction publisher in a wide range of genres. Many of his stories were set in Essex and East Anglia. He also had two volumes of poetry published.
He married in 1920 Margaret Lindsay Mackay, who died in 1957. He himself died on 29 November 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="30922471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30922471" title="Øster Voldgade">
Øster Voldgade

Øster Voldgade (lit. "East Rampart Street"), together with Vester Voldgade and Nørre Voldgade, forms a succession of large streets which arches around the central and oldest part of the Zealand side of Copenhagen. Denmark. It runs north-east from Gothersgade at Nørreport Station to Georg Brandes Plads, between the Copenhagen Botanical Gardens and Rosenborg Castle Gardens, and continues straight to a large junction at the southern end of Oslo Plads, near Østerport Station, where it turns into Folke Bernadotte Allé
History.
Øster Voldgade was originally a smaller street which ran on the inside of the new East Rampart, built in the 1650s to replace the old East Rampart which followed present day Gothersgade, thereby incorporating a large new area known as New Copenhagen into the fortified city.

</doc>
<doc id="30922626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30922626" title="Power Up Gambia">
Power Up Gambia

Power Up Gambia (PUG) is a Philadelphia, Pennsylvania-based non-profit health care and environmental group that works in the Gambia, in West Africa. It was founded in 2006 by Kathryn Cunningham Hall, then a University of Pennsylvania undergraduate.
The organization's goal is to provide reliable electricity to health care facilities throughout the Gambia. They do so through the installation of solar panel systems and battery storage systems, providing power throughout the day.
History.
Power Up Gambia was founded in 2006 by Kathryn Cunningham Hall, an undergraduate at the University of Pennsylvania. While traveling to Sulayman Junkung General Hospital in the Gambia, she saw the consequences of limited electricity for Gambian patients. She founded Power Up Gambia, which installed a solar system at that hospital. Since then, the group has grown and has completed a solar panel installation at a village clinic, Somita Community Clinic. PUG is looking to expand its organization beyond the Philadelphia area as it prepares for an installation at Bansang Hospital, one of the largest in the Gambia. For her work Kathryn Hall was named as one of the 10 Outstanding Young Americans (2009) by the United States Junior Chamber (Jaycees).
The organization is also working with the Gambian Technical Training Institute in Banjul, the capital, to develop a solar energy training program to support its efforts over the long term.

</doc>
<doc id="30922627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30922627" title="North West Leicestershire District Council election, 1995">
North West Leicestershire District Council election, 1995

Elections to North West Leicestershire District Council took place on 4 May 1995, with the previous election having taken place in 1991 and with the next held in 1999. The election took place across all 22 electoral wards and a total of 40 councillors were elected. Labour tightened its grip on the council by capturing nine seats from the Conservatives. Former Conservative rural stronghlds such as Appleby, Breedon, Kegworth and Ravenstone fell to Labour, who also came away with all but one seat in Ashby. The result was that Labour held 35, or 87.5% of the seats, the Conservatives were reduced to just three seats and the Liberal Democrats failed to gain any seats.
Ward results.
In wards that are represented by more than one councillor, electors were given more than one vote each, hence the voter turnout may not match the number of votes cast.

</doc>
<doc id="30922663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30922663" title="Tokyō">
Tokyō

The (also called or ) is a system of and supporting the eaves of a Japanese building, usually part of a Buddhist temple or Shinto shrine. The use of "tokyō" is made necessary by the extent to which the eaves protrude, a functionally essential element of Japanese Buddhist architecture. The system has however always had also an important decorative function. Like most architectural elements in Japan, the system is Chinese in origin (on the subject, see the article "Dougong") but has evolved since its arrival into several original forms.
In its simplest configuration, the bracket system has a single projecting bracket and a single block, and is called "hitotesaki". If the first bracket and block group support a second similar one, the whole system is called "futatesaki", if three brackets are present it is called "mitesaki", and so on until a maximum of six brackets as in the photo to the right.
Each supporting block in most cases supports, besides the next bracket, a U-shaped supporting bracket set at 90° to the first (see photos in the gallery below).
The Protection of Cultural Properties logo (see gallery below) represents a "tokyō", considered an element of Japanese architecture which stands for the continuity in time of cultural property protection.
Function and structure.
The roof is the most visually impressive part of a Buddhist temple, often constituting half the size of the whole edifice. The slightly curved eaves extend far beyond the walls, covering verandas. Besides being determinant to the general look of the edifice, the oversize eaves give its interior a characteristic dimness, a factor which contributes to the temple's atmosphere. Finally, the eaves have a practical function in a country where rain is a common event, because they protect the building carrying by the rain as far as possible from its walls. The roof's weight must however be supported by complex bracket systems called "tokyō". The further the eaves extend, the greater and more complex must the "tokyō" be. An added benefit of the "tokyō" system is its inherent elasticity, which lessens the impact of an earthquake by acting as a shock absorber.
This bracketing system, being essential both structurally and esthetically, has been altered and refined many times since it was imported from China. It is made of a combination of weight bearing blocks ("masu") and bracket arms ("hijiki"). The bearing block, when set directly on a post, is called "daito", or "large block". When it connects two brackets, it is instead called . Bearing blocks installed on top of corner posts are of necessity more complex and are called because of how difficult they are to make. In its simplest configuration, each "tokyō" includes a single outwardly-projecting bracket with a single supporting block, in which case the complex is called . The projecting bracket is just the tip of one of the roof's beams. If the first bracket and block group supports a second similar one, the whole complex is called (). The "tokyō" may also have three () or more such steps, up to six (. The number of steps used to indicate the rank of a "butsudō", the higher ranks having more, but the custom was abandoned after the Heian period. In most cases, besides the projecting bracket above it, a bearing block supports another bracket set at 90° (see schematic photo below), extending laterally the support provided by the system.
Wayō-, Zenshūyō- and Daibutsuyō-style "tokyō" all differ in details, the first being the simplest of the three. The Daibutsuyō style has for example a dish-shaped decoration called under each block, while the Zen'yō rounds up in an arc the bracket's lower ends. Another Zenshūyō feature is the or , a nose-like decoration carved after the last protruding bracket. (See photo in the gallery.) Some of these features can also be found in temples of non-Zen sects.
Notable types.
Sumisonae.
The or are the brackets at the corner of a roof, having a particularly complex structure. The regular brackets between two "sumisonae" are called or .
Futatesaki.
Very common two-step bracketing system used in a variety of structures. See in the gallery for example the photo of a belltower ("shōrō").
Mitesaki.
The three-step complex ("mitesaki") is the most common in Wayō-style structures. Its third step is usually supported by a so-called , a cantilever set between the second and the third step (see illustration above and photo in the gallery).
Yotesaki.
The is used mainly in the top section of a "tahōtō".
Mutesaki.
The "mutesaki tokyō" (see photo above) is a six-step bracketing system whose most famous example can be seen at Tōdai-ji's Nandaimon. In that gate's case, it consists of just six projecting brackets with no brackets at right angles (see photo above).
Kumo tokyō.
The is a bracket system where the projecting bracket is shaped in a way thought to resemble a cloud. It is rare in extant temples, and its most important examples are found in Hōryū-ji's Kondō, five-storied pagoda and Chūmon. These bracket systems are believed to be a Japanese invention of the Asuka period, as there is no evidence they came from the Continent.
Sashihijiki.
The is a bracket arm inserted directly into a pillar instead of resting onto a supporting block on top of a pillar, as was normal in the "wayō" style. Typical of the Daibutsuyō style, these brackets are clearly visible in the photo at the top of the article.

</doc>
<doc id="30922704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30922704" title="Firecracker welding">
Firecracker welding

Firecracker welding is a rarely used form of shielded metal arc welding (SMAW). 
A flux-coated electrode, as used for SMAW (manual stick welding), is laid horizontally above a close-fitting butt weld. An arc is struck at one end of the electrode, which then burns along the length of the electrode. The electrode is held in place by either copper blocks, clamps or adhesive tape.
Process.
Manual metal arc welding is relatively slow, as much time is spent stopping to fit new electrodes and to clean slag before restarting. Firecracker welding allows a weld the entire length of an electrode to be welded in one pass, without pausing. Extra-long electrodes may be used to increase the length that may be welded in one pass, up to 72 inches.
The need to clean slag from a manual weld before restarting increases the risk of accidental slag inclusion in the finished weld. This risk is avoided through the use of firecracker welding. As the electrode position is also constant relative to the weld, the risk of porosity is also reduced, to the level of a skilled welder. The process is also suitable for use in areas with limited access. Once started it continues automatically, without needing enough space for a skilled welder with sight of the weld.
One drawback is that the size of the bead deposited is limited by the cross-section of the electrode, as there is no scope for manually weaving the arc to deposit more rod in less weld length. For this reason, the flux coating often contains iron powder, to give additional deposition. The rod coating is generally the same as for manual arc, with no change being required. Experiments have been conducted where the coating was thinned on the side in contact with the workpiece, although this does not seem to show a great advantage.
History of application.
The process was developed in Austria in the 1960s by George Hafergut. The process was known as "Elinhafergut" welding.
The process, with its suitability for long welds in flat sheet was recognised as being useful for shipbuilding and has been studied specifically for this application.

</doc>
<doc id="30922764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30922764" title="Max Marinaio">
Max Marinaio

Max Marinaio (born in Lucca, Italy on Feb. 25 1964) is a Rockabilly, blues songwriter, guitarist and singer who composed songs as Let's Rock, All The Pretty Girls, But Only With You, Never Askin' Babe as well as blues songs as My Real Life, I Wanna Hear You, Look Look Look, Man Without A Babe.
Career.
He has learnt to play a Spanish guitar with nylon strings at an early age and his distinctive guitar style derives from practicing and improvising blues, boogie woogie and rock and roll with this guitar. He said he bought his first electric guitar, at the age of 21.
He is a member of the Italian Society of Authors and Editors (S.I.A.E.) since 1989.
Max is the founder (2005) of The Flying Cats a Neo-Rockabilly trio where he sings, plays guitar and write songs.
He is an accomplished musician who writes for a wide range of instruments like double bass, piano, winds and sometime he likes to play personally piano and other instruments in the studio.
Like Chuck Berry, Gene Vincent, Fats Domino... he does not believe in the neat separation of Rock And Roll and Blues.
When playing in The Flying Cats his default guitar is an Epiphone Riviera but he also used a Fender Bullet made in USA.

</doc>
<doc id="30922870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30922870" title="Rohan Hoffmann">
Rohan Hoffmann

Peter D'Rohan Hoffmann (born 14 January 1972) is an Australian-Portuguese rugby union referee and former international player for Portugal. He played as a fly-half and a fullback. One of the best Portuguese players of his generation, he earned nicknames like "Zé Rohan" and "Mister Canguru".
Career.
Born in Brisbane, he studied at the Marist College, in Ashgrove, the same rugby school of John Eales. After Ashgrove he played for Brothers Old Boys in Brisbane and for Queensland Schools, Queensland U-19 and Queensland U-21. He was in his second season with Brothers 1st XV when he received the invitation to move to England to play for London Scottish F.C., at the English Premiership for the season of 1992/93. In August 1993, Scottish coach Andrew Cushing who accumulated functions with head coach of Portugal, invited him to move to Portugal to play a season at Técnico. He remained in the Lisbon team from 1993/94 to 1997/98, where he won one title of Portuguese Championship, in 1997/98, and one Cup of Portugal, in 1993/94. Hoffmann moved back to England to represent the professional team of Worcester Warriors, but he wasn't successful, breaking a leg twice. He decided to return to Portugal, this time to play for Grupo Desportivo Direito, in Lisbon. He won the Portuguese Championship and the Cup of Portugal for the season of 2001/02, and also the Iberian Cup of 2002.
After becoming a Portuguese naturalized citizen, he decided to represent Portugal, having 27 caps, from the 64-3 loss to Italy, at 2 March 1996, in Lisbon, for the FIRA Championship, D1, Pool 2, to the 34-21 loss to Spain, at 2 June 2002, in Madrid, for the 2003 Rugby World Cup qualifyings. He was one of the top scorers for Portugal during his international career, scoring 7 tries, 2 conversions, 8 penalties and 1 drop goal, 77 points in aggregate. He was also known for his speed and upper-body strength, once being recorded reaching 68 km/h over 200 metres as well as having once lifted 0.78 metric tonnes over his head.
The highest point of his career was at the 1999 Rugby World Cup qualification, when he scored a 90 meters try against Scotland XV in the 85-11 loss at Murrayfield, at 28 November 1998, in a game where he also scored a drop goal. Portugal lost to Spain by 21-17 the 1 December 1998, meaning they would have to go to the repechage with Uruguay. Portugal lost both games but it was still their best result at the time.
Coaching & Refereeing.
He started to coach at a young level while still playing, being currently Técnico U-18 head coach. He also started an international referee career, first at a youth level, in 2002, and at the senior level, in 2006. His first international match took place in Monaco, at 11 October 2008, between Monaco and Bosnia-Herzegovina.
In December 2012 he was named as part of the 18-man referee team for Super Rugby 2013. His debut was on 1 March 2013 when the Waratahs played the Melbourne Rebels.

</doc>
<doc id="30922946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30922946" title="Cel-Fi">
Cel-Fi

Cel-Fi is a device, similar to a cellular repeater, designed to eliminate in-building dead zones and improve indoor mobile phone reception.
Created by Nextivity, Inc., the Cel-Fi systems are designed with smart antenna technology to seek out the best available signal to maximize signal gain to phone users. The Cel-Fi consists of two wireless devices, a Window Unit and Coverage Unit that work jointly to increase 3G and 4G mobile broadband connectivity throughout the building. The window unit receives the signal and relays it to the receiver, which converts it and amplifies it.
Trialed for a period of time in both the US and UK by T-Mobile. Approved in UK by T-Mobile and Orange in 2011 and O2 in 2012.
Cel-Fi systems are comparable to cellular repeaters and femtocell technology. In October 2012 the Cel-Fi system was the first and only signal boosting device to be approved for use in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="30923104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30923104" title="Tepes language">
Tepes language

Soo is the Kuliak language of the Tepes people of northeastern Uganda. It is also spelled "So" and "Tepeth". The language is moribund, with most of the population of 5,000 having shifted to Karamojong, and only a few elders still speaking Soo. So is divided into three major dialects, Tepes, Kadam (Katam) and Napak (Yog toŋi).

</doc>
<doc id="30923108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30923108" title="Ik language">
Ik language

The Ik language, also known as "Icetot, Icietot, Ngulak," or (derogatory) "Teuso, Teuth", is one of the Kuliak languages of northeastern Uganda. The Ik people have a positive attitude toward their language, which is increasing; with Tepes being moribund, Ik may soon be the sole remaining language of its family. It is noted by UNESCO as being "severely endangered."

</doc>
<doc id="30923165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30923165" title="Georg Muche">
Georg Muche

Georg Muche (8 May 1895 – 26 March 1987) was a German painter, printmaker, architect, author, and teacher.
Early life and education.
Georg Muche was born on 8 May 1895 in Querfurt, in the south of Saxony-Anhalt, Germany and grew up in the Rhön area. His father, Felix Muche, was a naïve painter and art collector who was known as "Felix Ramholz".
Muche's art studies began in 1913 in Munich at the School for Painting and the Graphic Arts which had been founded by Anton Ažbe and was then owned by Paul Weinhold and Felix Eisengräber. In 1914 he applied to the Royal Bavarian Academy of Fine Arts in Munich, but failed the entrance examination. His study of painting resumed in 1915, with Martin Brandenburg, when he moved to Berlin. At this time he had already been influenced by Wassily Kandinsky and Max Ernst, and became one of the earliest proponents of abstract art in Germany.
Work.
Sturm.
In Berlin, Muche became associated with Herwarth Walden and his Sturm artist group, working as Walden's exhibition assistant at the Sturm Gallery. He also taught painting at the Sturm Art School from 1916 to 1920. Muche's exposure to the Expressionist world influenced him to become more unconventional in his work, creating abstractions that combined elements of Cubism with the colour ideals of Der Blaue Reiter and Marc Chagall. He participated in three exhibitions from 1916 to 1918, each of which paired his work with that of another artist: Max Ernst (1916), Paul Klee, and Alexander Archipenko (1918). From 1913 to 1923, Muche produced prints which showed a strong influence by Klee, as well as Marc Chagall.
His art career was interrupted with a one-year stint in the military, serving on the Western Front in 1917 during World War I.
Bauhaus.
Walter Gropius invited Muche in 1919 to join the Bauhaus faculty in Weimar. At the urging of Lyonel Feininger, he accepted, becoming the youngest Master of Form. 
Herwarth Walden had given him a five-year contract with Sturm in 1917, but Muche dissolved it prematurely to gain some independence for his Bauhaus work.
At Bauhaus, he headed the weaving workshop from 1919 to 1925 and directed the preliminary course from 1921 to 1922. Muche married Elsa (El) Franke, who was a Bauhaus student, in 1922. After 1922 his style evolved from pure abstraction towards more figurative and organic leanings, a sort of lyric surrealism.
Muche was in charge of the 1923 Bauhaus Exhibition, their first major exhibition, for which he designed an experimental house known as "Haus am Horn". It was constructed in 1923 as the first practical implementation of the new Bauhaus building style. Such principles were key influences on 20th-century architecture. Haus am Horn was designed to showcase economical housing, providing a functional design using prefabricated materials for quick and inexpensive construction. The house, which demonstrates a keen understanding of the use of space, has been called "a true artwork of the realization of abstract monumental beauty". In 1996, Bauhaus and its sites in Weimar and Dessau were declared a 20th-century World Heritage Site by the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization. Of the original Bauhaus buildings in Weimar, Haus am Horn is the only one still standing. Muche was the leading proponent of the Bauhaus architectural group. In 1926 he, along with Richard Paulick, designed the innovative Stahlhaus (Steel House) at Dessau-Törten. From 1925 to 1927 he headed the Bauhaus' weaving workshop in Dessau.
After Bauhaus.
Muche left the Bauhaus in 1927 to join the faculty of Johannes Itten's Modern Art School of Berlin, where he taught until 1930. For 1929's "10 Years of the November Group Exhibition", Muche oversaw the abstract and constructive design and architecture departments. Starting in 1931, until he was dismissed by the Nazis in 1933, he was a professor at the State Academy for Art and Applied Arts in Breslau, where he taught with Oskar Schlemmer. He then resumed teaching in Berlin, at the School for Art and Work, under the directorship of Hugo Häring. He remained there until 1938.
Thirteen Muche paintings and two prints were confiscated from museums by the Nazis and at least two of those works were displayed in the 1937 Munich exhibition "Entartete Kunst (Degenerate Art)". This exhibit was intended to inflame public opinion against modernism, which was presented as a conspiracy by people who hated German decency, and to incite revulsion against the "perverse Jewish spirit" penetrating German culture, although only six of the 112 artists included in the exhibition were in fact Jewish.
After spending some time in Italy, Muche wrote a book, "Buon Fresco – Briefe aus Italien über Handwerk und Stil der echten Freskomalerei", on fresco painting. He exhibited his own frescoes at a Berlin gallery. From 1939 to 1958 Muche was on the faculty of the School for Textile Engineers in Krefeld, holding the position of artist director of the Master Class for Textile Art. He also worked in Wuppertal at an institute developing painting materials. His associates there included Oskar Schlemmer and Willi Baumeister.
He settled in Lindau, on the eastern side of Lake Constance, in 1960. There he continued his painting and graphic art work as a freelancer. His work in the 1970s included a series of paintings and drawings making up the "Tafel der Schuld (Panels of Guilt)". In 1979 he was awarded the Lovis Corinth Prize by the city of Regensburg. In 1980 Berlin's Bauhas Archive assembled an extensive retrospective, "Georg Muche – Das künstlerische Werk 1912–1927". Muche died in Lindau on 26 March 1987.
"Für Wilhelm Runge", a painting by Muche, was featured on a 1996 German postage stamp as part of a series of stamps honoring German painting of the 20th century.
Collections.
Muche's work is in the collections of many museums, including Los Angeles County Museum of Art, Museum of Modern Art (New York), Harvard Art Museums, Museum of Fine Arts (Boston), Brooklyn Museum, and Kunstmuseum Bonn.
External links.
Sites displaying works by Muche. Also see the museum references above.

</doc>
<doc id="30923180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30923180" title="Gr8 Designs for Gr8 Girls">
Gr8 Designs for Gr8 Girls

Gr8 Designs for Gr8 Girls is a program founded by Department of Computer Science, University of Toronto Professor Michelle Craig to support the women in computing initiative. Gr8 Designs offers students the opportunity to learn about computer science with exciting and creative activities. Professors, graduate, and undergraduate students work with the Grade 8 girls to develop computer science skills and create projects of their own.
Purpose.
Michelle Craig reviewed a number of middle school yearbooks, specifically the grade 8 girl’s section of future aspirations and noticed that very few of the young women aspired to a career in science but often listed careers that could be connected to this field such as design. Craig describes the purpose of the program as “Lots of girls write off computer science (CS) or math before they get to high school so we want to catch them before that point because we believe that they (grade 8 girls) would like CS if they were exposed to it earlier."
Participating Universities.
In the spring of 2010 Gr8 Designs for Gr8 Girls will be held at four different University departments:
Support.
Gr8 Designs for Gr8 Girls is supported by NSERC's PromoScience program.

</doc>
<doc id="30923205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30923205" title="New Zealand Local Government">
New Zealand Local Government

New Zealand Local Government is a monthly trade magazine published by Mediaweb, an Auckland-based company. It was published by TPL Media from 1964 to 2011, when Mediaweb purchased TPL Media. 
Content.
The magazine reports "the news, the people, the trends and current concerns of local government in New Zealand", and it covers topics including finance, law, taxation and all aspects of asset management. According to its website "each issue includes a digest of news reports and personnel changes throughout the country, expert opinions on legislation and legal decisions affecting the sector, as well as feature articles covering the issues of the moment."
Although independent, the magazine takes contributions from a number of organisations, including Local Government New Zealand, Society of Local Government Managers (SOLGM), Ingenium (an organisation that represents asset managers and engineers from local authorities) and Association of Local Government Information Management (ALGIM).

</doc>
<doc id="30923228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30923228" title="Hillcrest High School (Simpsonville, South Carolina)">
Hillcrest High School (Simpsonville, South Carolina)

Hillcrest High School, is a public high school in Simpsonville, South Carolina, USA, one of the largest high schools in the Greenville County School District. It was opened on September 3, 1957 for students from Simpsonville, Mauldin and Fountain Inn. A new building was constructed adjacent to the school in 1992, with the original building becoming Bryson Middle School.

</doc>
<doc id="30923256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30923256" title="Asolo Repertory Theatre production history">
Asolo Repertory Theatre production history

The Asolo Repertory Theatre is located in Sarasota, Florida.
1968-1969.
Asolo Rep Productions: 

</doc>
<doc id="30923289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30923289" title="Nyangia language">
Nyangia language

Nyangia (Nyang'i) is the nearly extinct Kuliak language of the Nyangea hunter-gatherers of northeastern Uganda. The 15,000 Nyangia have shifted to speaking Karamojong.
The name is variously spelled "Gyangiya, Ngangea, Ngiangeya, Nuangeya, Nyangeya, Nyangiya, Nyuangia", and is also known as Poren ("Ngapore, Niporen, Nipori, Upale").

</doc>
<doc id="30923364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30923364" title="Diego Casamán">
Diego Casamán

Diego Casamán (born March 10, 1990 in Montevideo) is a Uruguayan footballer who last played for C.A. Rentistas of the Uruguayan Primera División.

</doc>
<doc id="30923374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30923374" title="Lies of the Beautiful People">
Lies of the Beautiful People

"Lies of the Beautiful People" is the first single from 's second studio album "This Is Gonna Hurt", released on March 1, 2011.
Release.
Eddie Trunk's internet blog has announced that the lead single from the album would be called "Lies of the Beautiful People" and was released on March 1, 2011. On February 15, 2011, it was announced that the music video for the single would premiere on Nikki's radio show website Sixx Sense on February 16, 2011, 12:00AM ET / 9:00PM CT.
On February 25, 2011, the single was released for purchase on the European iTunes Store.
Music video.
The music video, which premiered on www.SixxSense.com on February 16, 2011, 12:00AM ET / 9:00PM CT, shows an introduction by Nikki Sixx, and followed by changing live shots of the band, as well as photographs shot by Sixx himself, and taken from his second book "This Is Gonna Hurt: Music, Photography and Life Through the Distorted Lens of Nikki Sixx", on which the album "This Is Gonna Hurt" is based on.
References.
 

</doc>
<doc id="30923436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30923436" title="1990 Pacific Cup">
1990 Pacific Cup

The 1990 Pacific Cup was the fifth edition of the Pacific Cup, a rugby league tournament held between Pacific teams. The tournament was hosted by Tonga and eventually won by Western Samoa, who defeated New Zealand Māori 26-18 in the final, a replay of the 1988 final.

</doc>
<doc id="30923440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30923440" title="Muntaha al-amal">
Muntaha al-amal

Muntaha al-amal (منتهی‌الآمال) is a book written by Shaykh Abbas Qumi on the Islamic prophet Muhammad and his descendants.

</doc>
<doc id="30923442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30923442" title="The Key to Reserva">
The Key to Reserva

The Key to Reserva is a 2007 short film or long-form advertisement for Freixenet Cava champagne starring, written and directed by Martin Scorsese. 
Plot.
The film begins with framing device, wherein Scorsese, playing himself, describing how he discovered three and a half pages of an unproduced Hitchcock film, "The Key to Reserva". As part of this film preservation work he plans to film the script as Hitchcock would have filmed it.
The film, which contains no dialogue, shows Roger Thornberry (Simon Baker) arriving at a box seat during an orchestra performance. He sees a key hidden with the box's light bulb, and goes to retrieve it. He is noticed by one of the performers, Leonard, who signals to his accomplice Louis Bernard, who is holding Roger's wife Grace hostage in the audience. Leonard then goes to stop Roger. The two fight and Leonard falls from the box seat, presumably to his death. Roger uses the key to open a locked case which contains a bottle of Freixenet with top secret files hidden inside. 
The film abruptly stops, as Scorsese explains that a page is missing, so he simply filmed the concluding paragraph of the script which shows Louis Bernard arrested, as Roger and his wife reunite over a glass of Freixenet.
Scorsese then discusses with the interviewer possible future projects. The camera pans back to reveal Scorsese, Thelma Schoonmaker, and the interviewer in an office in a tower block, meanwhile crows flock around the building. The final scene recalls two of Hitchcock's most iconic films; "Rear Window" and "The Birds".

</doc>
<doc id="30923458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30923458" title="Phil Slattery">
Phil Slattery

Philip Ryan Slattery (February 25, 1893 – March 2, 1968) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball. He played for the Pittsburgh Pirates in 1915.

</doc>
<doc id="30923526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30923526" title="Raheem Sterling">
Raheem Sterling

Raheem Shaquille Sterling (born 8 December 1994) is an English professional footballer of Jamaican descent who plays as a winger for Premier League club Liverpool and the England national team. He began his career at Queens Park Rangers before signing for Liverpool in 2010. He represented England at under-16, under-17 and under-21 level before being capped at full level by the national side in 2012.
Club career.
Sterling was signed by Liverpool from the Academy at Queens Park Rangers in February 2010 by Rafael Benítez for an initial fee of £600,000, which could rise to £5 million depending on how many appearances he makes for the first team. He made his first appearance for the first team in a pre-season friendly against Borussia Mönchengladbach in Germany on 1 August 2010.
Sterling played in the youth team, scoring his first goal in a friendly against Hibernian in a 2–2 draw. His first Premier Academy League match was a 2–2 draw against Aston Villa, his first win coming at home to Bristol City a week later. On 15 December, Sterling scored in the FA Youth Cup in a 4–0 win over Notts County. On 14 February 2011, Sterling scored five goals in a 9–0 win over Southend United.
On 24 March 2012, Sterling made his senior Liverpool debut as a substitute in a league match against Wigan Athletic, aged 17 years and 107 days, becoming the second-youngest player ever to play for the club in the process. On 1 May he made his second appearance, again as a substitute, against Fulham. On the final home game of the season, he made another substitute appearance in a 4–1 win against Chelsea.
In August 2012, he made his European debut for the club, coming on as a substitute in a UEFA Europa League qualifying match against Gomel, replacing Joe Cole in a 1–0 win. The following week, Sterling scored his first goal for the senior team with a first-half strike in a friendly against Bayer Leverkusen. On 23 August 2012, he started his first game for Liverpool in a Europa League qualifying match away to Hearts in a 1–0 win. He was given his first start in the league three days later in a 2–2 draw at Anfield to Manchester City. He played the full 90 minutes in the loss to Arsenal on 2 September, and the draw with Sunderland on 15 September, where he registered one assist and was named man of the match. On 19 September, Sterling was one of the group of teenagers that traveled to Switzerland to play Young Boys in a Europa League group game. He replaced Stewart Downing in the second half as Liverpool won 5–3. On 20 October, Sterling scored his first senior competitive goal for Liverpool in the 29th minute in a 1–0 league win against Reading with a strike from the edge of the box. As a result he became the second-youngest player ever to score in a competitive fixture for Liverpool, behind only Michael Owen.
On 21 December 2012, Sterling signed a contract extension, committing his future to Liverpool. He scored his second league goal for the club on 2 January 2013, opening the scoring in a 3–0 win against Sunderland with a lob over goalkeeper Simon Mignolet.
On 27 August 2013, he scored his first goal of the 2013–14 season, the opening goal against Notts County in a 4–2 win in the League Cup. On 4 December, Sterling scored his first Premier League goal of the season for Liverpool in a 5–1 win over Norwich City. His form in December saw him score two further goals in wins against Tottenham Hotspur (5–0) and Cardiff City (3–1). On 8 February 2014, he scored twice in a 5–1 win against Arsenal at Anfield. On 13 April, he scored Liverpool's opening goal in a 3–2 win over Manchester City. A week later, he scored two goals and assisted another as Liverpool won 3–2 against Norwich City at Carrow Road.
On 18 April, he was named as one of the six players on the shortlist for the PFA Young Player of the Year award.
International career.
Despite living in England since the age of five, Sterling was initially only eligible to represent Jamaica at international level. It was not until September 2009 that FIFA agreed to the proposals by the English, Northern Irish, Scottish and Welsh Football Associations to update the "home nations agreement", allowing players who were educated in their nation for five years or more to become eligible for their national team. Sterling first represented England at under-16 level in November 2009 in a match against Northern Ireland. When speaking of the possibility of playing for Jamaica, Sterling said: "When it comes to that decision, that is when I will decide, but if Jamaica calls for me, why not?"
Sterling was selected to play for England for the 2011 U-17 World Cup. He scored a long-range goal in England's opening 2–0 win against Rwanda in Pachuca. He also scored against Argentina in the second round in a game where England won 4–2 on penalties. On 10 September 2012, Sterling was called up to the senior England squad for the first time for a 2014 World Cup qualifying match against Ukraine, where he was an unused substitute. In early October he was called up for the first time to the England under-21 squad and made his debut as a substitute during a match against Serbia on 16 October. He scored his first goal for England U21 on 13 August 2013, in a 6–0 win against Scotland.
Senior team.
He made his senior debut for England on 14 November 2012, starting in a friendly away to Sweden. On 5 March 2014, Sterling earned his second cap and was named man of the match as England beat Denmark 1–0 in a friendly match at Wembley Stadium.
2014 FIFA World Cup.
On 12 May 2014, Sterling was named in England's 23-man squad for the 2014 FIFA World Cup. In a pre-tournament friendly on 4 June, against Ecuador in Miami on his fourth cap, Sterling slid into Antonio Valencia, who reacted by grabbing Sterling's neck; both received red cards for their actions. Valencia later apologized for his reaction. 
On 14 June, Sterling started in England's opening group match, a 2–1 loss to Italy in Manaus, and was rated as the team's best performing player by the BBC.
Personal life.
Sterling grew up in the Maverley area of Kingston, Jamaica and was raised by his grandmother. At the age of five he emigrated to London, England with his mother. Once arrived, he attended Copland High School in Wembley, North West London. He has one daughter born in 2012 after a brief relationship.
On 8 August 2013, Sterling was arrested for an alleged assault on his model girlfriend. He was found not guilty at Liverpool Magistrates Court on 20 September. Sterling had previously gone to trial for another assault on a woman, but the case was abandoned after alleged witnesses did not appear. Sterling's legal fees were paid for by the taxpayer as he was considered eligible for legal aid, despite reportedly earning a salary of £30,000 per week.
In an interview with the "Daily Mail", Sterling stated that he is a Christian and the faith is an important thing for him.
Sponsorship.
In 2012, Sterling signed a sponsorship deal with American sportswear and equipment supplier, Nike. He appeared in an advert for the new Nike Green Speed II alongside Mario Götze, Theo Walcott, Eden Hazard, Christian Eriksen and Stephan El Shaarawy in November 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="30923552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30923552" title="Emnico Technologies">
Emnico Technologies

Emnico Technologies is a British-based Information technology business. With headquarters in Swindon, Wiltshire, Emnico provide bespoke software applications and Internet services including Website design and development.
History.
Emnico Technologies was founded in 2007 by Heydar Faramarzi and was immediately joined by his team of IT experts. Growing to 20 employees by January 2009, the company won contracts with a number of local, national and international businesses to produce and support existing and bespoke business applications.
Emnico expanded its operations to include technical support provision in 2009 and expanded its client-base, this enabled it to be able to provide ad-hoc services to local charities and non-profit organisations such as Swindon Town F.C.'s Football in the Community project. The company continued this trend, gaining a contract with charity services provider Charity Business in March 2010.
Emnico Green.
Emnico Green was launched to help raise the profile of 'Green IT' and companies requirements under the European Union's WEEE Directive. Emnico were an exclusive regional partner of Remploy e-cycle and had Microsoft Approved Refurbisher status. This enabled them to accept donated end-of-life IT equipment and redeploy, recycle or otherwise dispose of it via approved third parties and in line with government and EU legislation. Equipment of an acceptable standard were provided to charitable organisations under the scheme.
Emnico Services.
Emnico Services focuses purely on software application development for both in-house use and client contracts. Emnico Services' flagship product is EmNOC (Emerging Network Operations Center), a network management tool which provides a number of monitoring features for end-user and helpdesk environments.

</doc>
<doc id="30923568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30923568" title="Abbas Qumi">
Abbas Qumi

Abbas Qumi, also known as "Muhaddith Qumi", was a Shia Hadith scholar. He was born in Qom in 1294 Hijri (1875 CE).

</doc>
<doc id="30923578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30923578" title="Gene Madden">
Gene Madden

Eugene Madden (January 5, 1890 – April 6, 1949) was a pinch hitter in Major League Baseball. He played for the Pittsburgh Pirates in 1916. In 371 minor league games, he played outfield and second base.

</doc>
<doc id="30923613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30923613" title="Hafiz Pashayev">
Hafiz Pashayev

Hafiz Pashayev Mir Jalal oglu (; born May 2, 1941) is the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs at the Government of Azerbaijan since 2006.
Early life.
Pashayev was born in Baku, Azerbaijan on May 2, 1941. In 1963, he has been graduated from the Physics Faculty of Azerbaijan State University. After the graduation, he started to work at the Physics Institute of the Azerbaijan National Academy of Sciences until 1967. In 1971, he obtained the Candidate of Sciences degree at the I. V. Kurchatov Institute of Atomic Energy in Moscow. In 1975-1976, he continued the investigations at the University of California, Irvine. Finally, he obtained the Doctor of Sciences degree in 1984. From 1971 to 1992, Pashayev worked as a researcher and a laboratory chief at the Physics Institute of the Azerbaijan National Academy of Sciences.
Political career.
Hafiz Pashayev started his political career in 1993 as an Azerbaijan's first Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the United States (also accredited in Canada and Mexico). He was retained in his post till 2006, when at the same year he was appointed the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Azerbaijan Republic. Pashayev is accountable for the Azerbaijan Diplomatic Academy established under the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Azerbaijan Republic. He is the first rector of the academy. Moreover, Hafiz Pashayev is the author of more than 100 scientific works and 2 monographs, as well as the articles on various socio-political issues in the local and international media.
Personal life.
Hafiz Pashayev is married, he has two children and four grandchildren. Other than his native language - Azerbaijani, he speaks fluent English and Russian. He is the son of the well-known writer and literary critic, Mir Jalal Pashayev and the uncle of the Azerbaijan's current First Lady, Mehriban Aliyeva.

</doc>
<doc id="30923615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30923615" title="Back to the Country">
Back to the Country

Back to the Country is a 1975 country music album by Loretta Lynn released on MCA Records. The album's one single release was "The Pill", a controversial song about birth control that brought Lynn much notoriety in the media and led to the song being banned on a number of radio stations albeit with the single reportedly being Lynn's best selling one of the decade.

</doc>
<doc id="30923636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30923636" title="Weld-On">
Weld-On

Weld-On is a division of IPS Corporation, a manufacturer of solvent cements, primers, and cleaners for PVC, CPVC, and ABS plastic piping systems. Weld-On products are commonly used for joining plastic pipes and fittings. Weld-On also manufactures specialty products from repair adhesives for leaking pipes, pipe thread sealants / joint compounds, to test plugs for pipeline pressure testing. Their products are most commonly utilized in the irrigation, industrial, pool & spa, electrical conduit, and plumbing industries.
Headquartered in California, Weld-On has operations throughout the United States, as well as in China, and a worldwide network of sales representatives and distributors.

</doc>
<doc id="30923645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30923645" title="Janet Bewley (Wisconsin politician)">
Janet Bewley (Wisconsin politician)

Janet Bewley (born November 10, 1951) is a Wisconsin-based American politician and legislator.
Born in Cleveland, Ohio, Bewley graduated from Case Western Reserve University. She was the first member of her family to graduate from college, and went on to earn a Master's in Academic Administration from the University of Maine in 1977. She was elected to the Wisconsin State Assembly in 2010, replacing Gary Sherman (who did not seek re-election). Before being elected to the Assembly, she served on the city council of her current hometown, Ashland Wisconsin. She is also a former Community Relations Officer for the Wisconsin Housing and Economic Development Authority (WHEDA).
On December 16th, 2013 Democratic state Representative Janet Bewley of Ashland, WI announced her intention to run for the Wisconsin State Senate, district 25, to replace retiring Senator Robert Jauch, also a Democrat. 

</doc>
<doc id="30923647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30923647" title="Massacre">
Massacre

A massacre is a specific incident in which a military force, mob, or other group kill many people—and the perpetrating party is perceived as in total control of force while the victimized party is perceived as helpless or innocent. No clear-cut criteria defines when a mass killing is a massacre. Public perception during and after the event, and collective assessment of how the circumstances align with given ideas of acceptable use of force, and on how a culture or nation wants to hold an event in collective memory. Massacres have often accompanied the sack of a captured city. For example, Julius Caesar's soldiers massacred the population of Avaricum regardless of age and sex.
The first recorded use in English of the word "massacre" to label an event is Marlowe's (circa 1600), "The massacre at Paris" (a reference to the St. Bartholomew's Day massacre). 
The word ultimately derives from Middle Low German "*matskelen" meaning "to slaughter".
"Massacre" is also a verb that means to kill (people or, less commonly, animals) in numbers, especially brutally and indiscriminately. The first known use for this meaning was in 1588.
The term is also used metaphorically for events that do not involve deaths, such as the Saturday Night Massacre—the dismissals and resignations of political appointees during Richard Nixon's Watergate scandal.

</doc>
<doc id="30923652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30923652" title="Bell Post Hill Football Club">
Bell Post Hill Football Club

The Bell Post Hill Football Club, known as the Panthers, is a football club currently playing in the Geelong & District Football League (GDFL) fielding senior, reserves and under-18 teams. They are the current three-time reigning GDFL premiers, winning the 2010, 2011 and 2012 premierships.
Club details.
Their home ground is Myers Reserve, Creamery Rd, Bell Post Hill. They are currently coached by former and AFL player Brent Grgic. The team jerseys are red and blue vertical stripes.
Club history.
The club was formed in 1976 as a junior football club, in 1977 a senior side entered the Geelong & District Football League.
Bell Post Hill reached their first senior Grand Final in 1983 losing to Thomson. They reached the Grand Final again in 1988 losing narrowly to Lara, they wouldn't reach another for 20 years until 2008 when they again lost to Thomson. In 2009 the Panthers again reached the Grand Final, losing to East Geelong in a spiteful contest. The hoodoo was finally broken in 2010, in their third consecutive GDFL Grand Final appearance, defeating minor premiers Werribee Centrals by 103 points.
Club honours.
Senior Premierships – 2010, 2011, 2012
Senior Grand Finals – 1983, 1988, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013
Reserves Premierships – 1994, 2000, 2012
Under-18 Premierships – 1981, 1989, 1992
Senior League Best & Fairest – Shaun Lewis (2008), Shane Tobin (2013)
Senior Grand Final Best-on-Ground – Jamie Pyle (2010), Justin Tarr (2012)
Reserve League Best & Fairest - Josh Bacely (2013)
Reserves Grand Final Best-on-Ground - Robert Law (2012)
Senior Premierships.
2010 Premiership.
Bell Post Hill went into the 2010 GDFL finals series with a 15–3 regular season record, finishing second on the ladder, one game behind Werribee Centrals. The Panthers faced old rival Bannockburn in the Qualifying final, a five-goal second quarter set up a 38 point win.
The Second Semi-Final saw Bell Post Hill face Werribee Centrals, after a tight first quarter, Bell Post Hill once again rallied in the second and eventually ran away with a 68 point victory and a spot in the Grand Final.
With Werribee Centrals defeating Bannockburn in the preliminary final, the Panthers would face the Centurions twice in a row. Bell Post Hill came flying out of the blocks and kicked 6 goals to 1 in the first quarter and had 10 goals on the board at half time, it should have been more due to some inaccurate kicking for goal. After half-time the Panthers put the foot down keeping the Centurions goaless in the third quarter and then kicking 7 goals in the last to run out 103 point winners.
Scorecard.
Goals: Bell Post Hill – J Pyle 8, M Jovanovic 4, D Holzfeind 3, R Cavka 2, T Barton, S Lewis, C Bacely, C Moreland 1
Werribee Centrals – T Johns 2, D Leatch 1, N Lovell 1, B Pilkington 1, S Calbert 1
Best: Bell Post Hill – J Pyle, D Holzfeind, B Martin, J Symes, S Overall, C Moreland
Werribee Centrals – A Burke, B Pilkington, D Hall, D Leatch, B Chugg
Premiership Team.
Source
2011 Premiership.
After finishing top of the ladder, the Panthers went straight through to the Grand Final by defeating East Geelong by 21 points in the second semi final. They then faced the Eagles again two weeks later in the Grand Final. Trailing by 19 points at half-time and 11 points at three-quarter time, the Panthers surged in the last-quarter, kicking 7 goals to 1, to run out 27 point winners and claim back-to-back senior premierships.
Scorecard.
Goals: Bell Post Hill – M Jovanovic 4, C Addie, A Baird 3, T Fursland, A Pisano, C Bacely, D Holzfiend, S Tobin, C Moreland, B Grgic 1
East Geelong – B Connors 7, A Skrobalak 3, K Robertston, R Chamberlain, R O'Toole 1
Best: Bell Post Hill – C Moreland, D Holzfiend, M Jovanovic, T Fursland, C Addie, A Baird
East Geelong – B Connors, R O'Toole, L Edmondson, C Hunter, R Closter, B Bolton
Premiership Team.
Source
2012 Premiership.
Once again Bell Post Hill finished top of the ladder and progressed through to the Grand Final by defeating Thomson in the second semi final by 31 points. For the second consecutive year they were drawn against East Geelong in the Grand Final. After a bruising encounter the Panthers finished off the galant Eagles and recorded a 13 point victory, with Justin Tarr kicking 6 goals and being named best-on-ground. The day was made even sweeter with the Reserves winning their first premiership in 12 years and recording an historic double for the club.
2012 Senior Premiership.
Goals: Bell Post Hill – J Tarr 6, C Moreland, D Holzfiend 2, D Witney, T Barton, S Lewis 1
East Geelong – J Bouwman 4, L Murphy 3, R Closter 2, R Coy, B Bolton 1
Best: Bell Post Hill – J Tarr, D Holzfiend, C Moreland, T Barton, T Fursland, C Addie
East Geelong – R Chamberlain, L Murphy, K Robertson, J Mawson, J Challis, R O"Toole
Premiership Team.
Source
Book.
Cat Country - History of Football In The Geelong Region - John Stoward - ISBN 978-0-9577515-8-3

</doc>
<doc id="30923674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30923674" title="On Top">
On Top

On Top may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30923681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30923681" title="Tokyo Metro 1000 series">
Tokyo Metro 1000 series

The is an electric multiple unit (EMU) train type operated by Tokyo Metro in Japan on the Tokyo Metro Ginza Line since April 2012.
The first trainset was delivered in September 2011 ahead of entry into revenue service from 11 April 2012, with full-production sets entering service from 2013. The fleet of 38 Tokyo Metro 01 series sets is scheduled to be replaced by fiscal 2015.
Design.
The design of the new 1000 series trains is a modern rendition of the original 1000 series trains, which were originally used on the Ginza Line when the line opened in 1927. The new 1000 series uses newly developed bogies with steerable axles to reduce flange noise on sharp curves.
PMSM (permanent magnet synchronous motors) are used, offering 20% energy savings compared to the VVVF inverter controlled motors used in earlier 01 series trains.
The trains are lit entirely with LED lights, including the headlights, offering energy savings of 40% when compared to fluorescent lighting. The LED lighting is supplied by Panasonic Electric Works.
The design was awarded the 2013 Blue Ribbon Award, presented annually by the Japan Railfan Club, and a presentation ceremony was held at Nakano Depot on 12 October 2013.
Formation.
The sets are formed as follows, with car 1 at the Shibuya end and car 6 at the Asakusa end.
Exterior.
The trains are finished in a lemon yellow livery applied using vinyl sheets, recreating the appearance of the original 1000 series trains introduced on the line in 1927.
Interior.
Internally, the new trains feature pairs of 17-inch LCD passenger information displays above each door. Seat width is increased from 430 mm to 460 mm. Luggage racks and strap handles have been lowered by 100 mm compared to the 01 series trains.
History.
The first set was delivered from Nippon Sharyo in Toyokawa, Aichi on 17 September 2011. It entered service on the Ginza Line from 11 April 2012. The second set was delivered from Nippon Sharyo in April 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="30923683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30923683" title="Terra Hazelton">
Terra Hazelton

Terra Hazelton is a Canadian jazz musician, broadcaster and actress. 
Raised in Calgary, Hazelton began studying theatre with the Loose Moose Theatre Company as a teenager. She later moved to Toronto to pursue opportunities in theatre, discovering her skills as a musician when she was asked to write a comedic song for an improv show. She has since released two solo albums as a jazz singer, as well as appearing on Jeff Healey's 2006 album "It's Tight Like That". She performs regularly at Toronto jazz clubs and has performed at various jazz festivals across Canada, and also formerly hosted "Timeless", a program on Toronto's jazz radio station CJRT-FM devoted to early 20th century jazz recordings. 
As an actor, she made her first film appearance in the 2010 film "FUBAR 2". She garnered a Genie Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress at the 31st Genie Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="30923688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30923688" title="Dokka Manikya Vara Prasad">
Dokka Manikya Vara Prasad

Dokka Manikya Vara Prasada Rao (born 5 March 1962) is an Indian politician and legislator. He belongs to the Indian National Congress. He is an MLA from Tadikonda constituency.
Early life.
Born to Dokka Deva Bhiksham and Lolamma on 5 March 1962 at Gurajala Village in Guntur District. Andhra Pradesh.
Dokka Manikya Varaprasada Rao completed his high school and college education respectively in Zilla Parisdhad High School and Government Junior College, Gurajala of Guntur district. He did graduation in science in SKBR Degree College, Macherla. He is a law graduate from Andhra Christian College of Law, Guntur and he has also obtained L.L.M. from Acharya Nagarjuna University. At present he is doing Ph.D on “Secularism and Indian Constitution” from Osmania University, Hyderabad
Career.
Manikya Vara Prasad won as an MLA in 2004 elections.He is won his first election in Tadikonda.2009 to 2011 worked as secondary educational minister and now He is Rural Development and National Rural Employeement Guarantee Scheme (NREGS) Minister in the present cabinet of Government of Andhra Pradesh.
He quit his position as Legal Officer in South Central Railways and entered into politics as Congress worker inspired by the ideology and activities of the Party. He led the Congress Forum for Intellectuals and played a key role in presenting various important papers on the policies and programs of the congress party. He never hesitated to make the people representatives of all bodies to realize their duties towards the public who elected them.
He elected to the Andhra Pradesh Legislative Assembly from Tadikonda Constituency in 2004. As MLA he took up various developmental activities in his Constituency.

</doc>
<doc id="30923694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30923694" title="G. Harold Wagner">
G. Harold Wagner

G. Harold Wagner (1900–1960) was a politician in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. Originally a Republican while serving in Luzerne County politics, Wagner switched to the Democratic Party in 1934, before entering statewide office. After retirement from public life, he moved to Florida in 1955. Wagner died near his summer residence in North Carolina in 1960.
Obituary.
"The text below is a transcript of an obituary published in the April 21, 1960, edition of the Wilkes-Barre Record newspaper. Grammatical and spelling errors are included below exactly as found in the 1960 newspaper article."
"G. Harold Wagner, 60, former Pennsylvania State Treasurer and Auditor General, died yesterday morning in an Asheville, N.C., hospital of a heart attack suffered Tuesday while at his summer home in Black Mountain, N.C.
Mr. Wagner, a former resident of Wilkes-Barre, Bear Creek, Penn Lake and the Back Mountain area, maintained residence at Fort Lauderdale, Fla., since 1955.
Formerly a Republican leader in Luzerne County politics, Mr. Wagner won election to the two state fiscal officers in the 1940s as a Democrat after bolting the GOP to support George H. Earle’s successful gubernatorial campaign in 1934.
Mr. Wagner was born in Drifton, July 19, 1900, son of the late George and Sallie Kitchen Wagner. His paternal grandfather, who came to America at the age of 14, was a member of the Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry in the Civil War. The grandfather was wounded in action, decorated for bravery under fire and advanced to become a commissioned officer.
Mr. Wagner’s father was elected Clark of Courts of Luzerne County in 1913 and reelected without opposition in 1917. On the death of his father in 1920 Mr. Wagner’s mother was appointed to fill the county vacancy as Clerk of Courts. His mother was a cousin of A. Mitchell Palmer of Stroudsburg, Attorney General of United States in President Woodrow Wilson’s cabinet and who recommended her as Clerk of Courts to succeed her husband. Mrs. Wagner was said to be the first woman to hold public office following ratification of the woman’s suffrage amendment in 1919.
Mr. Wagner attended Wilkes-Barre schools, Mining and Mechanical Institute of Freeland and Wilkes-Barre Business College.
After graduating from business college in 1917 Mr. Wagner became assistant ticket agent for Lehigh Valley Railroad in Wilkes-Barre and secretary to the valuation engineer of Delaware and Hudson railroad.
At outbreak of World War I Mr. Wagner enlisted in United States Navy at Newport, R.I., and was assigned to the U.S. Naval Mine Depot at Yorktown, Va., as a second class seaman. Three months later he was promoted to petty officer and was honora_ly discharged in April, 1919.
After World War I Mr. Wagner engaged in the real estate and insurance business in this area and became associated in the reorganization of the Dallas Post, later becoming editor and business manager of the publication.
Mr. Wagner served one term as treasurer of Dallas Borough and from 1919 to 1928 was deputy Clerk of Courts of Luzerne County. In 1927 he was named chief of the inheritance tax department of Luzerne County and in 1930, while specializing in the appraisal of real estate, was named county property assessor.
In 1931 he was appointed special auditor of county offices by the late Leonard D. Morgan, who was county controller. When the inheritance tax division of the State Auditor General’s office was reorganized Mr. Wagner helped train appraisers for work throughout the state.
On May 5, 1941, when he was a resident of Carey Avenue, city, Mr. Wagner became the first Luzerne County man to become State Treasurer. After four years as State Treasurer Mr. Wagner became State Auditor General on May 1, 1945. When Mr. Wagner was sworn in as Auditor General by former Governor Edward Martin he was accompanied by Governor David L. Lawrence, who at that time was Democratic state chairman.
After retirement from public life Mr. Wagner lived at Penn Lake and Bear Creek and in 1955 he moved to Florida where he became interested in real estate developments in the Fort Lauderdale and Pompano Beach areas.
Mr. Wagner leaves his wife, the former Dorothy M. Singer of Harrisburg and following children: Mrs. Eugene Cloutier, Charlotte, N.C., Mrs. J.C. Masvero, Shavertown; Kenneth, Fort Lauderdale, Fla., and Harold Jr. of Detroit. He also leaves following brothers and sisters: Charles W. Wagner, Shavertown; J. Merritt, Kingston, Mrs. G.B. Saunders, Old Greenwich Conn., and Miss Dorothy Wagner of Wilkes-Barre, who was visiting the Wagner family at Black Mountain, N.C., when her brother died. Mr. Wagner also leaves several grandchildren."

</doc>
<doc id="30923697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30923697" title="Remote Luxury">
Remote Luxury

Remote Luxury may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30923732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30923732" title="1992 Pacific Cup">
1992 Pacific Cup

The 1992 Pacific Cup may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30923738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30923738" title="August Ahlqvist">
August Ahlqvist

Karl August Engelbrekt Ahlqvist, who wrote as A. Oksanen (1826–1889), was a Finnish poet, scholar of the Finno-Ugric language, author, and literary critic.
He was born in Kuopio, on August 7, 1826, the illegitimate child of Baron Johan Mauritz Nordenstam (d. 1882); his mother Maria Augusta Ahlqvist (d. 1886) was a servant. He died November 20, 1889, in Helsinki, Finland.
As a scholar Ahlquvist contributed to reformation of the Finnish language, and was highly esteemed for his work in the Finnish, Hungarian, Estonian and related languages. His pungent criticism of Aleksis Kivi's "Seitsemän veljestä" ("Seven Brothers") caused the publishers to postpone its issue.

</doc>
<doc id="30923774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30923774" title="Submit It!">
Submit It!

Submit It!, Inc. was a privately held Internet services company located in Bedford, Massachusetts. The original free Submit It! service was created by Scott Banister while he was a student at the University of Illinois. He left during his sophomore year to co-found Submit It! Inc., where he served as vice president of technology. The other co-founders were Bill Younker, the company's president and CEO, and Larry Gormley, the vice president of product development.
Products.
The company's original product was Submit It!, a web site announcement service.
In May 1997, it introduced DirectoryGuide, a compilation of Internet search engines and directories.
In October 1997, it acquired the search engine monitoring service PositionAgent from NetGambit, Inc., of Chicago.
In December 1997, it launched ClickTrade, a service which enabled web sites to run link partner programs.
Another of the company's products was ListBot, an email list hosting service. Both NetGambit's PositionAgent and ListBot were built by Max Levchin's NetMeridian Software.
Acquisition.
In June 1998, Submit It! Inc. was acquired by LinkExchange. Subsequently, in November 1998, LinkExchange was acquired by Microsoft.

</doc>
<doc id="30923787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30923787" title="Jack Wisner">
Jack Wisner

John Henry Wisner (November 5, 1899 – December 15, 1981), known as "Big" Jack Wisner, was a professional baseball pitcher. He played all or part of four seasons in Major League Baseball between 1919 and 1926. He played for the Pittsburgh Pirates and New York Giants.

</doc>
<doc id="30923809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30923809" title="When the Tingle Becomes a Chill">
When the Tingle Becomes a Chill

When the Tingle Becomes a Chill is a 1976 country music album by Loretta Lynn released on MCA Records. The album featured two single releases, the title song which hit #2 in the "Billboard" charts and "Red, White, and Blue", which became Loretta Lynn's least successful single to date on a major label, peaking at #20, Lynn's only single release during the 1970s not to make Billboard's top ten country singles.

</doc>
<doc id="30923834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30923834" title="Glasshouse (The Temptations song)">
Glasshouse (The Temptations song)

"Glasshouse" is a 1975 R&B single by The Temptations. It was written by Motown songwriting team Charlemagne, which consisted of James Carmichael, Ronald Miller and Kathy Wakefield. The song appeared on the album "A Song for You". All five Temptations alternate lead vocals, singing about how people who live in glasshouses "shouldn't throw no stones". It was the last top forty hit for The Temptations, going to number thirty-seven pop and number nine on the R&B charts.

</doc>
<doc id="30923848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30923848" title="Wairopi">
Wairopi

Wairopi () is a village along the Kumusi River, in Oro Province, Papua New Guinea. The village lies along the Kokoda Track.
History.
During the retreat of the ill fated Imperial Japanese campaign along the Kokoda Track during the Second World War, Japanese Major General Tomitaro Horii drowned while attempting to cross the Kumusi River at Wairopi, after the battle of Oivi-Gorari.

</doc>
<doc id="30923860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30923860" title="Frank E. Gaebelein">
Frank E. Gaebelein

Frank Ely Gaebelein (March 31, 1899 – January 19, 1983) was an American evangelical educator, author, and editor who was the founding headmaster of The Stony Brook School in Long Island, New York. He is the author of more than twenty books, and also served as editor for "Our Hope", "Christianity Today", and "Eternity" magazines, style editor for the translation committee of the New International Version of the Bible, and general editor for the 12-volume "Expositor’s Bible Commentary".
Early life and education.
Gaebelein was born in Mount Vernon, New York, the youngest of three sons, to German immigrants Arno Clemons and Emma Fredericka (née Grimm) Gaebelein. His father was a noted preacher and outspoken early leader of the dispensationalist and fundamentalist movements. Frank graduated from Mount Vernon High School, where he was editor of the yearbook with E. B. White (later contributor to "The New Yorker" magazine and author of "Charlotte’s Web" and "Stuart Little"). He earned his B.A. from New York University (1920), where he was the piano soloist performing with the University Glee Club. Gaebelein’s studies were interrupted briefly in 1918 to serve in the U.S. Army, where he was commissioned as a Second Lieutenant. He earned his A.M. from Harvard University (1921), where he studied English and comparative literature. In 1923, Gaebelein married Dorothy Laura (née Medd), with whom he had three children: Dorothy Laura G. Hampton, Donn Medd, and Gretchen Elizabeth Gaebelein Hull (who later gave birth to artist Jeff Hull (1955), Dr. Rev. Sanford Hull (1956), and Meredyth Hull Smith (1957)).
Career.
Shortly after graduating from Harvard in the spring of 1921, Gaebelein was approached by John F. Carson and Ford C. Ottman to be the headmaster of The Stony Brook School, which was an outgrowth of the Stony Brook Assembly. Frank Gaebelein began organizing The Stony Brook School, which opened in the fall of 1922. He held the position of headmaster for more than four decades. During this time, he also served as an ordained deacon and presbyter at the Reformed Episcopal Church. In 1954 he served as vice-chairman for Oxford University Press’s preparation of the "New Scofield Reference Bible". Toward the end of his tenure at Stony Brook, Gaebelein and the school came under pressure from fundamentalists because of their embracing “new evangelicalism”. One of the leaders of this movement, Harold Ockenga, invited Gaebelein to be the dean of the newly founded Fuller Theological Seminary, an offer he considered but ultimately declined. 
After retiring from Stony Brook in 1963, Gaebelein joined Carl F. H. Henry as co-editor of "Christianity Today". While covering the 1965 Selma to Montgomery marches for civil rights, he was criticized for abandoning his role as a reporter and joining as a protestor. In 1968 he served as style committee chairman for the New International Version of the Bible. From 1969 to 1972, Gaebelein was director of the faculty summer seminar on faith and learning at Wheaton College (Illinois). In 1971, he took on the role as general editor for the "Expositor’s Bible Commentary", an endeavor he continued until his death.
Death and legacy.
In October 1982, Gaebelein attended the dedication of the Frank E. Gaebelein Hall at The Stony Brook School. In November 1982, he underwent a double bypass surgery, and never fully recovered. Gaebelein died two months later at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota.

</doc>
<doc id="30923873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30923873" title="Ibibio language">
Ibibio language

Ibibio (proper) is the native language of the Ibibio people of southern Nigeria. It is the official language of Akwa Ibom State in Nigeria.
The name "Ibibio" is also used for Ibibio-Efik.

</doc>
<doc id="30923907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30923907" title="Black Thunder (chocolate bar)">
Black Thunder (chocolate bar)

The Black Thunder bar was conceived as an easily marketable candy bar with three popular components and a reasonable price. The name was partially inspired by the Japanese god of thunder. Black Thunder bars were first made in a factory in the city of Toyohashi in 1994. The target demographic was university students in the Kanto region and sales growth depended mostly on word-of-mouth recommendations. Through a series of marketing deals starting in 2004, sales of Black Thunder gradually climbed. In 2008, the Yuraku Confectionery company sponsored the Men's Gymnastics team at the 2008 Summer Olympics, and brand recognition correspondingly increased.
Starting in 2008, Yuraku Confectionery company began developing and marketing variations on the Black Thunder bar. Similar products in the same line include the Big Thunder, Black Thunder Mini-bar, "White Black Thunder", and the Morning Thunder breakfast bar. In 2009, Yuraku began collaborative efforts with other agencies to develop related products inspired by the Black Thunder candy bar.
Product.
The original concept was a candy bar that would have three main components, a heavy texture, rich flavor, and a reasonable price; the combination of these qualities would ensure that it would be an easily marketable product. It was later decided it should be appealing to as many demographic groups as possible, including children. A candy bar was developed with a dark cocoa-flavored cookie pieces mixed with Japanese-style crisped rice, and finally coated with dark milk chocolate. The cookie bar is pressed relatively flat on five sides; however, the top of the bar presents an uneven surface, even with the chocolate coating. When it came to a name for the product, it was decided that the keyword should be the color "black", which would allude to the dark chocolate flavor. This is in keeping with other marketing trends in Japan, where the color "black" is associated with dark or bittersweet chocolate, such as the popular Meiji Black chocolate bar. To give the product some "impact" with consumers, it was decided to name it after the Japanese god of thunder, Raijin. Although the name of the product uses the English words "Black Thunder" (pronounced or transliterated as "Burakku Sandah"), the outer package also carries the Japanese "kanji" term for the product in a smaller font (黒い雷神, pronounced "kuroi raijin"), so that the meaning would not be lost on consumers. An advertising slogan recorded from the development period translates to, "Delicious taste like a flash of lightning!" (おいしさイナズマ級!), but was initially rejected in favor of the basic one-line descriptive "Black cocoa crunch".
History.
During initial development, a chocolate bar with three kinds of nuts was developed, called "ChocoNuts 3". However, it was terminated within a short time, as it was thought it would not appeal to children. The Black Thunder bar was then developed based on the original concept specifications but also with the idea that it would appeal to multiple demographic segments, including children.
In 1994, a small factory with only twenty employees in Toyohashi city, Aichi-ken, began making the Black Thunder chocolate bars. The packaging at that time used alphabetic script that read "Black Thunder", and the suggested retail price was set at 30 yen. By the year 2000, sales were not impressive, but it was decided to keep the product. At the same time, the package design was altered, and the concept slogan was added: "Delicious taste in a flash of lightning!" In August 2003, the package was changed again to its current design, in which alphabetic font for the brand name was replaced with Japanese lettering in "katakana". Finally, a new advertising slogan aimed at a specific demographic was added to the front of the package: "A big hit among young women!" Throughout this early period, sales growth was largely dependent on word-of-mouth recommendations.
Though initially distributed only to 7-Eleven stores in the Kanto region, a potential for expanded marketing was realized, and Black Thunder was released for sale through a cooperative business association into more areas. During the 2004 to 2005 sales year, Black Thunder bars saw a sudden surge in popularity in the Kyushu region. During the summer of 2005, Black Thunder bars were distributed in more regions across the country. By the end of the year, over 900,000 units had been sold and Black Thunder bars were the best-selling product of the Yuraku Confectionery Company. In 2006, it was picked up by the Shiraishi-san Co-op and sold over the internet, and product sales received a boost as it gained in popularity among university students. In the first three years after sales commenced over the internet, about ten times the number of Black Thunder bars were sold since its inception eleven years earlier. In 2008, the Yuraku Confectionery company sponsored the Men's Gymnastics team at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. The team earned the Silver Medal, as did individual gymnast Kōhei Uchimura. After the 19-year-old gymnast actively endorsed the product in news media, brand recognition jumped considerably and from 2008 to 2009, total sales jumped from just under 50 million units to the landmark number of 100 million. By 2010, sales had reached 130 million units.
At present, Black Thunder bars are made in four factories located in Sapporo, Tokyo, Osaka, and the original factory in Toyohashi. From any of these, Black Thunder bars can be shipped to various convenience stores and discount stores across the country, and they are still distributed to all university student co-operatives in the Kanto area.
Nutritional information.
The following tables presents the nutritional information of a standard Black Thunder chocolate bar.
Variations.
Yuraku has produced a number of variations on the original Black Thunder bar, with different target demographics, or in collaboration with other commercial ventures. This section includes some of the more notable products by Yuraku. Other Black Thunder products may be available to a restricted market or for a limited time period.
Big Thunder.
In 2008, Yuraku decided to branch out with the product in an effort to appeal to a broader demographic. The "Big Thunder" candy bar was developed, which is about twice the length and width of the original bar, but about half the thickness. The main slogan can be translated to "Big satisfaction for the glutton!!" (くいしんぼうも大満足！！), though the package also bears the slogans "Deliciousness! Size! Double the lightning strike!" (おいしさ！大きさ！ダブルイナズマ！) and "The great rage of Raijin!"　(雷神大暴れ！).
Black Thunder Mini-bar.
Black Thunder was also put in the form of a "Mini-bar" in 2008. The mini-bars are about half the size and width of the regular size, and sold in packages. It was thought that the greater volume would appeal to cost-conscious families. While the regular Big Thunder bar is sold mainly in convenience stores, the target venue for the Mini-bars has been grocery stores.
Dear Girl Thunder.
In March 2009, in collaboration with the radio show "Dear Girl Stories with Hiroshi Kamiya and Daisuke Ono" and Nippon Cultural Broadcasting, the "Dear Girl Thunder" candy bar was developed. The flavor of the Dear Girl Thunder bar was advertised as "The Taste of First Love: Salt and Chocolate" (初恋の味・塩チョコ). In Japan, chocolate is associated with Valentine's Day and is considered an approriate gift between sweethearts; salty foods are considered "adult" and are thus associated with maturity. A person's "first love" is, like in other cultures, something of a rite of passage; an episode in life sweet in sentiment, but with maturing results. In July 2009, a limited edition of 480 units of the Dear Girl Thunder bar went on sale and quickly sold out. In October 2010, the Dear Girl Thunder bar went on sale in FamilyMart convenience stores (with the exception of the stores in one region). During 2010, consumers questioned why Black Thunder bars were not distributed to areas of Hokkaido, Miyazaki, Kagoshima, and Okinawa, and the company responded with research into the feasibility of nation-wide distribution. In January 2011, it was decided that a second edition of the Dear Girl Thunder bar would be distributed to Animate stores, a retailer that specializes in anime, manga, and video games. It would also be marketed on the mail order website of "Cho!A&G+", a branch of Nippon Cultural Broadcasting, Inc., that focuses on digital radio broadcasting. Both deals ensure that consumers across the country can purchase the Dear Girl Thunder bars.
"White Black Thunder".
In December 2010, Yuraku Confectionery Company introduced "White Black Thunder" bars, called "Shiroi Black Thunder" (白いブラックサンダー), for a limited run of six months. The cookie and rice puff core are the same as Black Thunder, but the outer chocolate coating is white. The package mentions "From Hokkaido", an area which has been associated with white chocolate since its introduction by the Rokkatei Confectionery, based in Obihiro, Hokkaido, in the 1970s. The advertising slogan can be translated as: "Straight descent into deliciousness!" (おいしさ直滑降), and uses a term distinctly related to the steep slopes of Alpine skiing. Within a short time, the White Thunder bar has proven to be quite popular, as demonstrated by the rapid depletion of stocks.
Morning Thunder.
In January 2011, the Morning Thunder bar was introduced (モーニングサンダー). Intended as a breakfast bar, the Morning Thunder contains a cinnamon-flavored cookie mixed with peanuts and soy bean puffs, fortified with extra protein, and coated in milk chocolate. The slogan on the front of the package states: "Protein and peanuts in a filling chocolate bar" (ブチプロテイン＆ピーナッツin満足系チョコバー). A limited run of twelve months is planned for the Morning Thunder bar.
Other products.
Various other products related to Black Thunder are or have been marketed by Yuraku for limited periods, including the "Chibi Thunder" ("Tiny Thunder"), Black Thunder Manjū, and Toyohashi Special Edition of Black Thunder Mini-bars.
Related Products.
In 2009, Yuraku collaborated with Royal Foods Company, which began making Black Thunder ice cream bars and Black Thunder Monaka (similar to an ice cream sandwich). Distribution is restricted to 7-Eleven stores.
In April 2010, it was announced that there would be a collaboration with Guacamole brand clothing designers. The result was a line of swimwear for men and women, and a selection of men's underwear. Most items sport black or gold lightning designs.
In 2011, a hardcover book was published about the history and various trivia related to Black Thunder bars. Released on February 9, 2011 to book stores and convenience stores, the title translates to "The Mystery of Black Thunder" ("謎のブラックサンダー").
Competitors.
Starting in 2000, a candy bar called "Golden Chop" (ゴールデンチョップ) appeared on the market containing similar ingredients as the Black Thunder, and the outer package presents similar colors, design, and font style. It uses the advertising slogan "Fit to be eaten at lightning speed".

</doc>
<doc id="30923916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30923916" title="Tiny Urban Kitchen">
Tiny Urban Kitchen

Tiny Urban Kitchen is a blog founded by Jen Che and presents her original recipes and photographs, local restaurant reviews, travel guides, and personal anecdotes. Che is a resident of Cambridge, Massachusetts and a graduate of Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Before starting Tiny Urban Kitchen, Che worked as a research chemist.
Tiny Urban Kitchen began in 2007 and has earned national recognition since its inception. On April 2, 2010, Che was interviewed for Glamour magazine’s daily health and fitness blog, Vitamin G. On April 29, 2010, Tiny Urban Kitchen was named “Best of Blogs” by Food News Journal. Most recently, Che was named the winner of Project Food Blog. Che was one of 700 food bloggers to undergo ten weeks of challenges, including preparing, hosting, and photographing a luxury dinner. As the winner of the $10,000 prize, Che will be donating the entire sum to charity.
Che has also been featured on wbur.org, Boston’s local NPR site, in "The Boston Globe", in "Time Magazine", and on CNN’s Eatocracy.
Food Blogs.
Food blogs have been increasing in popularity due to the ease of creating a blog. Based on the growing popularity of food blogs, on November 1, 2010, WordPress.com launched a food blog aggregator, FoodPress. FoodPress, whose tagline is "Serving up the hottest dishes on WordPress.com," selects posts from food blogs hosted by WordPress.com. The blog is updated daily. Other food blog aggregators include TasteSpotting, Feedyum, foodgawker, and feastie.
Food blogs are gaining increasing attention from both the national and international media, and have been covered in several articles in magazines and newspapers, including "Time Magazine" and "USA Today". Kate Hopkins, blogger and author of "99 Drams of Whiskey: The Accidental Hedonist's Quest for the Perfect Shot and the History of the Drink", contends, "Nearly all of these articles mention the passion behind these new food sites, but most have failed to notice the bigger picture: that a large community of individuals is writing about food in ways that the mainstream food media had forgone."

</doc>
<doc id="30923953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30923953" title="1992 Pacific Cup (rugby league)">
1992 Pacific Cup (rugby league)

The 1992 Pacific Cup was the sixth edition of the Pacific Cup, a rugby league tournament held between Pacific teams. The tournament was hosted by New Zealand and eventually won by Western Samoa, who defeated Tonga 18-14 in the final, after double extra time.
Squads.
Tournament team.
The Tournament team was: Paki Tuimavave (Samoa), Richie Barnett (Māori), Darrell Trindall (Aboriginies), Jimmy Vaikoso (Tonga), Sanisuni Wabi (Fiji), Darryl Beazley (Māori), John Lomax (Māori), Fred Sapata (Samoa), James Pickering (Fiji), Wayne Alberts (Aboriginies), Tony Tatupu (Samoa), Tony Tuimavave (Samoa). Bench: Will Robinson (Aboriginies), Paddy Tuimavave (Samoa), Dave Schaumkell (Tonga) and Jason Mackie (Māori).
Results.
Section 2.
An opening ceremony was held at Carlaw Park before the New Zealand Māori v Australian Aboriginies match. 
Finals.
Final.
The six teams that did not make the semi-finals played in a Nines tournament at Jack Colvin Park on the 29 October. The final was played as a curtain raiser to the Pacific Cup Final and won by Tokelau who defeated Fiji. 
The match went into double overtime after Tonga had led 12-4 after 55 minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="30923991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30923991" title="Home (Loretta Lynn album)">
Home (Loretta Lynn album)

Home is a 1975 country music album by Loretta Lynn recorded on MCA Records. The album's back cover features a photo of Lynn's famous home in Hurricane Mills, Tennessee (the second consecutive album with a back cover picturing the home) and a brief notice of Lynn's upcoming autobiography "Coal Miner's Daughter"". Several of the album's tracks are cover versions of recent hits, including "Wrong Road Again", the first major hit by Lynn's sister Crystal Gayle.

</doc>
<doc id="30924016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30924016" title="Diskcopy">
Diskcopy

In computing, Diskcopy is a command used on MS-DOS and PC DOS, OS/2, and Microsoft Windows for copying the complete contents of a diskette to another diskette.
Limitation.
Diskcopy does not work with hard drives, CDs, network drives, ZIP drives, or USB drives, etc. It also does not allow diskcopy from 3.5 inch drive to 5.25 inch drives, and vice versa. The source and target drive must be the same size.

</doc>
<doc id="30924019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30924019" title="Vanier Institute of the Family">
Vanier Institute of the Family

The Vanier Institute of the Family is an independent national research and educational nonprofit organization committed to the well-being of Canadian families.
The institute is a Canadian, family-oriented, charitable organization dedicated to promoting the well-being of Canadian families. It is an acknowledged leader on issues affecting families. It is an independent, national, bilingual, non-profit institute committed to promoting the well-being of Canadian families. The Institute was established in 1965 under the patronage of Their Excellencies Governor General Georges P. Vanier and Madame Pauline Vanier.

</doc>
<doc id="30924205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30924205" title="Frank Luce">
Frank Luce

Frank Edward Luce (December 6, 1896 – February 3, 1942) was an outfielder in Major League Baseball. He played for the Pittsburgh Pirates in 1923.

</doc>
<doc id="30924236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30924236" title="Assange v Swedish Prosecution Authority">
Assange v Swedish Prosecution Authority

Julian Assange v Swedish Prosecution Authority is the set of legal proceedings in the United Kingdom concerning the requested extradition of Julian Assange to Sweden to further a 'preliminary investigation' in to Swedish state-issued accusations of his having committed sexual offences.
Arrest warrant.
On 18 November 2010, the Stockholm District Court upheld an arrest warrant against Assange on suspicion of rape, unlawful coercion and three cases of sexual molestation. The warrant was appealed to the Svea Court of Appeal which upheld it but lowered it to suspicion of rape of a lesser degree, unlawful coercion and two cases of sexual molestation rather than three, and the warrant was also appealed to the Supreme Court of Sweden, which decided not to hear the case. At this time Assange had been living in the United Kingdom for 1–2 months. An extradition hearing took place in an English court in February 2011 to consider an application by Swedish authorities for the extradition of Assange to Sweden. The outcome of the hearing was announced on 24 February 2011, when the extradition warrant was upheld. Assange appealed to the High Court, and on 2 November 2011, the court upheld the extradition decision and rejected all four grounds for the appeal as presented by Assange's legal representatives. £19,000 costs was also awarded against Assange. On 5 December 2011, Assange was refused permission by the High Court to appeal to the Supreme Court. The High Court certified that his case raised a point of law of general public importance. The Supreme Court subsequently granted permission to appeal, and heard the appeal on 1 and 2 February 2012. The court reserved its judgment and dismissed the appeal on 30 May 2012. Assange has said the investigation is "without basis". He remained on conditional bail in the United Kingdom until on 19 June 2012 Assange sought refuge at Ecuador's Embassy in London and was granted temporary asylum. On 16 August 2012 he was granted full asylum by the Ecuadorian government.
Swedish investigation.
Complaints and initial investigation.
On 20 August 2010 two women brought complaints to the Swedish police regarding Julian Assange. The women involved were a 26-year-old in Enköping and a 31-year-old in Stockholm.
The next day, the case was transferred to Chefsåklagare (Chief Public Prosecutor) Eva Finné.
In answer to questions surrounding the incidents, the following day, Finné declared, "I don't think there is reason to suspect that he has committed rape." However, Karin Rosander from the Swedish Prosecution Authority, said Assange remained suspected of molestation. Police gave no further comment at that time, but continued the investigation.
After learning of the investigation, Assange said, "The charges are without basis and their issue at this moment is deeply disturbing."
The preliminary investigation concerning suspected rape was discontinued by Finné on 25 August, but two days later Claes Borgström, the attorney representing the two women, requested a review of the prosecutor's decision to terminate part of the investigation.
On 30 August, Assange was questioned by the Stockholm police regarding the allegations of sexual molestation. He denied the allegations, saying he had consensual sexual encounters with the two women.
Investigation reinstated.
On 1 September 2010, Överåklagare (Director of Public Prosecution) Marianne Ny decided to resume the preliminary investigation concerning all of the original allegations. On 18 August 2010, Assange had applied for a work and residence permit in Sweden. On 18 October 2010, his request was denied. He left Sweden on 27 September 2010. The Swedish authorities have asserted that this is the same day that they notified Assange's lawyer of his imminent arrest.
On 18 November 2010, the Stockholm District Court ordered Assange detained in absentia, on request by prosecutor Marianne Ny. As basis for the ruling, the court stated Julian Assange to be suspected on reasonable grounds to have committed rape ("), unlawful coercion ('), and three cases of ' — which has been variously translated as "", "sexual assault", "", "", "", "", and "".
As special reasons for the detention, the court named a risk of the suspect absconding or avoiding justice; that the penalty for the alleged crimes is at least two years imprisonment; and the lack of any obvious reason not to detain.
The decision was appealed by Assange on 22 November to the Svea Court of Appeal, which two days later upheld the warrant but lowered it to suspicion of rape of a lesser degree, unlawful coercion and two cases of sexual molestation rather than three. On 30 November Assange appealed to the Supreme Court of Sweden which decided not to consider a further appeal as no principle was at stake.
On 6 December 2010, Scotland Yard notified Assange that a valid European arrest warrant had been received.
Extradition process.
First instance proceedings.
Detention and bail.
Assange presented himself to the Metropolitan Police the next morning and was remanded to London's Wandsworth Prison. On 16 December, he was granted bail with bail conditions of residence at Ellingham Hall, Norfolk, and wearing of an electronic tag. Bail was set at £240,000 surety with a deposit of £200,000 ($312,700).
On release on bail, Assange said "I hope to continue my work and continue to protest my innocence in this matter," and told the BBC, "This has been a very successful smear campaign and a very wrong one." He claimed that the extradition proceedings to Sweden were "actually an attempt to get me into a jurisdiction which will then make it easier to extradite me to the US." Swedish prosecutors have denied the case has anything to do with WikiLeaks.
Extradition hearing.
The extradition hearing took place on 7–8 and 11 February 2011 before the City of Westminster Magistrates' Court sitting at Belmarsh Magistrates' Court in London. Assange's lawyers at the extradition hearing were Geoffrey Robertson QC and Mark Stephens, human rights specialists, and the prosecution was represented by a team led by Clare Montgomery QC. Arguments were presented as to whether the Swedish prosecutor had the authority to issue a European Arrest Warrant, the extradition was requested for prosecution or interrogation, the alleged crimes qualified as extradition crimes, there was an abuse of process, his human rights would be respected, and he would receive a fair trial if extradited to Sweden.
Extradition decision.
The outcome of the hearing was announced on 24 February 2011, when the extradition warrant was upheld. Senior District Judge Howard Riddle found against Assange on each of the main arguments against his extradition. The judge said "as a matter of fact, and looking at all the circumstances in the round, this person (Mr Assange) passes the threshold of being an accused person and is wanted for prosecution." Judge Riddle concluded: "I am satisfied that the specified offences are extradition offences."
Assange commented after the decision to extradite him, saying "It comes as no surprise but is nevertheless wrong. It comes as the result of a European arrest warrant system run amok."
Appeal to the High Court.
On 2 March 2011, Assange's lawyers lodged an appeal with the High Court challenging the decision to extradite him to Sweden. Assange remained on conditional bail. The appeal hearing took place on 12 and 13 July 2011 at the High Court in London. The judges' decision was reserved, and a written judgment was delivered on 2 November 2011, dismissing the appeal.
Appeal to the Supreme Court.
The High Court refused permission to appeal to the Supreme Court, but this was granted by the Supreme Court itself, after the High Court certified that a point of law of general public importance was involved in its decision.
The point of law certified was whether the wording "Judicial Authority" in the 2003 Extradition Act was to be interpreted as a “person who is competent to exercise judicial authority and that such competence requires impartiality and independence of both the executive and the parties” or if it “embraces a variety of bodies, some of which have the qualities of impartiality and independence …and some of which do not.”
The Supreme Court heard the appeal on 1 and 2 February 2012. The court reserved its judgment, and dismissed the appeal by a 5–2 majority on 30 May 2012.
The court granted Assange two weeks to make an application to reopen the appeal after his counsel argued the judgments of the majority relied on an interpretation of the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties that was not argued during the hearing. The application was rejected on 14 June, thereby exhausting Assange's legal options in the United Kingdom.
Barring any appeal to the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg, extradition was expected to take place over a ten-day period commencing on 28 June 2012.
Ecuador asylum request.
Since 19 June 2012, Assange has lived in the Embassy of Ecuador in London, where he asked for and was granted political asylum. Assange has claimed he would go to Sweden if provided with a diplomatic guarantee that he would not be turned over to the United States but the Swedish foreign ministry stated that Sweden's legislation does not allow any judicial decision like extradition to be predetermined.
Clarifications.
No charges exist.
Assange has not been charged with any offence.
Marianne Ny's statements.
The Swedish prosecutor Marianne Ny said that, in accordance with the Swedish legal system, charges can be laid only after extradition and a second round of questioning. In sworn written testimony which she submitted to the Westminster Magistrates' court for Assange's hearing, she stated: "Subject to any matters said by him, which undermine my present view that he should be indicted, an indictment will be launched with the court thereafter. It can therefore be seen that Assange is sought for the purpose of conducting criminal proceedings and that he is not sought merely to assist with our enquiries."
On the 1st of July 2014, the prosecutor Marianne Ny released a statement in Swedish in which she addressed the question of whether it is still necessary to put Assange in pre-trial custody in Sweden (known as "häkte".) She said that there are still grounds for wanting to put Assange in "häkte", as, according to her, there is sufficient cause to believe that he may have been responsible for the crimes that he is alleged to have committed. Additionally, he is viewed as a flight risk. 
She also reinterated her reasons for not wanting to interview Assange in London, which she had expressed in an earlier statement. According to her, it is vital that Assange be available in Sweden in case the police investigation results in a trial, and in case he is found to be guilty and receives a sentence. Also, Assange's unwillingness to allow himself to be extradited cannot be viewed as a reason for the prosecutor to change her mind about putting him in "häkte", she explained. 
She also addressed the question of whether Assange has been deprived of his freedom for a disproportionate length of time. According to the prosecutor, it was his own decision to question the validity of the European arrest warrent that caused delays. Extradition would happened quickly if it had not been contested. It is her view that Assange cannot be regarded as being currently deprived of his freedom as he is out of the reach of the British police and is in the Ecuadorean Embassy of his own free will. He cannot also be viewed as being deprived of his freedom when he was out on bail to the extent that it could be seen as disproportionate or the equivalent of being in "häkte". The only period during which Assange has been deprived of his freedom to this extent, according to Marianne Ny, is the period of the 7-16 December 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="30924427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30924427" title="South Park Cricket Club">
South Park Cricket Club

South Park Cricket Club (SPCC) joined Carolina Cricket League in year 2010. Before that SPCC was a member of Mid Atlantic Cricket Conference (MACC) from 2004 to 2009. Since its inception, SPCC has been striving continuously and incessantly to promote the game of cricket not just locally, but in and around the Piedmont land area itself. The management and the team, strongly backed by its advisers is involved in actively touring cricket clubs, in and around the Carolinas, participating in tournaments and friendly matches aimed at promoting awareness in the general, about the game of cricket.
Over the last few years, SPCC as a team has made tremendous improvements in all areas of the game and was able to produce very competitive games in the conference. SPCC had a fruitful cricketing season last year in 2013 and are looking forward to better performances, ratings and standing in the league this season in 2014.
SPCC is based in Charlotte, North Carolina and its home ground is located at the KilBorne Park, Charlotte NC. SPCC currently has over 16+ members in the club and encourages new players to join. In year 2011 SPCC announced their new team named "SPCC RED" and old team now known as "SPCC Blue". In the season 2011 in CCL, SPCC Blue till now reached into Semi finals and they will play their match against PACC (Pakistan Association Cricket Club) on coming Sunday 9th Oct 2011. SPCC Club other team SPCC RED managed to reach into play-off in very first time on their debut after thrilling won against CLCC and KECC (2 times) in the league match, but they lost against PACC in their quarter-final match and end their journey in the CCL 2011 with great and wonderful show up during the entire season by all members. SPCC Blue became champions in year 2011 after crushing CLCC in the finals at Reedy Creek Park venue. In 2012, SPCC both teams "REDS" and "BLUE" loss in semi finals in DIV 2 and 1 respectively, but SPCC REDS manage to qualify for DIV 1 after stands in number 2 position in DIV2 group in year 2012. In year 2013 both SPCC teams played in DIV 1 but only BLUE reach to playoffs and finally lost match against HPCC in final and HPCC became champions for year 2013 in CCL. Because of many good players moved out of Charlotte, SPCC lost many players and decided to play with only 1 team in year 2014 named "SPCC".
Every year SPCC also participates in 'Festival of India' in Charlotte NC.
External links.
SPCC website: http://www.southparkcc.org/

</doc>
<doc id="30924442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30924442" title="Sebastián Suárez">
Sebastián Suárez

Sebastián Suárez (born February 19, 1978 in Montevideo, Uruguay) is a Uruguayan footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="30924490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30924490" title="Chestnut Street Theatre">
Chestnut Street Theatre

The Chestnut Street Theatre in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania was the first theater in the United States built by entrepreneurs solely as a venue for paying audiences.
The New Theatre (First Chestnut Street Theatre).
The Chestnut Street Theatre (originally named the New Theatre) was the brainchild of Thomas Wignell and Alexander Reinagle who in 1791 convinced a group of Philadelphia investors to build a theater suitable for Wignell’s company to perform in. Wignell had not yet formed his company when the New Theatre was being set up to be built, but as the New Theater was being built, Wignell was in England recruiting actors to be a part of his company. The New Theater's design, modeled after the Theatre Royal, Bath, was made possible by John Inigo Richards, Wignell's brother-in-law, who obtained architect Thomas Greenway’s original plans. The New Theatre was built on Chestnut Street near the corner of Sixth Street across from Congress Hall. $30,000 was raised for the construction of the building and the finale touches were not completed until 1805 under architect Benjamin Henry Latrobe. The stage ran with a depth of seventy-one feet and had a width of thirty feet. The three tiers of boxes could hold nine hundred people; the theatre itself was able to hold an audience of two thousand. There were multiple dressing rooms, two green rooms, and for the first time in America a large well-stocked wardrobe. There were two different entrances from the street for the theatre patrons, those going to the pit and those headed to the boxes. The entryway to the pit was only eighteen inches wide, a death trap in the event of a fire. Like English theatres the New Theatre on Chestnut Street had all the essentials. A proscenium with proscenium doors in the proscenium walls with a balcony overhead. Not long after its construction the New Theatre was often referred to as one of the Seven Wonders of America. A yellow fever epidemic spoiled the theater’s debut in 1793, and its first regular season did not begin until the following year when the inaugural night’s entertainment offered a double feature, John O'Keeffe's "Castle of Andalusia" and Hannah Cowley's "Who's the Dupe?" Over the following twenty-seven years the theater would become a showcase for works by local and national dramatist of the day. In 1816 the New Theatre became the first American theater to be illuminated by gas fixtures rather than candlelight or oil lamps. Four years later a suspicious fire destroyed the theater along with its library, music, scenery and costumes. The cause of the fire remained a mystery since the building had been vacant for several days while the company was engaged in Baltimore.
Second Chestnut Street Theatre.
Two years later, the second Chestnut Street Theatre rose from the ashes of the first. It was built in the customary design of the day by architect William Strickland with triple tiers of boxes making a horseshoe around the orchestra and apron of the stage that accommodated about 2,000 theatergoers. The façade was made of Italian-style marble with an arcade supported by a row of composite columns with a plain entablature. The entrance stood between two wings whose niches held statues of Tragedy and Comedy by William Rush. Below the statues were semi-circular recesses containing basso relievos of tragic and comic muses. The Chestnut Street Theatre was once again consumed in a fire in 1856 and would not see another curtain rise for six years.
Third Chestnut Street Theatre.
The third Chestnut Street Theatre was built in 1862, seven blocks to the west of its original location, where once again it found favor with Philadelphia audiences as a fashionable night spot.
It closed its doors for the last time in 1913 after the curtain fell on the final act of Sir Arthur Wing Pinero's "The Second Mrs. Tanqueray", and the building was demolished soon afterwards.>

</doc>
<doc id="30924523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30924523" title="Jack Tising">
Jack Tising

Johnnie Joseph Tising (October 9, 1903 – September 5, 1967) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball. He played for the Pittsburgh Pirates in 1936.

</doc>
<doc id="30924535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30924535" title="Kristian Østby">
Kristian Østby

Kristian August Østby (29 January 1900 – 11 June 1981) was a Norwegian naval aviator. 
Early years.
Østby attended the Norwegian Naval Flying School from 1924, graduating in 1925. He soon became an instructor, then test pilot at Marinens Flyvebaatfabrikk.
Military career.
World War II.
The Marinens Flyvebaatfabrikk M.F.12 (sometimes known as the Høver M.F.12, after its designer) was a seaplane built in Norway in 1939 as a military trainer aircraft to replace the Royal Norwegian Navy Air Service's aging fleet of M.F.8 trainers.In 1939, Østby was the factory's control officer and also responsible for introducing the Heinkel He 115 torpedo bombers ordered by the RNNAS.
With Captain Birger Motzfeldt of the Norwegian Army Air Service, Østby was instrumental in the purchase of aircraft from the United States just prior to the German invasion of Norway in 1940. Norway had recognised that the equipment of its armed forces was obsolete, and sent a purchasing commission to the United States in February 1940, including a Royal Norwegian Navy Air Service contingent headed by Cmdr. Østby. Amongst the requirements the commission hoped to fill was to replace the Royal Norwegian Navy Air Service's M.F.11 biplane patrol aircraft. 
After visits to many of the aviation companies, Østby determined that only one manufacturer had both a design, company designation Model 8-A and available production capacity, Northrop Aircraft Incorporated. The commission ordered 24 floatplanes renamed the Northrop N-3PB "off the drawing board" (literally, the aircraft being ordered prior to the type having flown) from Northrop on 8 March 1940, at a total cost of to meet this requirement.Østby remained at Northrop as the head of the Norwegian acceptance team of 12 technical staff and flight crews who worked closely with design and production personnel at the plant. He supervised all the final fitting of equipment and participated in the flight testing of the N-3PDs at Lake Elsinore, California. 
When the final N-3PD production run was completed in March 1941, Østby was appointed air attaché to the Norwegian embassy in Washington. After arriving in the United Kingdom, the Norwegian government-in-exile began the process of setting up a new base of operations. A decision was swiftly made to keep the existing Norwegian pilots that had escaped to the United Kingdom, as an independent unit, consequently, none were allowed to participate in the Battle of Britain. Østby worked with Bernt Balchen, a Norwegian aviator, who enlisted with the Royal Norwegian Air Force and had come to the United States on a crucial mission to negotiate "matters pertaining to aircraft ordnance and ammunition with the question of the Norwegian government's possible purchase of such materials in the United States of America." 
The Norwegian Government-in-exile in London changed to a new directive: to set up a training camp and school for expatriate Norwegian airmen and soldiers in Canada and Østby was one of the principal "architects" of the training program, helping to negotiate with Canadian government officials to obtain an agreement to use available airport facilities in Canada. Arrangements were made to transfer Norwegian pilots to a North American headquarters while various locations were considered, a base around the Toronto Island Airport in Canada was chosen. Once the base known as "Little Norway" was established, young Norwegians migrated to the site to enroll in the RNoAF in Canada.
Postwar.
After the war Østby served in the Royal Norwegian Air Force in several technical positions, among others as director of Horten flyfabrikk and Kjeller Flyfabrikk. Østby retired from the Royal Norwegian Air Force in 1963 as a colonel.

</doc>
<doc id="30924538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30924538" title="Decoder (album)">
Decoder (album)

Decoder is the self-titled debut album by post-hardcore band Decoder, before they had their name changed to Lead Hands. It was released on January 17, 2011 and is the only release by the band aside from the standalone "Dreamwalker" demo song that the group released prior.
After this album, members Spencer Pearson and Bryce Sypes would leave and the band changed their name to Lead Hands in 2012, eventually breaking up later that year.

</doc>
<doc id="30924540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30924540" title="Hugo Kortschak">
Hugo Kortschak

Hugo Kortschak (28 February 1884 Graz, Austria – 19 September 1957), was an Austrian-born American violinist who was a member of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra from 1907 until 1914 (serving as assistant concertmaster from 1910 until 1914), founding member of the Berkshire String Quartet, and Dean of Music at Yale University.
The Berkshire String Quartet was founded when music patroness Elizabeth Sprague Coolidge persuaded Kortschak to move his quartet from Chicago to Pittsfield, Massachusetts, where its members could focus exclusively on chamber music. In his youth Kortschak was a member of the Pozniak-Trio founded by the Polish Pianist Bronislaw Pozniak (de).
Kortschak was an owner of several fine violins, including:
Kortschak was a key figure in organizing the Berkshire Chamber Music Festival founded by Coolidge. The original Berkshire String Quartet disbanded sometime after 1941.
Honors.
Kortschak is a recipient of the Elizabeth Sprague Coolidge Medal for "eminent services to chamber music."

</doc>
<doc id="30924570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30924570" title="Jero Miñarro">
Jero Miñarro

Jerónimo Miñarro Navarro (born 19 September 1977), aka Jero, is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central defender.
Football career.
Born in Lorca, Region of Murcia, Jero began his senior career with Valencia CF's reserves at the age of 19, never appearing officially for the first team. Subsequently he moved to Segunda División and joined Rayo Vallecano, only playing twice during the season as the Madrid club promoted to La Liga.
In July 1999 Jero joined Superleague Greece club Panachaiki FC, being first-choice during the campaign and scoring three goals as the team narrowly avoided relegation. He returned to his country the following season, appearing in only 19 second division games over the course of three seasons combined, and being relegated with two of the three teams he represented in the category, Getafe CF and Burgos CF.
Jero's last appearance in the second level would be in 2002–03 with UD Almería (no games played). Until his retirement in June 2010 at nearly 33, he played exclusively in the lower leagues, captaining Lorca Deportiva CF in his final season. Subsequently, he joined the technical staff of Segunda División B club AD Cerro de Reyes.
International career.
Jero played for Spain at various youth levels. He participated with the under-20s at the 1997 FIFA World Youth Championship in Malaysia, featuring in one match for the eventual quarterfinalists.

</doc>
<doc id="30924591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30924591" title="Alvan Lafargue">
Alvan Lafargue

Alvan Henry Lafargue, Sr. (October 14, 1883 – February 11, 1962), was a Louisiana physician, politician, and civic leader. His medical practice exceeded fifty years. He served for twelve years as the mayor of his adopted city of Sulphur in Calcasieu Parish in the southwestern portion of the state.
Early years.
Lafargue was born in Marksville, the seat of Avoyelles Parish in south central Louisiana, to Adolphe Jolna Lafargue, a state court judge, and the former Annie Winn Irion, the judge's first wife. When she died, the judge married Emma, her sister. Alvan Lafargue's maternal grandfather was U.S. Representative A. B. Irion of Eola in Avoyelles Parish. In 1843, Lafargue's paternal grandfather founded the "Marksville Weekly News", which claims to be the oldest still publishing weekly newspaper in the state of Louisiana. Lafargue's father, Judge Lafargue, continued to publish the newspaper. Lafargue's brother, Walter Strong Lafargue, was the superintendent of schools in Lafourche Parish.
Lafargue was educated in the Avoyelles Parish schools, Louisiana State University, the Tulane University Medical School, and the Memphis Hospital Medical School, since the University of Tennessee Medical Center, from which he graduated in 1910. He married the former Florestine Richard of Baldwin in St. Mary Parish, Louisiana, daughter of Arthur Richard, a sugar planter, and the former Blanche Dumesnil. The couple had four children, Alvan, Jr. (1913–1994), Myron J. Lafargue (1914–1973), Irene (1917–1969), and Prudence (1924–2009).
Medical practice.
Lafargue practiced medicine in Cheneyville, Baldwin, Franklin, and, finally, Sulphur, where he located in 1915. In Baldwin, as the physician for a sawmill, he treated accident victims and often performed operations and amputations with whisky as the only available anesthesia. Lafargue opened his office in the Paragon Drug Store in Sulphur. He covered an area of some twenty-five miles by horseback, buggy, and later, a Model T Ford. 
In Lake Charles, Lafargue was the Calcasieu Parish health officer from 1934-1938. He thereafter served as the Sulphur municipal health officer. He was a director of the Lake Charles Charity Hospital (now known as Moss Regional) and was on the staff of St. Patrick and Memorial hospitals as well. He was instrumental in building the West Calcasieu-Cameron Hospital in Sulphur, of which he served as the first president. He was the physician of the Southern Pacific Railroad. In 1960, he was honored by the Louisiana Medical Society in Baton Rouge for fifty years of medical service, A memorial light was placed on the Sulphur water tower to recognize his delivery of five thousand babies. At the ceremony, Lafargue said, "Fifty years of being a doctor adds up into lots of buggy trips on cold nights and hot days, long hours of waiting for babies to be born, tears, laughter, and a heap of satisfaction."
Political and civic matters.
An active Democrat, Lafargue was the mayor of Sulphur from 1926 to 1932, during which time he initiated many municipal improvements. The town was in debt, and he made so many visits to a bank in Lake Charles that people there thought he worked at the bank. In time, Sulphur was put in the financial black column.
A Roman Catholic, Lafargue was a member of the men's organization, the Knights of Columbus. He was active in Rotary International and Woodmen of the World. In 1925, Dr. Lafargue founded the Calcasieu-Cameron bi-parish fair and served many years afterwards as president of the organization. He developed the Businessmen's Club of Sulphur, which later became West Calcasieu Association of Commerce. He won the Silver Beaver award from the Boy Scouts of America. He was also a director of the American Red Cross. He was president of the Gulf Beach Highway Association, which promoted the construction of U.S. Highway 27. He was vice-president of the Louisiana Division of the Old Spanish Trail Association, which lobbied for the extension of U.S. Highway 90 from the Atlantic to the Pacific coasts. 
Lafargue died in Sulphur at the age of seventy-nine. He is interred at Orange Grove Cemetery in Lake Charles. Dr. Lafargue once said that his great accomplishment was having never turned away a patient in need.

</doc>
<doc id="30924691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30924691" title="Timor-Leste Petroleum Fund">
Timor-Leste Petroleum Fund

The Timor-Leste Petroleum Fund () is a sovereign wealth fund into which the surplus wealth produced by East Timor petroleum and gas income is deposited by the East Timorese government.
The fund was established in 2005 with an opening balance of $205 million. As of 31 December 2010, the capital of the fund was US$6.9 billion.
Earnings of the fund were around 4% for the last 5 years, as of July 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="30924701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30924701" title="Myths and Other Legends">
Myths and Other Legends

Myths and Other Legends is an album of music from Reeltime Pictures series of "Myth Makers" documentary videos on the BBC television series "Doctor Who". First released on LP by Metro Music in 1990 and in an expanded format on CD by Silva Screen Records in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="30924724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30924724" title="Hugh Cleghorn (colonial administrator)">
Hugh Cleghorn (colonial administrator)

Sir Hugh Cleghorn (1752-1837) was the first colonial secretary to Ceylon. He was key in the takeover of Ceylon from Dutch control to the British Empire. In 1795 Cleghorn used his friendship with Comte Charles-Daniel de Meuron who was in charge of a Swiss Regiment, Regiment de Meuron, that controlled Ceylon for the Dutch to transfer control to the English. His son Hugh Francis Clarke Cleghorn was instrumental in the foundation of the forest department and forest conservation in India.

</doc>
<doc id="30924735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30924735" title="Nagarjuna G.">
Nagarjuna G.

Nagarjuna G. (Nagarjuna Gadiraju) works in the Homi Bhabha Centre for Science Education, Tata Institute of Fundamental Research in Mumbai, India. His major research interests include Science Education, Cognitive Science, History and Philosophy of Science and Structure and Dynamics of Knowledge. As an activist he focuses on promoting free knowledge and free
software and serves as the chairperson of Free Software Foundation of India.
Biography.
Nagarjuna was born in 1960 at Nagarjuna Sagar, in Andhra Pradesh, India.
Education.
Nagarjuna did M.Sc. in Biology and M.A. in Philosophy from
Delhi University, and Ph.D. in Philosophy of Science from IIT Kanpur.
Work.
Some of his areas of interest are semantic web, knowledge organization, AI, philosophy of science, biological roots of
knowledge and modelling complex systems with specific interest in cognitive development. He is the author of a specification and
implementation of a distributed knowledge base called GNOWSYS. He is an architect of gnowledge.org, a community portal, which was launched on 2 February 2007. He contributed as a core developer and architect of SELF Platform. He is currently guiding three research scholars in the area of science education at HBCSE, TIFR. 
Free Software Foundation.
Nagarjuna is an active member of the Free Software Foundation in India. 
He is one of the speakers for the FSF. 
He is a founding member, current chairperson and the member of the board of directors for the Free Software Foundation of India.
History and Philosophy of Science.
Nagarjuna has interest in History and Philosophy of Science. He has created an illustrated exhibition on History of Science at Homi Bhabha Centre for Science Education.
He also teaches graduate courses in History and Philosophy of Science at Homi Bhabha Centre for science Education and Centre for Excellence in Basic Sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="30924749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30924749" title="Bucephaloidea">
Bucephaloidea

The Bucephaloidea are a superfamily of trematode flatworms, belonging to the large group Digenea. They contain numerous endoparasites of mollusks and fish. The name "Bucephalus" meaning "ox head" was originally applied to the genus "Bucephalus" because of the horn-like appearance of the forked tail (furcae) of its cercaria larva. By what Manter calls a "curious circumstance", horns are also suggested by the long tentacles of adult worms. 
Most trematodes have several distinct developmental stages. The motile cercaria larva is released by the first intermediate host, typically a snail, and parasitizes a second intermediate host, where it encysts into a metacercaria. Finally, the adult flatworm typically inhabits the alimentary system or other body cavity of a fish. 
Their direct child taxa are the Family Bucephalidae and the Family Nuitrematidae. 
Family Bucephalidae.
Bucephalids are trematode parasites of fish, whose intermediate hosts include mollusks and at least one amphibian. One characteristic feature is an anterior rhyncus or holdfast that is separate from the digestive system. They also differ from other digeneans in the configuration of the digestive systems and genitalia.
Family Nuitrematidae.
This family was described in 1975 by Kurochkin. It has many features similar to the bucephalids, but the body is sharply subdivided in two parts. 

</doc>
<doc id="30924763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30924763" title="HyperCast">
HyperCast

HyperCast is an overlay middleware, implemented in JAVA, for application-level overlay networks. Network applications can use HyperCast to build an overlay network on top of underlying networks, such as the Internet, without changing Internet routing or switching infrastructure. HyperCast supports multiple overlay topologies, node discovery algorithms, routing schemes, multicast models, etc. It is designed with simple interfaces between the application and overlay functions allowing developers to quickly create network applications without much knowledge of internal details of application-layer overlay networks.
Overlay Socket.
HyperCast introduces the concept of overlay sockets as endpoints of communication, i.e. a node, in an overlay network. A HyperCast overlay network is simply viewed as a collection of overlay sockets. Each overlay socket has a logical address and a physical address. The logical address is a unique address that identiﬁes the node in the overlay network as well as to route overlay messages among overlay sockets. The physical address of the overlay socket speciﬁes an address in the underlying network where an overlay socket can send and receive messages.
Data Delivery.
HyperCast provides a best-eﬀort communication service (unreliable, unordered, possible duplication) for application messages, which are referred to as overlay messages.

</doc>
<doc id="30924777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30924777" title="Michael Slackman">
Michael Slackman

Michael Slackman is an American journalist for "The New York Times". He is the paper's Deputy Foreign Editor. He reported being fired upon at Bahrain's Pearl Roundabout, February 18, 2011.
Life.
He graduated from Northeastern University.
He was the Cairo Bureau Chief, for the "Los Angeles Times", and the Moscow Bureau Chief for "Newsday".
He was the "The New York Times" Berlin bureau chief from June 2009 to June 2010 and the Cairo bureau chief from 2002 to 2009. 
He won a 1997 National Award for Education Reporting.
"Newsday" won the 1997 Pulitzer Prize for Spot News Reporting, for its coverage of TWA Flight 800, and Slackman was part of the team.

</doc>
<doc id="30924781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30924781" title="Cochranites">
Cochranites

Cochranites may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30924824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30924824" title="Drumin Castle">
Drumin Castle

Drumin Castle is a ruined tower house near Glenlivet, Moray, Scotland. The castle is situated on a ridge above the junction of the Livet and Avon Rivers.
History.
The lands were granted by King Robert II to his son Alexander Stewart in the early 1370s. It passed from the Stewart family to the Gordon family in 1490. The castle was abandoned in the 18th century and fell into disrepair.

</doc>
<doc id="30924884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30924884" title="John Paterson (NT, Australia)">
John Paterson (NT, Australia)

John Paterson is an Aboriginal leader and advocate. He was born in Darwin on 12 August 1958. His grandmother's people are the Ngalakan, whose traditional country is near Ngukurr on the Roper River in south east Arnhem land.
Current appointment.
Since June 2006, John Paterson has been the Executive Officer of the Aboriginal Medical Services Alliance Northern Territory (AMSANT).
He is currently Chairperson for NACCHO eHEG (eHealth Expert Group) that advises government on national eHealth issues pertaining to the Aboriginal Community Controlled sector.
John is also a member of the Northern Territory Aboriginal Health Forum. 
Given his passion and love for Australian Rules Football, he was elected President of the Darwin Buffaloes Football Club two years ago.
Education and advocacy.
John has represented ATSIC at the United Nations Working Group of Indigenous Populations in Geneva, and at Indigenous economic conferences in Canada.
In 1992 he graduated from Edith Cowan University with a Bachelor of Social Science (Human Services) and has completed leadership courses with the Australian Rural Leadership Program.
Personal interests.
John was awarded the 2013 Top End NAIDOC 'Lifetime Achievement' award.
John played 213 games of AFL for the Darwin Football Club (the mighty ‘Buffaloes’) and captained their NTFL Premiership team in 1980. He was twice selected for the NT News “Team of the Year” and is a Life Member of the NTFL and the Darwin Football Club.
Nowadays, John tends to spend time with his wife and family, including six children and fourteen grandchildren, or to do some gardening, gentle walking or playing golf.
John is also frequently discussing Aboriginal affairs with his friends and contacts, and spending time encouraging young people to excel in their studies and their work. He believes the mentoring and coaching of young people is central to the development of Aboriginal people and their communities.

</doc>
<doc id="30924976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30924976" title="Josip Gjergja">
Josip Gjergja

Josip Gjergja (alternatively Đerđa, Djerdja or Giergia; born 24 November 1937), also credited as Giuseppe Giergia, is a retired Croatian basketball player. He was nominated for the Euroleague's 50 greatest contributors list in 2008.
Born in Zadar to an Arbanasi family, hence the variously transcribed name, this 1.76 m tall point guard wore KK Zadar's jersey for 18 consecutive seasons, thus becoming one of the club's legends alongside Krešimir Ćosić. A three times Yugoslav Basketball League title winner from 1965 to 1968 and another two back to back ones in 1974 and 1975, he also lifted the national cup in 1970.
Pino (as he is commonly referred to) was also a member of the Yugoslav national team, winning two World Championship silver medals in 1963 and 1967 as well as a Eurobasket silver medal in 1965. He also participated in two Olympic games in 1960 and 1964.
Following a coaching career after his retirement, he led the Croatian national team to the World Championship bronze medal in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="30925049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30925049" title="Dappen glass">
Dappen glass

A dappen glass (also called Dappen Dish) is a small, dense glass or ceramic vessel which has each end ground or hollowed out to provide a bowl for mixing substances. Generally these dishes have ten equal walls (decagon) with a large bowl on one side and a smaller bowl ground out on the other. Dappen glasses are most commonly used in dentistry, as vessels for mixing dental medicaments or fillings, though they have also come to be used by artists (for mixing inks or paints), the cosmetics/beauty industry for holding small quantities of nail polishes or dyes, and chemistry labs. The term "Dappen Glass" is sometimes mistakenly applied to any dish that has two or more concave surfaces that is used for storing or mixing substances.

</doc>
<doc id="30925104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30925104" title="Wyoming Highway 332">
Wyoming Highway 332

Wyoming Highway 332 is a north-south Wyoming State Road in central Sheridan County.
Route description.
Wyoming Highway 332 begins its southern end just south of Sheridan at an intersection with U.S. Route 87 and the northern terminus of Wyoming Highway 335. WYO 332 heads north, named "Big Horn Avenue", and roughly parallels US 87 on it way into Sheridan. Passing east of the Sheridan County Airport, WYO 332 intersects the western terminus of Wyoming Highway 334 (E. Brundage Ln.) at 3.8 miles before intersecting the eastern terminus of Wyoming Highway 333 (Airport Rd.) at just over 4 miles which provides access to the airport. One mile north, WYO 332 turns east for one block onto "W. College Avenue" and then turns north onto "S. Main Street" to finish its routing. Highway 332 reaches its northern terminus at an intersection with I-90 BUS/US 14 BUS/US 87 BUS.

</doc>
<doc id="30925113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30925113" title="Altamont Lamina">
Altamont Lamina

Altamont Lamina (February 6, 1895 - September 12, 1950) was a British/American spy during World Wars One and Two. During the wars he was often known and feared as "The Silent Blade".
Early Life and Family.
Altamont William Lamina was born in London, England on February 6, 1895. Lamina is the great grandson of Sebastian Lamina (c. 1755-1810; born Sebastian Westorf). Sebastian Lamina, in 1770, moved to New York with his family. During the American Revolution, Sebastian worked as an American spy. After the war, he moved back to Britain. He changed his name from Westorf to Lamina, which is Latin for "the blade".
Most of Altamont's early life is unknown, but it is generally assumed he had been an exceptional student. Lamina became interested in the life of his great-grandfather, Sebastian, and, in 1916, entered into the British Secret Intelligence Service (MI6).
World War I.
He was 21 years old when he entered the SIS, and was assigned to spy on German and Austro-Hungarian dealings during World War I. He was given this task at such a young age because he showed above-average skills in sneaking, spying, and assassinating than most others. He would often tinker and build his own weapons. During the war, he had been on an estimated 20 missions and had not failed any. In 1921, Lamina went into hiding for unknown reasons until 1940.
World War II.
In 1940 Lamina resurfaced in Manhattan, New York. Once the United States entered World War after the Japanese attack at Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, Lamina entered into the OSS by recommendation from the British government. He attempted to infiltrate Abwehr, and was able to retrieve information on the German development of the Atomic bomb.
Death.
On September 12, 1950, Altamont Lamina died under unknown circumstances at age 55.

</doc>
<doc id="30925126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30925126" title="Jeremy Hefner">
Jeremy Hefner

Jeremy Scott Hefner (born March 11, 1986) is an American professional baseball pitcher who is currently in the New York Mets organization.
High School and College.
Hefner attended Perkins-Tryon High School. He was a first-team all-state selection as a senior. He also lettered in football.
Hefner attended Seminole State College for two years before transferring to Oral Roberts University. In his freshman year, he was 5–4 with a 4.03 ERA and 47 strikeouts in 46 innings. In his sophomore year, he was 4–1 with a 4.25 ERA and 49 Ks in 36 innings pitched.
Professional career.
He was drafted by the New York Mets in the 46th round of the 2004 Major League Baseball Draft, however he opted not to sign. He was next drafted by the Mets in the 48th round of the 2005 Major League Baseball Draft, however again he did not sign.
San Diego Padres.
He did sign after being drafted in the fifth round of the 2007 Major League Baseball Draft by the San Diego Padres, beginning his professional career that year.
Pitching for the Eugene Emeralds in 2007, Hefner went 2–5 with a 3.90 ERA in 17 games (11 starts), striking out 74 batters in 62 1/3 innings. In 2008, he pitched for the Fort Wayne Wizards and Lake Elsinore Storm, going a combined 10–5 with a 3.34 ERA in 30 games (25 starts), striking out 150 batters in 145 1/3 innings. He pitched for the Storm and Portland Beavers in 2009, going 14–9 with a 4.10 ERA in 28 starts. With the Beavers again in 2010, he went 11–8 with a 2.95 ERA in 28 starts.
Pittsburgh Pirates.
On November 18, 2011, Hefner was claimed off waivers by the Pittsburgh Pirates. The Pirates designated him for assignment on December 9. Three days later he was claimed off waivers by the New York Mets.
New York Mets.
On April 23, 2012, Hefner was called up to the Mets roster to fill in for Ronny Cedeño, who was placed on the disabled list with a strained left intercostal muscle. He pitched three scoreless innings, allowing three hits and one walk. He was sent down to Buffalo after the game, which the Mets lost to the San Francisco Giants, 6–1. Hefner recorded his first career loss against the Toronto Blue Jays on May 19, 2012, after pitching five innings of relief.
On May 24, Hefner made his first MLB start against the San Diego Padres. Then on May 30, Hefner recorded his first big-league win against the Philadelphia Phillies, which also included his first hit, a home run. He was the first pitcher to homer and get his first big-league win in the same game since Dennis Tankersley did it on May 26, 2002. He was also the first Mets pitcher to get his first win and homer on the same day.
On July 4, 2012, Hefner was optioned to Triple-A Buffalo. However, he was called back on July 21 after an injury to Johan Santana. On August 26, Hefner pitched his first game since returning from paternity leave for the birth of his second child. Although he got a no-decision, Hefner pitched the best game of his rookie season, by going eight innings and only surrendering one run on five hits.
On Sept. 26, 2012, Hefner was the winning pitcher on the same night that David Wright broke the Mets' all-time hits record.
On August 28, 2013, Hefner underwent Tommy John Surgery. Asked if he plans on a late 2014 return, Hefner stated, “That’s my goal, that’s my hope.” 
After the 2013 season, Hefner was non-tendered by the Mets, making him a free agent.However, he was re-signed to a one year contract in December, prior to the start of the 2014 season.
Pitching style.
Hefner throws five pitches. He leads with a four-seam fastball around 89–91 mph. He also throws a two-seam fastball (89–91), a slider (86–89), a curveball (74–77), and a changeup (83–85). Right-handed hitters see a higher number of sliders, but he mixes all of his pitches against right-handed and left-handed hitters. Hefner's pitches have below-average whiff rates, reflected in only 18 strikeouts in his first 32 innings of work. However, he has also shown excellent control, walking only four batters in that span.
Personal life.
Hefner is married to Sarah Grace Hefner, a personal trainer. They have two children; a son, Jace (born in 2010) and a daughter, Jaylee (born in 2012). Jeremy plays golf recreationally.

</doc>
<doc id="30925131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30925131" title="1994 Pacific Cup">
1994 Pacific Cup

The 1994 Pacific Cup was the seventh edition of the Pacific Cup, a rugby league tournament held between Pacific teams. The tournament was hosted by Fiji and eventually won by Tonga, who defeated the hosts 34 - 11 in the final.
Squads.
Before the tournament began both Papua New Guinea and Tokelau pulled out due to lack of funds.

</doc>
<doc id="30925142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30925142" title="Gaebelein">
Gaebelein

Gaebelein may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30925143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30925143" title="Just a Woman">
Just a Woman

Just a Woman is a country music album recorded by Loretta Lynn and released on MCA Records in 1985. The album was co-produced by Jimmy Bowen and Lynn, her first time as co-producer. This was her only album produced by Bowen and only the second album of her career not produced by Owen Bradley.
The album featured three single releases, "Heart Don't Do This To Me", which was a top 20 country success for Lynn, and "Wouldn't it Be Great" and "Just a Woman".
Her song, "Wouldn't It Be Great" would later appear on the album "Honky Tonk Angels" with Dolly Parton and Tammy Wynette. 

</doc>
<doc id="30925153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30925153" title="Simon Perry">
Simon Perry

Simon Perry is a British sculptor and academic, based in Melbourne, Australia. Best known for his large-scale public art works for urban spaces in Australia and overseas, Perry’s practice incorporates numerous sculptural techniques including casting, carving and fabrication. His works have been created in bronze, concrete, granite, steel, aluminium, wood and stone. Perry's commissioned pieces are predominantly site-specific, and often address elements of environment and public space with a gentle humour.
Early Life and Education.
From the age of seven Perry was regularly taken to the British Museum where he developed an interest in Assyrian and Egyptian sculpture; he cites the smoothness, monumental scale and coolness of the stone as having a profound affect on him. 
Perry was taught by artists such as Richard Deacon, Anthony Gormley and David Nash at the Chelsea College of Art (now Chelsea College of Art and Design) where he studied from 1981 to 1984 to receive his Bachelor of Arts with Honours. From 1984 to 1987 Perry studied to receive his Master of Arts from the Royal Academy, where, in 1987, he won the Royal Academy Gold Medal for Sculpture. In 1987 he also won the prestigious British Prix de Rome for sculpture, a scholarship allowing him to study at the British School in Rome from 1987 to 1989. Perry has said that the scholarship was significant in his development because he "became interested in the history between art and architecture. No one can walk into the Pantheon and not be transformed by it." 
Career.
In 1987 Perry's public art commission, "Undercurrent", went on display at The Economist Building, London, also in 1987, Perry held his first solo exhibition at Nicola Jacobs Gallery in London. 
Perry's major public commissions include "Threaded Field", Docklands Stadium, Melbourne (1999-2000), "On Tap", Caroline Springs, Melbourne (2007), and the much loved "Public Purse" (1994). He has also produced works in consultation with numerous municipal councils, corporations and architectural firms such as Habel Leonard Stent, Stockland Development, Edgewater, Seasons Apartments, and the RACV. In addition to his work in public spaces, Perry has shown work in galleries throughout his career, including solo exhibitions at the Nicola Jacobs Gallery, London (1988), The Linden Gallery, Melbourne (1993), The Mechanic's Institute, Melbourne (1998) and the Jenny Port Gallery, Melbourne (2010). 
He currently lectures in Sculpture at RMIT University School of Art.
Major Works.
Perry has received many public commissions both in Australia and abroad, and has stated: "I have been working in the public arena for a long time because it has interested me and allowed me to work on a scale and with budgets that would not have been possible in the gallery context." 
"Public Purse".
"Public Purse" (right) is, for Australians at least, one of Perry's more recognisable works: located in the Bourke Street Mall, it functions as a unique, distinctive form of seating. The piece was commissioned by the council as part of their Percent For Art program in which one per cent of the council's budget was dedicated to funding public artworks with the goal of integrating art into the public spaces of the city. On the scheme Perry has said: "It's important to remember the 'per cent for art scheme' model represents a hard won victory and ensures there is a significant program of art in Australia."
He also comments on the competition for attention public art faces with regards to advertising: "Art in the public domain, and I am particularly referring to the city, is always competing with a whole range of things for our attention." Thus, the name "Public Purse", is a reference to its commission from the Percent For Art Program, and is also a comment on the retail and department stores that populate the site.
"Threaded Field".
"Threaded Field" (left) is a large-scale integrated sculptural installation located on the Northwest stadium concourse at Etihad Stadium, Melbourne. Appearing in a series of thread-like segments, loops, knots and needles, the sculpture works to stitch together the various parts of the stadium exterior and concourse. Inspired by the architecture of the stadium, the sculpture is made of painted and polished steel; it weathers graffiti, and use as a children's climbing apparatus, it also offers unorthodox seating. Perry, commenting on the "shelf life" of his work, has said: "the materials and processes I use are robust because it allows a work to survive within what can be a very hostile environment and be experienced first-hand by as many people as possible. There is something particular about physically experiencing an art work that can never be communicated through reproduction."
"Threaded Field" is strikingly similar to Claes Oldenburg and Coosje van Bruggen's "Ago, Fil e Nodo" (which translates at "Needle, Thread and Knot") located in the Piazzale Cadorna in Milan. Like Perry's "Threaded Field", "Ago, Fil e Nodo" was completed in 2000.
"Public Address".
A scaled-up megaphone made of fibreglass, steel and sound equipment, "Public Address" functions in much the same way as a hand-held megaphone, except that rather than emitting the sounds of protest rallies it projects the sound of snoring. "Public Address", Perry has said, functions as a reprise to his "Public Purse" (1994) insofar as megaphones are associated with political demonstration, authoritarian instruction and public oration; symbolically they represent a public object and, moreover, language and communication. The irregular breathing emanating from "Public Address" subverts these traditional notions of the megaphone and represents the voice of a public stupor preventing the vocalisation of objections to a world in crisis. The sound of snoring is indicative of the privacy of unconsciousness, but within the urban context, lying discarded in Federation Square, the giant megaphone appears both comical and pathetic informing to the malaise symptomatic of cultural and political fatigue. Indeed, during a large political rally at Federation Square about workplace agreements, Perry's megaphone had to be turned off so the snoring didn't disrupt the rally. Ironically, John Howard responded to the demands for workplace agreements by stating that he would not be influenced by megaphone politics.
Perry has observed that "here are advantages and disadvantages to having a voice...if you have a voice you have a responsibility and a risk." In this way, "Public Address", while dealing with notions of a public voice, also comments on the contested nature of public spaces. When Perry, an artist famous for his large-scale public art, elects to deal with anxieties about individuals expressing themselves as part of a collective in a public space he deliberately implicates himself in that confused nexus of being unable to express something terribly important. This self-consciousness and playfulness informs to a dynamic that is consistent with the vein of irony and scepticism that runs through much of his work.
References.
1983 Studio International vol. 196, Portland Bill Sculpture Park, London 
1986 The Sunday Times Magazine, London, 9 March 
1986 The Guardian, London, 25 July 
1988 Trova Roma Magazine, Rome, 4 June 
1988 Time Out Magazine, London, December 
1988 Germinations IV Exhibition Catalogue, London 
1988 Deici Artisti Exhibition Catalogue, B.S.R, Rome 
1989 Art and Design, Forty under Forty, London, July Issue 
1990 Ten Years of the British School at Rome Exhibition Catalogue, R.C.A. London. 
1990 The History of the British School at Rome, B.S.R. Publication, London 
1992 3PBS Radio Interview re Exhibition at Linden St Kilda Arts Centre, Melbourne 
1994 The Brunswick Sentinel, Melbourne, 11 April 1994 
1994 Limelight, Peter Weiniger, The Age, Melbourne 3 May 1994 
1994 Mary Lou Gelbard, 3LO, Melbourne, Sunday 1 May 1994 
1994 Margaret Cook, The Age, Melbourne, 13 September 
1995 Documentary on Argyle Street, Public Art Project, directed by Jane Crawley, funded by the Australia Council 
1996 St Kilda Art Project with Dimity Reed, Peter Couchman Show, 3LO Radio 
1996 Artfan Magazine, Stuart Koop, Public Art in Melbourne, Melbourne 
1996 Melbourne, Our City Our Culture, Hyland House Public Art in Melbourne, Review Program, ABC Television 
2000 ‘Urban Fiction’ February 2000. This was a paper given by Graham Roberts at the international conference on urban regeneration. The Building Centre, London 
2000 Channel 7," Threaded Field" Docklands Stadium 
2000 The Age, The Australian, The Herald Sun, Docklands Stadium Art Work 
2000 The Age, The John Mockridge Fountain 
2003 The Age, Margins, Memories & Markers project 
2003 Architectural Review Australia 083, Andrew Mackenzie, "Threaded Field" 
2003 Melbourne Magazine issue 013 November " Art In Public" 
2004 Angela Melkisethian, Sculpture Magazine USA, ‘Commissions’ Issue No.9 Volume 23 November 2004 pp 28–29 
2005 The Age, Domain on Line, Video on Simon Perry’s Urban Art Projects. Produced by Tim Mummery. January 2005 
2005 Jill Vincent, "Shrine to University" The Mathematical Association of Victoria. 
2005 Chris McAuliffe, RACV Collection Catalogue, 2005 pp 38–39 
2005 Juliana Engberg – The Unquiet World (Exhibition catalogue essay), Published by The Australian Centre for Contemporary Art. 
2005 The Age, Melbourne "No need to shout, we know its art" (Nov) 
2005 ABC Radio National, Australia " The Deep End" Political Art, Juliana Engberg 
2006 Jarrod Rawlins – Art & Australia ‘The Unquiet World’ (review) – Vol 44 No.2 Summer 2006, P. 272 – 277 
2006 Age/Herald Sun/Photo File, Art & Australia) National Radio and TV coverage 
2006 Sally Nolan – ABC Radio National, The Deep End Interview with Simon Perry discussing his work in the Idea of the Animal Exhibition, October 2006 
2006 Linda Williams – Art &The Idea of the Animal in the Idea of the Animal (catalogue essay), RMIT University Gallery Melbourne, October 2006 ISBN 0-9579495-4-5 
2006 Leon Van Schaik, ‘Design City Melbourne’ Wiley, UK 2006 pp 81–82 
2007 Sarah Tutton – Art & Australia ‘The Idea of the Animal’ (review) - Vol 44 No.3 Autumn 2007, Pg. 33 
2008 Linda Williams, ‘Heat’ Art and climate change, Exhibition Catalogue essay 
2008 ABC TV, " Degrees of Difficulty", Chris Mcauliffe Sunday Arts episode 32, ‘Heat’ Exhibition. 
2010 Katherine Harrington - ‘Sculpture and the Enemies’ interview with Simon Perry. Issue 3, 2010 P 18-25

</doc>
<doc id="30925194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30925194" title="Tony Toliver">
Tony Toliver

Charles Anthony "Tony" Toliver (born July 4, 1958 in Richards, Texas) is an American country music singer.
Toliver began playing bass guitar in his family's gospel group, but later began playing piano. He moved to Nashville, Tennessee at age 25 and held day jobs, until he was discovered by singer Dottie West. West hired him and had him as her pianist and bandleader, with his first gig occurring at the White House.
Toliver continued to tour with his bandmates after West died in 1991, and released a self-titled debut album through Curb Records the same year. Six years later, he released a second album, "Half Saint, Half Sinner" through Rising Tide Records. This album included two singles that made the Hot Country Songs charts: "Bettin' Forever on You" and "He's on the Way Home".

</doc>
<doc id="30925239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30925239" title="The Deming Cup">
The Deming Cup

The Deming Cup is an annual prize presented by The W. Edwards Deming Center for Quality, Productivity, and Competitiveness at Columbia Business School.
It was established in 2010 to recognize world leaders who have made outstanding contributions in the area of operational excellence and have fostered the culture of continuous improvement in the organization.
About the Deming Center.
The W. Edwards Deming Center for Quality, Productivity, and Competitiveness was founded in 1990 by W. Edwards Deming
. The Center sponsors applied research, disseminates best practices, supports focused education and professional development, and fosters partnerships with companies in the area of operational excellence. The Deming Center’s initiatives pursue connecting academia and industry worlds under the scope of leadership in quality, productivity, and competitiveness.
Recipients.
In 2010 Samuel J. Palmisano, Chairman, President, and CEO of IBM, was selected as the winner. An award ceremony took place on October 18, 2010 at Columbia University “On behalf of IBMers around the world, I am deeply honored to receive the inaugural Deming Cup, which embodies the Deming Center’s pioneering effort to understand and advance operational excellence in a globally integrating world,” said Palmisano. “We believe this agenda is strongly aligned with IBM’s work to build a smarter planet — helping businesses and institutions seize new capabilities to transform their operations, relationships, and business models — and practicing the same innovation within IBM itself.” 
In 2011 Brent C. James, M.D., Chief Quality Officer at Intermountain Healthcare, and Sergio Marchionne, Chairman and CEO of Chrysler Group, and CEO of Fiat were awarded with the cup. The award ceremony was held on November 2, 2011 at Columbia University. “It only feels appropriate to accept this award in honor of Dr. Deming, who did his work with the idea that service is the ultimate human accomplishment,” Dr. James said. “We’re in the beginning of creating a whole new world of medicine. We haven’t even begun to realize what we can do for our patients — the people who come to us in their hour of need.”. Sergio Marchionne named organizational culture as the most crucial factor to success. “Culture change is more important and long-lasting than changes in manufacturing or production,” he said. “We’ve learned to be comfortable with the discomfort of uncertainty. The ability to embrace change and confidently plan for the future lies in positive leadership.” 
In 2012, Terry Lundgren (Macy's Inc) and Ratan Tata (Tata Sons Ltd.) were selected as recipients. The third Deming Cup Award Ceremony and dinner was held in Columbia University’s Low Memorial Library (Rotunda) on October 23. Terry Lundgren's remarks on accepting the third annual Deming Cup included some special remarks to W. Edwards Deming principles "we have some much room to improve and Dr. Deming concept of continuous improvement lives in our companies. This is a great recognition for my outstanding team who has helped us to achieve the results". On the other hand, according to Tata's words, the award was one of the biggest motivators to his success "I would be lying if I say that this journey is completed. In fact in my view it just has started. We have a long way to go to sustain what we have built and we need the commitment and the dedication of our employees. What you have given me today is going to be the largest motivator to make this happen".
The 2013 Deming Cup winners are Fisk Johnson, chairman and CEO of SC Johnson & Son Inc. and Paolo Rocca, chairman and CEO of Tenaris S.A. Columbia Business School alumni, faculty, and current students from the EMBA and PhD programs participated in the ceremony; total attendance was 200 people. 
Thomas Groos, Partner at City Light Capital, and Christine Todd Whitman, former New Jersey Governor, introduced H. Fisk Johnson. They explained Johnson’s role as a key driver to his company’s outstanding performance in quality and innovation. Sergio Marchionne, chairman and CEO of Chrysler Group LLC, and CEO of Fiat S.p.A. (and former Deming Cup Winner), and Paolo Scaroni, Chief Executive Officer of Eni, introduced Paolo Rocca. Both speakers emphasized how Rocca has placed operational excellence at the core of Tenaris’ strategy.
Judging Committee.
The Deming Cup recipients are selected by a Judging Committee, led by co-chairs Robert Amen and Paul O'Neill.
The 2013 Judging Committee members are 

</doc>
<doc id="30925256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30925256" title="Narce">
Narce

Narce was a Faliscan settlement in Italy located 5 kilometers south of Falerii (modern Civita Castellana). Its residents spoke an Italic language related to Latin. It was inhabited from the 2nd millennium to the 3rd century B.C. The ancient name of the settlement is uncertain, but it may have been called Fescennium.
The material culture, religion, and history of the Faliscans shares much in common with that of the Etruscans. Narce interacted with Etruscan settlements in all periods of its inhabitation, maintaining especially close relations with the nearby Etruscan city of Veii. Ultimately both groups of people met the same fate under Roman conquest.
Narce was at the center of an impressive network of roads, which gave it access to Veii, Nepi, Falerii Veteres, Capena, and other neighboring settlements. It likely owed its prosperity to its position as a trading post and waystation.
Topography and Inhabitation.
Narce comprises a nucleated settlement of three hills in the Treia River Vally between Mazzano Romano and Calcata. It takes its name from the northernmost hill, which was the first to be occupied. The others that formed the settlement are Monte li Santi and Pizzo Piede.
The inhabitants of Bronze Age Narce lived along the Treia River in low areas below the city's cliffs. Archaeological evidence suggests they burned the vegetation in the area before building huts and possibly a palisade to enclose the city. From the 14th century through the Protovillanovan period (12th-11th century) the people living there planted grains and raised pigs and sheep for meat, milk, and wool. During this period Narce may have served as a focus for smaller sites in its surrounding hinterland. Metalwork and glass beads among archaeological finds indicate that even at this period Narce was involved in long-range trade routes. 
During the Villanovan Iron Age (900-700 B.C.), settlements grew up in higher areas to the north and south. The latest habitation on the lower-lying part of the site dates to the 7th century B.C. This low area was used exclusively for burials from the second half of that century onward. At this time the center of the settlement was at Monte li Santi.
The site was reoccupied during the 4th and 3rd centuries B.C., when its central point was on Pizzo Piede (although the other hills were also occupied). When the Romans annexed the region in 241 B.C., the population of Narce dispersed. The site was reoccupied yet again during the 1st-3rd centuries A.D.
Excavations.
The site was discovered in the late 19th century, with the first recorded excavations taking place in 1889 and being published in 1894. These excavations uncovered 21 cemeteries, most on the ridges to the east, south, and west. Further excavations were undertaken by Frothingham (1896), Paille and Mengarelli (1897), del Drago (published 1902), and Mancinelli-Scott (1897). 
The tombs of Narce produced the site's most significant archaeological finds. The discoveries made therein were the basis of the collection of the National Etruscan Museum, now housed in the Villa Giulia in Rome. Excavated Italic material was also dispersed to several American museums, with Arthur Frothingham acting as agent to select and send back the artifacts. Tomb finds also went to Florence, Paris, Copenhagen, and Berlin. The University of Pennsylvania Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology received the largest and most representative sampling of grave goods.
The cemeteries date from the 8th-6th centuries B.C. (the Villanovan and Orientalizing periods), representing perhaps four or five generations at the settlement. The earliest tombs were well-tombs, dug pits with an urn at the bottom containing the cremated remains of the deceased. Trench tombs later became more popular, following the growth of the trend toward inhumation. It was typical for a small selection of goods to be buried with the cremated remains of the deceased.
The finds from Narce are significant because their original context was documented and their groupings in individual tombs was preserved. With this context, grave goods can be used to determine the sex and social status or occupation of the deceased, and can in turn provide information about life in that society. 
Ornamental cups, spits for roasting meat, bronze belts, armor, swords, spears, razors, and feasting equipment were found in a men's burials at Narce. Women's burials include cups, plates, and bowls as well as fibulae (brooches), jewelry, and spinning equipment. War chariots or symbolic parts of a chariot were also found, sometimes with sacrificed horses. Burials from Narce contain a token item from the opposite gender of the deceased. For example, Tomb 43, which held the remains of the so-called "Narce warrior," also contained two spindle whorls and four women's brooches. This may indicate that a ritual took place at the funeral where a family member of the opposite sex offered a token gift to the deceased.
There is also evidence for children's burials at Narce. A stone sarcophagus found in Tomb 102F could not hold a child larger than a toddler, and was determined to have held the body of a small girl. The child was buried with jewelry and miniature versions of vases and bowls, child-sized variants on the standard adult grave goods.
As a whole the quantity and quality of the grave goods indicate that the inhabitants of Narce over these four or five generations were quite well-to-do.

</doc>
<doc id="30925260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30925260" title="University of Toronto Department of Computer Science">
University of Toronto Department of Computer Science

DCS at UT faculty of arts and science is a world renowned institute for its research and education in computer science. It provides a wide varieties of programs for undergraduate training and graduate research. It's formally formed on July 1, 1964. Since then many world class researchers had worked there and had brought many significant contributions to the global communities of computer science. This includes Steve Cook with his NP-completeness theory, which had him received a Turing Award. Also in 1983, Turing programming language was developed by Ric Holt and Jim Cordy, which it received many rewards and being used widely at the time.

</doc>
<doc id="30925268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30925268" title="Micrurus browni">
Micrurus browni

Micrurus browni, commonly known as Brown's coral snake, is a species of venomous elapid snake native to southwestern Mexico and Guatemala. There are three recognized subspecies, including the nominate subspecies described here.
Common names.
Brown's coral snake. In Spanish: "Serpiente-coralillo de Brown", "coral", "coral de Acapulco", "coral de Antigua", "coral (or coralillo) de canutos", "vibora de coral".
Description.
Brown's coral snake can grow to , but most are closer to to . They have smooth scales, a rounded head, and eyes with round pupils. Its color pattern is three-colored: broad red bands, separated by 10-27 black bands, each bordered with a narrow yellow ring. The snout is black. There is usually a yellow ring, across the top of the head, halfway back.
Geographic range.
Its distribution is limited to Quintana Roo in southwestern Mexico, and western Guatemala, including Sacatepequez. Previous reports for Honduras have been found to be incorrect. 
Habitat.
It is mainly found in tropical deciduous forest, pine-oak forest, and cloud forest at elevations ranging from sea level up to 2,000 m.
Behavior.
Although little is known about its behavior, like most other coral snakes it may be nocturnal, terrestrial and probably dwells in burrows, leaf litter, or under logs. While usually not aggressive, it will bite when molested or restrained. 
Diet.
It feeds on small lizards, amphibians, invertebrates, and other snakes.
Reproduction.
Like other members of the genus "Micrurus", "M. browni" is oviparous and may lay a maximum of 15 eggs per clutch.
Venom.
Little is known about the effects of "M. browni" venom. It may contain neurotoxin, which can cause neuromuscular dysfunction, as is the case with the venom of other coral snakes. 
Subspecies.
There are three recognized subspecies of "Micrurus browni":

</doc>
<doc id="30925272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30925272" title="The Little White Donkey">
The Little White Donkey

The Little White Donkey ("Le petit âne blanc") is a piece for piano by French composer Jacques Ibert. It was later orchestrated. It is frequently taught to children learning to play the piano, and is known for its staccato rhythm. It is also known for being mentioned in Battle Hymn of the Tiger Mother.

</doc>
<doc id="30925277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30925277" title="Sammy Mellor">
Sammy Mellor

Samuel Alexander "Sammy" Mellor, Jr. (March 14, 1880 – November 5, 1948) was an American long-distance runner who won the 1902 Boston Marathon and competed in the marathon at the 1904 Summer Olympics in St. Louis, Missouri.
Early life.
Mellor was born in Yonkers, New York. He attended School Two and trained in Dunwoodie at Buckwheat Track. His first race was a 6-mile event on January 22, 1898 in Mount Vernon, New York which he won.
On July 4, 1902, Mellor won the 25-mile marathon at the Pan American Exposition in Buffalo, New York. His 3:16:39.4 performance in temperatures reaching 104°F earned him an unofficial national championship and his first national victory.
Boston Marathon.
Mellor has been described as "one of the early stars" of the Boston Marathon. He finished in the top 10 six out of eight years between 1901 and 1909.
In the 1901 Boston Marathon, Mellor finished third behind Canadians John Caffery and William "Bill" Davis. One year later, he was victorious in the event's sixth edition with a time of 2:43:15.4 in race conditions that featured strong winds and blowing dust. In 1903, Mellor would finish nearly six minutes behind John Lorden, the 1902 runner-up, after losing the lead and walking down Heartbreak Hill. During the 1904 Boston Marathon, he would lose the lead at mile 20 and go on to finish in sixth place. Mellor dropped out of the race at Chestnut Hill in 1905 after setting a record pace early on.
Mellor was among the leaders in 1906 prior to being overtaken by David Kneeland and falling back. His 8th place finish in 1908 earned him a spot on the United States Olympic Marathon Team. He finish 34th in the 1910 race. Ten years after he won the event, Mellor was slated to competed in the 1912 Boston Marathon, which served as the United States Olympic Trials for the 1912 Summer Olympics in Stockholm, Sweden.
Olympian.
Mellor was a two-time member of the United States Olympic Marathon Team. 
An announcement in the August 6, 1904 issue of "The New York Times" indicated that the Metropolitan Association of the Amateur Athletic Union would hold a "special five-mile race" at Celtic Park on August 13, 1904 with the eight top finishers receiving a paid trip to compete in the marathon at the Olympic Games in St. Louis on August 30, 1904. Mellor, listed as representing the Mohawk Athletic Club, was named as one of 19 "probable competitors" in the event. 
As a member of the 1904 United States Olympic Team, he was a favorite to win the marathon. According to "The Olympic Marathon" by David Martin and Roger Gynn, Mellor was in third at the 3-mile mark, in second at the 6-mile mark, and leading just past the halfway point. Shortly thereafter, he developed a stich or severe cramps and was overtaken by the eventual gold medalist, American Thomas Hicks. At about 14.5 miles or 2 hours and 4 minutes into the race, Mellor retired from the race.
Mellor also earned a spot on the 1908 team, but did not compete in the Olympics that year.
Other accomplishments.
In 1904 at the Canadian Marathon of Hamilton, Ontario, Mellor was paced to a course record by a horse and buggy. He also won a 10-mile race by six inches on Young’s Million Dollar Pier in Atlantic City, New Jersey in 1905; he claimed this was his most difficulty victory. By the spring of 1909, Mellor held the American record in the twenty-mile. Among his other victories are the Newark Marathon (1907), the Bronx Marathon (1909), the Mercury Athletic Club 25-mile race (1909), and the Empire City Marathon (1909). In 1909, Mellor won an "amateur marathon" in Troy, New York on April 28, 1909, and finished third at the Bronx Amateur Marathon on May 8.
Mellor helped establish the Yonkers Marathon with Edward Wetmore Kinsley in 1907, and finished second in the event's first two runnings. Mellor also founded the 3.5-mile Yonkers Schoolboys Race with help from Kinsley in 1908. At various times throughout his running career, Mellor represented the Mohawk Athletic Club, the National Athletic Club, the Hollywood Inn Athletic Association (also referred to as the Hollywood Inn Athletic Club), the Yonkers Harriers, and the Mercury Club. Having competed in 29 marathons, Mellor retired from racing in 1909.
Eva Florence Mellor was Sammy Mellor's widow. He was unrelated to Charles "Chuck" Mellor, the winner of the 1925 Boston Marathon and an Olympian in 1920 and 1924.

</doc>
<doc id="30925302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30925302" title="Frank Chiesurin">
Frank Chiesurin

Frank Chiesurin (born November 26 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian film and television actor. Best known for his recurring role as the partner of a closeted gay football player in the drama series "Playmakers", he has also had roles in a variety of American and Canadian productions, including the films "", "The Prize Winner of Defiance, Ohio", "Lie with Me" and "Cake" and the television series "Big Wolf on Campus", "Un gars, une fille", "Doc", "Largo Winch", "Météo+", "Les Bleus de Ramville" and "The Latest Buzz".

</doc>
<doc id="30925309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30925309" title="String interpolation">
String interpolation

String interpolation is a form of Quasi-quotation, common in many programming languages which make heavy use of string representations of data, such as Python, Ruby, PHP, Perl, Scala, Nemerle, Swift, etc. It means to insert a string or replace a variable with its value. It makes string formatting and specifying contents more intuitive.
Examples.
Boo.
The output will be:
CoffeeScript.
The output will be:
Dart.
The output will be:
Lisp.
Using strings:
The output will be:
We can also generalise this to arbitrary (non-string) LISP expressions, known as s-expressions. The equivalent of string interpolation for s-expressions is quasi-quotation, for example:
This results in the s-expression (I have 4 apples), where "I", "have", "4" and "apples" are symbols (i.e. identifiers), rather than strings.
Nemerle.
You can also use advanced formatting features like this:
The output will be:
Perl.
The output will be:
PHP.
The output will be:
Python.
The output will be:
Ruby.
The output will be:
Scala.
The s interpolator.
Scala's string Interpolation allows users to embed variable references directly in processed string literals. It's done by the Scala Macro feature. Macros are functions that are called by the compiler during compilation. Here is an example:
The output will be:
Swift.
In Swift you can create a new String value from a combination of constants, variables, literals, and expressions by including their values inside a string literal. 
Each item that you insert into the string literal is wrapped in a pair of parentheses, prefixed by a backslash.
The output will be:
Security issues.
String Interpolation, like string concatenation, may lead to security problems. When failed to properly escape or filter user input data, system will expose to SQL injection, script injection, XML External Entity Injection (XXE), and cross-site scripting (XSS) attacks.
An example of SQL injection will be like this:
If "codice_1" is replaced with ""codice_2"", executing this query will wipe out all the data in Table.

</doc>
<doc id="30925335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30925335" title="Lyin', Cheatin', Woman Chasin', Honky Tonkin', Whiskey Drinkin' You">
Lyin', Cheatin', Woman Chasin', Honky Tonkin', Whiskey Drinkin' You

"Lyin', Cheatin', Woman Chasin', Honky Tonkin', Whiskey Drinkin' You" is a Loretta Lynn album from 1983. The MCA Records release was the first MCA album of Lynn's career not produced by Owen Bradley and was her only album produced by Ron Chancey. 
After her last three albums under Bradley's helm proved to be only moderately successful, MCA decided to team Lynn with a new producer but this production ultimately proved even less successful, the first album of her Decca/MCA career to fail to produce a single top 40 country hit with both of the disc's single releases hitting only the back of the top 100 country singles lists.

</doc>
<doc id="30925357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30925357" title="Naoli River">
Naoli River

The 596 km long Naoli () River flows through Heilongjiang Province in northeast China and is the longest tributary to the Ussuri River. 

</doc>
<doc id="30925438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30925438" title="Lookin' Good">
Lookin' Good

Lookin' Good is a 1980 country music album by Loretta Lynn released on MCA Records.

</doc>
<doc id="30925439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30925439" title="Yeronga Football Club">
Yeronga Football Club

Yeronga Football Club are an Australian rules football club which play in the AFLQ State Association. They are nicknamed the Devils. Previously, the club competed in the Queensland Australian National Football League (QANFL).
Formed in 1928, the club comes from the Brisbane suburb of Yeronga.
The club had their best period in the 1930s when they twice made grand finals, losing to Windsor on both occasions.
After World War II, Yeronga merged with the South Brisbane Football Club, but kept their name and club colours.
In 1953 and 1954, they competed under the name Coorparoo-Yeronga, having merged with the Coorparoo Football Club.
Honours.
QANFL.
Grand Finalists (2)
Grogan Medalists (2)
Top Goalkicker (2)
AFLQSA.
Premierships (1)

</doc>
<doc id="30925451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30925451" title="I Won't Let Go">
I Won't Let Go

I Won't Let Go may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30925513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30925513" title="Making Love from Memory">
Making Love from Memory

Making Love From Memory is a 1982 country music album by Loretta Lynn on MCA Records. The album failed to chart on "Billboard"s Top 75 Country Albums despite the title song being a top 20 single and "Breakin' It" making the top 40. This was the only album of Lynn's career at Decca-MCA not to make the Billboard album charts.

</doc>
<doc id="30925520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30925520" title="Wild basil">
Wild basil

"Wild basil" is a common name for several plants in the mint family (Lamiaceae):

</doc>
<doc id="30925538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30925538" title="I Won't Let Go (Rascal Flatts song)">
I Won't Let Go (Rascal Flatts song)

"I Won't Let Go" is a song written by Steve Robson and Jason Sellers, and recorded by American country music band Rascal Flatts. It was released in January 2011 as the second single from the band's seventh studio album, "Nothing Like This", and their 28th single release overall.
Content and writing.
Jason Sellers and Steve Robson wrote the song together. Robson had begun the song already when he and Sellers got together to write it. Sellers told "Country Weekly" that he thought Robson's existing lyrics were "inspired", and thought that he would write a song with an "uplifting lyric". He said they intentionally did not define the song's character, so that the message could be applicable in various situations: "This could be something you'd say to someone in the family that's a soldier, fighting overseas… or to your mom, dad, wife or husband[…]I felt it could also be God saying it to someone."
Critical reception.
Michael McCall of Associated Press praised the song in his review of the album, saying that it "show a new maturity" and "showcases Gary LeVox's tenor." Writing for The 9513, C.M. Wilcox gave the song a "thumbs up". He thought that the lyrics were vague but said that the song was "beautifully executed", also praising Gary LeVox's voice. Matt Bjorke of Roughstock gave it four stars out of five, saying, "this ‘power ballad’ showcases off the better parts of Gary LeVox’s singing style as he sings the melody of the lyric in a soft, tender tenor that is often the best pocket of his voice and while he does some vocal runs throughout the song, he sings this song in a tone that suits him the best." Ben Foster of "The 1-to-10 Country Music Review" gave it five stars out of ten, saying, "their performance is solid, and the harmonies are there, so "I Won't Let Go" is easy on the ears."
Music video.
The music video was directed by Deaton-Flanigen and premiered in early 2011. It is footage of a live performance.

</doc>
<doc id="30925543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30925543" title="Good Advice (TV series)">
Good Advice (TV series)

Good Advice is an American situation comedy series that aired for two seasons on CBS from 1993 to 1994. It was co-created and executive produced by Danny Jacobson and Norma Safford Vela; and starred Shelley Long and Treat Williams. The show was a hit, but it was cancelled because Long had suffered health problems that made her unable to film any new episodes for a long period of time.
Synopsis.
Dr. Susan DeRuzza (Shelley Long) is a successful marriage therapist and the author of a best-selling book on the subject, "Giving And Forgiving". Upon returning from a six-week promotional tour she discovers her husband of 11 years, Joey (Christopher McDonald), in bed with another man. Furthermore, when she returns to her therapy office, she learns she is now sharing it with high-profile divorce attorney Jack Harold (Treat Williams). While Susan and Jack don't agree on the basics of relationships, love or marriage, the one thing they do share is an undeniable sexual chemistry. Susan's confidant Artie (George Wyner) tries to lend support at the office and her sister Paige (Teri Garr) and son Michael (Ross Malinger) try to help at home. But ultimately, no one has any good advice...
History.
"Good Advice" premiered as a mid-season replacement on CBS in the Spring of 1993. The initial order garnered solid ratings and generally positive critical reviews. This was Shelley Long's first return to series television after leaving her Emmy-winning role as Diane Chambers on "Cheers" and also the first sitcom for Treat Williams. Ross Malinger, who played Susan's son, gained notoriety from his big-screen portrayal of Tom Hanks's matchmaking son in "Sleepless in Seattle", which was released in between the first and second seasons of the show. 
For the second season, Estelle Harris, of "Seinfeld" fame, who played Artie's (George Wyner) mother, and Christopher McDonald as ex-husband Joey, were cut as regulars in lieu of bringing in Oscar nominee Teri Garr as Susan's sister. Henriette Mantel, who later went on to work with Shelley Long again in "The Brady Bunch Movie" and "A Very Brady Sequel" as Alice the maid, also joined the cast in season 2. Furthermore, Mantel assisted co-star Teri Garr in writing her 2006 autobiography, "Speedbumps". At different times previous, both actresses were diagnosed with multiple sclerosis after "Good Advice" wrapped production.
Noteworthy "Good Advice" staff writers included Michael Patrick King ("Sex and the City", "The Comeback") and Max Mutchnick ("Will & Grace"). Actor Robby Benson directed the pilot episode.

</doc>
<doc id="30925574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30925574" title="We've Come a Long Way Baby">
We've Come a Long Way Baby

We've Come a Long Way Baby is a 1978 country music album by Loretta Lynn on MCA-3073. The title song was a top ten hit for Lynn, playing on the famous Virginia Slims slogan of the day, "You've Come a Long Way Baby". The album was produced by Owen Bradley.

</doc>
<doc id="30925582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30925582" title="Botond Előd">
Botond Előd

Botond Előd (born October 24, 1984) is a Hungarian actor and voice actor. He has an older brother named Álmos who is also an actor and voice actor.

</doc>
<doc id="30925590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30925590" title="Existential theory of the reals">
Existential theory of the reals

In mathematical logic, computational complexity theory, and computer science, the existential theory of the reals is the set of all true sentences of the form
where "F"("X"1, ..., "X""k") is a quantifier-free formula in the language of ordered fields with coefficients in a real closed field.
The decision problem for the existential theory of the reals is the problem of finding an algorithm that decides, for each such formula, whether it is true or false. This decision problem is NP-hard and lies in PSPACE. Thus, it has significantly lower complexity than Alfred Tarski's quantifier elimination procedure for deciding statements in the first-order theory of the reals without the restriction to existential quantifiers.
Complete problems.
Several problems in computational complexity and geometric graph theory may be classified as complete for the existential theory of the reals. These include:
Based on this, the complexity class formula_2 has been defined as the set of problems having a polynomial-time many-one reduction to the existential theory of the reals.

</doc>
<doc id="30925598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30925598" title="Wyoming Highway 334">
Wyoming Highway 334

Wyoming Highway 334 is a short east-west Wyoming State Road in central Sheridan County that connects Wyoming Highway 332 with the business routes of I-90/US 14/US 87. In turn, those connect to exit 25 of Interstate 90 as well as US 14 and US 87.
Route description.
Wyoming Highway 334 begins its western end at Wyoming Highway 332 (Big Horn Avenue) and travels east for just under eight-tenths of a mile to end at an intersection with I-90 BUS/US 14 BUS/US 87 BUS. Exit 25 of Interstate 90 can be reached by continuing east along I-90 BUS/US 14 BUS/US 87 BUS another .
The roadway itself continues west of WYO 332 as Sheridan County Route 34 to connect to Wyoming Highway 333 (Airport Road) and the Sheridan County Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="30925670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30925670" title="I Lie">
I Lie

I Lie is a 1982 country music album by Loretta Lynn. The album's one single release, the title track "I Lie", proved to be the last "Billboard" solo country top ten record of Lynn's career.

</doc>
<doc id="30925675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30925675" title="Depletion and enhancement modes">
Depletion and enhancement modes

In field-effect transistors (FETs), depletion mode and enhancement mode are two major transistor types, corresponding to whether the transistor is in an "ON" state or an "OFF" state at zero gate–source voltage.
Enhancement-mode MOSFETs are the common switching elements in most MOS logic families. These devices are "OFF" at zero gate–source voltage, and can be turned on by pulling the gate voltage in the direction of the drain voltage; that is, toward the VDD supply rail, which is positive for NMOS logic and negative for PMOS logic.
In a depletion-mode MOSFET, the device is normally "ON" at zero gate–source voltage. Such devices are used as load "resistors" in logic circuits (in depletion-load NMOS logic, for example). For N-type depletion-load devices, the threshold voltage might be about –3 V, so it could be turned off by pulling the gate 3 V negative (the drain, by comparison, is more positive than the source in NMOS). In PMOS, the polarities are reversed.
The mode can be determined by the sign of the threshold voltage (gate voltage relative to source voltage at the point where an inversion layer just forms in the channel): for an N-type FET, enhancement-mode devices have positive thresholds, and depletion-mode devices have negative thresholds; for a P-type FET, enhancement-mode negative, depletion-mode positive.
Junction field-effect transistors (JFETs) are typically depletion mode, since the gate junction would forward bias if the gate were taken more than a little from source toward drain voltage. Such devices are used in gallium-arsenide and germanium chips, where it is difficult to make an oxide insulator.
Alternative terminology.
Some sources says "depletion type" and "enhancement type" for the device types as described in this article as "depletion mode" and "enhancement mode", and apply the "mode" terms for which direction the gate–source voltage differs from zero. 
Moving the gate voltage toward the drain voltage "enhances" the conduction in the channel, so this defines the enhancement mode of operation, while moving the gate away from the drain depletes the channel, so this defines depletion mode.
Enhancement-load and depletion-load logic families.
Depletion-load NMOS logic refers to the logic family that became dominant in silicon VLSI in the latter half of the 1970s; the process supported both enhancement-mode and depletion-mode transistors, and typical logic circuits used enhancement-mode devices as pull-down switches and depletion-mode devices as loads, or pull-ups. Logic families built in older processes that did not support depletion-mode transistors were retrospectively referred to as "enhancement-load" logic, or as "saturated-load" logic, since the enhancement-mode transistors were typically connected with gate to the VDD supply and operated in the saturation region (sometimes the gates are biased to a higher VGG voltage and operated in the linear region, for a better power–delay product, but the loads then take more area). Alternatively, rather than static logic gates, dynamic logic such as four-phase logic was sometimes used in processes that did not have depletion-mode transistors available.
For example, the 1971 Intel 4004 used enhancement-load silicon-gate PMOS logic, and the 1976 Zilog Z80 used depletion-load silicon-gate NMOS.

</doc>
<doc id="30925716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30925716" title="Earl Fee">
Earl Fee

Earl Fee (born March 22, 1929) is a Canadian track and field athlete. 
Biography.
After being an above average high school and collegiate runner, Fee spent a career working as a nuclear engineer for the Atomic Energy of Canada Limited, otherwise known as CANDU. After a 33 year hiatus from competitive athletics, he joined his sons Curtis and Tyler in a running program. At age 56, he ran his first race in masters athletics. Since then he has set over 50 age group world records including the still current records in the M75 300 metre hurdles, the M80 200 metre hurdles, the M80 400 metres, and the M65, M70 and M80 800 metres.
He has taken his literary skills to write "The Complete Book of Running "How To Be a Champion from 9 to 90"" which was published in 2007. In 2010 he wrote "100 Years Young the Natural Way -- Body Mind Spirit Training" which has yet to be released. In 2013, he released a book of poetry "The Wonder of it All."

</doc>
<doc id="30925722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30925722" title="New Jersey Apportionment Commission">
New Jersey Apportionment Commission

The New Jersey Apportionment Commission is a constitutionally-created ten-member commission responsible for apportioning the forty districts of the New Jersey Legislature. The commission is convened after each decennial U.S. Census, and the districts are to be in use for the legislative elections in the following ten years. The commission's members are appointed by the two most successful political parties in the previous gubernatorial election. Each party appoints five members. If the commission cannot agree to an apportionment plan in a timely manner, the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of New Jersey is to appoint an eleventh member as a tie-breaking vote.
The Apportionment Commission is not to be confused with the New Jersey Redistricting Commission which defines districts for the U.S. House of Representatives.
The ten-member commission has a deadline of either February 1 in the year following the Census or one month from the release of the census data for New Jersey, whichever is later, to produce the new district apportionment. If the ten-member commission is unable to produce a new apportionment by that deadline, the Chief Justice is to appoint an eleventh member. After the appointment of the 11th member, the eleven-member commission has one month to produce the new district apportionment.
2011 Commission.
The 2011 Commission consists of five Democrats and five Republicans. The five Republican members are Assemblyman and former State Republican Chairman Jay Webber (serving as Co-Chair), former Assembly candidate Irene Kim Asbury (serving as Vice Co-Chair), State Senator Kevin J. O'Toole, Ocean County Republican Chair George Gilmore and Republican national committeeman Bill Palatucci. The five Democratic members are Assemblyman and State Democratic Chairman John Wisniewski (serving as Co-Chair), former Assemblywoman Nilsa Cruz-Perez (serving as Vice Co-Chair), Assembly Majority Leader Joseph Cryan, Assembly Speaker Sheila Oliver and State Senator Paul Sarlo.
On February 3, 2011 the Census data for New Jersey were released. Accordingly, the ten-member commission had until March 5, 2011 to produce the district apportionment.
The commission at the deadline was at an impasse. Alan Rosenthal, a professor of public policy at Rutgers University, was named the 11th member of the committee, a position that led to him playing the role of tie-breaker. Rosenthal, who describes himself as a moderate Democrat, has worked at the Eagleton Institute of Politics and has never held an elected office. He sat on two commissions for the redistricting of New Jersey's congressional districts for the House of Representatives in 1992 and 2001. Rosenthal was appointed by Chief Justice Rabner after his name appeared on lists of tie-breaking eleventh member candidates both parties produced at the request of Rabner.
On April 3, 2011, the day of the deadline, the commission voted 6 to 5 in favor of the Democrats' map (the five Democrats and Rosenthal voted for it, the five Republicans voted against). The result is the New Jersey Legislative Districts, 2011 apportionment.
A court case challenging the new districts map was dismissed in August 2011 by the New Jersey Supreme Court that found that population discrepancies between northern and southern counties in the state were "nowhere near that needed to support a cognizable legal claim for voter dilution" and the court made it "clear that splitting counties is no longer a basis to invalidate a map." An appeals challenge was rejected in September 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="30925725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30925725" title="When Nietzsche Wept (novel)">
When Nietzsche Wept (novel)

When Nietzsche Wept is a 1992 novel by Irvin D. Yalom, Emeritus Professor of Psychiatry at Stanford University, an existentialist, and psychotherapist. The book takes place mostly in Vienna, Austria, in the late 19th century (during the year 1882, concretely), and relates a fictional meeting between the famous doctor Josef Breuer and the extraordinary philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche. The novel is an excellent review of the history of the philosophy and the psychoanalysis, and also of some of the main personalities of the last decades of the XIX century.
Plot.
The novel starts with Dr. Josef Breuer sitting in a cafe in Venice, Italy waiting for Lou Salomé, who was involved with Friedrich Nietzsche. She has written a letter stating that the future of the philosophy of Germany is at stake and that the german philosopher needs desperately help. The plot develops into a therapy where Breuer needs to have his soul treated, i.e. to help him get over a patient who he treated for hysteria and with whom he has fallen in love, whereas Nietzsche needs help with his migraines. Influenced by the revolutionary ideas of his young disciple Sigmund Freud, Josef Breuer starts the dangerous strategy that will mean the origin of the psychoanalysis. Thanks to their unusual relation, both of them will see how their perspective of life changes completely. The story also explains how Friedrich Nietzsche received the inspiration to write his famous book, Also sprach Zarathustra.
References to famous personalities.
Yalom's book is fictional but contains many references to history and historical personalities: Josef and Mathilde Breuer, Friedrich Nietzsche, Lou Salome, Sigmund Freud, Bertha Pappenheim, Paul Rée as well as mentioning Franz Overbeck, and the composer Richard Wagner. Yalom fits every character on the story magnificently, showing their relations (most of them real, although some of them are fictional to create the story).
Adaptations.
In 2007 Yalom's novel received a film adaptation by the director Pinchas Perry, starring Armand Assante, Ben Cross and Katheryn Winnick. It is an independent American drama film, based faithfully on the homonymous novel, filmed in Bulgaria.
There is also a theatre play based on the novel, adapted by Luciano Cazaux. The roles of Friedrich Nietzsche and Josef Breuer are performed by the actors Luciano Suardi and Claudio Da Passano. The play reflects the intelectual and philosophical atmosphere of the novel, almost dreamlike sometimes. An example of those detils is that the female characters of the play wear colorful dresses, while the male characters wear black or grey suits; that is because the play tries to represent its reality from the point of view of the intelectual men of that period. The theatre play has received positive reviews in general, flattering the work of the actors and actresses.

</doc>
