<doc id="31023481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31023481" title="Waverley, Western Australia">
Waverley, Western Australia

Waverley or Siberia is a ghost town located between Kalgoorlie and Leonora. It is on the Davyhurst to Ora Banda Road in the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia.
Two prospectors Billy Frost and Bob Bonner discovered gold in the area in the late 1893, resulting in a gold rush to the area. The increasing population indicated a need for a townsite to be planned and lots were surveyed in 1898, which was initially to be named Siberia. The local progress association decided that the town should be named Waverley after a nearby mine. The townsite was gazetted as Waverley in 1898. 
Some of the mines close to town include "Siberia", "Waverley", "Mexico" and the "Pole" leases.
In 1911 the Postmaster General raised concern about the duplication of town names in Australia, including Waverley. Alternative names such as Wongi (the name of a nearby soak) and Siberia. The locals preferred Siberia and the name was officially gazetted in 1914. The name comes from Siberia Tank, a water supply that is close to the town.
In 1924, two miners, Emery and MacLachlan, picked up on the continuation of a deep alluvial lead and obtined satisfactory results.
The last resident left town in 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="31023497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31023497" title="List of The Penguins of Madagascar episodes (season 2)">
List of The Penguins of Madagascar episodes (season 2)

This is a list of episodes for the second season of Nickelodeon's animated television series, "The Penguins of Madagascar", which began airing on March 13, 2010 and concluded on March 31, 2012.
Episodes.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="31023529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31023529" title="Cercis chinensis">
Cercis chinensis

The Chinese Redbud () is a plant of the Fabaceae family native to China and Japan that grows between above sea level.
Description.
As a tree, the Chinese Redbud may grow up to tall with a trunk diameter of up to , however, the species is normally found growing in shrub form. The flowers area pink or milky white in color whilst the leaf body is almost circular in shape, in length and tapers to a point at the end. Flowering in April, the Chinese Redbud produces fruit in October.
Some people mistakenly call the Hong Kong Orchid ("Bauhinia blakeana") "Chinese rosebud" but they are different species and not from the same genus. However, since the Chinese name for "Bauhinia blakeana" (洋紫荆) translates literally as "Foreign Chinese Redbud", the characters "紫荆" continue to be used to refer to the species by official Chinese sources.

</doc>
<doc id="31023533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31023533" title="Han Sanming">
Han Sanming

Han Sanming is a Chinese actor and coal miner, known for his roles in films directed by Jia Zhangke. It is believed that he is related to the director. Initially, he was seen only in small roles or cameos, but was then cast in one of the lead roles, as a coal miner looking for his wife and daughter, in Still Life. The film premiered at the 2006 Venice Film Festival and went on to win a Golden Lion award.
Of note, his characters are also named "Han Sanming" in the films.

</doc>
<doc id="31023534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31023534" title="Junk E.P.">
Junk E.P.

Junk E.P. is an EP released by the trip-hop/rap rock group Phunk Junkeez. The EP was released on January 1, 1999, on Uncle Scam Records.

</doc>
<doc id="31023539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31023539" title="Water privatization in Guinea">
Water privatization in Guinea

Urban water supply in Guinea was privatized from 1989 until 2003 during the Presidency of Lansana Conte. His government initiated water privatization for two reasons: First, the World Bank had made private sector participation in urban water supply a condition for a new credit, after the public water utility had been unable to improve service quality under a previous World Bank credit. Second, the government wanted to reduce the budgetary burden from the national public water utility, which was overstaffed and had been unable to collect bills.
In the five years after privatization water tariffs quadrupled. The increase even exceeded the tariff increases that had originally been planned. This eased pressure on the government budget. Consumers also benefited when a bulk water pipeline and water treatment plant, both financed by the World Bank credit, were completed in 1994 resulting in improved service quality. But the tariff increase also imposed a burden on the minority of Guineans who were connected to a piped water supply system. Most of the poor in Guinea were not affected by water privatization, since they remained without access to a piped water supply system.
After the private sector contract expired in 2000 and an interim period, the sector reverted to public management. Tariffs were frozen in 1994 and inflation eroded the real value of tariffs. Service quality deteriorated and in 2003 the situation was similar to the low tariff-poor service equilibrium before privatization.
The privatization convered Conakry as well as 16 other smaller urban centers. Little is known about the effects of privatization in the smaller centers, since the literature focuses on Conakry, where the national water utility has about 80% of its customers.
Water resources and water use in Conakry.
Conakry is located on a peninsula with limited local water availability. Groundwater is brackish and contaminated with bacteria. Most of the piped water distributed in Conakry comes via pipeline from a large reservoir behind a dam used for hydropower generation at Grandes Chutes 60 km northeast of Conakry. The water flows by gravity to the Yessoulou treatment plant halfway between the dam and the capital. It then continues to flow through a treated water pipeline by gravity to the city where it is distributed to house connections and standpipes throughout the city. 
In response to a 1999 survey, 70% of the poor in Conakry said that shallow wells and polluted, temporary streams were their main source of water for non-potable uses. 18% of the poor said these were their main sources of drinking water. Other important sources of drinking water for the poor were the resale of piped water (41%), standpipes (13%) and piped water connections in their homes (28%). Rainwater harvesting is also common for non-potable uses during the rainy season. 
Standpipes. Standpipes are an effective option to supply the urban poor with clean water, in the absence of house connections to the piped network. However, in 1997 there were only 170 standpipes in Conakry, some of which were not working. The municipality of Conakry managed the standpipes. 
The municipality was supposed to pay a fee to the water company for the water it received from the company. The municipality was also supposed to collect fees from standpipe users through caretakers that sold water by the bucket to residents. However, customers expected water from standpipes to be free and the caretakers in charge of the standpipes often provided it for free. 
The local government, which did not receive any significant revenues from the standpipes, did not pay the water company for the water supply to the standpipes. As a result, the operator cut off water supply to standpipes. Neither the municipality nor the operator was interested in seeing more standpipes being built under this dysfunctional arrangement. The number of standpipes thus remained limited, although they could potentially have provided a large number of poor with clean water at lower costs than house connections.
Evolution of privatization.
Prior to privatization.
During colonial time, piped drinking water in urban areas of Guinea was provided by a French private company, the "Compagnie Africaine de Service Public". After independence the company was nationalized in 1961 as part of the policy of African socialism promoted by Sekou Toure. At the time the World Bank supported the public water utility, but results were disappointing. 
In the mid-1980s only 10 of the 33 urban centers had piped water supply. Water was unsafe to drink and service was intermittent. In 1985 the first studies were conducted in preparation of a possible privatization. The government, confronted with coup attempts and not wanting to stir up opposition, waited four years before taking a decision. The World Bank held back a new loan until a decision was taken.
Choice of the lease model.
The government looked at various options for private sector participation in urban water supply, including a long-term concession (up to 30 years), a mid-term lease (10 years) and a short-term management contract (about 5 years). It chose a lease ("affermage") in part because a lease contract in neighboring Ivory Coast was widely considered in West Africa as being a success. 
Like in Ivory Coast, the reforms in Guinea included a single lease contract for water supply in all urban centers of the country. As for all lease contracts, ownership of assets remained with the state. Like in Ivory Coast, the government took a minority stake in the private company that held the lease contract. The 51% majority stake was to be held by a private consortium to be selected via an international competitive bid. 
While in Ivory Coast the state owned the infrastructure directly, in Guinea the state created a public holding company called SONEG for that purpose. SONEG owned all assets and was in charge of investment planning. In addition, SONEG operated the transmission pipeline and water treatment plant that provided bulk water to the capital Conakry, because they were considered strategic assets. Only the distribution network and the billing of customers were to be managed by the private company. 
Under this new institutional arrangement, investments continued to be mostly financed by external donors. Only a fraction of total investments were financed by the private operator. Customers paid their bills to the private operator, who in turn paid a lease fee ("redevance") to the asset holding company. The asset holding company in turn was in charge of debt service, asset renewal and extension. Government subsidies were to be phased out during the period of the lease contract. This was to be achieved through a combination of tariff increases and improved efficiency.
The competitive bid for the lease contract was won by a consortium consisting of two French companies, SAUR and Vivendi (today Veolia Environnement). The winning consortium was selected based on the lowest bid in terms of remuneration per unit of water. SAUR and Vivendi bid lowest, a full 30% lower than the consultants’ estimate. However, their initial low price proved to be of little benefit for customers since tariffs increased sharply during the first years of the lease.
Implementation.
During the first five years of the contract the government regularly approved requests for tariff increases from the private company without much questions asked. There was no independent regulatory agency that could give a professional opinion about whether a request for tariff increases was justified or not. There was also no financial model that could have served as a tool to help analyze of requests to increase tariffs. According to the World Bank the regulatory capacity of the asset holding company remained weak throughout the contract. 
Most importantly, the asset holding company was not independent, since it received itself a significant share of tariff revenues. Both the public and the private company had strong incentives to increase tariffs, since they both received a share of the water sales. After tariffs had quadrupled in five years, the government finally imposed a tariff freeze in 1994. Afterewards, it did not grant any more tariff increases.
The relationship between the public asset holding company SONEG and the private operating company SEEG was not smooth. The companies blamed each other for lack of progress. For example, when the company was told at one time that it could not disconnect non-paying customers, it reduced its lease payments to the government accordingly, although this had not been foreseen in the lease contract. According to a World Bank report, the private contractor was also "frustrated" by the slow pace of investments by SONEG. The private company thus arranged for "bilateral financing" so that it could build infrastructure under contracts awarded to itself on a sole source basis.
The private company received as much raw water from the asset holding company as it needed for free. While higher efficiency was an objective of the privatization, the private operator had no incentives to improve operating efficiency by reducing water losses because of the free availability of water.
During the last years of the contract governance in Guinea deteriorated and donors were increasingly frustrated with the government and reluctant to commit new funds to an increasingly authoritarian government that was accused of corruption and human rights violations. Under these circumstances it was doubtful if the lease contract would be renewed. As a result, the private company had few incentives to make efforts to improve or even maintain service quality during the last years of the contract.
Return to public management.
When the term of the 10-year lease contract came to a close the government and the private company negotiated about a possible new lease contract. But the negotiations failed and in December 2000 the private operator withdrew. According to the Minister of Water in charge at the time, the government wanted to go beyond a lease and had asked the private operator to take on more investment obligations while limiting tariff increases. Disagreements about investments and tariff levels led the negotiations to fail. The government promised to the World Bank that it would launch a bid for a new private sector contract, but it failed to do so. After an interim period with an interim management contract, the sector reverted to public management in 2003.
Impact of privatization.
Tariff increase.
Tariffs increased substantially, starting with an increase right at the beginning of the contract from 60 to 150 Guinean franc (GF)/m3 ($0.12/m3 to $0.25/m3). By 1994 the tariff had increased to 880 GF/m3 ($0.90/m3), having increased “far more quickly than originally planned”, according to the World Bank. The increased revenues were used to reduce government subsidies and to repay debt. In 1994 tariffs were frozen and due to inflation the real value of the tariff had declined to $0.63/m3 by 1999. Due to high levels of inflation real water tariffs declined to $0.21/m3 in 2005, which was below their level at the beginning of the lease contract.
Impact on the electricity sector and on water privatization in Senegal.
The government of Guinea decided to reform the electricity sector along the same lines as the water sector a few years after the water lease contract was signed. The electricity lease contract also was not renewed after it ended. 
The Senegalese government sent a fact-finding mission to Guinea in 1994 to assess the results of the reform. Subsequently it embarked on a national 10-year lease contract for water supply in Senegal. However, it learned from the mistakes in Guinea. For example, it made tariff increases conditional on a well-justified proposal based on a financial model showing that costs had increased. It also included incentives for the reduction of non-revenue water in the contract.

</doc>
<doc id="31023546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31023546" title="Disappears">
Disappears

Disappears is a rock band from Chicago formed in 2008. The band plays a mixture of shoegaze, krautrock and garage rock.
The band was formed by Brian Case (ex-90 Day Men) and Graeme Gibson and fleshed out with guitarist Jonathan Van Herik and bassist Damon Carruesco. They played Pitchfork Music Festival in 2009.
In 2010 their debut album "Lux" was released on Kranky Records. After their second album "Guider" was released in 2011, Steve Shelley of Sonic Youth joined the band and the band went on tour through the US and Europe.
Shelley left the group in 2012, citing touring scheduling conflicts. He was replaced by Noah Leger (Electric Hawk, Anatomy of Habit).

</doc>
<doc id="31023563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31023563" title="List of Golf Channel personalities">
List of Golf Channel personalities

The Golf Channel uses a number of people as broadcasters, hosts, and reporters for various annual events.

</doc>
<doc id="31023636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31023636" title="Ministry of Shipbuilding Industry">
Ministry of Shipbuilding Industry

People's Commissariat of the Shipbuilding Industry of the USSR ("Народный комиссариат судостроительной промышленности CCCP") - one of the central offices in the Soviet Union, the equivalent of the Ministry, which oversaw the production of shipbuilding.
January 11, 1939 the current People's Commissariat of Defence Industry of the USSR ("Народный комиссариат оборонной промышленности") was divided into several departments, including II Main Board responsibility for shipbuilding, transformed into the People's Commissariat of the Shipbuilding Industry.
Resort oversaw the work of 41 shipyards and manufacturing plants, also 10 design offices. In 1939 it employed 173,284 workers.
March 15, 1946 the office was renamed the Ministry of Shipbuilding Industry of the USSR ("Министерство судостроительной промышленности CCCP").
Headquarters.
Commissariat of the shipbuilding industry he was building (arch. О. W. von Dessin, build 1912-1916) of ex-Institute of Foreign Languages in the Petroverigsky lane ("Петроверигский пер.") 10. Three boards were placed in a 5-storey building at the end of the Rozhdestvenka St. ("Рождественка"). The phone book does not indicate the address of the Ministry.

</doc>
<doc id="31023656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31023656" title="Atlantis Diesel Engines">
Atlantis Diesel Engines

Atlantis Diesel Engineering (PTY) LTD is a South African manufacturer of diesel engines and engine components. The company's primary facility is located in Johannesburg, South Africa, with another agency in Lagos, Nigeria. Other group companies include Atlantis Diesel Engines/ ADE Part/ ADE Pronet.
History.
The company was started in 1979 by the government of South Africa following the imposition of sanctions by the United Nations Security Council. ADE was licensed in 1979 to manufacture Mercedes Benz and Perkins diesel engines primarily for military vehicles such as the Unimog, Ratel, Buffel, Casspir, Rooikat and SAMIL vehicles.
Currently.
After the 1994 democratic elections, the company continued and expanded production until it was taken over by the current shareholders. Operating from engineering facilities in Johannesburg, Cape Town and now also Lagos Nigeria, with the main focus on supplying the road & transport industry as well as the mining and defence (peace keeping) industry with new & reconditioned engines, parts, components, new sub assemblies and gearboxes including Atego/ Actros/ Axor/ ADE 300 & ADE 400 series, MAN & Bussing.
Atlantis Diesel Engineering (PTY) LTD or more commonly known as ADE, is a world renowned brand name with parts/ components & engines being manufactured and remanufactured in South Africa. Additional parts are also imported from our OEM manufacturers in Europe. Due to the quality of our products, customer service and our willingness to engage ourselves in joint ventures, we are now working in association with leading military, armored & mining industry vehicle manufacturers in South Africa. Our products are used on various applications for the United Nations and Africa Union Peace Keeping Forces. We are currently the leading and preferred supplier to the South African, as well as various other African Countries Transport Industries.
More Information And Contact Detail.
http://www.ade.wozaonline.co.za

</doc>
<doc id="31023674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31023674" title="2011 Malaysian Open – Doubles">
2011 Malaysian Open – Doubles

Chan Yung-jan and Zheng Jie were the defending champions, but both chose not to participate.<br> Dinara Safina and Galina Voskoboeva won in the final against Noppawan Lertcheewakarn and Jessica Moore, 7–5, 2–6, [10–5].

</doc>
<doc id="31023677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31023677" title="Magarha">
Magarha

The Magarha (also "al-Magarha") is a major Arab tribal group of Libya. The Magarha are Libya's second largest tribe, with an estimated 1 million members. They originate from Fezzan, though many have relocated to Sirte and elsewhere along the coast.
The Magarha, along with the Warfalla, have long formed an important alliance with Muammar Gaddafi, with many Magarha located in the upper ranks of Libya's government and security forces. Abdullah Senussi, Muammar Gaddafi's brother-in-law and the chief of military intelligence, is a Magarha.

</doc>
<doc id="31023689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31023689" title="Kim Dam-min">
Kim Dam-min

Kim Dam-Min (Hangul: 김담민, Hanja: 金潭民) (born February 6, 1995) is a short track speed skater who competes for South Korea.
Career.
In 2010, Kim was chosen by the South Korea national team at the age of 15. She won one gold, two silvers and four bronze medals at the World Cup. At the 2011 Asian Winter Games, she also won silver in 3000 m relay. She also won a gold medal at the 2011 World Team Championships in Warsaw.

</doc>
<doc id="31023695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31023695" title="List of Presidents of the Second Chamber of the Estates of Württemberg">
List of Presidents of the Second Chamber of the Estates of Württemberg

Presidents of the Second Chamber of the Estates of Württemberg

</doc>
<doc id="31023714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31023714" title="People's Commissariat of Arms of the USSR">
People's Commissariat of Arms of the USSR

People's Commissariat of Arms of the USSR ("Народный комиссариат вооружения СССР") - one of the central offices in the Soviet Union, the equivalent of the ministry, who oversaw production of the armaments industry.
January 11, 1939 the current People's Commissariat of Defence Industry of the USSR ("Народный комиссариат оборонной промышленности") was divided into several departments, among which was the People's Commissariat of Arms.
Resort oversaw the work of 28 manufacturing plants and eight design offices. In 1939 it employed 204,458 workers.
Resort played a leading role in the whole complex of arms which devotes major attention to the head of Lavrenty Beria. In 1946 the office was renamed the Ministry of Arms of the USSR ("Министерство вооружения СССР" - МВ).
Headquarters.
Ministry headquarters was located in Moscow at Gorky St ("ул. Горького") 85 (now Tverskaya St. - "Тверская"). The phone book does not indicate the address of the Ministry.

</doc>
<doc id="31023725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31023725" title="K-43 (Kansas highway)">
K-43 (Kansas highway)

K-43 is a state highway in the U.S. state of Kansas. The highway runs from K-4 in Hope north to Interstate 70 (I-70) and U.S. Route 40 (US-40) north of Detroit. The entire highway is located within Dickinson County. K-43 is maintained by the Kansas Department of Transportation (KDOT), and is a relatively minor highway. K-43 is not part of the National Highway System. The highway was established around 1932, with the northern terminus being the now decommissioned US-40S. In 1962, the route was extended north a bit to a new diamond interchange with I-70.
Route description.
K-43 begins at an intersection with K-4 at the northern city limit of Hope. The highway heads north for about before turning west and entering the small community of Navarre. The route crosses the BNSF Railway and turns to the north, continuing through flat farmland. The highway crosses the railway again before entering the city of Enterprise. In Enterprise, K-43 turns east along 5th Street, then north onto Factory Street. The highway curves northwest and crosses the BNSF Railway a third time before crossing the Smoky Hill River on a truss bridge constructed in 1924.
Upon crossing this bridge, K-43 leaves Enterprise. The route bends to the north and crosses the BNSF Railway a fourth and final time. Continuing north through level plains, K-43 meets a railroad operated by Union Pacific and comes to an intersection with its former northern terminus at an old alignment of US-40. At this intersection, the route turns to the northeast and travels through the community of Detroit before turning back to the north. North of here, K-43 meets its northern terminus at a diamond interchange with I-70 and US-40.
K-43 is maintained by the Kansas Department of Transportation (KDOT). The traffic numbers on the route in 2012, measured in annual average daily traffic, were relatively low compared to other state highways. Between 185 and 1900 vehicles traveled the highway each day, including between 30 and 95 trucks. The most traffic was present in the segment of the highway between Enterprise and Detroit. No segment of K-43 is included in the National Highway System, a system of highways considered to be important to the nation's defense, economy, and mobility.
History.
K-43 first appears on the 1932 state highway map. At that time it followed largely the same alignment it does today, running from K-4 in Hope to an intersection with what was then US-40S. Most of the road was dirt, but it was paved with gravel from Enterprise north to its northern terminus. By 1936, the whole route had been upgraded to gravel pavement. In 1945, the portion north of Enterprise was paved. The entire highway had been paved by 1956. In 1962, the highway was extended slightly to the north, moving its northern terminus from US-40 to an interchange with the newly constructed I-70. The route has not changed significantly since 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="31023727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31023727" title="The Sea of Naples">
The Sea of Naples

The Sea of Naples () is a 1919 silent Italian drama film directed by Carmine Gallone.

</doc>
<doc id="31023760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31023760" title="Charles Pillman">
Charles Pillman

Charles Henry "Cherry" Pillman MC (8 January 1890 – 13 November 1955) was an English rugby union international who played on 18 occasions for his country and was part of the first official British Isles team that toured South Africa in 1910. He played club rugby with Blackheath and county rugby for Kent. Pillman's speed and tactics made him one of the leading exponents of an attacking wing forward, now recognised as the flanker position.
Personal history.
Charles Henry Pillman was born in Bromley, England in 1890 to Joseph Charles and Mary Anna Pillman. He was educated at Tonbridge School and was a member of the London Stock Exchange. With the outbreak of the First World War he joined the 4th Dragoon Guards reaching the rank of Second Lieutenant. He was later Lieutenant in the Cavalry Special Reserve, attached to the Dragoon Guards. He was awarded the Military Cross in 1918. On 1 April 1920 he relinquished his commission and was granted the rank of Captain. During the Second World War he served as Area Flour Officer for South East Division.
Rugby career.
First internationals.
Charles "Cherry" Pillman first played rugby as a schoolboy for Tonbridge School, and on leaving joined first class club Blackheath. It was at Blackheath that Pillman developed his style of play that defined him as one of the greatest wing forwards of his generation. Pillman's tactical play which included the introduction of detaching himself from the pack when opponent's heeled the ball, attacking the opposing fly-half before passing movements could be initiated, brought him to the attention of the English selectors.
Pillman made his first appearance for the England national side in the opening match of the 1910 Five Nations Championship. The match was against Wales, who England had failed to beat in the last twelve years, and was the first international at the new home of English rugby, Twickenham. Pillman played an important role in an inexperienced pack, which saw England take an early lead which they defended stoutly in the later stages, winning the game 11–6. Pillman remained in the England side for the rest or the Championship, a draw against Ireland and wins over both France and Scotland, which saw him part of his first Five Nations winning team.
British Isles tour.
In the summer of 1910 Pillman was selected to tour South Africa with the British Isles team. Pillman's techniques and style drew much interest in South Africa, and he was carefully studied by the Springbok's team. The hard sunbaked ground suited his fast running play, and he was a first choice player for the touring British team.
His first game of the tour, played on 11 June, was against the South Western Districts side, which the British won 14–4. Despite not being a recognised kicker, Pillman was given that duty, and he scored his first points of the tour converting one of the team's four tries. Pillman was then selected for four matches against varying Western Province combination teams over eleven days. Pillman scored a try against Western Provonce County, a conversion and a penalty against Western Province Town and then a try and conversion against the full Western Province team. Leading up to the first Test against the South Africa national side, the British Isles played 16 games against regional and invitational teams, Pillman played in twelve of them, picking up 59 points. His twelfth game, played against Griqualand West on 23 July, would be Pillman's last until 20 August, missing seven games through injury. During that period he missed the first Test match against South Africa, which the tourist lost.
Pillman returned to the British team for the second Test. Played at Port Elizabeth, Pillman dominated the match, brought in at fly half. In an outstanding display he manufactured both the British tries and converted the second, earning his first international points. Such was the impact that Pillman had on the Test, that the South African captain Billy Millar later wrote:
"I assert confidently that if ever a man can have been said to have won an international match through his unorthodox and lone-handed efforts, it can be said of the inspired black-haired Pillman I played against on the Crusaders’ ground on 27 August 1903, when the "Rover" played as fly half, mark you, not as forward."
While Springbok's rugby legend Danie Craven stated that Pillman "must be looked upon as one of the originators of what became known as the loose forward."
Pillman was available for the third and final Test against the South African's but this time he was back in the pack. The tourists struggled losing 21–5, the British points coming from a Jack Spoors try which Pillman converted. He finished the tour as the tourist's top scorer with 65 points – six tries, three penalties and 19 conversions.
England career 1911 – 1914.
On returning to Britain, Pillman found himself back in the England team and he was selected for the opening game of the 1911 Five Nations Championship. Played away to Wales at St. Helen's, Pillman found himself on the losing side for the first time in his career, with Wales winning 15–11. Despite the loss, Pillman's place was secure and he held his position to face the first France team to play at Twickenham. The match was a sporting disaster for the French in a game remembered for Douglas Lambert's record 22 points. Pillman was also on the score sheet, scoring two tries from the forward position. England ended the tournament with an away loss to Ireland and a victory over Scotland, Pillman playing in both, to finish mid table in the Championship.
Pillman played only two games of the 1912 Championship. He was part of the opening game against Wales, which resulted in an 8–0 win, Pillman setting up the first try by Henry Brougham. Although missing the Ireland and Scotland encounters, he was back for the game against France. England won the game comfortably scoring four tries, one of which Pillman converted. England ended the tournament joint top with Ireland, giving Pillman his second Five Nations title.
1913 saw the second touring South African team come to Britain. On 4 January, England played South Africa at Twickenham and Pillman was selected to face the Springbok's for the third time. Although England took an early lead, the South Africa pack slowly gained dominance over their England counterparts, and took the lead in the second half. Pillman had a good game, stopping the South African wing, Jan Stegmann from scoring through a timely intercept. The game ended 9–3 to the tourists.
1913 was Pillman's most successful as an England player. He was a constant presence in the England pack throughout the 1913 Five Nations Championship, a campaign which saw England list their first Grand Slam title by beating all four opponents. Pillman was central to the England victory, scoring a try against Wales, two more against France and another in the match away to Ireland. If it had not been for Victor Coates, the Bath wing, who scored six tries, Pillman would have been his teams top scorer that year, and all from the forward position.
Pillman ended his international career, the next year, playing in three matches of the 1914 Five Nations Championship. In the opening game of the tournament against Wales, Pillman and Cambridge wing Cyril Lowe attacked the Welsh backs with sparkling runs, which put the Welsh under constant pressure. Pillman then set up a try for Bruno Brown, and followed this with his own try when Wales fumbled the ball near their own line. England won the game 10–9. This was followed by victories over Ireland and Scotland giving England their successive Triple Crown titles. Pillman scored his final international points in the win over Ireland, with a try started by a run in their own half from his captain, Ronald Poulton-Palmer. Pillman may have played in the final game of the Championship, a win over France, but he suffered a broken leg during the Scotland match. His place was taken by his brother, Robert Pillman, who gained his one and only cap in the encounter.
With the outbreak of World War I international rugby was halted, and Pillman never represented his country again.
Club career.
At club level, Pillman would play for just one team, Blackheath, throughout his career. With the end of World War I, Pillman returned to his club and was made captain for the 1919–20 season. With a lack of quality players caused by the events of the war, Pillman was central to rebuilding the Blackheath team, his popularity and patience with the younger members helping the club regain its high standing in club rugby.
As well as club rugby, Pillman played for invitational tourists the Barbarians, joining in the 1909/10 season and scoring a try in the 1911 encounter with Swansea. He also played county rugby for London Counties, playing alongside his brother Robert in a famous victory over the touring South Africans in 1912. As a captain in the British Army, he also represented the 'Mother Country' side that played in the King's Cup tournament in 1919. He was part of the team that lost to New Zealand Army at Inverleith.

</doc>
<doc id="31023761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31023761" title="Alberto Capozzi">
Alberto Capozzi

Alberto Capozzi (8 July 1886 – 27 June 1945) was an Italian film actor. He appeared in over 130 films between 1908 and 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="31023763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31023763" title="Department of Social Security (Australia)">
Department of Social Security (Australia)

The Department of Social Security (also called the DSS) was the government department in Australia, which administered the Social Security system. The Department existed between 1972 and 1998.
History.
The Department was one of several new departments established by the Whitlam Government, a wide restructuring that revealed some of the new government's program.
The Department's delivery of payments and services functions was taken over by Centrelink in 1997. The creation of Centrelink meant significant changes to DSS, with the Department shrinking in size to approximately 700 staff who were tasked with policy formulation and advisory functions. The Department was dissolved completely in October 1998 with the creation of the new Department of Family and Community Services, that took on all remaining DSS functions.

</doc>
<doc id="31023775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31023775" title="FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2011 – Men's team normal hill">
FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2011 – Men's team normal hill

The Men's team normal hill ski jumping event at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2011 was held 27 February 2011 at 15:00 CET. This event was last held at the 2005 championships in Oberstdorf and was won by the Austrian team of Loitzl, Andreas Widhölzl, Thomas Morgenstern, and Martin Höllwarth.

</doc>
<doc id="31023778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31023778" title="Fan">
Fan

Fan or fans may refer to:
Geology.
One of several types of fan-shaped deposits of sediment caused by the flow of streams or glacial melt:

</doc>
<doc id="31023811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31023811" title="Granville Female College">
Granville Female College

The Granville Female College was a historical women's college located in Granville, Ohio, United States. It was established in 1838 and closed in 1898. 
In 1867, the name of the Institution was changed to Granville Female College, the course of study was enlarged.
In 1923, John Sutphin Jones, a coal and railroad magnate, commissioned the construction of the Granville Inn, a historic English manor inn in the Jacobethan Revival style on the site of the Granville Female College.

</doc>
<doc id="31023812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31023812" title="Opel Astra 200t S">
Opel Astra 200t S

The Opel Astra 200t S was launched in South Africa in 1993. It was produced under licence by Delta Motor Corporation. 
However, the Opel Kadett 200t S name was retained for the Astra hatchback until 1999. The South African Astra included a variant with a 2.0 L turbocharged engine. 
The 200t S was a specific name, where Delta Motor Corporation wanted to show the specialty of the type, which could beat the M3 in a quarter mile in that time. The 200t S stands for: 200 for the displacement, t for the turbocharger and S for the six speed transmission, which was unique in its class at those ages.
Both engine and chassis were produced in limited numbers (350 only) at Opel's Hungarian factory at Szentgotthárd, from were delivered for final assembly to Port Elizabeth, South Africa. The engine (C20LET) in the Opel Astra 200t S was sourced from the Opel Calibra 2.0 16V turbo or the Opel Vectra A 4x4 2.0 16V turbo, 4 wheel drive found on European markets, but South African engineers converted the 6 speed, 4 wheeldrive drivetrain (Getrag F28) to front wheel drive only and as such was unique to that market.
The body differed from the regular Astra sedan. It featured the Astra GSi bodykit modified for the 4 door version. It also featured a boot lip spoiler designed by Steinmetz Opel-Tuning, Kohl automobile Vertriebs GmbH. But some people call it the irmscher spoiler, but it is different from the factory Astra 200t S one. The car was mounted on the 16 inch Calibra turbo alloy wheels.
Sedan was offered under the Astra 200t S name. Controversially, the Kadett and Astra in South Africa won the title of 'Car of the Year' in two consecutive years (1993 and 1994) even though they were versions of the same car. South African nomenclature was denoted in centilitres, so the Astra and Kadett ranges featured 140, 160i, 180i and 200i models.

</doc>
<doc id="31023820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31023820" title="Prospect Hill (New South Wales)">
Prospect Hill (New South Wales)

Prospect Hill (New South Wales) is a small hill about 30 kilometres west of central Sydney. It is stands up higher than the ridges of the Cumberland Plain around it and with steeper slopes, but not much higher and not much steeper. All the same it is enough of a hill to command attention and its summit affords a “goodly prospect” west to the Blue Mountains and east to the man-made landmarks of central Sydney. Its present-day highest point is 117 metres high, although before its summit was quarried away it rose to a height of 131 metres above sea level
The hill has historical significance as one of the first places in the fledgling colony of New South Wales where emancipated convicts were granted land to farm. For over 180 years quarrying of the volcanic rocks for roadstone and other building materials has been an important activity. For today's Australians it has historic significance, aesthetic values - it still has open space on and around 
it - and commercial values - there are extensive industrial and housing developments on its slopes.
People have walked round and over Prospect Hill for forty thousand years or more and have recognised it as a landmark, a meeting place and a boundary. It was known to local people as Mar-rong or Mur-rong in 1790. Prospect Hill is actually a roughly oval-shaped ridge, a bit like a caldera.
Geology.
Prospect Hill was made many million years ago when volcanic material from the Earth's core was thrust upwards and then sideways into joints in the layers of shales of the Cumberland Plain. It cooled into a thick disc of material and its heat changed the nature of the surrounding rock to produce a variety of minerals. It didn't quite reach the surface but pushed the surface rocks upwards to form a dome. Erosion then undermined the main mass of volcanic material and caused it to fall in on itself and create a shallow dish-shaped formation. This is referred to as a doleritic laccolith.
In a normal laccolith the intruded material has a flat lower surface and a convex upper surface so that it is more like half a lens in shape. However because of the collapse of the volcanic material combined with subsequent surface erosion, the Prospect Hill laccolith had a concave upper surface until modern times, when quarrying altered its shape. This has given rise to its description as "caldera-like" although it is not a true caldera, and explains why the Hill, although a laccolith (which is normally dome-shaped), is in fact dish-shaped. Thus Prospect Hill is neither a volcanic crater nor a caldera, since no volcanic material reached the surface of the earth. In a caldera, the collapse of the roof occurs during the volcanic period and is normally a much more explosive event.
The next stage of natural development, which has lasted over 60 million years, has been the slow erosion of the overlying layers of sedimentary rock by the flow of rainwater, which eventually laid bare the edges of the volcanic and metamorphic rocks of the intrusion.
Prospect Hill is a “nodal point” of the Cumberland Plain. Rain falling on its southern slopes flows into Prospect Creek and then via the Georges River into Botany Bay. The northern slopes drain into Girraween Creek and eventually into the Parramatta River and Port Jackson (Sydney Harbour). Close by to the west is Prospect Reservoir and beyond it, Eastern Creek flows north-west into the Nepean-Hawkesbury River, the mighty river that encircles Sydney forming the boundary of the Cumberland Plain and eventually flowing into the sea at Broken Bay.
History from 1789 to the present.
The first recorded ascent of Prospect Hill by a colonist is that of Captain-Lieutenant Watkin Tench and his party on 26 June 1789. While there is no documentary evidence of Tench having named Prospect Hill, there is no doubt that it is in fact the hill that was shortly afterwards known by that name. In view of Tench's literary allusions to Milton's Paradise Lost, it seems highly probable that the experience of climbing it reminded him of the "goodly prospect of some forein land first-seen" by Milton's scout and that it was indeed Tench who first named it.
Statements that Prospect Hill is the hill named Belle-Vue by Governor Arthur Phillip on its ascent by his expedition in April 1788 are unsubstantiated in contemporary record.
The earliest written reference to the name Prospect Hill is probably the account of an after-dinner walk from Parramatta to the hill by Governor Phillip and Lieutenant (later Governor) Philip Gidley King in April 1790. King's account shows that the name Prospect Hill had become established by then.
In 1791 Governor Phillip started granting plots of land (mostly 30 to 70 acres) to emancipated convicts. Some convicts had spent years in prison and prison ships in England before being transported. Some of those who were under seven-year sentences had therefore completed them. Thirteen grants of land at Prospect Hill were made in July 1791, ranging from 30 to 70 acres.
In 1799 Ensign William Cummings of the New South Wales Corps was granted 75 acres at Prospect Hill. A change in the interpretation of government policy in 1792 had opened the way for grants of land 
to officers of the New South Wales Marine Corps. Cummings was the first beneficiary of this change.
In 1808 William Lawson was granted 550 acres on the western slopes of the west ridge where he was to build his home Veteran Hall. He then bought Cummings' grant and it was here that his third son, Nelson Lawson built a magnificent home, Grey Stanes, on the crown of Prospect Hill. 
Early grazing practices cleared the entire hill of trees. Quarrying in the area began in the 1820s and by the latter part of the nineteenth century dolorite was being extracted from William Lawson’s estate on the west and north sides of the Hill.
Veteran Hall and its land were resumed when Prospect Reservoir was built as Sydney's main water supply in the 1880s. The Greystanes estate was eventually bought by quarrying interests. Prospect Hill was for many years the principal source of road-stone for the city's expanding infrastructure until the reserves of dolerite were exhausted.

</doc>
<doc id="31023824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31023824" title="Barrier Daily Truth">
Barrier Daily Truth

The Barrier Daily Truth (BDT) is the local newspaper for the mining town of Broken Hill in Australia.
The "Barrier Daily Truth" covers a range of stories that affect local residents, including industrial news relating to the mines and stories submitted by readers such as local sport stories. The paper also covers national news events of importance. It is owned by the Barrier Industrial Council and is one of the few small newspapers in Australia to remain locally owned.
History.
"The Barrier Truth" started in 1898 as a weekly English language news sheet. It was printed by Thomas Nicholls, for the proprietor Nicholas James Buzacott from 1898 to 1908. Initially it was printed in Adelaide until 10 September 1898 and it began to be printed locally in Broken Hill.
In 1899 the news sheet format was abandoned in favour of a proper newspaper, and in July 1899 the newspaper became owned by the Barrier District Australasian Labor Federation and was published by William Arthur Jones. At this time it became the official organ of the Barrier District Council of the Australian Labor Federation. Later the owner became the Barrier Industrial Council.
Between 1899 and 1902 the paper published very little other than local news and general Labour news. In 1902 a women's section was added to the paper, and sporting news and racing results were also included in the paper. This had the effect of doubling the paper's circulation in about nine months.
The paper changed its name to the "Barrier Daily Truth" in 1908 and Volume 1, number 1 under the new title was published on 2 November 1908. The masthead on that first issue reads: Barrier Daily Truth with which is incorporated the Barrier Truth, established 1898. At this time the paper also changed from a weekly to a daily publication.
Construction began on the building in which the "Barrier Daily Truth" currently resides on 31 October 1904. It was completed in February 1905 and a second story added in 1908. In the late 1970s the building was refurbished to house a modern offset press.
After the retirement of John Hudswell in 1999, David Pearce became editor, and after his retirement, Michael Murphy became edtor in 2013.
Digitisation.
Some issues of the paper published in 1908, and many issues published between 1941 and 1954 have been digitised as part of the Australian Newspapers Digitisation Program (ANDP), a project of the National Library of Australia in cooperation with the State Library of New South Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="31023832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31023832" title="Ministry of Agricultural Engineering">
Ministry of Agricultural Engineering

Ministry of Agricultural Engineering of the USSR, earlier known as the People's Commissariat of Munitions of the USSR ("Народный комиссариат боеприпасов" - НКБ), was one of the central ministries of the Soviet Government, who oversaw production of the armaments industry, mainly ammunition and explosives.
January 11, 1939 the current People's Commissariat of Defence Industry of the USSR ("Народный комиссариат оборонной промышленности") was divided into several departments, among which was the People's Commissariat of Munitions.
Resort oversaw the work of 53 production plants and 12 design offices, five construction companies, 5 universities and 11 technical schools. In 1939 it employed 337,141 workers.
January 7, 1946 the commissariat was renamed People's Commissariat of Agricultural Engineering of the USSR ("Наркомат сельскохозяйственного машиностроения CCCP"), before being transformed into a Ministry later that year.
Headquarters.
The seat was located in Moscow at Kirov St. ("ул. Кирова") 29 (now of Miasnickaya St. - "Мясницкая"). The phone book does not indicate the address of the Ministry.

</doc>
<doc id="31023846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31023846" title="John Shaw (baritone)">
John Shaw (baritone)

John William Shaw, AO OBE (12 October 192424 February 2003) was an Australian operatic baritone best known for his appearances at The Royal Opera, Covent Garden, where he spent 15 seasons.
Life and career.
Shaw was born in Newcastle, New South Wales, in 1924. Both his grandfathers were singers and he himself took an interest in singing at a young age, performing with his church choir and amateur musicals and concerts. In Melbourne he studied under Henri and Annie Portnoj and joined the Australian National Theatre Opera Company where he performed in dozens of small roles and gained stage experience.
In 1953, Shaw played the Secret Police Agent in the Australian debut of Menotti's "The Consul" and soon repeated the role at the Tivoli Theatre in Sydney. In 1955, the J.C. Williamson Italian Opera Company hired him to perform 13 major baritone roles during a tour of Australia and in the following year performed Don Giovanni and the Count in "The Marriage of Figaro" for the Elizabethan Theatre Trust, roles he would not repeat. With that company in 1957 he was to perform Iago in Verdi's "Otello" and Scarpia in Puccini's "Tosca", with Joan Hammond as Tosca and Desdemona. This gave Shaw the opportunity to perform at Covent Garden. His Covent Garden debut came in January 1958 in the title role of Verdi's "Rigoletto" and he was soon to perform Amonasro in Verdi's "Aida".
In 1967 he created the role of Smirnov in William Walton's "The Bear".
Shaw spent 15 seasons at Covent Garden and was best known for his performances as Amonasro, Tonio, Ford, Iago, Telramund, and Scarpia. He toured all over Australia, Europe, and the United States. He died in Sydney in 2003, aged 78.
Honours.
John Shaw was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire in 1977 on the recommendation of the Government of New South Wales. In 1986 he was appointed an Officer of the Order of Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="31023848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31023848" title="Ayyampatti">
Ayyampatti

Ayyampatti (pop. 350) is a village in the Sattur Taluk of Virudhunagar district, in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The village lies on the southern banks of Vaippar river.
Major industries include agriculture and match box manufacturing. There were ten match factories prior to 2000 but as of 2011, only five are functioning. Cottage industries also play a major role in the local economy.
Ayyampatti has one Panchayat unnion school, which offers education to the children.
The village has a community hall which is used for marriages and other functions.
Temples in Ayyampatti include Arulmigu Kaliamman Temple, Vinayagar Temple and Kannimari Amman Temple.
In the month of May, the villagers celebrate Kaliamman koil Vaikasi pongal. This is a three day festival in the second or third week of Vaikāci. As well, the Kannimari Amman festival is celebrated in the Tamil month of Puraṭṭāci.
During the kaliamman kovil festival we peoples of ayyampatti gather together and celebrate the pongal festival. On the first day of pongal - that is Tuesday - the grown mulaipari are taken to the temple and then religious procedures were performed. And after that the girls perform the kummi-dance of ancient tamils. The agnichatti which roams around the village for giving blesses to the Arulmigu Kaliamman Devotees along with the agnichatti the boys group called KING BOYS performs some dances in front of the agnichatti this is a single time enjoyment of us.All the guest who came to our village are very much willing to participate in this event but our village has some restrictions for our guest too for avoiding some quarrels and fighting between some social elements. On the second day i.e., Wednesday morning exactly at 4 am the ladies of ayyampatti gather in front of the Temple for making pongal after that sacrificing the goat to the goddess takes place. In the afternoon of Wednesday we celebrate MANJAL NEERATTU festival. for this we bring drums to rock the village and then we visit each and every street of the village and we apply manjal to mappillai and mamas to celebrate the festival and then that overs by the end of the day. at that night the boys of ayyampatti performs oyilattam and then followed by girls kummi.
On Thursday the various games are conducted and prizes are distributed. at night the dance group is arranged by the KING BOYS to entertain the village people and guests.

</doc>
<doc id="31023849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31023849" title="Persewangi Banyuwangi">
Persewangi Banyuwangi

Persewangi stands for Persatuan Sepakbola Banyuwangi ("en: Football Association of Banyuwangi"). Persewangi Banyuwangi is an Indonesian football club based in Banyuwangi, East Java. Club played in Liga Indonesia First Division.
Persewangi stadium named Diponegoro Stadium. Its location was in downtown Banyuwangi, East Java.

</doc>
<doc id="31023858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31023858" title="Solly">
Solly

Solly may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31023866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31023866" title="On with the Motley">
On with the Motley

On with the Motley () is a 1920 silent Italian drama film directed by Carmine Gallone.

</doc>
<doc id="31023896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31023896" title="Academic medicine">
Academic medicine

Academic medicine is the branch of medicine pursued by physicians who engage in a variety of scholarly activities. While the traditional role of clinical academics is to provide clinical care, do research, and teach, academics today may also spend some of their time in managerial and representative roles. The clinical workload varies, and a few academics may choose to abandon clinical medicine altogether. Every academic has a different work description, which is one of the many attractions of an academic career.

</doc>
<doc id="31023903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31023903" title="Double or Nothing (1971 novel)">
Double or Nothing (1971 novel)

Double or Nothing (1971) is a concrete novel by Raymond Federman originally published by Swallow Press, Chicago. It was the winner of the Frances Steloff Prize and The Panache Experimental Fiction Prize.

</doc>
<doc id="31023908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31023908" title="Persewon Wondama">
Persewon Wondama

Persewon stands for Persatuan Sepakbola Wondama ("en: Football Association of Wondama"). Persewon Wondama is an Indonesian football club based in Teluk Wondama Regency, West Papua. The club play in Liga Indonesia First Division.
Persewon are from an isolated part of West Papua. Because of the lack of playing facilities their climb from the Third to First Division has been made on the island of Java where training facilities and stadiums are more readily available.On Java island they have a large following who call themselves "Wondamania". There are plans to build a stadium in the West Papuan regency of Wondama Bay (Ind. Teluk Wondama) during 2011 and 2012. Their colours are Green and yellow striped shirts and green shorts.
Supporter.
Wondamania is supporter of Persewon.
Ground.
No Ground at present. Matches played in Java. Home ground for 2009 season in AAU Stadium, Yogyakarta For 2010 season shared Diponogoro Stadium in Banyuwangi with Persewangi.

</doc>
<doc id="31023913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31023913" title="Lute (material)">
Lute (material)

Lute (from Latin "Lutum", meaning mud, clay etc.) was a substance used to seal and affix apparatus employed in chemistry and alchemy, and to protect component vessels against heat damage by fire; it was also used to line furnaces. "Lutation" was thus the act of "cementing vessels with lute".
Uses.
Lute was commonly used in distillation, which required airtight vessels and connectors to ensure that no vapours were lost; thus it was employed by chemists and alchemists, the latter being known to refer to it as ""lutum sapientiae"" or the ""lute of Wisdom"".
The earthen and glass vessels commonly employed in these processes were very vulnerable to cracking, both on heating and on cooling; one way of protecting them was by coating the vessels with lute and allowing it to set. One mixture for this purpose included "fat earth" (terra pinguis), Windsor loam, sand, iron filings or powdered glass, and cow's hair. 
Another use for lute was to act as a safety valve, preventing the build up of vapour pressure from shattering a vessel and possibly causing an explosion. For this purpose, a hole was bored in the flask and covered with "luting" material of a particular composition, which was kept soft so that excessive build up of vapour would cause it to come away from the vessel, thus releasing the pressure safely. This process could also be performed manually by the operator removing and reaffixing the lute as required. Lute was also used to effect repairs to cracked glass vessels. In "The Alchemist’s Experiment Takes Fire", 1687, one alembic is exploding; the luting used to seal a receiving bottle to another alembic can be seen behind the alchemist's upraised arm. 
Lute was frequently applied to the joints between vessels (such as retorts and receivers), making them airtight and preventing vapour from escaping; this was especially important for more penetrating "spiritous" vapours and required a mixture that would set hard - such as a mix of quicklime and either egg white or size etc. However a stronger lute had to be used to confine acid vapours, and for this purpose fat earth and linseed oil were mixed to form ""fat lute"", which could be rolled into cylinders of convenient size, ready for use. Where the vapour was more "aqueous", and less penetrating, strips of paper affixed with sizing would suffice or "bladder long steeped in water".
Another related use for lute was for lining furnaces, and was described as far back as the 16th century by Georg Agricola in his "De re metallica".
Composition.
"Fat Lute" was made of Clay mixed with oil and beaten until it had the consistency of putty. It could be stored in a sealed earthenware vessel, which retained moisture and kept the material pliable. An alchemical writer of the 16th century recommended a lute made up of "loam mixed to a compost with horse dung" while the French chemist Chaptal used a similar mixture of "fat earth" and horse dung, mixed in water and formed into a soft paste.
"Linseed meal" or "Almond meal" could be made into a lute by mixing with water "or" dissolved starch "or" weak glue, and used in combination with strips of rag "or" moistened bladder; however, it was combustible which limited its range of applications.
"Lime" could be made into an effective lute by mixing it with egg white "or" glue; for sealing joints it was used in conjunction with strips of rag.
Linen rags mixed with paste, "or" strips of "Bladder" soaked in warm water, then coated with paste or egg white, also served as a lute.
"Fire Lute" was used to protect vessels from heat damage. It consisted of clay mixed with sand and either horse-hair "or" straw "or" tow (coarse, broken fibre of crops such as flax, hemp, or jute). It had to be allowed to dry thoroughly before use to be effective.
"Fusible lute" was used to coat earthenware vessels to ensure impermeability. A mixture of Borax and slaked lime, mixed with water into a fine paste, served this purpose.
"Parker's Cement", "Plaster of Paris" and "Fusible fluxes" (a clay and Borax mixture in 10:1 proportion, mixed to a paste in water) could all be used as lutes, rendering heat protection and air-tightness. Stourbridge clay mixed with water could withstand the highest heat of any lute.
"Hard cement" was also commonly used to join glass vessels and fix cracks; it was composed of resin, beeswax and either brick dust or "bole earth", or red ochre or venetian red. "Soft cement", made of yellow wax, turpentine and venetian red, was also used for repair.

</doc>
<doc id="31023932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31023932" title="List of international cricket centuries by Andrew Strauss">
List of international cricket centuries by Andrew Strauss

Andrew Strauss is an English cricketer, who plays as an opening batsman. He has captained the England cricket team in Test and One Day International cricket since 2009. He has scored centuries (100 or more runs in a single innings) on twenty-one occasions in Test cricket, and six times in One Day International (ODI) matches. In 2005, he was named as a "Wisden" Cricketer of the Year for his performances the previous year, in which he made his debut and, according to "Wisden"'s Jon Henderson, advanced "from tyro to stalwart". He was appointed as a Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in 2006 as part of England's 2005 Ashes winning squad. Five years later, he was again honoured for his Ashes achievements and was made an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) for his role as captain during the 2010–11 Ashes series.
Strauss made his Test cricket debut at the age of 27 after being called into the team to replace the injured Michael Vaughan. He scored a century in the first innings of the match, played against New Zealand at Lord's, his county home ground for Middlesex. In the second innings of the match he missed out on becoming the first England batsman to score centuries in both innings of his Test debut when he was run out on 83. His second Test century came in the first match of the series against the West Indies two months later, and was also scored at Lord's. The following English winter, Strauss scored three centuries during the Test series in South Africa, earning him the man of the series accolade, and high praise from Allan Donald, who said he had "never seen any visiting player bat as well, with so many match-winning performances". In 2008, he passed 150 for the first time in Test cricket, scoring 177 against New Zealand at McLean Park, Napier. The innings, his highest in Test cricket, is also the only time he has scored a Test century when not playing as an opening batsman for England. Strauss was named as England captain in 2009, and responded by passing 140 four times during the year, hitting centuries in three subsequent Tests against the West Indies, and scoring his highest total during an Ashes series against Australia, reaching 161 at Lord's.After a series of low scores, Strauss scored a century against the West Indies in the first match of the 2012 series, his first in a year and a half.
In ODI cricket, Strauss has scored six centuries during his career, the first of which came against the West Indies in 2004 at Lord's. He scored his second century the following season, reaching 152 against Bangladesh, at the time the third-highest total by an England batsman in ODIs. Strauss was dropped from the ODI side after the 2007 World Cup, but returned in 2009 when he was named as the national captain. He scored a patient century against the West Indies in the same year, but England's success without him at the 2010 World Twenty20 led to questions about whether his batting temperament was suited to one-day cricket. Over the subsequent year, Strauss scored three centuries, twice surpassing his previous highest total. He scored 154 against Bangladesh, and during the 2011 World Cup reached 158 during a tied match against India. His three scores in excess of 150 are all among the highest five by England batsmen in ODI cricket.

</doc>
<doc id="31023940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31023940" title="St Mary the Virgin's Church, Stonham Parva">
St Mary the Virgin's Church, Stonham Parva

St Mary the Virgin's Church, Stonham Parva, is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Stonham Parva, Suffolk, England. It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building, and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church is sited north of Ipswich, to the west of the A140 road.
History.
The nave and the chancel of the church date from the 14th century. A major remodelling of the church took place in the early 16th century. It was restored in the 19th century by E. F. Bishopp.
Architecture.
Exterior.
The church is constructed mainly in rubble which has been plastered, with freestone dressings. The tower is in unplastered flint rubble. Its plan consists of a nave with a clerestory, a south porch, a south chapel, a chancel, and a west tower. The tower, clerestory and chapel are Perpendicular in style. The tower has a polygonal southeast stair turret. The merlons of the parapet are decorated with flushwork tracery, and below the parapet is a frieze. At the corners are slender pinnacles. The nave has a battlemented parapet, and at the ends of the gables are crow-stepped parapets. The east window is in the style of the 14th century, but is a 19th-century restoration. All the other windows date from the early 16th century.
Interior.
The nave has a double hammerbeam roof in six bays. It contains carved human figures with their heads defaced. The chancel has an arch-braced collar-beam roof, which is decorated with carved angels. On the walls of the chancel are alcoves containing statues of Saint Peter, Saint Paul and the Four Evangelists. Also in the chancel is a piscina dating from the 15th or 16th century. At the west end of the church is a gallery from the early 18th century. The octagonal limestone font dates from the 15th century. Its stem is carved with lions, the bowl with emblems, and supporting the bowl are angels. On the wall of the nave are the Royal Arms of Queen Anne. Also in the nave is a wall tablet to the memory of Gilbert Mouse who died in 1622. It consists of an inscribed slate plate, with an alabaster surround decorated with memento mori images The two-manual organ was made in 1929 by J. Rayson and Son. There is a ring of five bells. The oldest bell was cast in about 1490 in the Bury St Edmunds foundry. The other bells were cast in 1617 by Miles Graye II, in 1729 by Richard Phelps, and in 1816 and 1817 by Thomas Mears II.

</doc>
<doc id="31023945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31023945" title="Dharma Ratna Yami">
Dharma Ratna Yami

Dharma Ratna Yami (Devanagari: धर्म रत्न यमि) (born Dharma Ratna Tuladhar) (18 August 1915 – 10 September 1975) was a Nepalese freedom fighter, author and government deputy minister known for his radical views on social mores. 
He changed his surname to Yami (meaning an inhabitant of Kathmandu in Nepal Bhasa) to avoid confusion with another Dharma Ratna when a Buddhist monk asked them which was which.
Early life.
Yami was born to father Bhawani Ratna and mother Devi Maya Tuladhar at Asan Kamalachhi (), Kathmandu. His was an affluent merchant family which was made penniless after the government confiscated their property for failing to fulfill a procurement contract. Yami was schooled at home. In 1930, he traveled to Lhasa and worked in the business house of Dharma Man Tuladhar. In Tibet, he came in contact with Mahapandit Rahul Sankrityayan; and under his influence and inspiration, he studied books on various subjects and began writing himself.
Political activities and imprisonment.
Returning to Kathmandu in 1937, he joined the democracy movement against the autocratic Rana regime. He was arrested in 1940 and sentenced to 18 years in prison and his property was impounded. Following his release after serving five years, he married Heera Devi Kansakar. On 15 August 1947, both Yami and his wife were arrested for organizing a meeting to mark India's independence from Britain. Yami's wife was freed after a few days while he remained in jail for six more months. 
In 1948, he became a founder member of the Nepal Democratic Congress Party which was for overthrowing the Rana regime by any means, including armed uprising. In 1950, it combined with the Nepali National Congress and became the Nepali Congress which launched an armed struggle against the Ranas. Yami was arrested again and spent 16 months behind bars. He was freed in February 1951 after the Rana regime was abolished and democracy established in Nepal.
In November 1951, the first government in Nepal led by a commoner prime minister was formed, and Yami was appointed Deputy Forest Minister by Prime Minister Matrika Prasad Koirala. According to Koirala, Yami was inducted into the cabinet at the insistence of King Tribhuvan because of his experience in Tibet and social work, and that somebody from the Buddhist community of the Kathmandu Valley should be included in it. 
Following the political changes in 1960 when parliament was dissolved and political parties were banned, he was put under house arrest for a few months at Shree Mahal. Yami was nominated to the Rastriya Panchayat (legislature) in 1962.
Social activist.
Yami was an outspoken nonconformist and challenged the social norms of the day like untouchability. He demanded in Parliament that laws related to caste and ethnicity be scrapped, but the proposal was rejected. In 1969, a year after his wife died, he remarried outside his caste a Bahun woman named Sabitri Devi Dahal. He also hired a woman from a so-called untouchable caste as a cook in his kitchen, an unthinkable act in those days. His radical social and political views have led his contemporaries like missionary Father Marshall D. Moran, SJ to describe him as the most informative and interesting person in Kathmandu. Yami died in Kathmandu in 1975 at the age of 60.
Publications.
Yami was a prolific and multilingual writer and has published 21 books including novels, epics and an anthology of poems in Nepal Bhasa, Nepali, English and Hindi. He has been jailed for his writings because the government found them subversive. Notable works:

</doc>
<doc id="31023955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31023955" title="Center for Middle Eastern Studies at Lund University">
Center for Middle Eastern Studies at Lund University

History.
The center for MIddle Eastern studies (CMES) was founded in 2007 on behalf of a new effort to conduct and coordinate research on the Middle East within Lund University.
SInce Lund University's foundation in 1666 Islamology and semitic languages (linguarum orientalium) have been taught, but no coordinated effort to focus research existed. In 2007 the center was inaugurated by Jordanian Price Hassan bin Talal and has since hosted internationally renowned scholars like Robert Fisk, Darius Rejali, Aaron David Miller, and Naomi Sakr.
Structure.
CMES functions both as an international hub for multidisciplinary research and an academic department, holding courses, open seminars and movie screenings that are attended by experts in their fields. The four core structures of CMES are:
Staff.
Visiting Researchers:
MA Program.
The MA program ran its first cycle during the fall of 2010. It is a two year (four-semester), program that offers a wide range of specialization within Middle Eastern Studies. The first semester is composed of compulsory courses in basic theory and multidisciplinary studies in relation to the Middle East. The second semester covers a wide range of elective courses (such as political structures, media, sociology, hydro-politics, and Islam) offering the students the possibility to focus their studies according to their interests. The third semester is an internship semester where the students are given the possibility to study at a different university like the American University in Beirut or intern somewhere in the Middle East. The fourth semester is composed of courses and work related to the MA thesis.
During the four semesters, students are offered Arabic classes in preparation for the third semester. Turkish and Persian language classes are also given. In addition to the language classes, several of the research projects (as well as the center itself) offer various types of internships, during the academic year of 2010-2011 about 10 internships were filled by the students of the MA program.
Students are also offered a subsidized membership in The Association of Foreign Affairs - UPF to help them engage in the student life of Lund.
Research Directions and Projects.
CMES has four general research directions, which are funded by the Swedish Research Council under the 'umbrella' project "The Middle East in the Contemporary World". A number of projects exist within the four major research domains.
Hydro politics, Security and International Law.
This project focuses on water management that aides in the prevention of conflicts that may arise from water-resources.
Migration and Mobility.
Covers three research projects (that were initiated in 2011), the projects are headed by Abdulhadi Khalaf and Petter Pilesjö while two of the projects concern the Gulf Cooperation Council area while the third covers the Iraqi part of Kurdistan:
Other Projects.
Within the center other research projects also exist:
Middle East Critique.
The Center for Middle Eastern studies bought Middle East Critique in 2010. Former Bates professor Eric Hooglund is the editor-in-chief and founder of the journal. The journal was first published in 1992. Students in the MA program are offered internships within the journal to help them increase their knowledge and experience of academic research.

</doc>
<doc id="31023964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31023964" title="Persas Sabang">
Persas Sabang

Persas stands for Persatuan Sepakbola Sabang ("en: Football Association of Sabang"). Persas Sabang is an Indonesian football club based in Sabang, Weh Island, Aceh. Club played in Liga Indonesia First Division.

</doc>
<doc id="31023974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31023974" title="Arab Socialist Union (Egypt)">
Arab Socialist Union (Egypt)

The Arab Socialist Union ( "") was an Egyptian political party based on the principles of Nasserist Arab socialism.
Emergence.
The Arab Socialist Union was founded in Egypt in December 1962 by Gamal Abdel Nasser as the country's sole political party. The ASU grew out of the Free Officers Movement of the Egyptian Revolution of 1952. The party's formation was just one part in Nasser's National Charter. The Charter set out an agenda of nationalisation, agrarian reform, and constitutional reform, which formed the basis of ASU policy. The programme of nationalisation under Nasser saw seven billion Egyptian pounds of private assets transferred into the public sector. Banks, insurance companies, many large shipping companies, major heavy industries and major basic industries were converted to public control. Land reforms saw the maximum area of private land ownership successively reduced from 200 to 100 feddans. A 90% top rate of income tax was levied on income over ten thousand Egyptian pounds. Boards of directors were required to have a minimum number of workers, and workers and peasants were guaranteed at least half of the seats in the People's Assembly. The Charter also saw a strong assertion of Arab nationalism, within the context of historical Egyptian nationalism. 
Post-Nasser period.
After Nasser's death in 1970, Anwar Sadat quickly moved away from his radical socialist position. This was demonstrated clearly in 1974, with Sadat's "Infitah", or "Open Door", economic policy, which allowed the emergence of a modern entrepreneurial and consumerist society. Then, in 1976, the beginning of political pluralism allowed three political "platforms" — left, centre and right — to form within the Arab Socialist Union. In 1978, the platforms were allowed to become fully independent political parties, and the ASU was disbanded. Many of today's political parties in Egypt have their origin in the breakup of the ASU.
The Arab Socialist Union goals at that point reflected the following:
Demise.
Following the 1967 War and massive demonstrations in February and October 1969, Egypt was in a state of political turmoil, leading to raising calls for granting citizens more democratic rights and demanding self-expression for political affiliations.
Following assuming office in 1970, late president Anwar Sadat adopted the slogans of rule of law and the institutional state. In August 1974, Sadat put forward a working paper to revamp the Arab Socialist Union. In July 1975, the Arab Socialist Union's general conference adopted a resolution on establishing political forums within the union for expression of opinion in accordance with basic principles of the Egyptian Revolution. In March 1976, president Sadat issued a decree allowing three forums to represent the right wing (the Liberal Socialist Organization), the center wing (Egypt Arab Socialist Organization) and the left wing (the National Progressive Unionist Organization).
These forums were later transformed into parties, forming today's Egyptian major political parties. During the first meeting of the People's Assembly on November 22, 1976, president Sadat declared the three political organizations turned into parties. 
In June 1977, the law of political party was enacted, allowed the existence of several political parties and demonstrated the shift to a multi-party system. However the ratification of this law had not meant cancellation of the Arab Socialist Union, rather it had given the Union more powers to allow party formation.
The centre wing of the ASU evolved into the National Democratic Party, which was the nation's dominant (and de facto only) party until the 2011 Egyptian revolution. The left wing became the National Progressive Unionist Party, which remains a player on the Left of Egyptian political spectrum, while the right wing became the Liberal Socialists Party which survives as a less significant player on the scene.

</doc>
<doc id="31023975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31023975" title="Egyptian Air Force ranks">
Egyptian Air Force ranks

Egyptian Air Force ranks:

</doc>
<doc id="31023980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31023980" title="Samantha Shapiro">
Samantha Shapiro

Samantha "Sami" Shapiro (born May 18, 1993, in Santa Monica, California) is an American gymnast. She is a five-time member of the USA Gymnastics National Team.
Personal life.
Shapiro attended Windward School in Los Angeles and graduated in June 2011. Her parents are Brent and Abbe Shapiro. Her sister, Nicki is also a gymnast.
Gymnastics.
Though she was competing at an International level in 2008 and was a top-ranked junior national team member, she was 5 months too young to be eligible for the 2008 Olympic Team.
She trains at All Olympia Gymnastics Center, or AOGC, in Los Angeles with fellow National Team member Mattie Larson.
Junior career.
Samantha first qualified for Junior International Elite in 2006 at age 13, when she finished 4th All-Around at the US Classic in Kansas, and competed in the US National Championships later that year finishing 13th. In 2007 she returned and won Gold on the Balance Beam and Silver in the All-Around competition, Uneven Bars and Floor Exercise.
In 2008, she returned to the VISA Championships to regain her title on the Balance Beam, and also took the Gold on the Uneven Bars, coming 2nd in the All-Around again. She was chosen to join some of the Senior Elite National team to go to the Pacific Rim Championships in San Jose, where she performed well on all 4 events helping the US Team win the Gold, and winning Gold on Uneven Bars and Silver in the All-Around competition. Most memorably, her performance on the floor exercise during the Team Competition was notable when the music cut out as she began her first pass. Seemingly unfazed, she continued her exhibition through to the end as the US team cheered her on and the arena began rhythmically clapping.
Senior career.
In the fall of 2008, Samantha competed in the Pan American Gymnastics Union Championships where she won Gold on Beam and the Uneven Bars. In March 2009, Samantha represented the U.S. at the Montreal World Cup where she sustained a broken foot in training but persevered to win Gold on Uneven Bars. Injuries kept Samantha from competing for most of 2009 and 2010, but she resurfaced as a Senior Elite in 2010 qualifying at the US Classic 4th on Balance Beam and Floor Exercise. She fell and injured herself on Vault attempting a 1.5 Yurchenko, and had to be assisted off the podium. Despite this, she returned to the VISA Championships competing as a Senior and finished 7th on Beam and the All-Around and 5th on the Floor Exercise. Samantha earned a spot on the USA National Team for the 5th consecutive year.
In 2010 Shapiro announced her intentions to commit to joining the Stanford Gymnastics Team. In 2011, Samantha graced the cover of Inside Gymnastics' 50 Most Photogenic issue as a tribute to the artistry and grace she presented in her years as an international elite gymnast.
NCAA career.
In 2011, Samantha retired from elite level gymnastics to compete for Stanford Cardinal's women's gymnastics team. In the 2012 season, Samantha earned the First-Team All-American honor and finished as runner-up on the uneven bars at the NCAA National Championships in Duluth, Georgia. Samantha also was named a Scholastic All-American as selected by the National Association of Collegiate Gymnastics Coaches/Women capping off a successful Freshman year. As a sophomore, Samantha earned academic honors including the Scholastic All-American honor for the second year along with receiving an Honorable Mention citation for the 2013 PAC-12 All-Academic Team. In Samantha's junior year, she capped off a successful season at the NCAA National Championship's in Birmingham, Alabama, again earning the First-Team All-American honor and finishing as runner-up on the uneven bars. On the road to nationals, Samantha was co-winner of the Regional title on the uneven bars with a 9.95 at the NCAA Baton Rouge Regionals. During the season, Samantha also earned Pac-12 Conference honors including being named to the Pac-12 All Academic Second Team and claiming Second Team honors on uneven bars for the 2014 All-Pac-12 Women's Gymnastics Team.

</doc>
<doc id="31023985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31023985" title="Ezra Bartlett">
Ezra Bartlett

Ezra William Bartlett (26 September 1861 – 16 March 1942) played first-class cricket for Somerset in 1894 and 1895. He also played for Somerset in 1886 and 1889, when the county team was not considered first-class. He was born at Doncaster, Yorkshire and died at Taunton, Somerset.
Bartlett was a lower-order batsman, but it is not known whether he batted right- or left-handed. In a non-first-class match against Staffordshire in 1889 and in his first first-class match in 1894 against Kent he kept wicket. But in five other games in 1895 he played as a batsman, though he bowled six overs of unknown style in one match. His highest score was 40, made in the second innings of the home match against Hampshire in 1895, which Somerset lost narrowly. 
His obituary in "Wisden Cricketers' Almanack" in 1943 records that he was employed by the Post Office and that he was a prominent player and administrator at Taunton Cricket Club.

</doc>
<doc id="31024001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024001" title="Persebi Bima">
Persebi Bima

Persebi stands for Persatuan Sepakbola Bima ("en: Football Association of Bima"). Persebi Bima is an Indonesian football club based in Bima, Sumbawa, West Nusa Tenggara. Club played in Liga Indonesia First Division.

</doc>
<doc id="31024007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024007" title="Dean Saunders (singer)">
Dean Saunders (singer)

Dean Saunders (born in London on 9 January 1981) is a Dutch singer. On 22 January 2011, he won in 2011 the Dutch version of "Popstars" in its third season in 2010-2011.
Career.
He is the older brother of Ben Saunders who had won on 21 January 2011, just one day prior to Dean's win, the first ever title of the music competition "The Voice of Holland". 
Both Dean and his younger brother Ben started applying to talent competitions early like for the series "Daddy's Wish". They also took part in 1998 in "Life is like a box of chocolates" program.
1998-2003: Follow That Dream.
In 2000, Dean and Ben Saunders both took part in RTL 4's "Alles voor de band: Follow that dream". They were part of the band Follow That Dream (F.T.D.) (that included besides the two brothers Vanessa Eman, Rosa Vuik, Linda van Toornburg and Peter van der Meer. The band was signed to Dino Music record label.
Their debut single the self-titled "Follow That Dream" was released in November 2000 reaching #25 in the Dutch Top 40. 6 months later, the band split after the great popularity of the rival "Starmaker" show.
2003: Eurovision Song Contest entry.
On February 15, 2003 the Saunders brothers took part in the 2003 Dutch "Nationaal Songfestival", a Dutch national music pre-selection contest for qualification to Eurovision Song Contest to be held in Riga, Latvia. They performed the song "Stand As One" in the third heat under the name "The Brothers" getting just 10 points and finishing with 3% of the popular vote as seventh out of 8 participants.
2010-present: Popstars.
In 2010 he applied for the "Popstars" competition winning the title on 22 January 2011 against the runner-up Simone Nijssen. He got 60% of the popular vote. He released his winning song "You and I Both" originally by Jason Mraz as his debut single.
Personal life.
Dean Saunders was born in England in 1981. He moved to the Netherlands in 1986 when he was just 5. He resides in Hoorn.
Discography.
Albums.
2000: "The Album" on Dino Music

</doc>
<doc id="31024016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024016" title="Brian Magee (cricketer)">
Brian Magee (cricketer)

Brian Robert Boyd Magee (4 May 1918 – May 2006) was a Canadian cricketer. Magee was a left-handed batsman who bowled left-arm medium pace. He was born in Toronto, Ontario.
Educated at Radley College in Oxfordshire, England, Magee made a single first-class appearance for Canada in 1954 against Yorkshire at North Marine Road Ground, Scarborough during Canada's 1954 tour of England. In Canada's first-innings, he scored 3 runs before being dismissed by Fred Trueman and in their second-innings he scored 13 runs before being dismissed by Johnny Wardle. With the ball he took a single wicket, that of England Test cricketer Willie Watson. In Canada, he also played three matches for Ontario between 1949 and 1952, all against Manitoba. None of these matches held first-class status.
He died in the city of his birth in May 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="31024025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024025" title="Christopher of Baden-Durlach">
Christopher of Baden-Durlach

Christopher of Baden-Durlach (9 October 1684, Karlsburg Castle, Durlach – 2 May 1723, Karlsruhe) was Prince and (titular) Margrave of Baden-Durlach.
Christopher was the son of Margrave Margrave Frederick Magnus of Baden-Durlach and Augusta Maria of Schleswig-Holstein-Gottorf (born February 6, 1649 – † April 25, 1728), daughter of the Duke Frederick III of Holstein-Gottorp.
He was the brother of the reigning from 1709 Margrave Charles III William, who reigned from 1709 till 1738.
Marriage and descendants.
On 4 December 1711, Christopher of Baden-Durlach married with Marie Christine Felizitas of Leiningen-Heidesheim (born December 30, 1692 – died June 3, 1734), the daughter of Count John Charles of Leiningen-Dagsburg and Countess Johanna Magdalene of Hanau-Lichtenberg. The couple had the following children:
After Christopher's early death, his widow married Duke John William III of Saxe-Eisenach in 1727. She was his fourth wife.
Since two of his sons married morganatically and one remained single, this branch of the family could not contribute to the preservation of the House of Baden-Durlach, when the conflicts began over the legitimacy of the descendants of Grand Duke Charles Frederick from the morganatic marriage to Luise Karoline of Hochberg.
See also.
List of rulers of Baden

</doc>
<doc id="31024027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024027" title="Rupel Pass">
Rupel Pass

The Rupel Gorge or Rupel Pass (; ) is a steep river valley in the northern part of Central Macedonia, immediately south of the Greek-Bulgarian border. It was formed by the Strymon River, which stems from the Vitosha mountains and flows into the Aegean Sea. The gorge is rich in biodiversity which may be endangered by the project to build the Motorway 25 which is a part of European route E79. Strymon enters from Bulgaria into Greece west of village Promachonas, going through Roupel Pass, that it opened up, between the mountains Belasica and Orvilos. To this point, because of a sudden change of incline of the ground, Strymon looses his dash and splits into two branches. The west branch goes to lake Kerkini and then flows southeast where he joins again the east branch near to village Lithotopi.

</doc>
<doc id="31024052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024052" title="Accident Towing Services Act">
Accident Towing Services Act

The Accident Towing Services Act 2007 (the Act) is a law enacted by the Parliament of the State of Victoria, Australia. The Act is the prime statute regulating the vehicle towing industry which provides towing and recovery services for light and heavy road vehicles across Victoria. It is predominately founded on safety and consumer protection sentiments. The Act continued economic controls over the industry and contains occupational regulation characteristics. The style of the underlying regulatory scheme varies in parts and represents a blend which is prescriptive in some parts and performance and process-based in others.
The Accident Towing Services Act was the first dedicated statute regulating Victoria's towing industry and replaced provisions in the former Transport Act 1983. The Act generally strengthened the scheme of regulation for accident towing activity in Victoria and, at the same time, deregulated trade towing industry controls. In essence, towing vehicles damaged in a road accident and the individuals working in that sector are subject to tight controls while trade towing activities such as breakdown towing have few controls.
The Accident Towing Services Act was passed by the Victorian Parliament on 17 July 2007 and commenced on 1 January 2009. The Act was developed as part of the Transport Legislation Review conducted by the Department of Transport and is aimed at promoting the safe, efficient and timely provision of towing and related services particularly following road accidents. 
The Act forms part of the transport policy and legislation framework in Victoria headed by the Transport Integration Act. As a result, the application of the Accident Towing Services is subject to the overarching transport system vision, transport system objectives and decision-making principles set out in the Transport Integration Act. 
The responsible Victorian Government Minister for the Accident Towing Services Act is the Minister for Roads.
Objectives.
The stated objective of the Accident Towing Services Act is twofold. First, the Act seeks to promote the safe, efficient and timely provision of accident towing and related services. Second, the Act seeks to ensure that the persons who provide accident towing services are of appropriate character. 
The Act is also aimed at ensuring that the persons in the industry are technically competent to provide accident towing services. The statute also requires that those persons act with integrity and in a manner that is safe, timely and efficient when providing the services. Emphasis is also placed on the need for regard to be had to vulnerable persons in recognition of the shock and trauma that typically afflicts persons involved in road accidents.
Outline.
The scheme in the Accident Towing Services Act broadly sets economic, occupational and general consumer protection controls over the accident towing industry in Victoria. 
First, the statute enables maximum numbers of accident towing vehicles to be set across the State through licensing controls and also facilitates the orderly allocation of tow trucks to road accident sites. Second, the Act sets mimimum standards on the character of industry participants and regulates the behaviour of the participants once they enter the industry.
The framework of offences in the Act broadly seeks to give practical effect to the "chain of responsibility" concept in the accident towing sector. The concept seeks to identify the industry parties who are in a sufficient position of control over risks, in this case potentially unsafe and unethical conduct following road accidents, and to allocate responsibility through law accordingly in order to deter and punish those behaviours in the interest of a safe, clean and efficient industry.
The behavioural controls in the Act cover a wide range of activities and practices including the systematic allocation of tow trucks to accident sites in "controlled areas" and conduct at road accident sites and during post accident repair work. 
The scheme was broadly prompted by consumer protection sentiment, in particular, the recognition of the vulnerability of road accident victims. Care was evident during the development of the scheme to maintain and enhance existing character standards in the accident towing sector due to behavioural issues in Victoria in the past including the infiltration of criminal elements into some areas of the industry and resultant "predatory towing" activities.
Summary.
In broad terms, the Accident Towing Services Act regulates the accident towing industry in Victoria by -
Parts.
The Accident Towing Services Act is divided into eight parts - 
Coverage.
The Accident Towing Services Act regulates the accident towing services sector in Victoria. The statute defines the sector as the service of operating tow trucks for the purposes of towing vehicles to places following road accidents or towing for the purposes of clearing road accident scenes.
Licensing.
Operators.
Part 4 of the Accident Towing Services Act establishes a licensing scheme for accident tow trucks. The Act makes it an offence for a person to operate a tow truck for accident towing purposes unless the person who provides the service has a "regular tow truck licence". In addition, the person must operate the truck from a depot specified in the licence and must hold a towing operator accreditation. The tow truck must be registered and be capable of being used for towing services activity.
Drivers.
It is an offence under the Act for a person to drive an unlicensed accident tow truck or a tow truck that is inacapable of being used in accident towing work (for example, a tow truck cannot be incapable of towing generally or incapable of towing a vehicle which has a gross vehicle mass of less than 4 tonnes).
Licensing offences - accident scenes.
Prohibitions exist in the Act against tow trucks attending accident scenes unless the vehicle is licensed. The offence does not apply if the vehicle attends for the purposes of salvage work only and will not therefore be involved in the act of towing the vehicle from the road accident scene.
Issue of licences.
Decision to issue.
The Act positions VicRoads as the prime agency able to issue both regular and heavy accident towing licences. However, authorisation to issue licences must be obtained first from the Minister who is conferred with power by the Act to authorise the issuing of regular tow truck licences for particular areas of the State. The Minister can only make such an authorisation if she or she considers it to be in the public interest having regard to any increase in the need for tow trucks in the relevant area. Alternatively, the authorisation can be made if the licences are to replace existing licences or exceptional circumstances justify the issue of new licences. Similar tests apply to the Minister's decision about the numbers of heavy tow truck licences which are to be made available. 
Special rules apply to the issue of regular and heavy tow truck licences used for the provision of accident towing services on the CityLink and EastLink toll roads. Ministerial authorisations for the issue of licences must be published in the Government Gazette and must specify the number of licences to be issued.
Issuing process.
Management of the tow truck licensing process under the Act is the responsibility of VicRoads, Victoria's prime road management and safety agency. VicRoads is required to issue a public notice advising of the towing licences to be issued, list the procedures to be followed, and state whether the price is to be determined by fixed price or tender and provide other details. Designated procedures apply during the issuing process.
Tow truck operation offences.
Part 2 of the Act provides a number of criminal offences relating to the operation of accident tow trucks. The offences include -
Members of the Victoria Police and VicRoads' authorised officers are given power under the Act to direct a person to leave a restricted road accident site area (an area within a 500 metre radius of an accident damaged vehicle) if the person is causing an unwarranted obstruction to traffic, hindering efforts to attend to any injured persons or damaged property or is otherwise hindering or obstructing the orderly towing of a motor vehicle from a road accident site. A direction may be given to a tow truck driver, the holder of a tow truck licence or a person engaged in vehicle repair work or persons acting on behalf of those persons. It is an offence to fail to comply with a direction.
Other relevant provisions.
VicRoads is empowered under the Act to attach conditions to the tow truck licences it issues. Breach of a condition is an offence. A tow truck licence is specified to be the property of the holder of the licence. Despite this, licence holders are prohibited from assigning or renting the licence to another person. Licences are, however, able to be transferred to other persons whereupon special procedural requirements apply. 
The Act provides capacity for VicRoads to cancel or suspend tow truck licences if operators fail to comply with licence conditions or do not comply with a provision of the Act or other relevant Acts such as the Road Safety Act 1986.
Accreditation.
Industry management.
Part 3 of the Accident Towing Services Act makes provision for an accreditation scheme for management participants in the accident towing industry. A person must not conduct an accident towing service business or be the manager of an accident towing depot unless the person holds an accredtitation issued by VicRoads. Part 3 contains provisions relating to the mechanics of these schemes including VicRoads' powers to issue accreditation. The Part also contains a scheme which seeks to regulate character requirements as part of the accreditation process particularly through the specification of a range of criminal offences which, if they form part of an applicant's background, can result in mandatory or discretionary refusal of accreditation by VicRoads. The Part also enables VicRoads to attach conditions to an accreditation. In addition, the Part confers power on the Minister to set service standards to be met by holders of accreditation. The standards may cover matters such as complaints handling and the provision of information to VicRoads relating to complaints.
The Part also contains power for VicRoads to take disciplinary action against an accredited person if VicRoads is satisfied that the person has contravened the Act, committed a listed offence, contravened a condition of a tow truck licence or an accreditation or if the action is appropriate having regard to the objective of accreditation. The disciplinary action that may be taken by VicRoads includes suspension or cancellation of accreditation, a direction that the person must undergo training or at the giving of a warning. 
The Victorian Civil and Administrative Tribunal is given power by the Act to review decisions made by VicRoads under Part 3 including in relation to refusal of accreditation and cancellation.
Tow truck drivers and trainees.
Drivers.
Part 4 of the Accident Towing Services Act contains provision for a tow truck driver accreditation scheme. The scheme is similar to the scheme set out in Part 3 for management participants in the accident towing industry. For example, it is an offence for a person to drive an accident tow truck or to accompany the driver of an accident tow truck unless the person holds an accreditation issued by VicRoads. Power exists in the Part for VicRoads to suspend a tow truck driver accreditation without a show cause process if VicRoads believes on reasonable grounds that the action is in the public interest.
Trainees.
Provision is also made under Part 4 of the Act for VicRoads to issue a tow truck driver trainee permit, a permission which enables a person to accompany a tow truck driver for the purposes of being trained as a driver or to gain knowledge of the towing industry.
Other key provisions.
Part 5 of the Act contains a range of provisions which are integral to the accident towing regulation scheme.
Authority to tow.
A tow truck driver is prohibited from towing a vehicle from a road accident accident scene unless the driver has obtained an authorisation to tow that vehicle. Strict conditions apply to the issue and carriage of an authority to tow. The driver is obliged to tow the vehicle to the place specified in the authority.
Offences at accident scenes.
Conduct at accident scenes is tightly regulated by the Act. For example, any person at an accident scene or at any time between the time the vehicle is towed from an accident scene and the time when the vehicle is first stored must not tout or solicit for the business of repairing the vehicle or offer or seek to reach an agreement about a quotation or the repair of the vehicle. Persons are also prohibited from touting or soliciting for the towing or storage of a damaged vehicle at an accident site or attempting to reach an agreement in respect of such matters.
Storage and repair of damaged vehicles.
The storage and repair of vehicles damaged in road accidents is tightly controlled by the Act.
Storage.
The vehicle must be towed to the place specified in the authority to tow and be stored in a secure area. Tow truck licence holders are required to provide a written notice stating the charges which apply to the storage of the vehicle. Persons are prohibited by the Act from receiving payment to obtain repair work or as payment for hand over of an accident damaged motor vehicle to another person for that purpose.
Repair.
The Act also contains a number of obligations on vehicle repairers. A person must not commence or carry our repair work on an accident damaged motor vehicle without approval in writing. If work commences without authority the person conducting the work is unable to take legal action to commence any sum or charge relating to the work or any quote prepared in relation to the work. 
The Act also gives owners of damaged motor vehicles the benefit of a "cooling off period" in recognition that they may have made an arrangement for repair of the vehicle following an accident without the opportunity to think clearly about the matter due to trauma or shock. The owner of the vehicle is therefore given three working days after signing an agreement to repair an accident damaged motor vehicle to terminate that agreement and without the owner being liable for costs. 
The Act also makes it clear that the owner of an accident damaged motor vehicle is not liable for repairs to the vehicle which are conducted at a place other than that nominated in the authority to tow. Finally, it is an offence for a person in control of the place where an accident damaged motor vehicle was towed to refuse to release a vehicle or to frustrate or obstruct its release. It is, however, a defence if the vehicle owner authorised work on the vehicle and towing or storage charges are outstanding. 
Special requirements apply to repairers in relation to accident towing services in a controlled area. A repairier cannot begin a quote for repairs without confirming details with the allocation body. Other paperwork requirements are also set out in the Act in relation to repairs relating to tows in the controlled area.
Controlled and self-management areas.
Controlled areas.
The strictest controls in the Accident Towing Services Act affect the capacity of accident tow trucks to operate in particular areas apply in relation to ""controlled areas"", basically most of the areas of the cities of Melbourne and Geelong where behavioural problems in the industry have been greatest in the past. 
VicRoads is given power under the Act to declare controlled areas for the purposes of the Act and to appoint a person or body to act as the allocation body for those areas. A licence holder and driver commits an offence if the persons attend an accident scene in a controlled area or tow or attempt to tow a damaged vehicle unless the allocation body has authorised attendance at the accident scene and the towing activity. Each accident tow truck licence entitles the holder of the licence to one place on the roster if a specified depot is attached to the licence. A roster entitlement is not able to be transferred to another operator.
Self management areas.
The areas of Victoria outside of the controlled areas are called self-management areas. Licence holders are unable to attend accidents in self-management areas and conduct tows in those areas unless authorised under the Act. VicRoads is given power under the Act to declare self-management areas for the purposes of the Act.
Enforcement.
Enforcement-related provisions supporting the Accident Towing Services Act scheme are set out in Part 6 of the Act. The Act can be enforced by officers of the Victoria Police and authorised officers appointed by VicRoads. The enforcement scheme centres on provisions enabling the appointment of authorised officers, the conferral of certain coercive powers and the availability of a range of administrative and court-based sanctions.
Key elements.
The key elements of the enforcement scheme are - 
Codes of practice.
Part 7 of the Act makes provision for the Minister to approve codes of practice for the purpose of providing practical guidance under the Act. Compliance with a codes of practice can act as a safe habour for persons in the towing industry although failure to comply with a provision in a code does not create any criminal or civil liability.
Miscellaneous.
Part 8 of the Act contains a number of miscellaneous provisions relating to the accident towing services scheme. Subjects dealt with in the part include -
Responsible regulator.
The responsible regulator for the application, administration and enforcement of the Accident Towing Services Act in Victoria and therefore for the regulation of the accident towing industry is the Roads Corporation or VicRoads. VicRoads took over this responsibility from the Victorian Taxi Directorate, a business unit located in the office of the Director of Public Transport attached to the Department of Transport, in late 2006 during the final stages of the development of the Act proposal. The transfer of responsibility occurred after the creation of a new Ministry of Roads and Ports which separated those portfolios from the former Transport Ministry (a separate Ministry of Public Transport was also created at this time).
Development.
The development of the proposal for the Accident Towing Services was managed by the former Department of Infrastructure in Victoria. The successor to the Department of Infrastructure in transport matters was the Department of Transport. The Department managed the project as part of its broader Transport Legislation Review. 
The Department held a series of workshops with Victoria's towing industry and issued discussion papers outlining the broad policy features of a proposed new regulatory scheme. The papers raised a series of concerns about the former towing industry framework and aspects of the industry's performance including concerns about under regulation and over regulation in particular areas. Comments were requested from industry parties and other interested stakeholders. Comments received from industry, government and other stakeholders resulted in the refinement of the proposal prior to its approval by the Victorian Government and presentation to Parliament as proposed legislation. 
Ultimately, the proposals for a new regulatory scheme were introduced to the Victorian Parliament as proposed legislation in mid April 2007.
Parliamentary approval.
Introduction.
The Accident Towing Services Bill was introduced into the lower house of the Victorian Parliament, the Legislative Assembly, as the Accident Towing Services Bill. The responsible Minister for the proposal was the then Minister for Roads and Ports, the Hon Tim Pallas MP.
Context.
The Minister moved the second reading of the Accident Towing Services on 19 April 2007. The Minister set the context for the Bill in his speech in support as follows -
Main changes.
The speech also contained an observation on the main change brought about by the new regulatory scheme -
Strengthening of existing regulation.
The Minister also made observations about the strengthening of existing regulatory requirements provided for in the Bill - 
Responsibilities of industry participants.
Reflections were contained in the speech about the responsibilities owed by industry participnats to vulnerable road accident victims -
Deregulation of the trade towing sector.
The Minister also commented in the following terms about the deregulation of the trade towing sector provided in the Bill -
Connection to policy objectives.
The Minister commented that -
Conclusion.
The Minister concluded his speech in support of the Accident Towing Services Bill by observing that -
Passage, assent and commencement.
The Bill was considered and passed by the lower house of the Victorian Parliament, the Legislative Assembly, on 19 June 2007. The Bill was introduced into the upper house, the Legislative Council, on the same day. Second reading was moved in the upper house the next day, 20 June, and the proposal ultimately debated and passed on 17 July 2007. 2 March 2006. 
The Accident Towing Services Bill received the Royal Assent on 24 July 2007 to become the Accident Towing Services Act 2007. The Act commenced on its default commencement day, 1 January 2010. 
The Accident Towing Services Regulations 2007 which were required to support the operation of the Act also operated from the same date thereby formally commencing the scheme.
Changes to the Act.
No significant changes have been made to the Accident Towing Services Act since it commenced.

</doc>
<doc id="31024056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024056" title="Memories of Machines">
Memories of Machines

Memories Of Machines is a band formed by Tim Bowness (No-Man, Henry Fool) and Giancarlo Erra (Nosound) in April 2006.
History.
Memories of Machines emerged as a full project following Bowness' first collaborations with Nosound during the mid-2000s. This began with a song called "Someone Starts to Fade Away" which eventually appeared on Nosound's album "Lightdark"). A second song, "Change Me Once Again", emerged from sessions for Bowness' guest appearance with Nosound in Rome in 2006 and prompted Bowness and Erra to embark on a full album collaboration.).
Further recordings followed in parallel with Erra's work on "Lightdark" and Bowness' work on the No-Man album "Schoolyard Ghosts". Several songs originally submitted for "Schoolyard Ghosts" were eventually recorded by Memories of Machines (one particular track, "Beautiful Songs You Should Know", was also recorded and released by both bands in two separate versions). Other musicians contributed to the sessions as they developed, including all members of Nosound and all members of Bowness' progressive rock band Henry Fool (several of whom also played in the No-Man live band). Other collaborators included Steven Wilson, Julianne Regan, Jim Matheos and Peter Hammill (the latter contributing guitar parts rather than the vocals he might have been expected to provide). Robert Fripp also contributed some ambient Soundscapes, which Bowness and Erra subsequently used as the foundations for the song "Lost and Found in the Digital World".
Memories of Machines released their debut album, "Warm Winter" in April 2011 on the Mascot Records label.

</doc>
<doc id="31024059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024059" title="Azizah Abd Allah Abu Lahum">
Azizah Abd Allah Abu Lahum

Azizah Abd Allah Abu Lahum (born 1945) is a Yemeni novelist and writer. She was born in Naham into a prominent sheikh family, and although she did not have formal schooling, she was brought up in a culturally aware environment. She married a diplomat which allowed her to live abroad and experience foreign cultures, before returning to live in Sanaa.
Along with Ramziyya al-Iryani, Azizah is considered one of the pioneering women of contemporary Yemeni literature. Her first novel "Ahlam wa Nabilah" was published from Cairo in 1997 and she has published several more novels since. More broadly, she has played a major role in the women's rights movement in Yemen. She helped to establish the Yemeni Women's Association in the 1970s and also participated in the US-based Arab Women's Council. 
Because of the prominence of the Abu Lahum name, Azizah prefers to publish under the name of Azizah Abd Allah.

</doc>
<doc id="31024066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024066" title="Akkulapeta">
Akkulapeta

Akkulapeta is a village in Amudalavalasa Mandal of Srikakulam district, Andhra Pradesh, India.
Veteran Parliamentarian Boddepalli Rajagopala Rao was born in this village.
Demographics.
According to Indian census, 2001, the demographic details of this village is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="31024080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024080" title="Metropolitan Area Youth Symphony">
Metropolitan Area Youth Symphony

The Metropolitan Area Youth Symphony (MAYS) is a youth orchestra in the Central Florida region founded in honor of conductor and cellist, Jonathan May. The MAYS is led by Artistic Directors Maureen May and Michael Miller and features eight orchestral groups spanning beginner, intermediate and advanced skill levels, as well as several in-school strings programs. The MAYS currently rehearses at St. Alban’s Anglican Church in Oviedo, Florida and Lake-Sumter State College in Leesburg, Florida. 
History.
The founding of the MAYS occurred on May 1st, 2010, which was designated by the government of Orange County, Florida as Mr. Jonathan May Day. The first Mr. Jonathan May Day celebration was held at Trinity Preparatory School on May 1, 2010, with the proclamation read live to the crowd by District Five Orange County Commissioner Bill Segal and presented to Maureen. The MAYS was founded to further the artistic and educational vision of Jonathan May. Since 1984, May followed his dream of bringing a well-rounded music education to thousands of young students of the Central Florida community. After his death in February, 2010, the MAYS was formed under the executive direction of his daughter, Emily May, and artistic direction of his wife, Maureen May, a former Music Director at Millennium Middle School, strings teacher at Trinity Preparatory School, and cellist in the Orlando Philharmonic Orchestra and the Bach Festival, and close friend and colleague, Michael Miller, Director of Music Activities at The Geneva School, Artistic Director of the Central Florida Youth Orchestra, and former Associate Conductor of the Florida Young Artists Orchestra from 2000-2010.
The MAYS set out to continue Jonathan May's inclusive music educational philosophy, and states about him on the orchestra website: "The MAYS is dedicated to his honor and maintaining the high musical, educational, and ethical ideals that he brought with him to each of his orchestras and students. 
During its first season, the MAYS held concerts at Knowles Memorial Chapel on the campus of Rollins College, First Presbyterian Church of Orlando, the Cathedral Church of Saint Luke, and collaborated with the Geneva School Rhetoric Choir, the Cathedral Choir, the Orlando Deanery Boychoir and Girls Choir, and Lake Howell High School’s band and chorus as part of their Masterworks Series. The MAYS celebrated Jonathan May Day 2011 with its inaugural season finale concert that attracted hundreds and featured the world Premiere of Robert Kerr’s “Elegy,” dedicated to Susan Goldman and inspired by Jonathan May.
On May 14, 2011, many students of the MAYS joined onstage the Orlando Philharmonic Orchestra as they honored Jonathan May at its sellout final concert featuring violinist Joshua Bell. The world premiere performance of the piece, "Tall and Small", a commissioned work by Jonathan's brother, Daniel May, is named to reflect the wide impact May's passion for music had on children and adults alike.
After the conclusion of its second season, the MAYS absorbed the Central Florida Youth Orchestra in Leesburg. It also began an in-school strings program called MAYS At Your School, which provides classroom instruction to students at schools in Eatonville, Florida, Mount Dora, Florida, and Leesburg, Florida. The season concluded at the Bob Carr Performing Arts Centre in Orlando with all students performing at MAYSfest, adopted from CFYO’s “Mayfest” concert to honor Jonathan May. MAYSfest featured all MAYS students performing together onstage for the world premiere performance of “Mondo Rondo,” a piece written by Daniel May for the MAYS. MAYSfest has become an annual event for the MAYS, usually taking place around Jonathan May Day.
The 2012-2013 season also saw the formation of the 501(c)(3) organization, The Jonathan May Foundation, which was founded to support the students of the MAYS and further Jonathan May's educational ideals.
The MAYS currently has an enrollment of 250 students in nine Central Florida counties and celebrates it fifth season in 2014-2015.
Orchestras.
The MAYS comprises eight orchestras of over 250 students up to age 22 in two regions, MAYS of Orlando and MAYS of Lake County:
"MAYS of Orlando"
Symphony—The Symphony is the MAYS’ most advanced full orchestra ensemble and rehearses and performs a vast array of standard orchestral repertoire. 
Repertory Orchestra—The Repertory Orchestra is an intermediate full orchestra designed to nourish the musical abilities of students and help them develop skills to play in an ensemble reading off larger scores and with new sounds.
Intermezzo—The Intermezzo is an intermediate to advanced ensemble that provides a chamber setting for young string musicians to develop their ability to play with other string instruments, requiring a focused attention on tone, intonation, bow control and other aspects of string playing. 
Concertino—The Concertino is an entry-level group for beginning string players and provides students with the opportunity to work closely with peers and instructors to learn the first levels of playing together and mastering the string instruments.
"MAYS of Lake County"
Chamber Symphony—The foundation of the Chamber Symphony is made of the most experienced strings students in Lake County. Other musical instrumentation is added to complement the selections being performed. This select group indicates a serious level of skill and dedication, and requires a focused attention to detail. 
Lyric Consort—The Lyric Consort is for students at the advanced-beginning to the intermediate performance levels. This ensemble provides a chamber setting for young string musicians to develop their ability to play with other string instruments, requiring a focused attention on tone, intonation, bow control and other aspects of string playing. This ensemble is for the serious string player, and provides the opportunity for strong development as a string musician. Repertoire is chosen to specifically improved technique and to promote music appreciation.
Concert Strings—The Concert Strings is an entry-level group for beginning string players ages 9 and older and has been developed to help the budding string musicians learn to listen and play music with other string players. This ensemble provides students with the opportunity to work closely with peers and instructors to learn the first levels of playing together and mastering the string instruments.
String Explorers—String Explorers is a place for beginning musicians ages 5 to 8 that are learning the essentials of strings playing for the first time. Students work on techniques like how to play a string instrument, read music, and play in an ensemble. Emphasis is placed on instructing the new musician with basic techniques and fundamentals while learning to play in an ensemble.
MAYS At Your School is an innovative program of the Metropolitan Area Youth Symphony that works in partnership with local schools to provide youth orchestra opportunities to students in their own classrooms. With in-school instruction and performances each semester, students enjoy the experience and expertise of MAYS music teachers as they embark on their youth orchestra journey.
In addition to the orchestras, the MAYS conducts classes on music theory and composition, holds professional recitals and regular workshops with professional Central Florida musicians on a wide variety of topics. The MAYS also holds concerto competitions judged by an independent panel that listens and scores students for the opportunity to perform their concerto with the MAYS orchestra.

</doc>
<doc id="31024081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024081" title="NURFC">
NURFC

NURFC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31024087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024087" title="Milen Mitev">
Milen Mitev

Milen Mitev (born 27 December 1990) is a Bulgarian footballer currently playing for Sliven 2000. Mitev is an attacking midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="31024095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024095" title="All Over the Place">
All Over the Place

All Over the Place may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31024101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024101" title="John Bucknell">
John Bucknell

John Bucknell, known as Jack Bucknell, (7 June 1872 – 5 March 1925) played first-class cricket for Somerset between 1895 and 1905. He was born at Bedminster, Bristol and died at Darlington, Co Durham.
Bucknell was a right-handed lower-order batsman and a right-arm medium pace or leg-break bowler. His first-class cricket career was spasmodic, with three matches in each of the 1895, 1899 and 1905 seasons and a single game in 1904. His best bowling and batting performances were both achieved in his first season, 1895. In his first game, against Cambridge University, he took three Cambridge wickets for 93 runs. Then a week later, in the match against Oxford University he made 33, batting at No 10.
His brother Arthur played Minor Counties cricket for Durham.

</doc>
<doc id="31024109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024109" title="Allan Percival">
Allan Percival

W. Allan Percival (1923 – circa 1985) was a Canadian cricketer. Percival was a right-handed batsman who fielded as a wicket-keeper. As with his exact date of birth being unknown, it is also unknown where in Canada he was born.
Percival made his first-class debut for Canada in 1951 at the Toronto Cricket, Skating and Curling Club against the touring Marylebone Cricket Club. Later, in 1954 he played four first-class matches against English county opponents during Canada's tour of England. This included his final first-class appearance, which came against Yorkshire at North Marine Road Ground, Scarborough during Canada's 1954 tour of England. In his five career first-class matches, he scored 61 runs at a batting average of 8.71, with a high score of 23. Behind the stumps he took 9 catches and made a single stumping. In Canada, he played numerous non-notable matches, including ones for Ontario between 1948 and 1952.
He died in Toronto, Ontario circa 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="31024123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024123" title="Hyusein Filipov">
Hyusein Filipov

Hyusein Filipov (; born 13 December 1992 in Sliven) is a Bulgarian football player, currently playing as a midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="31024149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024149" title="Larry J. Blake">
Larry J. Blake

Larry J. Blake (April 24, 1914 – May 25, 1982) was an American actor from Brooklyn, New York City. In 1947 he starred in the film "Backlash".
Blake was also among the stars of the 1953-1954 ABC situation comedy, "The Pride of the Family", appearing in the role of Frank. Fay Wray played Catherine Morrison, and Paul Hartman played her husband, Albie Morrison. Natalie Wood and Robert Hyatt played the Morrison children, Ann and Junior. Tol Avery filled the role of Dennison.
Blake also had a recurring role as the accommodating jailer in the 1958 TV series "Yancy Derringer".

</doc>
<doc id="31024173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024173" title="The Ides of March (film)">
The Ides of March (film)

The Ides of March is a 2011 American political drama film directed by George Clooney from a screenplay written by Clooney, along with Grant Heslov and Beau Willimon. The film is an adaptation of Willimon's 2008 play "Farragut North". It stars Ryan Gosling, George Clooney, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Paul Giamatti, Evan Rachel Wood, Marisa Tomei, and Jeffrey Wright.
"The Ides of March" was featured as the opening film at the 68th Venice International Film Festival and at the 27th Haifa International Film Festival and was shown at the 2011 Toronto International Film Festival. It received a wide theatrical release on October 7, 2011.
Plot.
Stephen Meyers is the junior campaign manager for Mike Morris, Governor of Pennsylvania and a Democratic presidential candidate, competing against Arkansas Senator Ted Pullman in the Democratic primary. Both campaigns are attempting to secure the endorsement of North Carolina Democratic Senator Franklin Thompson, who controls 356 convention delegates, enough to clinch the nomination for either candidate. After a debate at Miami University, Meyers is asked by Pullman's campaign manager, Tom Duffy, to meet in secret. Meyers calls his boss, senior campaign manager Paul Zara, who doesn't answer. Meyers decides to meet Duffy, who offers Meyers a position in Pullman's campaign, an offer Meyers refuses. Zara calls Meyers back and asks what was important, but Meyers says it was nothing to worry about. Meanwhile, Meyers starts a sexual relationship with Molly Stearns, an attractive intern for Morris' campaign and daughter of Jack Stearns, the chairman of the Democratic National Committee. 
Meyers admits to an angry Zara that he met with Duffy, and that Duffy said his candidate will offer Thompson the position of Secretary of State, guaranteeing Pullman's victory. Zara and Meyers discuss the matter with Morris, saying they must make the same offer to Thompson to secure his endorsement and his delegates' votes. Morris refuses on principle, as he thoroughly disagrees with Thompson and his policies, and wants a "clean" campaign without such deals. Late one night when Molly is sleeping, Meyers discovers that Morris is trying to call her after he picks up her phone by mistake. 
Meyers finds out that Molly and Morris had a brief sexual liaison at a campaign stop in Iowa several weeks previously, and Molly is now pregnant by the Governor, which will cause a scandal. Meyers helps her with money for an abortion but warns her not to tell anybody. Meyers also fires Molly from the campaign to ensure that she will stay quiet. Ida Horowicz, a reporter for the "New York Times", reveals to Meyers that an anonymous source leaked his encounter with Duffy to her and that she will publish unless Meyers gives her all of the details about the meeting. 
Meyers comes to Zara for help, believing the story would damage himself, Zara, and the campaign. Zara reveals that he leaked the meeting to Ida with Morris' approval in order to force Meyers into resigning from the campaign, stating that he did this because Meyers was disloyal for meeting with Duffy. Zara makes it clear that he holds no personal animosity against Meyers and values him, but cannot trust him any more. An angry and desperate Meyers then offers his services to Duffy, who admits he only met with Meyers in order to influence his opponent's operation under the likelihood that either Meyers would leave Morris and come to work for him or Zara would fire him. 
He reveals that he suspected that Meyers would tell Zara about the meeting which would lead Zara to remove Meyers from Morris' campaign. Should this happen, Duffy correctly surmised, the Morris campaign would be weakened and, as a result, Pullman's would be strengthened. Duffy says as his goal was met when Zara fired Meyers there was no point to hiring Meyers. Meyers is angry with such usage for political entry, but Duffy apologizes for using him, saying that he also wanted to help Meyers, and advises him to quit the politics and campaign before he turns as a cynical, radical person like him. Meyer offers to sell out Morris completely but Duffy declines, thinking that Meyers cannot hurt him and he has Thompson wrapped up. Meanwhile, Molly learns that Meyers has been fired and, fearing that he will reveal her pregnancy, takes a fatal drug overdose. Since both sides used him, Meyers goes on the offensive against both as a revenge.
Unbeknownst to the Morris campaign, he meets with Thompson to arrange for Thompson's delegates in exchange for a spot on the Morris ticket. It is clear that Thompson prefers Morris over Pullman so all Meyers has done is get Thompson to commit if he is offered the post with Morris. Meyers meets Morris in a dark bar, telling him that he will expose the affair with Molly if Morris does not accept his demands: fire Zara, place Meyers in charge of the campaign, and offer Thompson the role of Vice President. Morris coldly says that, since the fetus was aborted, there is no proof of the affair, but Meyers claims that he has a suicide note found in Molly's room. Morris relents, clearly giving up what is left of his personal integrity, and meets all of Meyers's demands. Zara takes his firing philosophically and is still positive with the press about Morris. 
Zara talks to Meyers at Molly's funeral and is amicable, letting Meyers know that he knows Meyers must have had something big on Morris to get him to fire Zara and hire him. Zara has options and states that he is taking a million dollar a year job at a consulting firm, for him basically a retirement from politics. Later, Thompson's endorsement makes Morris the "de facto" nominee despite losing the Democratic Party's Ohio primary election. Duffy, who put Meyers back against the wall and who rejected Meyers offer of dirt against Morris, is seen trying to put up a good face in what is now obviously going to be a defeat for his candidate.
Now senior campaign manager, Meyers is on the way to a remote TV interview with John King, when Ida ambushes him and says her next story will be about how Meyers delivered Thompson and his delegates and got his promotion. Meyers reacts only by having security bar her from coming any further. Meyers takes his seat for the interview, just as Morris finishes a speech about how 'integrity and dignity' matters, and is asked for insight as to how the events surrounding the primary unfolded.
Production.
In October 2010, "Variety" reported that Clooney signed on to produce, direct, and star in the film adaptation of Beau Willimon's Broadway play "Farragut North". Exclusive Media Group, Cross Creek Pictures, Smoke House Pictures, and Leonardo DiCaprio's Appian Way Productions financed the film. Filming in Cincinnati, Ohio began in February 2011 in Downtown Cincinnati at Fountain Square, Over-the-Rhine historic district, Northside, Mount Lookout, Xavier University, other neighborhoods and at Miami University's Farmer School of Business and Hall Auditorium (Miami University and Hall Auditorium are located in Oxford, Ohio). Principal photography also took place in Downtown Detroit and Ann Arbor, Michigan. On March 14, filming began at the University of Michigan and included 1,000 extras.
The theatrical release failed to recognize Cincinnati in the credits as a filming location. Producer and screenplay co-writer Grant Heslov said that "the omission of Cincinnati in the credits was an inadvertent mistake, something that slipped through the cracks." He also stated that the credits would be corrected for the home release of the film.
Release.
"The Ides of March" premiered on August 31, 2011 as the opening film of the 68th Venice International Film Festival. Sony Pictures Entertainment bought the distribution rights for the United States and Canada. Sony wanted Clooney to keep the play's title, but "The Ides of March" was finalized. "The Ides of March" was originally planned to have a limited release in December 2011 and a wide release in January 2012. This was later moved again, to October 7, 2011.
Critical reception.
The film received positive reviews. Rotten Tomatoes reports that 85% of 190 critics have given the film a positive review, with a rating average of 7.3 out of 10. Metacritic, which assigns a weighted average score out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, gives the film a score of 67 based on 43 reviews. CinemaScore polls reported that the average grade moviegoers gave the film was a "B" on an A+ to F scale. 
Nevertheless, some critics gave the film mixed or even negative reviews. One such mixed review came from A. O. Scott, who wrote that "it is difficult, really, to connect this fable to the world it pretends to represent. Whatever happens in 2012, within either party or in the contest between them, it seems fair to say that quite a lot will be at stake. That is not the case in "The Ides of March", which is less an allegory of the American political process than a busy, foggy, mildly entertaining antidote to it."

</doc>
<doc id="31024174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024174" title="Oxyrhopus">
Oxyrhopus

Oxyrhopus is a genus of colubrid snakes that belong to the subfamily Xenodontinae. The genus is found in Central America and the northern part of South America, 
and it includes at least 13 distinct species.
Species.
In the above list, if an authority's name appears without parentheses, it indicates that he or she originally described the new species in the genus "Oxyrhopus". 
However, if an authority's name appears in parentheses, it indicates that he or she originally described the new species in a different genus.
Description.
Species in the genus "Oxyrhopus" share the following characters:
Head distinct from neck. Eye moderate or small. Pupil vertically elliptic. Body cylindrical or slightly laterally compressed. Tail moderate or long.
Dorsal scales smooth, with apical pits, and arranged in 19 rows at midbody.
Maxillary teeth 10-15, subequal, followed after a gap by two enlarged grooved teeth, located just behind the posterior border of the eye.

</doc>
<doc id="31024181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024181" title="John Eldredge (actor)">
John Eldredge (actor)

John Eldredge (August 30, 1904–September 23, 1961) was an American actor from San Francisco. He was the younger brother of character actor George Eldredge (1898-1977).
Born August 30, 1904, John Eldgredge was the son of a clergyman who made a speciality of dramatics at University. When he confessed to his father that he wanted to be an actor, his father grinned and said: "That's all right son so long as you are a good one." He began his theatrical career in repertory and then in comic opera and later played small parts in New York till he made a hit on Broadway and it was a role opposite Lillian Gish that won him a film contract.
He died September 23, 1961 of a heart attack at Laguna Beach, California, USA.

</doc>
<doc id="31024183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024183" title="Maurice Stewart">
Maurice Stewart

Maurice Evan Stewart (8 January 1929 – 18 October 2004) was an Irish Anglican priest. He was the Dean of St Patrick’s Cathedral, Dublin in the Church of Ireland in the last decade of the 20th century. 
Stewart was educated at the Royal Belfast Academical Institution and Trinity College, Dublin. He was ordained in 1952 and his first position was as a curate at St James' Belfast. He was chaplain at Bishop’s College, Cheshunt from 1955 to 1958 and then Head of the TCD Mission in Belfast until 1961. He was rector of Newcastle, County Down from 1961 to 1969 when he became returned to Trinity College Dublin as a lecturer in divinity, a position he held until his appointment as dean.

</doc>
<doc id="31024189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024189" title="Strada dell'Olio">
Strada dell'Olio

Strada dell'olio is a kind of gastronomical route in Italy that crosses a territory rich of traditional products, PDOs and PGIs, DOCs and DOCGs in Italy. It is sometimes linked to an enological tour.
This kind of route aims to promote Italian products of excellence in the agricultural field and in food industry, with a special focus on PDO olive oils. Usually it includes "frantoi" (olive presses), rural hamlets, medieval villages, Reinassance cities, archeological sites, ancient and modern production farms, and thermal locations. 
The route may include cultural and landscape's paths in the PDO production areas, often very interesting from an archeological, historical, artistic, point of view. Special parks allow kids to learn by playing; along food-oil-and-wine paths can be found restaurants, farm stays and suggestions to enjoy good food and great locations.
"Strade dell'olio" are often situated in or nearby UNESCO areas and places renowned worldwide for the production of high quality wines, cheese and, obviously, oil and olives. 
"Strade dell'olio" are often related to wellness tours, for the numerous thermal areas within DOP production territories.

</doc>
<doc id="31024196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024196" title="Emmanuel Damongo-Dadet">
Emmanuel Damongo-Dadet

Emmanuel J. Damongo-Dadet (August 18, 1914 – March 14, 1973) was the first Congolese ambassador to the United States and the United Nations. He was born in Brazzaville, at the time Congo was the Middle Congo, a colony that was ruled by France. In his early days, he was taught at Brazzaville and went on to become a teacher and director of École Urbaine at Dolisie. A renowned journalist, poet and novelist in his native country, he wrote "Congolila" which was published in 1950 and "Panorama Congolais" in 1962.
Emmanuel Damongo-Dadet was also a prefect in the colonial administration during the time Félix Eboué was the governor-general of the French Equatorial Africa (FEA). In 1945, he entered politics joining the Congolese Progressive Party (PPC) that dominated the Congolese politics for years, and was elected councillor-representative in the Middle Congo territorial assembly in 1946. It was also a year later through the territorial assembly that he was elected to become the representative in the French Union assembly. In 1949, he abandoned the PPC long after it became a branch of Félix Houphouët-Boigny's party, the African Democratic Rally (RDA). As a result, he lost both seats in the elections to the Middle-Congo territorial assembly and the French Union assembly in 1952 and 1953.
Before re-emerging and forming his short lived political party, the Congolese Democratic Front (FDC) in 1955, Emmanuel Damongo-Dadet embarked on a career in broadcasting occupying the position of Chief of the African broadcasts of the French Equatorial Africa Radio. In the 1956 legislative election, he lost a challenge to the incumbent Jean-Félix Tchicaya for Deputy of the Middle Congo to the French National assembly and was persuaded by Fulbert Youlou to align with his party, the Democratic Union for the Defense of African Interests (UDDIA). He was rewarded the position of Chief Secretary of Ministries of the Budget and Financial Affairs and Minister of Public Works and Transport. Further, he was part of the Congolese delegation to the Secretariat-General of the French Community in Paris in 1960 before Congo gained independence from France with Youlou as the president. Finally, on December 9, 1960, he was appointed to serve as the ambassador of the Republic of Congo to the United States and the United Nations. He died in Pointe Noire at the age of 58.

</doc>
<doc id="31024205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024205" title="Michael McNamara (politician)">
Michael McNamara (politician)

Michael McNamara (born 1 March 1974) is an Irish Labour Party politician. He was elected as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Clare constituency at the 2011 general election. He was appointed to the Oireachtas Committee on Agriculture, Food and the Marine, and is a member of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe.
McNamara is a barrister and has worked at the OSCE and on human rights and democracy projects of the European Union and United Nations. He was an unsuccessful independent candidate at the 2009 European Parliament election for the North-West constituency.

</doc>
<doc id="31024217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024217" title="Mack Stengler">
Mack Stengler

Mack Stengler (full name 'Macklyn Stengler') (born July 31, 1895 - Died May 27, 1962) was an American cinematographer with a career in Hollywood spanning 40 years, both in cinema & television

</doc>
<doc id="31024233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024233" title="Lee Jae-min">
Lee Jae-min

Lee Jae-Min (Hangul: 이재민; born 29 May 1987) is a South Korean footballer who plays as forward for Bangkok F.C. in Thai Division 1 League.
Football career.
Lee was a member of the Beograd Universiade national team when he studied in Korea University.
In 2010, Lee joined Korea National League club Ulsan Hyundai Mipo Dockyard. In July of the same year, he moved to Japanese club Vissel Kobe.
On 18 May 2011, he was released from Kobe, two days after being arrested for drunk driving.
In 2012 K-National League season, he was the top goal scorer by playing 24 games and scored 12 goals for Ulsan Hyundai Mipo Dockyard.
Lee joined China League One club Yanbian Baekdu Tigers F.C. on 29 January 2013.
Club career statistics.
As of 7 December 2011

</doc>
<doc id="31024241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024241" title="Persikaba Blora">
Persikaba Blora

Persikaba stands for Persatuan Sepakbola Indonesia Blora ("en: Football Association of Blora"). Persikaba Blora is an Indonesian football club based in Blora Regency, Central Java. Club played in Liga Indonesia First Division.

</doc>
<doc id="31024254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024254" title="2010 Omloop Het Nieuwsblad">
2010 Omloop Het Nieuwsblad

The 2010 Omloop Het Nieuwsblad cycle race took place on 27 February 2010. It was the 65th edition of the international classic Omloop Het Nieuwsblad. The race was the first 1.HC event in the 2010 UCI World Ranking.

</doc>
<doc id="31024257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024257" title="Rose Historic Chapel">
Rose Historic Chapel

The Rose Historic Chapel, formerly known as the St Mary's Convent Chapel, is a heritage-listed stone church building located in Colombo Street in Christchurch, New Zealand. It is registered as a "Historic Place – Category II " by the New Zealand Historic Places Trust. The building was designed in the Gothic Revival style and erected in 1910.
History.
The first Bishop of Christchurch, John Grimes (1842–1915), arrived in Christchurch in February 1888. He provided leadership to the Catholic community, and worked towards uniting the class differences, political opinions and different nationalities of the settlers. During his reign, many churches and buildings were constructed, including the Sisters of Mercy St Mary’s Convent. For his silver jubilee as a bishop, he was invested with several ecclesiastical honours for his contributions.
The Sisters of Mercy arrived in Christchurch in 1894, when under the guidance of Mother Mary Bernard (1810/1811?–1895), St Marys Parish School and Convent was established. The chapel, built in 1910, is the last remaining building of the St Mary’s Convent, the rest of the complex having been demolished in 1994. The chapel was designed by the brothers Alfred Edgar Luttrell and Edward Sidney Luttrell; this was their first commission by the Diocese of Christchurch and they became their unofficial diocesan architects, designing many more churches and other buildings.
It was purchased by the Christchurch City Council, who renovated the building in association with the Rose Chapel Trust and Friends of the Chapel. The chapel was damaged during the 2011 Christchurch Earthquake.
Heritage listing.
On 14 July 1995, the chapel was registered by the New Zealand Historic Places Trust as a Category II historic place, with the registration number being 7239. The chapel is significant for its aesthetics (especially the stained glass windows), its architecture (the Luttrell brothers are known for their well designed churches), cultural importance (as a religious teaching place) and spiritual life for the nuns.

</doc>
<doc id="31024260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024260" title="Janina Kurkowska-Spychajowa">
Janina Kurkowska-Spychajowa

Janina Kurkowska-Spychajowa (February 8, 1901 in Starosielce - June 6, 1979) is a Polish archer. With an unprecedented five overall FITA Outdoor Archery World Championships titles (1933, 1934, 1936, 1939 and 1947), Kurkowska-Spychajowa is the most decorated archer at the World Championships. Her medal haul at the World Championships level spanned 24 years, from 1931 when she won an (mixed) individual silver medal in the inaugural World Championships until 1955 when she helped Poland to win a ladies' team bronze medal.

</doc>
<doc id="31024262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024262" title="Postmodern career counselling">
Postmodern career counselling

Postmodern career counselling is a reflective process of assisting clients in creating self through writing and revising biographical narratives taking place in a context of multiple choice from a diversity of options and constraints. The shift moves from emphasizing career choice to empowering self-affirmation and improving decision making.
Recently this approach is widely applied in Australia such as in Athlete Career and Education (ACE) program by Australian Sports Commission and Scope for artists by Ausdance.

</doc>
<doc id="31024269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024269" title="Niña Jose">
Niña Jose

Mary Claire "Niña" José (born August 26, 1988) is a Filipino actress. She was a competitor in "" in 2006. She is currently a contract actress for the ABS-CBN television network.
She has appeared on the cover of FHM Philippines magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="31024279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024279" title="Northeastern rugby">
Northeastern rugby

Northeastern rugby may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31024281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024281" title="Coney Island Yard Electric Motor Repair Shop">
Coney Island Yard Electric Motor Repair Shop

Coney Island Yard Electric Motor Repair Shop is a historic motor repair shop for subway trains located at the Coney Island Complex in Coney Island, Brooklyn, New York, New York. It was built between 1925 and 1927 and is a simple two story, box shaped brick clad building lit by multiple banks of large, multi-paned windows and a massive sawtooth skylight.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="31024287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024287" title="Westermost Rough wind farm">
Westermost Rough wind farm

Westermost Rough Wind Farm is a proposed offshore wind farm to be located 8 km north east of Withernsea off the Holderness coast, in the North Sea, England. The farm will cover an area of approximately with a generation capacity of up approximately 240MW.
History.
The Westermost Wind farm site was originally awarded to Total in 2003 during the initial Round 2 wind farm tendering process; Total later withdrew and the concession was returned to the Crown Estate in 2006. In 2007 Dong Energy was awarded a lease from The Crown Estate to develop a wind farm at Westermost Rough after Total Energie who originally won the, withdrew from the project. The company "Westermost Rough Ltd" was established 2007; a subsidiary of Dong Energy.
A planning application was submitted in November 2009, and consent was given by the Department of Energy and Climate Change in 2011 for a development of up to 80 turbines of up to 245MW power with a limit of turbine tip height, and rotor diameter, as well as associated onshore and offshore substations, cabling and other infrastructure.
Initial expectations were for an earliest in service date of 2014, in January 2013 construction of the wind farm was confirmed, with construction scheduled to start in 2014 with the farm operational by 2015.
Dong Energy sold a 50% stake in the wind farm in equal parts to the Green Investment Bank and to Marubeni Corporation for a total of £240 million; as part of the sale the two buyers committed to investing £500 million in the construction of the wind farm.
Design, manufacture and construction.
The wind farm is located off the Holderness coast, roughly northwest of Withernsea. The proposed design is for 35 to 80 turbines of between 3 and 7 MW power output, in an area of , with a total installed capacity of up to 245MW.
The offshore substation design was subcontracted to Ramboll, with medium voltage turbine to offshore transformer submarine cables supplied by Nexans. High voltage 150kV submarine export cables and 150/275kV underground cables were contracted to be supplied from LS Cable & System of Korea. The cable landing point is to be near Tunstall, East Riding of Yorkshire, with a national grid connection made via the buried cables to new substation at Salt End.
The project is expected to use 6MW Siemens Wind turbines; 35 turbines are to be installed, giving a capacity of 210MW. Varde, Denmark based Titan Wind Energy was contracted to supply towers, with tower foundations supplied by Bladt Industries of Aalborg, Denmark. The driven monopile foundations are 6.25m diameter with mass up to 800t, with 425t transition pieces.
GeoSea was awarded the contract to install foundation piles in April 2013. The first foundation pile was installed in February 2014. In early 2014 residents of Withernsea and the nearby area reported noise and vibration disturbance during the nighttime, attributed to piling at the wind farm site; by April 2014 an investigation by the Marine Management Organisation had found evidence of noise, but the results were not conclusive enough for it to act on. Foundation installation was completed by May 2014, and the offshore substation installed by June 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="31024289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024289" title="Port of Mystery">
Port of Mystery

Port of Mystery is a 1997 compilation album by Yanni and released on the Windham Hill label.

</doc>
<doc id="31024292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024292" title="Bhawanipur (community development block)">
Bhawanipur (community development block)

Bhawanipur (community development block) is one of the administrative divisions of Purnia district in the Indian state of Bihar.
Geography.
Bhawanipur is located at 
Panchayats.
Panchayats in Bhawanipur community development block are: Barhari, Basantpur Chintaman, Bhawanipur East, Bhawanipur West, Gondwara Patkaili, Jawe, Lathi, Raghunathpur, Sahidganj, Sonama, Sondip Milik, Sripur Milik, Supouli and Suraiti.
Demographics.
As per 2001 census, Bhawanipur block had a population of 126,742.

</doc>
<doc id="31024306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024306" title="Ramziya al-Iryani">
Ramziya al-Iryani

Ramziya Abbas al-Iryani (born 1954) is a pioneering Yemeni novelist, writer, diplomat and feminist.
Biography.
She was born in the village of Iryan in the Ibb Governorate. She went to secondary school in Taiz and then studied philosophy at Cairo University earning a Bachelor's degree in 1977. She also has a Master's in Arabic literature. In 1979, she became the first female diplomat to join the Yemeni diplomatic corps. More recently, she was elected head of the Yemeni Women's Union, and she is a board member of the Arab Family Organization. 
Ramziya started publishing when still in her teens. Her novel "Dahiyat al-Jasha" (The Victim of Greed), published in 1970-71, is considered to be the first novel by a Yemeni woman. Her first book of short stories "La'allahu ya'ud" (Maybe He'll Return) was published from Damascus in 1981. Since then, she has written several more volumes of fiction as well as several children's books. She has also written a book on Yemeni women pioneers called "Raidat Yemeniyat" (1990). 
Ramziya's short stories have appeared in English translation in a recent anthology of Arab women writers.

</doc>
<doc id="31024309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024309" title="Qassim Haddad">
Qassim Haddad

Qassim Haddad (born 1948) is a Bahraini poet, particularly notable within the Arab world for his free verse poetry. His poems have been translated in several languages including German, English and French. 
Biography.
Qassim Haddad was born in Bahrain in 1948 and did not complete his secondary education, having educated himself over the years. Haddad first rose to prominence with his poetry that contained revolutionary and political themes such as freedom. He published his first poetic collection titled "Good Omen" in 1970 and has since published more than 16 books, including "Majnun Laila", a book of poetry and paintings, and a book of poetry in collaboration with Saudi photographer Saleh al-Azzaz. In 2007, Haddad created controversy when he reworked the Arabic classic "Layla and Majnun", with Marcel Khalife which fundamentalists believed undermined Islamic morals.
Haddad is also the co-founder and chairman of the Bahraini Writers' Union.
Personal life.
Haddad's son Mohammed Haddad (born 1975) is a leading composer in Bahrain.

</doc>
<doc id="31024324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024324" title="2011 St. George Illawarra Dragons season">
2011 St. George Illawarra Dragons season

The 2011 St. George Illawarra Dragons season was the 13th in the joint venture club's history. Coached by Wayne Bennett and captained by Ben Hornby they competed in the NRL's 2011 Telstra Premiership as defending champions. The Dragons finished the regular season 5th (out of 16) before being knocked out of the finals by the Brisbane Broncos. This was Bennett's last match with the Dragons as he moved to the Newcastle Knights for the 2012 NRL season.
Pre Season.
In the pre-season the Dragons won their annual Charity Shield match against South Sydney before travelling to take on reigning Super League champions, Wigan Warriors.
The Dragons won all three of their pre-season games. This included victory in the 2011 World Club Challenge, giving them the title of best club rugby league team in the world.
Regular Season.
By the middle of the regular season the Dragons were leading the competition.
Transfers.
Gains
Losses 

</doc>
<doc id="31024339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024339" title="Gymnophryxe theodori">
Gymnophryxe theodori

Gymnophryxe theodori is a Palaearctic species of tachinid flies in the genus "Gymnophryxe" of the family Tachinidae.
Distribution.
Palaearctic: China.

</doc>
<doc id="31024344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024344" title="NEXI">
NEXI

NEXI may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31024353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024353" title="Adel Khozam">
Adel Khozam

Adel Khozam (born 1963) is an Emarati poet, writer, journalist, and broadcaster, currently working in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. He is a debuty manager of Sama Dubai TV channel. Since 1984 he has published three poetry collections, a history of Emirati visual art and has also written music for theatre and the cinema. His work has been published in "Banipal" magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="31024373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024373" title="Fawziyya al-Sindi">
Fawziyya al-Sindi

Fawziyya al-Sindi is a Bahraini poet. She has published five collections of poetry since 1982 and has had work published in "Banipal" magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="31024375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024375" title="Jordi Ramisa">
Jordi Ramisa

Jordi Ramisa (born October 6, 1960) is a Catalan architect, a sculptor and a drawing professor.
Ramisa was born in Barcelona. In 1979 he obtained the "Baccalauréat de l'Enseignement du Second Degré" by the Academy of Toulouse and the Paul Sabatier University. He is a gradueate of the "Escola Tècnica Superior d'Arquitectura de Barcelona" (School of Architecture of Barcelona) (" Universitat Politècnica de Catalunya"), 1994. He is co-author, along with the sculptor Josep Ramisa, of the obverses of fifteen Barcelona 1992 Olympic Official Commemorative Medals. He has exhibited a medal called Olympic movement in the British Museum in the exhibition In the Round organized by the FIDEM (Fédération Internationale de la Médaille d'Art - International Art Medal Federation) in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="31024376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024376" title="Modern history of Libya">
Modern history of Libya

Articles on the modern history of Libya:

</doc>
<doc id="31024377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024377" title="2011 UK Open Qualifier 1">
2011 UK Open Qualifier 1

The 2011 UK Open Qualifier 1 was the first of eight 2011 UK Open Darts Qualifiers which was held at the Metrodome in Barnsley on Saturday 26 February.

</doc>
<doc id="31024380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024380" title="Gymnophryxe carthaginiensis">
Gymnophryxe carthaginiensis

Gymnophryxe carthaginiensis is a Palaearctic species of tachinid flies in the genus "Gymnophryxe" of the family Tachinidae.
Distribution.
Palaearctic: China, Southern Europe & North Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="31024381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024381" title="Jakarta Timur FC">
Jakarta Timur FC

East Jakarta FC (stands for East Jakarta Football Club) is an Indonesian football club based in East Jakarta, Jakarta. Club played in Liga Indonesia First Division.
East Jakarta FC stadium named Bea Cukai Stadium. Its location was in downtown Rawamangun, East Jakarta, Jakarta.

</doc>
<doc id="31024387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024387" title="All Saints Church, Thurgarton">
All Saints Church, Thurgarton

All Saints' Church, Thurgarton, is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Thurgarton, Norfolk, England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building, and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands in an isolated position on a crossroads north of the village, south of Cromer, to the west of the A140 road.
History.
The church dates from the 14th century. The west tower fell in 1882, and was replaced by a vestry at the west end in 1924. The roof was re-thatched in 1984–85.
Architecture.
Exterior.
All Saints' is constructed in flint and has a thatched roof. Its plan consists of a three-bay nave, a south porch, a chancel and a west vestry. In the west wall of the nave are two lancet windows. Along the south wall are three two-light windows dating from the 19th century in Decorated style. On the north side is one similar window and a doorway. In the south wall of the chancel are a two-light window with Y-tracery, a priest's door, and a late medieval two-light window. The east window has three lights and dates from the 19th century. At the southeast corner of the church is a buttress through which is a passage. The south porch has two storeys, with the bell sited in the upper storey.
Interior.
The nave roof is scissor braced, and the chancel roof is a hammerbeam. In the church are the remains of a rood stairway. The interior of the church is notable for its medieval benches with carved ends. The carvings include poppyheads, an elephant, barrels, mythical beasts, a man, a lion, and fighting dogs. On a wall are the remains of painted texts. Also in the church are a 19th-century fretwork screen, and communion rails with balusters. The font is medieval with an 18th-century cover.

</doc>
<doc id="31024389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024389" title="Blading (disambiguation)">
Blading (disambiguation)

Blading can refer to;

</doc>
<doc id="31024404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024404" title="Gymnophryxe inconspicua">
Gymnophryxe inconspicua

Gymnophryxe inconspicua is a Palaearctic species of tachinid flies in the genus "Gymnophryxe" of the family Tachinidae.
Distribution.
Palaearctic: China, Western & Southern Europe, Mongolia, Western Siberia.

</doc>
<doc id="31024420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024420" title="1999 DMC Cup">
1999 DMC Cup

The DMC Cup was a three match One Day International cricket series which took place between 11-14 September 1999. The tournament was held in Canada, and involved India and the West Indies. The tournament was won by India, who won the series 2-1. The West Indies then went on to compete in the 1999 DCM Trophy days later against Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="31024425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024425" title="2011 in Paraguayan football">
2011 in Paraguayan football

The 2011 season is the 101st season of competitive football in Paraguay.
National teams.
The home team or the team that is designated as the home team is listed in the left column; the away team is in the right column.
League Tables.
Primera División.
Relegation.
Relegations is determined at the end of the season by computing an average () of the number of points earned per game over the past three seasons. The two teams with the lowest average is relegated to the División Intermedia for the following season. 

</doc>
<doc id="31024428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024428" title="List of Chairmen of the Supreme Soviet of the Latvian Soviet Socialist Republic">
List of Chairmen of the Supreme Soviet of the Latvian Soviet Socialist Republic

The Chairman of the Supreme Soviet of the Latvian Soviet Socialist Republic was the presiding officer of that legislature. It is not to be confused with the Chairman of the Presidium of the Latvian Soviet Socialist Republic; he was the head of state.

</doc>
<doc id="31024443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024443" title="Bengali Education movement">
Bengali Education movement

Education movement in east Pakistan (now Bangladesh) was a movement circulated by students and peoples to cancel the odd education policy applied by Ayub Khan.

</doc>
<doc id="31024453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024453" title="Gymnophryxe nudigena">
Gymnophryxe nudigena

Gymnophryxe nudigena is a Palaearctic species of tachinid flies in the genus "Gymnophryxe" of the family Tachinidae. 
Distribution.
Palaearctic: Western Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="31024482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024482" title="Feuchtwanger Stable">
Feuchtwanger Stable

Feuchtwanger Stable is a historic stable building located in Fort Greene, Brooklyn, New York, New York. It was built in 1888 in the Romanesque Revival style. It is a three story brick structure trimmed with stone and terra cotta. The first floor features three wide, round arches that once served as entrances for horses.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="31024485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024485" title="Adriana Dorn">
Adriana Dorn

Adriana de Lourdes Dorn Rodríguez (born December 30, 1986) is a Nicaraguan beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Nicaragua 2011 and represented her country in the 2011 Miss Universe 
Early life.
Born in Managua, Dorn holds a bachelor's degree in public relations with a minor in business management, human development and family studies at Penn State University. She is currently completing postgraduate studies in marketing management.
Miss Nicaragua.
Dorn, who stands tall, competed as one of 14 finalists in her country's national beauty pageant, Miss Nicaragua, held in Managua on February 26, 2011, where she obtained the "Best Face" award and became the eventual winner of the title, gaining the right to represent Nicaragua in the 2011 Miss Universe pageant, broadcast live from São Paulo, Brazil on September 12, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31024526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024526" title="Frank Lewis">
Frank Lewis

Frank Lewis may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31024554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024554" title="PSBK Blitar">
PSBK Blitar

PSBK stands for Persatuan Sepakbola Blitar Kota ("en: Football Association of Blitar City"). PSBK Blitar is an Indonesian football club based in Blitar, East Java, Indonesia. Club played in Liga Indonesia First Division. 
PSBK stadium named Gelora Supriyadi Stadium. Its location was in downtown Blitar.

</doc>
<doc id="31024565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024565" title="Mukkamala, East Godavari">
Mukkamala, East Godavari

Mukkamala () is a village in Ambajipeta mandal of East Godavari district, Andhra Pradesh, India.
Eminent Astrophysicist Appadvedula Lakshmi Narayan, better known as A. L. Narayan was born in this village.
Demographics.
According to Indian census, 2001, the demographic details of this village is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="31024568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024568" title="Sakshi (newspaper)">
Sakshi (newspaper)

Sakshi is Telugu language daily newspaper in India and world. Sakshi is published in 23 editions by Jagati Publication. It is owned by Y. S. Jaganmohan Reddy (son of the late Andhra Pradesh chief minister Y. S. Rajasekhara Reddy) and run by Sajjala Ramakrishna ReddyNeeded, the editorial director of Jagati Publications.
History.
"Sakshi" was launched on March 24, 2008, the first regional newspaper designed by the world renowned newspaper designer, Mario Garcia. According to Price Water House Audit, the newspaper had an initial print run of 1,286,670. Sakshi news paper started with an introductory price of Rs 2/- per week day which led "Sakshi" to became one of the top ten of regional newspapers in India. The Mudra Institute of Communications from Ahmedabad visited "Sakshi" to study this success.
Circulation.
According to the Audit Bureau of Circulation, circulation figures released in October, 2010, "Sakshi" is the second largest circulating newspaper in Andhra Pradesh after "Eenadu" with a circulation figure of more than 1.3 million. It is one of the richest Indian newspapers. In August 2010, its AIR stood at 4.638 million.
"Sakshi" began with 23 editions published simultaneously from 19 cities in Andhra Pradesh along with the four metropolitan areas of Mumbai, Delhi, Chennai and Bangalore. This record was acknowledged by the "Limca Book of Records". "Sakshi" was the first newspaper in India to publish all of its pages in colour. "Sakshi" is now available online every day with all of its editions along with the regional editions.
Revenue from advertisements in "Sakshi" passed Rs 10,000,000,000 during the last four years and ten months.
According to ABC Audit (July - December 2012), circulation reached 1,538,845 with a readership base of 14.3 million.
According to ABC Audit (January - June 2013), Circulation has fallen to 1,250,664 with readership base of 3.3 million .
Sakshipost.
Sakshipost is the "Sakshi" group's first online news portal.
Sakshi Education.
Sakshi Education provides in-depth concepts for students who are planning to appear for board and competitive examinations. In addition to this, students will have mock and online tests which will enhance their performance in IIT-JEE, EAMCET, ICET etc. It offers expert articles to enhance communication skills in English and provides current affairs for competitive exams. It acts as a link between students, career prospects and subject experts.
Criticism.
Sakshi has been widely criticized due to its partiality towards the Jagan mohan Reddy, Though sakshi is praised for its approach towards other issues related to charity outside. it still criticized as a propaganda source and circulator by many.

</doc>
<doc id="31024571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024571" title="Ranana">
Ranana

Rānana is a settlement 60 km from Whanganui along the Whanganui River. It was named by the missionary Richard Taylor in the 19th century and is a Māori transliteration of London.

</doc>
<doc id="31024574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024574" title="Kunwar Sarvesh Kumar Singh">
Kunwar Sarvesh Kumar Singh

Kunwar Sarvesh Kumar Singh Hindi: "कुँवर सर्वेश कुमार सिंह" also known as Rakesh Singh is currently Member of Parliament from Moradabad, India from Bharatiya Janata Party. He is veteran and influential politician from Western Uttar Pradesh. He and his father Rampal Singh has links with many princely states.He is the present Maharaja of Saupari estate. His wife Kunwarani Sadhna Singh is daughter of Maharaja of Kookra estate and have strong relations with Haldaur estate. He is one of the Bahubali politician in Uttar Pradesh. He was five term MLA from Thakurdwara from 1991 to 2007 and 2012 to 2014 till he got elected as MP from Moradabad Lok Sabha General Election in 2014.He is often associated with social work and active politics for over four decades.
Personal life.
He was born on 23 December 1952 to Raja Rampal Singh of Saupari estate who was 4 time M.L.A from Thakurdwara and 1 time M.P from Amroha (Lok Sabha constituency). Later due to some reasons he have to shift to his maternal grandmother house as she had no legal heir after her. He married to Kunwarani Sadhna Singh of Kookra estate and had one daughter and one son.
Political Activeness.
Though his father was one of the prominent leader during the 1970s and 80s of Congress but Kunwar Sarvesh Kumar Singh lost many local elections like chairman, councillor etc. But in 1991 he won his ancestral seat Thakurdwara as B.J.P candidate and remained till 2007 when Vijay Yadav from B.S.P won Thakurdwara Seat. He contested from B.J.P candidate on M.P. Elections in 2009 in Moradabad but lost by Mohammad Azharuddin. He contested in 2012 legislative election in Thakurdwara as B.J.P candidate and won election after a gap of five years. He too fielded his wife Kunwarani Sadhna Singh from Mahan Dal Party in Barhapur to polarise votes to defeat B.J.P candidate Dr. Indradev Singh who betrayed him during 2009 elections.In 2014 during Lok Sabha elections, he was given ticket from Moradabad and he won against Samajwadi Party candidate Dr. S.T. Hassan with margin of 87504 votes.
Properties.
He owns and lives in an ancestral haveli in Ratupura Village. He owns many colleges,schools and factories in Thakurdwara,Kashipur and Moradabad through his father's trust (Babu Rampal Singh Trust). He is a great lover of cars and have more than 17 SUV cars in his house. His properties worth more than 70 million.
Cases.
IPC Section on him are 419,424,420,467,768,471,506,188,147,323,504 are cases in which he is accused but not convicted in any of theses cases. The cases that he is accused are rioting,Disobedience to order duly promulgated by public servant,voluntarily causing hurt, cheating by impersonation, cheating and dishonestly inducing delivery of property,Dishonest or fraudulent removal or concealment of property,Using as genuine a forged document or electronic record,Intentional insult with intent to provoke breach of the peace,criminal intimidation,Forgery of valuable security, will, etc.
Legacy.
He is the first ever MP after independence from BJP serving from Moradabad.He was only serving MLA from Thakurdwara for serving the most from this constituency in Assembly Elections for five terms all on BJP tickets. His high stature has earned very much popularity in the Indian politics. With his simple stature and visionary outlook, he has huge followers in this region.He launched several developmental schemes in this region and has also tried hard to get loan facility better for farmer, small business and large business. For that he has involved various national as well as regional banks in his prospective financial projects.The leading parliamentarian has worked on a number of developmental projects and constructive activities, which include the laying foundation of schools/colleges, appointing of school teachers, civic buildings, long-delayed bridges, getting road constructed & qualified doctors worked in primary health centres, and keeping crime in check to a large extent in Moradabad.
Kanth Violence Incident,2014.
After MP elections in 2014,though He won the Lok Sabha consituency but lost from his own ruling Thakurdwara Vidhan Sabha Seat by few hundreds votes.Kanth,another nearby Vidhan Sabha seat an incident pertains to the removal of a loudspeaker from the Sant Ravidas temple in Akbarpur Chaderi in Kanth. The temple attracts a large number of Dalit devotees and the loudspeaker, according to locals, had been there for several years. In early June, however, people of the Muslim community had in a written representation demanded that it be removed.The administration did not try to solve the dispute by involving elders of the two communities, and instead on Thursday 26 June, a police team broke open the lock on its gate, barged into the temple and removed the loudspeaker. According to eye-witnesses, the policemen thrashed men and women who protested, and later arrested about a dozen people including women.The next day (Friday 27 June) a demonstration was held in main Kanth market and the crowd blocked the Moradabad-Hardwar road. The crowd was demanding that the loudspeaker be reinstalled and the arrested people be released.Amid the inaction of the police and administration, some people announced that they would install the loudspeaker themselves, and then the police cracked down on them. In the ensuing fracas several were injured. It is reported that the police went berserk after this, dragged people out of their homes and arrested them.It is learnt that after 26 June, district and police officials tried to win over a section of the BJP leaders and even the Moradabad MP Kunwar Sarvesh Kumar Singh, to come up with a compromise formula.However, the situation took an ugly turn as this news spread and the hardline Hindu Jagaran Manch took the matter into its own hands.The BJP then jumped into the fray and called for a mahapanchayat on this issue on 4 July. Moradabad MP Kunwar Sarvesh Kumar Singh, Amroha MP Kunwar Singh Tanwar, Sambhal MP Satyapal Saini, Rampur MP Nepal Singh, MLA Sangeet Som and their supporters were briefly detained when they were arriving for the mahapanchayat.Sangeet Som is also an accused in the Muzaffarnagar Riots. Moradabad district magistrate Chandrakant was seriously injured Friday when a mob threw stones at policemen after the BJP leaders’ arrest. The official was sent to hospital for a serious head and eye injury. BJP supporters fought pitched battles at Kanth as police carried out lathi charge, lobbed teargas shells and shot blanks in the air to disperse the crowds which had stopped some trains.The district administration was more intent on stopping the mahapanchayat rather than solving the issue, he said. The state BJP has constituted a four-member team that will look into the incident and submit a report to the party leadership.Senior Superintendent of Police (SSP) of Moradabad, Dharamvir Yadav, in an uncharacteristically political statement, on Saturday blamed the BJP for the tense situation in Kanth, and said that BJP MP Kunwar Sarvesh Kumar Singh had wanted to “polarise the situation ahead of the by-elections to be held in the state.” He said the BJP’s mahapanchayat call had only added to the already volatile situation.

</doc>
<doc id="31024576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024576" title="Seán Conlan">
Seán Conlan

Seán Conlan (born 1975) is an Irish Fine Gael politician. He was elected as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Cavan–Monaghan constituency at the 2011 general election.
He lives in Ballybay, County Monaghan. A solicitor by profession, he was educated at St Macartan's College, Monaghan and at University College Dublin where he obtained an honours degree in Economics. He is son of John Conlan who was TD for Monaghan and Cavan–Monaghan, and also a Senator.
Conlan was elected to Ballybay Town Council at the 2009 local elections, topping the poll on his first attempt. In January 2011 he was added (with only four weeks left) to the Fine Gael ticket for the February general election.
Conlan was the subject of controversy when it was revealed by the "Irish Independent" that he had hired his girlfriend (a practicing barrister) for the position of his Dáil assistant in 2012. The position comes with annual salary of €50,000.

</doc>
<doc id="31024601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024601" title="Heliodorus (fly)">
Heliodorus (fly)

Heliodorus is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.

</doc>
<doc id="31024636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024636" title="Hochschule für Bildende Künste Braunschweig">
Hochschule für Bildende Künste Braunschweig

The Braunschweig University of Art (Hochschule für Bildende Künste Braunschweig, HBK) is the second largest College of Fine Arts in Germany.
History.
The history of the “Hochschule für Bildende Künste” (College of Fine Arts) – abbreviated as HBK - in Brunswick (Braunschweig) goes back to the “Zeichnen-Instithut” (Drawing Institute) founded by the Brunswick Business Association in 1841 and which was first led by Johannes Selenka. From that Drawing Institute, the state-approved urban “Handwerker-Kunstgewerbeschule” (Artisan Arts and Crafts School) developed via various stages, and shortly thereafter the “Meisterschule des Deutschen Handwerks” (Master School of German Craftsmanship) developed.
The real precursor of the HBK was founded in 1952: the urban “Werkkunstschule Braunschweig” (Art College Brunswick). It became the “Staatliche Hochschule für Bildende Künste” (State College of Fine Arts) – abbreviated as SHFBK - and in 1978 it became the HBK. The SHFBK was already equated with the academic universities of Lower Saxony since 1972 and a few years later it was included in the Lower Saxony Higher Education Act as an artistic and scientific university. Since then the HBK has the right to award doctoral degrees as well as habilitation. Associated with this recognition was an extension in staff and space. In 1984, the award-winning new building of the Brunswick architects Kraemer, Sieverts & Partners was completed. A few years later, a multi-storied former factory building was rebuilt in which many of the artistic classes and workshops are housed. As a final addition, the library became an expansion which was built with parts of the dismantled Mexican pavilion from the EXPO 2000 by architect Ricardo Legorreta.
About 1,200 students are currently enrolled in the courses Media Studies (Bachelor and Master), Science of Art (Bachelor, Master and PhD), Fine Arts (Diploma), Communication Design (Bachelor and Master), Industrial Design (Bachelor, Master and phD), Art Education (Bachelor), as well as Performing Arts / Arts in Action (Bachelor, Master of Education) at HBK.
Characteristics.
The special profile of the HBK consists of relatively open studies. Individual projects, the discourse between students and professors and finally the discourse between the students (learning from and with each other) are supported. Students have the opportunity to link different subjects together and participate in all college courses and activities.
Persons.
Visual Arts

</doc>
<doc id="31024638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024638" title="Gerald Nash">
Gerald Nash

Gerald Nash (born December 1975) is an Irish Labour Party politician. He was elected as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Louth constituency at the 2011 general election. He was a member of Louth County Council for the Drogheda area from 2000 to 2011, and a member of Drogheda Town Council from 1999 to 2011. He served as mayor of Drogheda from 2004 to 2005.
Nash was diagnosed with Crohn's disease at age 15.

</doc>
<doc id="31024658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024658" title="Elsword">
Elsword

Elsword (Korean: 엘소드) is a free-to-play, 2.5-dimensional side-scrolling action MMORPG developed by the South Korean company KOG Studios. It features real-time action gameplay and includes both player vs. environment and player vs. player modes. There are several playable characters within the game, each with unique backstories and distinct abilities. While playing the game is free, some items and costumes can be purchased through in-game "Item Mall" using real currency.
Gameplay.
Elsword features skill-based action gameplay combined with role-playing elements and community features typical of an MMORPG, such as guilds, chat, and item trading. Gameplay can be controlled using either a keyboard and mouse or a gamepad.
Classes.
Elsword the Knight "(Warrior)"
First Job Change~
Second Job Change~
Aisha the Magician "(Sorcerer)"
First Job Change~
Second Job Change~
Rena the Ranger "(Archer)"
First Job Changes~
Second Job Change~
Raven the Taker "(Berserker)"
First Job Change~
Second Job Change~
Eve, Another Code "(Mechanic)"
First Job Change~
Second Job Change~
Chung the Guardian "(Shooter, Cannon Blaster)"
First Job Change~
Second Job Change~
Ara the Spearman "(Martial Artist)"
First Job Change~
Second Job Change~
Elesis the Free Knight "(a Knight unbound by the rules of the kingdom; in this case, Velder)"
First Job Change~
Second Job Change~
Add the Tracer "(a special Mechanic that Traces energy, stores it, then releases in the form of Electricity, with the use of the Nasod Dynamo)"
First Job Change~
Second Job Change~
Skills.
There are different types of skills available in Elsword. You can choose different types of skills as you level up. There are mainly Six types of Skills: Passive, Active, Buff, Special Active, Sealed Skills, and Hyper Active.
Passive is a skill that is always on effect after obtaining it. It will be on effect without any mana cost as long as the conditions are met. There are many types of Passives. There are some that increases your Attack or Defense, there are some that gives special effects, and there are also some that strengthens other skills.
Active is a skill that requires some mana to activate it. It usually does not have a very strong damage so the mana cost and the cooldown is very low. Mana cost ranges from 5~100 and cooldown ranges from 1~65. Actives may damage your opponent, may help your allies, or even restore your health or mana.
Buff is a skill that gives you and your allies a special effect or a power boost for a limited time when activated. It's activation can be easily interrupted, so it has a very short cooldown. However, the buff usually gives a huge advantage to a side, so the mana cost is relatively high. There are also skills called De-Buff Skills that Weakens your enemy for a short time. Mana cost ranges from 50~80, cooldown ranges from 10~30 and buff duration ranges from 3~60.
Special Active is a skill that has a special skill image when activated. The damage is relatively powerful, so it has a very high mana cost. Also, most Special Actives cannot be used as a combo, but there are some that can. If a Special Active is interrupted, its mana will not be refunded and its cooldown will start, but its interruption chance is very low. Mana cost ranges from 50~300 and cooldown ranges from 5~30
Locked Skills are a type of skills that require completing a quest to be unlocked. After completing the quest, the NPC Camilla gives you a skill unlocking book that can unlock a certain type of Locked Skill. Due to this down side, they usually are stronger than most skills. Locked Skills, when unlocked, can become a Passive, Active or a Special Active. There are 4 Locked Skills for every Character. They are Basic, Intermediate, Advanced, and Expert, which can be unlocked at level 30, level 40, level 45, and level 60, respectively. The higher the Seal Level, the harder it is to unlock.
Hyper Actives are the strongest skill in the game, though they are unavailable in NA and other servers. It is also a Locked Skill and can be unlocked at level 65. Hyper Actives may decrease an enemy player's life to half or even cause a One-Hit Kill when landed successfully. They require 300 MP to use and always has a 180 second cooldown, even if you have a cooldown reducing buff or a mana cost reducing buff. Additionally, Hyper Actives use up 1 El Essence, which can be obtained from Elstones. 1 Elstone yields 3 El Essences.
Player vs. Environment.
Players traverse the land of Elrios, defeating enemies and leveling-up to unlock new job classes and skills. As players explore the world they travel to eight unique regions, each containing a "hub" town and around 6 dungeons. In towns, players can receive quests from NPCs, purchase items, and interact with other players. Dungeons are instanced, offering co-op play for up to four players at a time. Some dungeons feature branching paths, light puzzle-solving, and interactive elements such as collapsing buildings. The game also features a number of special dungeons. In all there presently 60 different levels.
There are nine different playable characters to date. Each has three different job class paths they can choose from starting at level 15. Exception is Elsword's older sister Elesis. Ara has had two first and second job class paths revealed, and Elesis now also has two first and second job class paths revealed. Also, Add , the latest Character, only has two class path revealed. Each job class path offers specialization in a different play style along with unique skills.
Player vs. Player.
Player vs. player(PvP) takes place in special sparring and arena arenas designed for different numbers of players. Up to eight players can brawl at the same time. Both "survival mode" meaning everyone vs. everyone and "team" modes are available with team battles supporting up to 4 vs. 4. Servers have the option to fight 1 vs. 1, 2 vs. 2, and 3 vs. 3 matches. However, South Korean and North American servers, along with others, are in the process or have already removed the 2 vs. 2
Story.
The Elsword plot involves a mystical land named Elrios which was nurtured to life through the power of gem known as the El Stone. When the El Stone is stolen, Elsword and his allies go on a quest to recover it and bring the thieves to justice. Along the way, new allies join his team, now known as the "El Search Party". While this story ties the eight regions of the world together, each region also has multiple subplots that unfold as players complete the dungeons in that region. In addition, each character has a personal story that is told as they level up and select their job class path.
Characters.
Playable Characters.
These are characters which the players may play, and advance their classes and develop their skills accordingly.
Elsword
Aisha
Rena
Raven
Eve
Chung
Ara Haan
Elesis
Add
Non-playable Characters.
These are the more notable non-playable characters that the players may encounter in their gameplay.
Ruben.
Lowe
Hagus
Ann
Elder.
Ruichel
Hoffman
Echo
Lenpad
Hamel.
Penensio
Horatio
Lucy
Denka
All Towns.
Ariel
Luriel
Camilla
Media.
Manhwa.
There are a series of manhwa based on the game, published by Korean publisher Haksan Culture Company in a series of magazines called ElType. The magazines are created by KOG Studios, the creators of Elsword. They involve a main story in each magazine with short comic gags in the beginning and end. After the first four volumes had been released, the series went on a hiatus due to the main artist of Elsword leaving. Later on, KOG has created a short series of manhwas different from ElType, involving Chung and his transformation into his 2nd Job advancement.
ElType has been rebooted with a new team of artists during the release of Ara. The new title is now ElType Season 2. The first volume introduces Ara and her lore, along with numerous different short comics, each illustrated several different artists.
Official Guide Book.
There is an official guide book (공식 가이드 북) for the game, released on 8 October 2010.
Relationships with Grand Chase.
"Elsword" was originally a reboot of "Grand Chase", another MMORPG created by KOG Studios. The two games shared many similarities, such as Elsword, Aisha, and Rena formerly named Elesis, Arme, and Lire, respectively, who were few of the main characters of "Grand Chase". The obvious identical traits (such as the aforementioned) were scrapped when "Elsword" came out of beta testing as the two games were hosted by different companies. However, there are still many similarities between the two games, such as similar skill systems, names, character stories, traits, and monsters.

</doc>
<doc id="31024667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024667" title="Vangelis Trigas">
Vangelis Trigas

Vangelis Trigas is a virtuoso soloist and master of the bouzouki. 
He was born 1960 in Argos and began playing the bouzouki during the years of elementary school. He learned to play his first songs from his father, who was an amateur. He is self-taught, and began playing professionally at the age of 15. He has worked with many of the leading Greek singers. During his many collaborations, he concurrently began teaching in 1990. Most of his efforts to date are devoted to the study-research necessary, for the evolution of the bouzouki’s technique and organized curriculum.
Collaborations.
His most important collaborations were with Maria Farantouri in 2004, and George Dalaras in 2007. 
With Maria Farantouri, he had the opportunity to perform at great music venues in many European cities such as the Wiener Konzerthaus in Vienna, the Munich Philharmonic etc. With George Dalaras, he performed at the Odeon of Herodes Atticus, Athens Concert Hall, Thessaloniki Concert Hall, etc.
He has also collaborated in concerts with Mary Linda, Haris Alexiou, Dimitris Mitropanos, Marinela, Manolis Mitsias, Manolis Lidakis and many others.
Discography.
He has recorded three solo albums. Two of them, which are instrumentals that contain studies for the bouzouki are titled, "12 Organika Yia Trihordo Bouzouki(12 instrumentals for the three string bouzouki)" and "Se 3 Horthes (On three Strings)". The third one contains remakes of old popular songs entitled, "Aftoschethiasmi Ke Tragouthia Yia Bouzouki(improvisations and songs for the bouzouki)". 
He has also participated in several albums such as, "Otan Simvi Sta Parix(when it will happen at the Perix)" by George Dalaras, recorded in 2007 at the Odeon of Herodes Atticus, "San Tragoudi magemeno(like an enchanted song)" by George Dalaras, recorded in 2008 at the Concert Hall, "Afstiros Laikon(strictly folk)" by Manolis Lidakis, recorded in 2006, etc. 
Personal discography: 
His participations: 
Bibliography.
He has published the following books: 
Teaching Methods: 
With Scores: 
Folk Composers:
References.
2005 – TA NEA - Panos Geramanis

</doc>
<doc id="31024668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024668" title="Bogotá39">
Bogotá39

Bogotá39 was a collaborative project between the Hay Festival and Bogotá: UNESCO World Book Capital City 2007 in order to identify 39 of the most promising Latin American writers under the age of 39. The judges for the contest were three Colombian writers: Piedad Bonnett, Héctor Abad Faciolince and Óscar Collazos. The success of this project led to a similar project two years later called Beirut39, which selected 39 of the most promising writers from the Arab world.

</doc>
<doc id="31024677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024677" title="Hubbard House (Brooklyn)">
Hubbard House (Brooklyn)

Hubbard House, also known as Hubbard-Lucchelli House and Theresa Lucchelli House, is a historic home located in Brooklyn, New York. It is believed to have been built between 1825 and 1838. It is a small, white Dutch Colonial–style farmhouse. It consists of two sections: a -story, one-room-deep main section with a 2-story, one-room-wide by two-room-deep wing. It is covered with pine clapboard. Theresa Lucchelli (1902–1997) resided in the house from the age of two until her death.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="31024678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024678" title="Galåen">
Galåen

Galåen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31024688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024688" title="SemiEmpirical Energy Based">
SemiEmpirical Energy Based

SemiEmpirical Energy Based (SEEB) is a partition method introduced by Carvalho and Melo to study protein ligand association processes. This method enables the stabilization energy decomposition both into physically meaningful and spatial components. As this formalism was developed at a semiempirical quantum level, it enables also the complete separability of these components. The SEEB formalism was extended to describe protein-ligand interactions using a pair-wise potential. The results obtained enable us to conclude that the present decomposition scheme can be used for understanding the cohesive phenomena in proteins. Computational methods are of great interest to evaluate binding affinities between proteins and ligands, with many applications in structure-based drug design.
SEEB Descriptors.
The behaviour of SEEB descriptors was analysed with a MLR model. For this purpose a SEEB/MLR 3D-QSAR model was developed to evaluate the effiency of benzamide trypsin inhibitors. The predictive capability of SEEB is shown to achieve state of the art QSAR performances.

</doc>
<doc id="31024696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024696" title="David Sims (biologist)">
David Sims (biologist)

David Sims (born 7 June 1969) is an English biological scientist who is a Senior Research Fellow and Deputy Director for Research at the Laboratory of the Marine Biological Association (MBA) in Plymouth, and a Professor of Marine Ecology in the National Oceanography Centre Southampton at the University of Southampton, U.K.
He works in the fields of behavioural ecology and conservation biology conducting research on the spatial movements, behaviour and population structuring of marine fish, which are studied using a combination of techniques including miniature electronic animal-attached tracking devices, movement analysis using methods transferred from statistical physics, and computer models of search efficiency and re-distribution patterns. His work cuts across fields from animal behaviour to applied physics and fisheries management to climate change.
Background.
He attained a First Class Honours degree in Biological Sciences (1991) and a Ph.D in animal behaviour (1994) which was undertaken in part at the MBA Laboratory under the supervision of Dr Quentin Bone FRS whilst in receipt of a personal studentship from the Natural Environment Research Council. He was a lecturer in the Zoology Department at the University of Aberdeen before taking up a NERC-funded Fellowship at the Marine Biological Association Laboratory in Plymouth in 2000.
Awards.
He has been awarded a ‘Scientist of the New Century’ Lecture from the Royal Institution of Great Britain (2001), honorary Life Membership of the Royal Institution of Great Britain (2001), the FSBI Medal from the Fisheries Society of the British Isles (2007), and the Stanley Gray Silver Medal from the Institute of Marine Engineering, Science and Technology, IMarEST (2008).
Research.
David Sims is known for his discovery of Lévy scaling laws of search behaviour patterns across diverse predator species (reptiles, sharks, bony fish, penguins) and that these patterns occur in habitats with sparse prey, as predicted by theory.
This work has provided perhaps the strongest empirical evidence for the existence of biological Lévy flights, a specialised random search pattern that was theorised to be a new principle in ecology in 1999. It is said that Sims’ work has shifted the debate on biological Lévy flights from whether they exist, to how and why they arise. His work also represents the first test of the Lévy flight foraging hypothesis, which states that since Lévy flights can optimise random searches, search patterns must have naturally evolved in organisms to exploit Lévy flights. This presents the possibility that searching movements approximated by Lévy patterns have evolved in diverse organisms, from microbes to humans.
Other findings include the first measurements of how predatory fish actually respond to variations in prey density gradients in the ocean, empirical data that has informed search algorithms, and the biological significance of ocean fronts to predators, which have potential as candidates for high seas marine protected areas (MPAs). 
Sims and colleagues also demonstrated how timings of migrations of commercially important fish and squid vary in response to rapid climate-driven changes in sea temperature that have occurred over the past few decades They found phenological changes in migration shifted by up to two months in years with the greatest temperature changes, variations which have consequences for fisheries and their management.
Sims is also known for his long-term study of the behavioural ecology of the plankton-feeding basking shark, the world’s second largest fish. He showed from natural experiments and theoretical calculations, then tested the predictions directly using satellite tracking, that basking sharks do not hibernate in winter, overturning an understanding which had stood for nearly 50 years.
His research group has also documented geographical sexual segregation of sharks, and identified that this behavioural trait can interact with spatially focussed longlining fisheries to increase the risk of population decline in these vulnerable species. They have also been involved with several technological advances, such as the first use of GPS tags to track large fish in the ocean.
Science and media.
David Sims’ research has been published in leading scientific journals including Nature and Proceedings of the Royal Society B. It has also received media attention, including articles in New Scientist, Nature, Science, Science News, Physics World, and in documentaries and films such as "Email From A Shark", which won the British Council Youth and Science Award at the Helsingborg Film Festival, Sweden, in 2004. Professor Sims has featured in several wildlife documentary programmes for BBC Television, such as BBC1 "Animal Camera" with Steve Leonard (10 March 2004), BBC Radio 4 Natural History Programme, and Channel 5 "Nick Baker's Weird Creatures" episode 5 – the basking shark (16 February 2007).

</doc>
<doc id="31024697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024697" title="Vienna Business School">
Vienna Business School

Vienna Business School is the name of private educational institutions in Austria with a focus on business and economics, operated in Vienna and Mödling by the Fonds der Wiener Kaufmannschaft (Viennese Merchants Guild).
Overview.
The Fonds der Wiener Kaufmannschaft operates six commercial academies (Handelsakademien) and six commercial schools (Handelsschulen) in Vienna and Mödling. In addition, commercial collegs, consolidation courses as well as courses at the University of Applied Sciences of the Wiener Wirtschaft, are offered in cooperation with the "Wirtschaftskammer Wien" (Vienna Commercial Chamber). According to the statute of the Fonds der Wiener Kaufmannschaft, these institutions have the explicit aim to educate commercially competent young talent for the Wiener Wirtschaft.
Educational institutions and courses operated by the Vienna Business School:
History.
The Handelsakademie Wien was founded in 1857, the second "Handelsakademie" in the Austrian Empire after Prague, and instruction started in the following year with five teachers and 59 pupils. The first president of the Handelsakademie was Friedrich Schey von Koromla. The building of the "Handelsakademie" in the Akademiestraße near Karlsplatz was designed by the architect Ferdinand Fellner dem Älteren and completed in 1862.
The so-called "Neue Wiener Handelsakademie" (New Vienna Commercial Academy) was founded in 1905 by the "Wiener Kaufmännischen Verein" (Vienna Commercial Association). The school building was built in 1906 and 1907 in the Hamerlingplatz, designed by Julius and Wunibald Deininger. Also in 1907, the first "Wiener Handelsakademie für Mädchen" (Vienna Commercial Academy for Girls) was established in the Schönborngasse by the physicist Dr. Olga Ehrenhaft-Steindler. In the other "Handelsakademien", girls were only taught in separate classes from 1921 onwards.
In the 1920s, the "Wiener Handelsakademien" were taken over by the Council of the Vienna Merchants, from 1940 until 1954 it was administered by the city of Vienna. After 1952, the "Wiener Handelsakademien" were introduced into the newly founded "Fonds der Wiener Kaufmannschaft" (Fonds of the Viennese Merchants). Since 1997, the "Handelsakademien" operate under the name Vienna Business School.
Education.
Education at the Vienna Business School lasts five years, and ends with the "Reife- und Diplomprüfung" (Matura). Notebooks are used in all classes from year two onwards, two foreign languages are compulsory, a third foreign language can be chosen as an optional course. From the third year onwards, all students must choose an "Ausbildungsschwerpunkt" (key area of training) from the following options: "Marketing und internationale Geschäftstätigkeit" (Marketing and International Business), "Controlling und Jahresabschluss" (Controlling and Annual Financial Statements), "Wirtschaftsinformatik und betriebliche Organisation" (business IT and business organisation), "Management-Praxis", and "Multimedia und Webdesign". What distinguishes the Vienna Business Schools from most other Handelsakademien is its international outlook and focus on practical learning: all students must complete two year-long projects (years three and five), one of them being the "Maturaprojekt" (a-levels project) in the relevant "Ausbildungsschwerpunkt". Furthermore, in the subject "Übungsfirma" (virtual enterprise), pupils 'work' in a virtual company for three hours a week, and take part in an international virtual trade fair.
The academic rigour in the Handelsakademien means that dropout rates after the first year can be as high as 40 per cent. A selective admissions process and initiatives such as the 'learning club' have meant that dropout rates at the Vienna Business School usually range between 20 and 23 per cent.
The successful Vienna Business School model has also been exported elsewhere; for example, a Russian Delegation visited to familiarise itself with the Austrian education system, and the Vienna Business School in particular, and on a separate occasion the president of the Russian Chamber of Commerce visited the Vienna Business School in 2007.
The international outlook of the VBS model is further illustrated by the fact that the HAK Floridsdorf (Franklinstrasse) is a UNESCO school (one of 44 in Austria), and has partner schools in Denmark and Poland. Furthermore, there is an emphasis on familiarising students with the European Union, for example through "Europatage" (Europe days) or projects, as for example in the case of the HAK Floridsdorf.
Through the concept of HAK Plus, the Vienna Business School focuses particularly on exceptionally talented students, and enriches the existing HAK curriculum with additional skills, such as methodological, personal and social competences, as well as encouraging students to participate in extracurricular activities.
Reputation.
Vienna Business Schools can often be found in top positions in Austrian school rankings. Vienna Business Schools also have top-ranks in "Bundesländer" (state-level) rankings.
The Vienna Business Schools have a particularly good reputation in so far as their education has a project oriented, interdisciplinary focus with an emphasis on personal development, as well as putting a premium on the use of modern technologies. Liz Hull, Head of Human Resources at PricewaterhouseCoopers in Austria, states that "In our experience, those university graduates that have attended commercial academies are particularly client-focused, inquisitive and socially competent. In addition, they catch on in areas such as accounting a lot quicker than others".
Many prominent members of the Austrian political, cultural and business elite are among the alumni of the Vienna Business School. Among the most prominent former students is the current "Bundespräsident" (Federal President) of Austria, Heinz Fischer.
Cooperation with Business.
The Vienna Business Schools have close links with major Austrian companies, such as the Raiffeisen Bank, BauMaxx (hypermarket chain), the Generali Group (insurance), and Uniqa, and multinationals such as Acer, Microsoft, Canon, and JVC. Businesses often hold 'career days' at the schools, and get involved with various projects.

</doc>
<doc id="31024709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024709" title="List of Oxfordshire boundary changes">
List of Oxfordshire boundary changes

Boundary changes affecting the English county of Oxfordshire.
Notes.
† These areas were entirely detached from the remainder of Buckinghamshire.<br>
Note b: The parish of Stratton Audley was partly in Buckinghamshire and partly in Oxfordshire until 1844.<br>

</doc>
<doc id="31024715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024715" title="AutoeBid">
AutoeBid

AutoeBid (AutoeBid.com) is a UK based reverse auction site for buying cars owned and maintained by Commission It Ltd. The company claim to be the first to offer a reverse auction platform for buying new cars in the UK and the world. The competition between the dealers results in an average 24% savings for customers.
In 2004 AutoeBid won an e-Commerce Award from the Department of Trade and Industry and was short listed among the finalists of the Thames Gateway Awards in 2006.
In 2006 the company was among the first to introduce a carbon offset programme in cooperation with Climate Care paying it to offset 3 tonnes of CO2 for each car purchased via the system.

</doc>
<doc id="31024729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024729" title="Friede sei mit Dir">
Friede sei mit Dir

The relief sculpture Friede sei mit Dir ("Peace be with you" or "Friede be with you"), also known as the cock of Berlin is a work of art by sculptor Peter Lenk. It is located in Berlin at the building of the editorial staff of German newspaper taz.
The sculpture displays living persons, who were involuntarily used in controversial headlines by newspaper Bild-Zeitung. The five floor stretched main part of the caricature represents Bild-chief-editor Kai Diekmann. The top floor title "Friede sei mit dir" refers to Friede Springer, publisher of Bild-Zeitung.
The prehistory of the sculpture was a satirical article and the following lawsuit (2002). Journalist Gerhard Henschel in an satirical article had claimed Kai Diekmann had undergone a failed medical enhancement operation. Kai Dieckmann in his personal rights case unsuccessfully sued for damages. The court held, that the claimant in his function as chief editor of Bild had willingly decided to become an actor in a personal rights infringing business, from which he was profiting economically. Therefore he would not be entitled to maximum protection against infringement of his own personal rights.
The sculpture itself was installed in 2009 and remains legally unchallenged.

</doc>
<doc id="31024747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024747" title="Chicago Express (basketball team)">
Chicago Express (basketball team)

The Chicago Express was a professional basketball franchise based in Chicago, Illinois, in 1988. The team played its inaugural season in the World Basketball League. Larry Jordan, older brother of Chicago Bulls star Michael Jordan played for the Express, which advanced to the WBL championship game in 1988, losing to the Las Vegas Silver Streaks 102-95 on September 9, 1988.
After the 1988 season, the franchise moved to Springfield, Illinois and played two more seasons as the Illinois Express before folding for good in late 1990.
While in Chicago, the Express played its home games at the Rosemont Horizon.

</doc>
<doc id="31024769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024769" title="Klang/old">
Klang/old

Klang may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="31024786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024786" title="Italy Under-19 cricket team">
Italy Under-19 cricket team

The Italy Under-19 cricket team represents the country of Italy in Under-19 international cricket.
Since their first match in 1999, the team have played in every edition of the European Under-19 Division Two Championship. In the most recent tournament in 2009 they finished third losing only to Belgium and Isle of Man.
Current Squad.
The Italy Under-19 squad selected for the 2009 European Under-19 Division Two:
Future.
Italy are due to take part in 2011 European Under-19 Division Two, which provides, for the first time, a chance to qualify for Under-19 Division One in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="31024789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024789" title="Seeb Palace">
Seeb Palace

Seeb Palace or Bait al Baraka is a royal palace in Seeb, near Muscat, Oman. It is home to the Royal Oman Symphony Orchestra, established in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="31024796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024796" title="SEC Classification">
SEC Classification

The SEC Classification is the classification of Indian consumers on the basis of parameters. Traditionally the two parameters used to categorize consumers were: Occupation and Education of the chief wage earner (Head) of the households.The SEC classification,created in 1988, was ratified by Market Research Society of India (MRSI), is used by most media researchers and brand managers to understand the Indian consuming class.Originally developed by IMRB International as a way of understanding market segments, and consumer behavior it was standardized and adopted by the Market Research Society of India in the mid-1980s as a measure of socio-economic class and is now commonly used as a market segmentation tool in India.
The new version is available at http://www.mruc.net/new-demographic-map-of-india.pdf. Please refer this one.
In the older version,the SEC Classification consists of two grids-
This is based on the assumption that higher education leads to higher income thus higher consuming potential. But we know that this may not be true always. A trader or a retailer with no qualification can earn more income than a Post graduate executive, but SEC will categorize the traders/retailers not as SEC A1or A2.
So, in order to combat this problem, the Government came up with the new SEC system on 3rd May 2011.
The new SEC system is based on two variables:
1. Education of the Chief Earner. The options are Illiterate, Literate but no formal schooling or Schooling unto 4 years, Schooling between 5-9 years, High School pass, Some college (including a diploma but not a graduate), Graduate / Post Graduate (General), Graduate / Post Graduate (Professional)
2. The number of Consumer durables(pre-decided from a list of 11 items) owned by the family. The list of 11 items are: Electricity Connection, Ceiling Fan, LPG Stove, Tow Wheeler, Color TV, Refrigerator, Washing Machine, Personal Computer/Laptop, Car/Jeep/Van, Air Conditioner, Agricultural Land
There are 12 grades in the new system starting from A1 to E3.
These grids are used to determine the consumption preferences, and purchasing power of households, and are common tools used by social and business researchers working in India. The SEC grid does not use family income levels as a measure as this data is hard to collect and it has been demonstrated that education levels and occupation criteria in India are better determinants of consumer preference. The methodology used in these tools differs from the Household Potential Index, which measures consumption intensity.
Urban SEC Grid (old version).
It divides the population into 3 classes:

</doc>
<doc id="31024804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024804" title="16 Sagittarii">
16 Sagittarii

16 Sagittarii (16 Sgr) is a double star in Sagittarius. The primary star is a Type-B star. 

</doc>
<doc id="31024812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024812" title="Naseem Garden">
Naseem Garden

Naseem Garden is a large park between Seeb and Barka, near Muscat, Oman. It contains an aquarium, lake, waterfall, Arabic and Japanese gardens, a maze and a playground.

</doc>
<doc id="31024823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024823" title="Ahmet Emin Atasoy">
Ahmet Emin Atasoy

Ahmet Emin Atasoy (born 16 May 1944), is a Bulgarian-born Turkish poet, author and interpreter.
Graduated from the Department of Turkish Philology at Sofia University. He worked as a literature teacher, art reporter and director of reading halls. He took refuge in Turkey in 1989. His poetry, articles and translations were published in magazines such as Cumhuriyet Kitap, Çağdaş Türk Dili, Düşlem, Kavram-Karmaşa, Sincan İstasyonu, Sözcükler, and Yaba Edebiyat. His poems were translated into Azerbaijan Turkish, Bulgarian, English, Macedonian and Romanian. He translated poems by several Bulgarian and Russian poets into Turkish. In 2008, he was awarded "The Great Poetry Award" in the Argeş 11th International Poetry Festival (Romania) and "2008 Special Jury Award" of the European Culture Academy (Bulgaria) for Orpheus’un Liri (Orpheus’ Lyre).

</doc>
<doc id="31024824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024824" title="17 Sagittarii">
17 Sagittarii

17 Sagittarii (17 Sgr) is a multiple star in Sagittarius. The primary star is a Type-G star. 

</doc>
<doc id="31024830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024830" title="Road Runners Club (UK)">
Road Runners Club (UK)

The Road Runners Club is an association of road runners formed in 1952 to encourage the athletic discipline of road running in the United Kingdom. 
History.
The RRC was founded under the leadership of Ernest Neville (1883–1972) as a result of the success of the London to Brighton road running race he had organised, and which took place on August 11, 1951 as part of the Festival of Britain celebrations. Ernest had a lot of previous experience of organising Road 'Walking' races from London to Brighton and was just as passionate about 'Road Running'.
The second London to Brighton Race was staged in 1952 and became an annual event until 2005 when organisational difficulties prevented its continuation on public roads. The exact distance varied over the years from 52 miles 694 yards to 55 miles due to road and course changes. Its "sister" race, the Comrades of South Africa, held over a similar distance, pre-dates RRC London to Brighton race,(first race 1921) and continues to this day (2011).
The main trophies at the London to Brighton race were the Arthur Newton trophy (named after another RRC founding member) for the winner and, for the first winning team, the "Len Hurst" belt (which had previously been won by the well-known pedestrian runner of the late 19th and early 20th Century), donated by his wife to the RRC. 
In addition to the London to Brighton race the RRC has organised and sponsored various long distance track races when numerous records were set. These included 24 hour and 50 mile track races. Amongst the 100 mile track races were the following:
The club's success resulted in similar organisations being established elsewhere in the world, in particular the Road Runners Club of America, and RRCs in India, Korea, New Zealand and South Africa. 
The club's badge was designed by a Harold Murrells and is based on the symbol for the Greek element air.
The RRC was important in developing accurate course measurement and procedures for the correct organisation of long distance Road and Track races. Both were pioneered by the late John Jewell. He is still acknowledged as a leading pioneer in this field by certified course measurers around the world. The race procedures he formulated are still also the basics with which races are organised world wide.
John Jewell also initiated a "Standards Scheme" whereby members are awarded certificates for achieving set times over a range of distances. Over the years the scheme has been extended to include times for women and for Masters.
Structure.
The club's constitution states that the management of the club be vested in a council whose members are:
Membership.
Originally, only those (men) who were already members of running clubs affiliated to the National Governing Body of their own country were eligible to join the RRC (overseas members being allowed). Since the 1980s membership has been open to all men and women. There are currently (2011) nearly 1,000 members.

</doc>
<doc id="31024846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024846" title="18 Sagittarii">
18 Sagittarii

18 Sagittarii (18 Sgr) is a Type-K star in Sagittarius. 

</doc>
<doc id="31024847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024847" title="Agyeman Badu Stadium">
Agyeman Badu Stadium

Agyeman Badu Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Dormaa Ahenkro, Ghana. It is currently used mostly for football matches, on club level by Aduana Stars of the Ghana Premier League. The stadium has a capacity of 5,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="31024854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024854" title="Magbalik ka, Hirang">
Magbalik ka, Hirang

Magbalik ka, Hirang is a 1940 Filipino film directed by Lorenzo P. Tuells
and starring Rosa Aguirre, Nemesio E. Caravana and Justina David.

</doc>
<doc id="31024863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024863" title="B. R. Rajam Iyer">
B. R. Rajam Iyer

B. R. Rajam Iyer (or Aiyar) 1872–1898) was an Indian lawyer and writer who wrote in Tamil and English. He is the author of "Kamalambal Saritharam", an early Tamil novel.
Iyer was deeply interested in religion and philosophy and edited an English magazine "Prabudha Bharata". He authored "Kamalambal Saritharam" between 1893 and 1895. "Kamalambal" is one of the earliest Tamil novels written after "Prathapa Mudaliar Charithram".

</doc>
<doc id="31024865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024865" title="Gunita">
Gunita

Gunita is a 1940 Filipino film directed by Lorenzo P. Tuells
and starring Miguel Anzures, Narding Anzures and Dely Atay-atayan.

</doc>
<doc id="31024870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024870" title="Ahmed El Maghrabi">
Ahmed El Maghrabi

Ahmed El Maghrabi, born 1945 in Egypt, is an Egyptian politician from the National Democratic Party.
Maghrabi holds a degree in Engineering from Cairo University and another in Chemical Engineering from North Carolina University as well as an MBA from Columbia University.
Maghrabi was Minister of Housing in Egypt from 2005 to 2010. Prior to that he was Tourism Minister.
In early February 2011 Maghrabi was accused of wasting public money and seizing state land following a cabinet purge by then President Hosni Mubarak.

</doc>
<doc id="31024876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024876" title="Hope Centre">
Hope Centre

The World Hope Stadium, commonly known as Hope Centre, is a football stadium in Kawangware, a suburb in Nairobi, Kenya. It is currently by the Nairobi City Stars of the Kenyan Premier League, and Administration Police and Kenya Revenue Authority of FKF Division One. The stadium has a capacity of 5,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="31024887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024887" title="Brendan Griffin">
Brendan Griffin

Brendan Griffin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31024890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024890" title="Lambingan">
Lambingan

Lambingan is a 1940 Filipino film directed by Lorenzo P. Tuells
and starring Rosa Aguirre, Rogelio de la Rosa and Carmen Rosales. 

</doc>
<doc id="31024894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024894" title="Brendan Griffin (Kerry politician)">
Brendan Griffin (Kerry politician)

Brendan Griffin (born March 1982) is an Irish Fine Gael politician. A former publican, he was elected as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Kerry South constituency at the 2011 general election.
Griffin is a former member of Kerry County Council representing the Dingle area from 2009 to 2011. He was the subject of controversy for hiring his wife Róisín as his secretarial assistant and his cousin Tommy Griffin as his parliamentary assistant. Both these positions were filled without interview and have salaries paid for by the state. In addition, Griffin helped another cousin, Matt Griffin, get his old council seat. He takes half of his TD salary, at first giving the other half directly back to the exchequer and then in 2012 donating the other half of his salary to pay for a third teacher in a small rural Kerry school.

</doc>
<doc id="31024897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024897" title="Georgian presidential election, 1991">
Georgian presidential election, 1991

Presidential elections were held in Georgia on 26 May 1991. The result was a victory for Zviad Gamsakhurdia of the Round Table-Free Georgia party, who won 87.6% of the vote, with an 82.9% turnout.

</doc>
<doc id="31024900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024900" title="Nang Mahawi ang Ulap">
Nang Mahawi ang Ulap

Nang Mahawi ang Ulap is a 1940 Filipino film directed by Lorenzo P. Tuells
and starring Rosa Aguirre, Africa Dela Rosa and Lota Delgado.

</doc>
<doc id="31024901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024901" title="Operation Moolah">
Operation Moolah

Operation Moolah was a United States Air Force (USAF) effort during the Korean War to obtain through defection a fully capable Soviet MiG-15 jet fighter. Communist forces introduced the MiG-15 to Korea on November 1, 1950. USAF pilots reported that the performance of the MiG-15 was superior to all United Nations (U.N.) aircraft, including the USAF's newest plane, the F-86 Sabre. The operation focused on influencing Communist pilots to defect to South Korea with a MiG for a financial reward. The success of the operation is disputable since no Communist pilot defected before the armistice was signed on July 27, 1953. However, on September 21, 1953, North Korean pilot Lieutenant No Kum-Sok flew his MiG-15 to the Kimpo Air Base, South Korea, unaware of Operation Moolah.
Background.
The appearance of the MiG-15 over North Korea led to speculation over the Soviet Union's involvement in the Korean War. USAF pilots reported hearing Russian spoken on the intercom system of the MiG-15s. Prior to the November 1950 sighting of the MiG-15s by USAF pilots, Soviet MiG-15 regiments were stationed at the Moscow Air Defence District to protect the capital against a possible NATO bombing.
Some UN prisoners of war reported talking to Soviet pilots while in captivity in North Korea. According to General Mark Clark, the commanding general of the U.N. Command had enough intelligence to claim that the Soviets were covertly lending their pilots in support of North Korean forces. According to LT No Kum-Sok, by February 1951, some half dozen Russian air force pilots visited North Korean pilots at their northeast China air base at Jilin. These plain clothes officers were there to investigate the ability of the North Korean pilots and determine if they were capable enough to fly the new MiG-15. By March, the Soviet 324th Fighter Air Division, led by Colonel Ivan Kozhedub, deployed to Jilin and began training the first class of North Korean air force pilots on the MiG-15. One month later, these same Russian pilots entered combat on behalf of North Korea, though internationally their involvement was never announced. The Russians had gone through great lengths to hide their involvement in the war, including painting Chinese and North Korean insignia on their planes. By the end of the war, the Russians had provided half the aircraft and 5,000 pilots in support of the Communist effort against the U.N.
Origins.
Speculation exists about the origin of Operation Moolah. According to then-Captain Alan Abner, the idea of the operation originated from his office at the Army's Psychological Warfare Branch, in Washington D.C.. According to intelligence reports they received, dissatisfaction within the Soviet Air Force, even to the extent of some desertions by disgruntled pilots, led to the belief that possible future defections by some pilots was promising. Their plan set forth an offer of $100,000 for a Soviet MiG-15 and political asylum for the pilot. The plan was marked Top Secret and requested the offer be passed by rumor through ranks of Communist forces to ensure the offer would not be attributable to the U.S. The plan was delivered to The Pentagon on a Monday, and by that Saturday, details of their plan were published in "The Washington Post" with the title, “Gen. Mark Clark Offers $100,000 Reward for Russian Jet”. Abner was disappointed because the article did not mention that his organization conceived the plan.
A second version of this story originates from General Mark W. Clark. According to him, the origin of Operation Moolah was from a war correspondent closely associated with the general but was not identified in Clark’s book, "From the Danube to the Yalu". The war correspondent developed the idea of the metaphor "silver bullet" and its effect on the Chinese in early 1952. He then developed and wrote a fictitious interview between an "anonymous" and a nonexistent Air Force general suggesting the MiG reward. The Far East Air Force (FEAF) headquartered in Tokyo was given the fictitious interview and thought the idea was worth looking into and passed it onward to the Department of the Air Force in Washington, D.C. The idea circulated the Pentagon and the Department of State, until it was transmitted back to Clark from the Department of the Army through a message he received in November 1952.
According to Herbert Friedman, the unidentified war correspondent was Edward Hymoff, the Bureau Chief of the International News Service and former WWII OSS veteran, whom he interviewed.
Execution.
On March 20, 1953, the Joint Chiefs of Staff approved the plan. The approved operation was forwarded on April 1, 1953 to the Joint Psychological Committee at FEAF in Tokyo, Japan, where it was staffed, approved, and advanced to Clark. He dubbed the plan Operation Moolah. The plan offered $50,000 to any pilot who flew a fully mission capable MiG-15 to South Korea. The first pilot to defect would be awarded an additional $50,000. The plan also included complete political asylum, resettlement in a non-Communist country, and anonymity if desired.
On April 26, armistice negotiations between Communist forces and the U.N. began. Clark issued the offer of Operation Moolah on the 27th to coincide with Operation Little Switch. Operation Little Switch was the exchange of sick and wounded POWs between the Communist and U.N. forces. The timing was intentional, because the U.S. and South Korean president Syngman Rhee were not able to agree upon the conditions of the armistice. The intent of Operation Moolah was to discourage captured Communist forces from returning to North Korea or China. The effect was to demonstrate that Communist POWs were treated better under the care of U.N. forces and did not wish to return to their motherland.
General Clark announced the offer on April 27, 1953 through a shortwave radio transmission. The transmission, translated into Korean, Mandarin, Cantonese, and Russian, was broadcast by 14 radio stations in Japan and South Korea into North Korea and China. Clark stated:
". . . To all brave pilots who wish to free themselves from the Communist yoke and start a new, better life with proper honor . . . you are guaranteed refuge, protection, humane care and attention. If pilots so desire, their names will be kept secret forever . . ."
The night of May 10, U.S. B-29 bombers returned to drop an additional 40,000 Operation Moolah leaflets over the Sinuiju and Uiju Airfields. The U.N. broadcast the same message delivered by General Clark in April translated in Russian, Chinese, and Korean. This would be replicated again on the evening of May 18, with an additional 90,000 leaflets.
MiG-15 flights were rumored to have decreased drastically or ceased after the April leaflet drop and radio broadcasts of the offer. However, it has been reported that MiG-15 sorties were suspended for eight days, though a large formation of approximately 166 MiG-15s were sighted on April 30. Thirty MiG-15s were sighted on May 1, forty-four on May 2, and from May 3 to 7, not a single MiG-15 was sighted almost certainly due to poor weather conditions. One noticeable change was the paint pattern of the Communist aircraft. Prior to April 27, all MiG-15s were painted the same pattern as the Soviet air force, with the red star, but after the 27th, all Communist aircraft had Chinese and North Korean markings. On May 27, North Korean leader Kim Il-Sung gave a radio speech to the “heroes” of the North Korean Air Force that their country would assume a larger role in the defense of North Korean airspace. Kim also exhorted his countrymen to ensure military discipline and equipment is fortified to ensure victory against the U.N. forces.
According to Lieutenant No Kum-Sok, the North Korean pilot who defected after the Korean War was over, his vice battalion commander, Captain Kim Jung-Sup was summoned to Sinuiju, the North Korean Air Force headquarters in early May 1953 for one week. The purpose of his trip was unknown to No, but rumors had circulated throughout the command that Lieutenant No was under investigation, questioning his loyalty to the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea. No continued to fly and assumed that his vice battalion commander had defended his loyalty to the Communist regime. Coincidentally, with the death of Soviet Premier Joseph Stalin on March 5, 1953 and the significant loss of Russian aircraft, the Soviet Union grounded and recalled their pilots from the Korean theater. The Soviet Union had gone through great lengths to disguise their involvement in the Korean War. Russian pilots were taught Mandarin in order to deceive U.N. pilots. USAF pilots noted after the 27th, they had not heard any Russian chatter on the intercoms of MiG-15s from the Soviet Union’s “Honchos” pilots.
Between May 8–31, 56 MiG-15s were destroyed with only one F-86 loss in the same period. USAF pilots noticed that Communist pilots who observed USAF aircraft flying near their airspace prior to any engagement, bailed from their aircraft to ensure their personal survival.
General Clark received reports of the poor quality of Communist pilots after the leaflet drops of Operation Moolah, their worst piloting of the war. Communist pilots flew fewer sorties in the 90 days after Operation Moolah than in the 90 days before the first leaflet drop. U.N. pilots shot down 155 MiG-15’s to three F-86 aircraft in that period.
The Korean Armistice Agreement was signed on July 27, 1953, ceasing all combat operations. Not one single pilot had defected to South Korea. The effectiveness of Operation Moolah was difficult to assess. Though U.N. forces did not recover a single MiG-15 aircraft, Operation Moolah did have residual effects on Communist forces. There is some evidence to believe that the Soviet Union feared a defection from its pilots more than the Chinese or North Korean regimes. U.S. intelligence reports indicated that Soviet Far Eastern audiences were shown films depicting the failure of U.S. intelligence agents bribing the crew and passengers of a Czech plane into defecting to the west. Presumably the Russians may have well believed that the U.N. reward offer would appeal to airmen from their satellite countries in the Warsaw Bloc.
The leaflets used in Operation Moolah carried the photo of Lieutenant Franciszek Jarecki, who had flown his MiG-15 (trainer aircraft) from Poland to political asylum in Denmark in March 1953.
Aftermath.
Early in the morning on September 21, 1953, Lt. No Kum-Sok flew a MiG-15bis, bort number 'Red 2057', of the 2nd Regiment, Korean People's Air Force, from Sunan Air Base, just outside of Pyongyang, North Korea and landed before 10:00 am at Kimpo Air Base in South Korea. He was immediately taken into the base headquarters for interrogation and physical examination. Shortly afterwards, he was taken by helicopter to a secluded U.S. military base at Oryu-dong, just outside of Seoul, where the Fifth Air Force Intelligence Office was located. His aircraft was disassembled and loaded onto a C-124 Globemaster and shipped off the next day to Kadena Air Base on Okinawa. The next morning, South Korean newspapers mentioned the defected North Korean pilot and his award of $100,000. No, though, was unaware of Operation Moolah and its rewards. No was later advised by the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) to decline the reward money in exchange for paid education at an American college of his choosing. President Dwight D. Eisenhower did not support Operation Moolah. He thought it unethical to offer money to a defector and was concerned about the North Korean reaction to the defection due to the uneasy armistice agreement.
One of his handlers from the CIA was Larry Chin, who was arrested by the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) in 1985 for spying. The aftermath of No's defection led to the execution of five of his fellow pilots.
According to No, the reward would not have motivated any North Korean pilots to defect, for a number of reasons. First, the offer made available in April 1953 was advertised through leaflets dropped at North Korean air bases on the Yalu River. However, at that point in the war, all Russian, Chinese, and North Korean MiG-15s were stationed in Manchuria, so it was unlikely that any MiG-15 pilots had seen the leaflets. Secondly, even if the USAF had dropped leaflets in Manchuria, a North Korean pilot would not have trusted the authenticity of the offer. Nor were North Korean pilots generally aware of the purchasing power of the American dollar. Had Operation Moolah instead guaranteed freedom and a job in the United States, it would have been viewed as a more tempting offer.
Even though it was not directly influenced by Operation Moolah, No's defection did allow the USAF insight into the aircraft and the state of the northern air forces. For the next several months, No answered numerous questions related to North Korea's military and the support it received from the Soviet Union and China. He also provided valuable insight to American test pilots prior to their evaluation of the MiG at Kadena Air Base. The test pilots were Major Chuck Yeager and Captain Harold "Tom" Collins, led by Major General Albert Boyd, the commander of the Wright Air Development Center. Major Yeager later stated, "Flying the MiG-15 is the most demanding situation I have ever faced. It's a quirky airplane that has killed a lot of its pilots."
Testing of the MiG-15 lasted 11 days. It revealed that the aircraft was a reasonably good fighter, but lacked the technological sophistication of American aircraft, such as the F-86. Major Yeager was able to fly the aircraft to 0.98 Mach before it became dangerously uncontrollable. While the MiG-15 did have a faster climb rate and operated in a higher altitude ceiling than the F-86, it suffered from problems with oscillation, poor pressurization, unexpected pitch-up at high speeds, unrecoverable spins, sudden stalls, and a particularly dangerous emergency fuel pump that could cause the aircraft to explode if improperly activated. Despite such shortcomings, Yeager and Collins determined that the MiG-15 and F-86 were equally capable. Pilot experience and training proved to be the most important factor during dogfights. Maj. Yeager said, "The pilot with the most experience will whip your ass no matter what you're flying!"
After the testing of the MiG-15bis, it was again disassembled and each part was scrutinized and evaluated by engineers. The Americans offered to return the aircraft to North Korea, but there was no response. The MiG-15 was crated and shipped to Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, in Dayton, Ohio, in February 1954. From March to October 1954, the MiG-15bis, was tested at Eglin AFB, Florida. It was flown extensively in comparisons with the B-36, B-47, F-84 and F-86 before returning to Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio, in October. Further evaluation of the aircraft continued until it was damaged in a hard landing in 1956. The aircraft was donated to the National Museum of the U.S. Air Force for restoration and display, where it remains.
Example for future psychological operations.
Operation Moolah has been replicated multiple times since 1953. The Kuomintang, Chinese nationalists, dropped leaflets over mainland China, offering 1,000 to 4,000 ounces of gold to Communist Chinese pilots who defected to Taiwan. The more modern the aircraft, the more ounces of gold that the defecting pilot would receive. In 1966, the Joint Chiefs of Staff approved Operation Fast Buck, an exact replica of Operation Moolah, but to secure a MiG-21 and the Soviet Mil Mi-6 "Hook" helicopter. Other goals of this operation were also to acquire intelligence, force the government of North Vietnam to evaluate the loyalty of its pilots and reduce MiG sorties. Operation Diamond, a Mossad covert operation, was similar to Operation Fast Buck; an Iraqi MiG-21 pilot successfully defected and the captured MiG was evaluated by the Israeli Air Force, USAF, and the U.S. Navy.
Portrayal in fiction.
In Episode 243 of Season 11 of M*A*S*H, a lightly wounded North Korean pilot winds up at the 4077 M*A*S*H. He landed due to engine trouble, with no intention of defecting, but an Army PR man offers him a deal very much like Operation Moolah, even citing Gen. Mark Clark by name.

</doc>
<doc id="31024905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024905" title="Stade Municipal de Bangangté">
Stade Municipal de Bangangté

Stade Municipal de Bangangté is a multi-use stadium in Bangangté, Cameroon. It is currently used mostly for football matches, on club level by Panthère du Ndé of the Elite One (season 2013). The stadium has a capacity of 2,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="31024908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024908" title="Germany Under-19 cricket team">
Germany Under-19 cricket team

The Germany Under-19 cricket team represents the country of Germany in Under-19 international cricket.
The team are one of only three to have competed in every edition of the European Under-19 Division Two and have twice won the competition. They are currently, however, the lowest ranked Under-19 side in Europe having lost the most recent event in 2009.
Current Squad.
The Germany Under-19 squad for the 2009 European Division Two was:
Future.
Germany are due to take part in 2011 European Under-19 Division Two, which, for the first time, provides a chance for promotion to the Division One tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="31024909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024909" title="Pangarap">
Pangarap

Pangarap is a 1940 Filipino film directed by Carmen Concha
and starring Tita Duran, Angel Esmeralda and Benny Mack.

</doc>
<doc id="31024911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024911" title="Stade Municipal Ndoumbe Oumar">
Stade Municipal Ndoumbe Oumar

Stade Municipal Ndoumbe Oumar is a multi-use stadium in Ngaoundéré, Cameroon. It is currently used mostly for football matches, on club level by Université FC de Ngaoundéré of the Elite One. The stadium has a capacity of 10,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="31024916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024916" title="Silver Stadium, Lilongwe">
Silver Stadium, Lilongwe

Silver Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Lilongwe, Malawi. It is currently used mostly for football matches, on club level by Silver Strikers of the Malawi Premier Division. The stadium has a capacity of 20,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="31024926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024926" title="Lihim ng Lumang Simbahan">
Lihim ng Lumang Simbahan

Lihim ng Lumang Simbahan is a 1940 Filipino film directed by Tor Villano
and starring Tita Duran, Reynaldo Dante and Luningning.

</doc>
<doc id="31024939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024939" title="Malo Soula">
Malo Soula

Malo Soula (Serbian: "A Little Bit of Soul") is a 1996 album by Serbian pop duo K2. It was released in spring 1996.
The album contains 10 songs. The producers of all the songs off album were sisters Kovač themselves, with Kristina being the main and Aleksandra, a co-producer. The main single was "Dabadamdam", was released in December 1995. In total, three songs were released off the album, and for all of the singles were shot videos.

</doc>
<doc id="31024940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024940" title="Stade Mimoun Al Arsi">
Stade Mimoun Al Arsi

Stade Mimoun Al Arsi is a multi-use stadium in Al Hoceima, Morocco. It is currently used mostly for football matches, on club level by Chabab Rif Al Hoceima of the Botola. The stadium has a capacity of 12,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="31024943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024943" title="Sawing Gantimpala">
Sawing Gantimpala

Sawing Gantimpala is a 1940 Filipino film directed by Manuel Conde
and starring Ely Ramos, Mila del Sol and Dina Valle. 

</doc>
<doc id="31024948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024948" title="Esteban Areta">
Esteban Areta

Esteban Areta Vélez (14 April 1932 – 9 July 2007) was a Spanish footballer, who played as a defender.

</doc>
<doc id="31024951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024951" title="List of FC Bunyodkor players">
List of FC Bunyodkor players

Bunyodkor Football Club is an Uzbek professional football club based in Tashkent, Uzbekistan. The club was formed 2005 in Tashkent, and played its first matches in Tashkent regional liga in Uzbekistan Second League with name "Neftgazmontaj-Quruvchi". The club was renamed PFC Quruvchi in 2006. The club played its matches at MHSK Stadium. Since playing their first matches, more than 50 players have made a competitive first-team ap pearance for the club.
Victor Karpenko holds the record for most overall appearances, having played 203 matches from 2007 to 2012, ahead of Jasur Hasanov with 188 appearances and Anvar Gafurov with 175 caps (as of 9 November 2013).
Anvarjon Soliev is club's all-time top scorer with 65 goals, of which 46 were scored in league competition, making him the Bunyodkor player who has scored the most goals in the Uzbek League. The 2nd top scorer is Rivaldo with 43 goals, Server Djeparov and Victor Karpenko are third with 38 goals.
Bunyodkor has employed several famous players such 1999 FIFA World Player and Ballon d'Or winner Rivaldo.
List of Players.
"Statistics correct as of 9 November 2013."

</doc>
<doc id="31024958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024958" title="Bahaghari">
Bahaghari

Bahaghari is a 1940 Filipino film directed by Don Dano
and starring Rosa Aguirre, Miguel Anzures and Narding Anzures.

</doc>
<doc id="31024964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024964" title="Stade d'Arlit">
Stade d'Arlit

Stade d'Arlit is a multi-use stadium in Arlit, Niger. It is currently used mostly for football matches, on club level by Akokana F.C. of the Niger Premier League. The stadium has a capacity of 7,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="31024970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024970" title="Huebneria affinis">
Huebneria affinis

Huebneria affinis is a Palaearctic species of tachinid flies in the genus "Huebneria" of the family Tachinidae.
Distribution.
Palaearctic: Western Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="31024974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024974" title="Alfred Essex">
Alfred Essex

Alfred Essex (died 1871, South Africa), was an English enamel-painter, who worked with his brother William Essex to popularise enamel painting in the nineteenth century.
Life.
Little is known of the parentage and early life of Alfred Essex and his brother William. The brothers worked for and under Charles Muss, enamel painter to William IV, trying to show to the public that works could be executed in enamel possessing the transparency, crispness, and texture of other methods of painting. Alfred Essex executed plates for Muss, notably a large plate depicting the Holy Family, after Parmigianino, now in the royal collection. He prepared the plates and the colours for his brother's paintings. The Geological Museum holds a series of examples showing the colours prepared by him which had the quality of remaining the same after vitrification. He published a paper on the art of enamel painting in June 1837, and also published some drawing-slates. He later emigrated to South Africa, where he left a daughter Harriet.

</doc>
<doc id="31024985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024985" title="Meloe violaceus">
Meloe violaceus

Meloe violaceus, the violet oil beetle, is a species of oil beetle belonging to the family Meloidae subfamily Meloinae. 
These beetles are present in most of Europe, in East Palearctic ecozone, in the Near East and in North Africa.
This species is characterized by hypermetamorphosis, a kind of complete insect metamorphosis in which, in addition to the normal stages of larva, nymph and imago, they have several others, with great differences in appearance and way of life.
The body of "Meloe violaceus" is long, females are somewhat larger than the males. These beetle are black-blue or violet-blue, head and pronotum are very finely dotted and the elytra are quite shorter than the abdomen, as in other Meloinae species.
The adults live on a sunny, dry area with flowering plants, feeding on pollen. 
In May–June the female digs into the soil deep cylindrical holes, where they lay a very large quantity of eggs (about 2,000–10,000). 
After about a month larvae emerge from eggs and climb up on grass or on flowers, waiting to cling to the thorax of approaching potential host insects seeking pollen or nectar. 
The larvae have an exclusively parasitic life, primarily in the nests of solitary bees, or sometimes of locusts. If the larvae have inadvertently selected a honey bee, they die in the hive and may cause serious damage.
When the host female bee lays eggs in its cells, the first-stage larva of the violet oil beetle eats the eggs of the bee, increases in volume and becomes the second-stage larva, which continues its development eating honey and pollen. The larva, after other two stages, forms the nymph and finally the imago.

</doc>
<doc id="31024988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024988" title="Kaitaba Stadium">
Kaitaba Stadium

Kaitaba Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Bukoba, Tanzania. It is currently used mostly for football matches, on club level by Kagera Sugar of the Tanzanian Premier League. The stadium has a capacity of 5,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="31024995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024995" title="Viviré otra vez">
Viviré otra vez

Viviré otra vez ("I Will Live Again") is a 1940 Mexican comedy film, directed by Roberto Rodríguez and starring Adriana Lamar, Alicia de Phillips and David Silva.

</doc>
<doc id="31024998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31024998" title="Kafubu Stadium">
Kafubu Stadium

Kafubu Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Luanshya, Zambia. It is currently used mostly for football matches, on club level by Roan United F.C. of the Zambian Premier League. The stadium has a capacity of 8,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="31025010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025010" title="Allá en el trópico">
Allá en el trópico

Allá en el trópico () is a 1940 Mexican comedy musical film directed by Fernando de Fuentes and starring Tito Guízar, Esther Fernández and Carlos López.

</doc>
<doc id="31025012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025012" title="Sakubva Stadium">
Sakubva Stadium

Sakubva Stadium is a multi-use stadium located in Sakubva township in Mutare, Zimbabwe. It is currently used mostly for football matches, on club level by Motor Action F.C. of the Zimbabwe Premier Soccer League. The stadium has a capacity of 10,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="31025027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025027" title="Interurban and streetcar railways in Syracuse, New York">
Interurban and streetcar railways in Syracuse, New York

Interurban and streetcar railways flourished in Syracuse, New York until the automobile, airplane and bus took their place.
The trolley or streetcar served travel within the city limits of Syracuse as early as 1859. In the beginning they were either horse-drawn or fueled by steam and by the end of the 19th century they were electric driven. The city was one of the first in the United States to adopt electricity as a transportation motive power.
Interurban railways had rights-of-way for higher speed traffic and linked Syracuse with the countryside. They allowed people who lived in the suburbs and farming communities to work in Syracuse. The era was short-lived, lasting just 40 years. The first interurban line began operation in the city in 1891 with services to Oneida and the last line completed to Oswego in 1911. On July 1, 1931, the last big traction interurban car pulled out of the "Electric Railway Terminal" in Clinton Square for its final trip to Rochester, away. Between 1930 and 1932 the local interurban went out of business and the era of streetcar railway was over.
History.
The city obtained its first horse-drawn street railway in 1860 called People's Railroad. In 1889, the electric trolley began to replace the horse cars, with the last horse car retired on October 1, 1900, on the Green Street line. The electric trolley became the "mainstay of local transit" in Syracuse until the early 1940s.
The city operated its first electric car in 1889 over the lines of the Third Ward Railway Company to Solvay. In 1894, the Tracy Street power house was under construction and completed in 1895 at a cost of $200,000. Up until this time, many rails had to find their own source of electricity. The Syracuse and East Side lines had a complete power house at the east end of the village of East Syracuse.
Growth in the city wards and suburbs followed the early trolley lines. The southern part of the city was built up for miles while vacant lots closer to the center of the city "went begging for lot buyers" because the South Salina street line was the first to give frequent service. University Hill, the eastern part of the city and southwestern sections "all woke to life as they felt the pulsing of these iron arteries."
The street railroad as a real builder of the city did not begin until the later years, "when the policy of laying tracks into unoccupied territory and growing up with the section was adopted by the Rapid Transit Company."
By 1889, there were twelve separate and distinct lines of railway which were the nucleus of the "single system" in place by 1908. The lines included the Central City, the Syracuse and Geddes, Syracuse and Onondaga, Genessee and Water Street, Fifth Ward, Syracuse and Oakwood, Seventh Ward, Woodlawn and Butternut Street, Burnet Street, Third Ward and the People's Railroad. Between 1899 and 1917, a number of interurban lines came under the control of the Beebe Syndicate, an affiliation of companies with shared management founded by banker Clifford D. Beebe.
The interurban ran longer distances between upstate New York cities and included Syracuse, Watertown and St. Lawrence River Railroad and Rochester, Syracuse and Eastern Railroad.
Patronage on the interurban and streetcar lines began to decline in the 1920s, due to more modern forms of transportation such as automobiles, buses and airplanes. Additionally, paved roads reduced the need for train tracks. After the stock market crash in the late 1920s, interurban routes were abandoned along with many unprofitable city and suburban routes.
By 2010, public transit in the Syracuse area had been in existence for 150 years. The following list of local interurban rail, streetcar and trolley companies is in chronological order:
Street railway.
Central City railway.
The Central City Railway was chartered on April 19, 1859, and was the first street railway company in Syracuse, New York. It began operations in August 1860.
The line was discussed for many years before it was actually constructed as a link between the First Ward and Erie Canal at Salina Street. The route was originally designated in the charter to run through Lodi Street, Lock Street and Wolf Street, but it was subsequently changed to Salina Street.
During 1890, the company merged with People's Railroad which merged again into Syracuse Rapid Transit Railway in 1896. By 1948, the company was part of the Syracuse Transit Corporation.
Syracuse, Eastwood Heights and DeWitt railroad.
The Syracuse, Eastwood Heights and DeWitt Railroad was established in 1859. This was one of the most important of the first lines and operated as a steam road. The company was awarded the operation rights for the Burnet Avenue route as well as the Burnet Street Car Company.
The company owned of street railway track extending from a point on Burnet Avenue in the city of Syracuse to the village of East Syracuse and from a point on James Street, near Sedgwick Street, connecting with a former branch near East Syracuse. They went into receivership in June 1894.
People's railroad.
In 1860, People's Railroad was the first horse-drawn street railway in the city.
Some records show People's Railroad was founded in 1887. On November 1, 1890, this company took a perpetual lease of the Central City Railway and the Syracuse and Onondaga Railway and those lines then merged into the company. That same year the Syracuse and Oakwood Railway also merged with the company.
The company was one of three different railways that were awarded operation franchise rights to run cars in James Street.
On May 21, 1896, the Syracuse Rapid Transit Railway, an interurban rail, was chartered as a consolidation of the Syracuse Street Railroad Company, the Syracuse Consolidated Street Railway Company and the People's Railroad Company which was formerly leased to the new company.
Syracuse and Onondaga railway.
The Syracuse and Onondaga Railway, a horse-drawn city railway, was chartered on April 29, 1863, and opened on July 25, 1864, in Syracuse, New York. The line commenced in Downtown Syracuse at Washington Street and terminated at Oakwood Cemetery at Brighton Avenue where it connected with the Onondaga Valley Railroad. By 1890, the total length of the road was .
In late 1890, the company merged with People's Railroad and ceased to exist.
Request for edit: Since Brighton Ave. does not come near Oakwood Cemetery, it appears there is some error here. If so, it should be corrected. If not, this should be explained. Also, it would be helpful to know where Danforth, Onondaga Hollow, Candee Corners and Hopper Glen were, in elation to currently named sites.
Syracuse and Geddes railway.
The Syracuse and Geddes Railway, a horse-drawn trolley in Syracuse, was chartered on July 10, 1863. The line ran from Syracuse to Geddes, a suburb. The company merged with Syracuse Consolidated Street Railway in 1890, after an agreement was made that allowed the new company to lease the lines.
Oakwood Street railway.
The Oakwood Street Railway was opened in 1863 and was a horse-drawn line.
On the evening of April 26, 1865, after Abraham Lincoln's funeral procession through the city, the roads made special accommodations to their operating schedule and were running cars every half hour "so that all will be taken home who come in on the road."
The line was renamed the Syracuse and Oakwood Railway in 1871 and merged with People's Railroad in 1890.
Genesee and Water Street railroad.
The Genesee and Water Street Railroad was established in 1865. The company was one of three different railways that were awarded operation franchise rights to run cars in James Street. The company also secured the franchise to operate cars in Westcott Street, to South Beech Street, Euclid Avenue, College Place, University Place, Walnut Avenue and Madison Street.
The company merged with Syracuse Consolidated Street Railway in 1890, after an agreement was made that allowed the new company to lease the lines.
Fifth Ward railroad.
The Fifth Ward Railroad was a street trolley line in Syracuse, New York, and was originally approved for construction by New York State in 1850; however, the rail was not chartered until 1867 and finally opened for business in 1868.
The city railway extended from Railroad Street through Clinton, Walton, West, Gifford, Geddes and returning in a loop through Delaware, Holland and Niagara to Gifford Street, a total distance of in the city's Near Westside. By 1875, the road extended from Washington Street to South Street and Geddes Street.
The company merged with Syracuse Consolidated Street Railway in 1890, after an agreement was made that allowed the new company to lease the lines.
New Brighton and Onondaga Valley railroad.
The New Brighton and Onondaga Valley Railroad, a horse-drawn street trolley line, was chartered on May 5, 1869 in Syracuse, New York. The road was also known as the New Brighton and Onondaga Railroad.
The company merged with Syracuse Consolidated Street Railway in 1890, after an agreement was made that allowed the new company to lease the lines.
Oneida Railway.
The Oneida Railway was established in 1885 and eventually connected Oneida, New York, with Syracuse, New York. The interurban railroad used nontraditional third-rail pickup for power instead of the typical overhead catenary.
In 1909, the system merged with the New York State Railways system, which was formed from the merger of several interurban railways in Upstate New York. Streetcar service on the line remained in operation until 1930 when it was abandoned in favor of buses.
Burnet Street Railway.
The Burnet Street Car Company was established in 1886. A branch of the line commenced at the intersection of Catherine and Hawley and extended to Lodi Street, Burnet Avenue and ended at the city line. It was acquired by the Fourth Ward Railroad in 1888.
Third Ward railway.
The Third Ward Railway, a street trolley line in Syracuse, was established in 1886 and ran a distance of commencing in Park Avenue and terminating at Solvay Process Company in Solvay, a suburb. A second extension was open for business on July 4, 1889, when a branch was added from West Genesee Street to the shore of Onondaga Lake, known as "lake shore."
Syracuse was one of the first cities in the United States to adopt electricity as a transportation motive power. The city operated its first electric car in 1889 over the lines of the Third Ward Railway Company. An attempt was made to convert the old horse-drawn cars; however, this was not successful and in 1890, the company purchased complete new electric rail equipment and cars.
The company merged with Syracuse Consolidated Street Railway in 1890, after an agreement was made that allowed the new company to lease the lines.
Seventh Ward railroad.
The Seventh Ward Railroad, a street trolley line in Syracuse, was established in 1886 and held the city railway franchise rights to East Fayette Street. The total length of the road was . The route followed Fayette Street from Salina Street to Montgomery Street, Jefferson, Grape, Kennedy, Renwick Avenue with final destination Oakwood Cemetery.
The road was established by the same entrepreneurs as the Eleventh Ward Railroad which was laid on the same line on Fayette Street to Montgomery Street in 1889; forming a belt line with the Seventh Ward line. Both lines were also referred to as the Seventh and Eleventh Ward Railroad.
The company merged with Syracuse Consolidated Street Railway in 1890, after an agreement was made that allowed the new company to lease the lines.
Woodlawn and Butternut Street railway.
The Woodlawn and Butternut Street Railway, a horse-drawn street trolley line in Syracuse, was established in 1886. The road commenced at North Salina Street at the junction of James Street and traveled to Butternut street and Manlius Street with final destination, Woodlawn Cemetery.
The company merged with Syracuse Consolidated Street Railway in 1890, after an agreement was made that allowed the new company to lease the lines.
Fourth Ward railroad.
The Fourth Ward Railroad, a street trolley line in Syracuse, New York, was organized in 1887 and opened in 1888. The company was one of three different railways that were awarded operation franchise rights to run cars in James Street. The line commenced in James Street where it ran to Hawley Avenue, Green, Lodi and Willow. The tracks in East Water street were laid by the Genesee and Water Street Railroad and were acquired by the road later that year.
Another branch that commenced at the intersection of Catherine and Hawley and extended to Lodi Street, Burnet Avenue and ended at the city line was a franchise of the Burnet Street Car Company in Burnet Avenue and was acquired by the company in 1888.
The company merged with Syracuse Consolidated Street Railway in 1890, after an agreement was made that allowed the new company to lease the lines.
Eleventh Ward railroad.
The Eleventh Ward Railroad, a street trolley line in Syracuse, was established in 1889 and held the city railway franchise rights to East Fayette Street. The line followed East Fayette Street to Montgomery Street and from there through Burt, Cortland Avenue, Midland Avenue, Colvin Street, Mulberry, Elizabeth, Baker Avenue and terminating on Kennedy street.
The road was established by the same entrepreneurs as the Seventh Ward Railroad which was laid on the same line on Fayette Street to Montgomery Street in 1886; however, from there it continued to Jefferson, Grape, Kennedy and Renwick Avenue with final destination Oakwood Cemetery, forming a belt line with the Eleventh Ward line. Both lines were also referred to as the Seventh and Eleventh Ward Railroad. These two lines were the first in the city to adopt regular schedule ten-minute time.
The company merged with Syracuse Consolidated Street Railway in 1890, after an agreement was made that allowed the new company to lease the lines.
Syracuse Consolidated Street railway.
The Syracuse Consolidated Street Railway was chartered on May 22, 1890, in Syracuse. On July 1, 1890, the company leased, in perpetuity, several street railroads in the city including Third Ward Railway, Fourth Ward Railroad, Fifth Ward Railroad, Seventh Ward Railroad, Eleventh Ward Railroad, Genesee and Water Street Railroad, Woodlawn and Butternut Street Railway, Syracuse and Geddes Railway and New Brighton and Onondaga Valley Railroad. The rail ran a total distance of and had branches every .
At the time of the consolidation, the rail included all the roads in Syracuse except the Central City Railway, the Syracuse and Onondaga Railway and the People's Railroad.
The company filed for bankruptcy in 1893. On May 21, 1896, the Syracuse Rapid Transit Railway, an interurban rail, was chartered as a consolidation of the Syracuse Street Railroad Company, the Syracuse Consolidated Street Railway Company and the People's Railroad Company which was formerly leased to the new company.
Interurban railway.
In April 1921, union trolley workers numbering more than 6,000 on all lines entering Syracuse were asked to accept a wage reduction of 25 percent. Employees on all four lines entering the city rejected the proposal. This included the Empire State Railway, New York State Railways, Syracuse Northern Electric Railway, Auburn and Syracuse Electric Railroad and Rochester and Eastern Railroad.
By 1978, rights-of-way of the major interurban lines "that stretched west, north and east" were still visible in many sections of Onondaga County. The remains of "once-sturdy" bridges that carried the high-speed trolleys across creeks and other rails still remain in many areas.
One of the few remaining "eight-sided" waiting stations "that protected passengers at stops between main stations" was situated on a golf course near Baldwinsville. Another was located on East Seneca Turnpike near Marcellus as late as 1971.
Syracuse and Oneida railroad.
The Syracuse and Oneida Railroad, an interurban rail, was incorporated on October 11, 1891, with a capital of $125,000. The company built a road in length from Messina Springs connecting with the Syracuse, Eastwood Heights and DeWitt Railroad Company's road and ran northerly by the "most direct and feasible route" through the towns of DeWitt and Cicero, at a point near the south shore of Oneida Lake.
Syracuse and East Side Street railway.
The Syracuse and East Side Street Railway, an interurban rail, was chartered on August 25, 1894, and was a successor to the Syracuse, Eastwood Heights and DeWitt Railroad Company. It is sometimes called the Syracuse and East Side Railroad.
The company went bankrupt and was placed in receivership on May 11, 1898, and on December 29, 1898, the property was purchased by the bondholders. The East Side Traction Company was chartered on January 14, 1899, after a reorganization of the company.
Syracuse and Suburban railroad.
The Syracuse and Suburban Railroad, an interurban rail, was chartered on June 29, 1895. The main line of this electric road, also known as Syracuse and Suburban Electric Railroad and the Syracuse and Eastern Railroad, ran , extending from Syracuse, over the Genesee Street track to Fayetteville and Manlius where it ended at Edwards Falls, a local tourist attraction. The railroad also operated a line that ran from Orville, now known as DeWitt to Jamesville for a total distance of .
On January 1, 1921, the rail, with lines between Syracuse and Fayetteville and Manlius, suspended operation at 1:00 A.M. due to lack of operating revenue. C. Loomis Allen, general manager, declared that unless there were changed conditions, the road would not resume and that readjustment of fares and wages of employees must be affected. That same day, a motor bus service was started pending formal grant of franchises for motor lines between the two villages and the city of Syracuse. The Chenango branch of the New York Central Railroad also stepped in to accommodate many passengers who had relied on the electric service.
Syracuse Rapid Transit railway.
The Syracuse Rapid Transit Railway, an interurban rail, began operations in May 1896. The company was a consolidation of the Syracuse Street Railroad Company, the Syracuse Consolidated Street Railway Company and the People's Railroad Company that was called the Syracuse Railway Company.
The company controlled the city street railway system of Syracuse and had extensions to Solvay, Onondaga Valley, Rockwell Springs, East Syracuse and Liverpool.
In 1912, the rail merged with the New York State Railways, affiliated with New York Central Railroad.
Syracuse, Lakeside and Baldwinsville railway.
The Syracuse, Lakeside and Baldwinsville Railway began operations in 1898 and provided service along the shore of Onondaga Lake. Due to dependence on summer traffic, the company did not prosper during the remainder of the first year.
The road was built as a local investment both in construction and matters of finance. The majority of the construction took place in 1899, with the opening to Baldwinsville taking place on September 24 that year. Prior to that date, the road had been operated to lakeside resorts such as Pleasant Beach in Fair Haven on Lake Ontario.
The company ran double-deck cars for several years which were a real novelty since they were the only ones in Central New York. They were eventually abandoned because of safety reasons.
On December 12, 1903, the road fell into bankruptcy and Captain W. B. Rockwell was appointed receiver. In the summer of 1905 the road was purchased on mortgage foreclosure by Clifford D. Beebe for $530,000. It was reorganized as the Syracuse, Lake Shore and Northern Railroad in 1905.
Syracuse and South Bay railway.
The Syracuse and South Bay Railway, also known as the Syracuse and South Bay Electric Railroad, incorporated on May 10, 1900, was an interurban rail that ran from Syracuse, New York, through Cicero to Lower South Bay on the south shore of Oneida Lake, a distance of .
The line began in the city at the intersection of Wolf Street and Seventh North Street connecting at that point with the tracks of the Syracuse Rapid Transit Railway, running from there easterly along Seventh North Street about and running northeast by a right angle turn by private right of way across the tracks of the New York Central and Hudson River Railroad by an under crossing. From there, the rail headed northeasterly to the plank road to the town of Salina and Clay to the west line of Cicero thence by private right of way to Norcross Point on the east side of South Bay on Oneida Lake.
The name was changed to Syracuse Northern Electric Railway Company by 1917.
Auburn and Syracuse Electric railroad.
The Auburn and Syracuse Electric Railroad was formed in 1901 and by November 1905, the company had cars to Split Rock, Marcellus, Skaneateles and Auburn.
The rail was part of the "Beebe Syndicate", a group of 12 high-speed, interurban, electric train lines which ran from Buffalo, New York, through Rochester and Syracuse, then north to Oswego on Lake Ontario.
By August 1911, the rail was providing vacation excursions to Upstate New York locations such as Skaneateles Lake which they advertised as "A Perfect Ride in Perfect Safety Searchlight Excursion." The trip was scheduled three times a week and included a "scenic" trolley ride and a "searchlight sail" and one hour of dancing at Ten Mile Point, New York.
On weekends, the railroad ventured to Fair Haven instead of Skaneateles Lake. The roundtrip price was 75 cents, no matter the location or day and the main ticket office was located at 340 West Fayette Street.
The company went bankrupt in 1927 and streetcar service in Auburn ended at that time, however, interurban service continued and the business was sold in 1930. Rail service was abandoned on April 15, 1930.
Syracuse, Lake Shore and Northern railroad.
The Syracuse, Lake Shore and Northern Railroad served the Oswego, New York, area and began operations in 1905 when it was formed from the Lake Ontario and Riverside Railway, which dated back to 1896 and was a system originally built by the Oswego Street Railway. The line also merged with the Syracuse, Lakeside and Baldwinsville Railway that same year and the line was extended to Oswego. The rail was part of the "Beebe Syndicate", a group of 12 high-speed, interurban, electric train lines which ran from Buffalo, New York, through Rochester and Syracuse, then north to Oswego on Lake Ontario.
By 1911, the company had 13 fast electric limited trains leaving Syracuse daily for Baldwinsville, Phoenix, Fulton, Minetto and Oswego.
Financial issues in 1913 forced the company to merge with two other rails; the Auburn and Northern Electric Railroad and the Rochester, Syracuse and Eastern Rapid Railroad forming the Empire United Railways. The rail was in use until 1916 when it became known as the Empire State Railroad Corporation. Streetcar service on the route ran until 1931 when it was abandoned in favor of buses.
Rochester, Syracuse and Eastern Rapid railroad.
The Rochester, Syracuse and Eastern Rapid Railroad, also known as the Rochester, Syracuse and Eastern Railroad, an interurban rail, began operations in 1906 and linked Rochester, New York, with the nearby towns of Newark, Fairport and Palmyra. At its peak the railroad was in length and employed third-rail for power instead of the more traditional overhead catenary.
The rail was part of the "Beebe Syndicate", a group of 12 high-speed, interurban, electric train lines which ran from Buffalo, New York, through Rochester and Syracuse, then north to Oswego on Lake Ontario.
Financial issues in 1913 forced the company to merge with two other rails; the Auburn and Northern Electric Railroad and the Syracuse, Lake Shore and Northern Railroad forming the Empire United Railways. The new company was not successful and was split up in 1916 and the Rochester, Syracuse and Eastern Rapid Railroad (RS&E) became the Rochester and Syracuse Railroad which remained in operation until 1931 when it was abandoned.
Rochester and Syracuse railroad.
The Rochester and Syracuse Railway, Inc., of Syracuse, New York, was incorporated as the successor to the Rochester, Syracuse and Eastern Railroad, the property which they sold under foreclosure on August 28, 1917.
The rail was part of the "Beebe Syndicate", a group of 12 high-speed, interurban, electric train lines which ran from Buffalo, New York, through Rochester and Syracuse, then north to Oswego on Lake Ontario.
The company acquired control of the Empire State Railroad in 1922. In 1930, the company leased the Port-Byron-Auburn line after the abandonment of the direct interurban between Syracuse and Auburn, however this was short lived as the entire R&S line was abandoned on June 27, 1931.
New York State railways.
New York State Railways, formed in 1909, was a grouping of several large city streetcar and electric interurban systems in upstate New York. It included the city transit systems in Rochester, Syracuse, Utica, Oneida and Rome, plus various interurban lines connecting those cities.
The company was formed when the New York Central Railroad (NYC) consolidated its previously purchased (in 1905) with several interurban companies in Rochester. In 1912 it added the Rochester and Suburban Railway, the Syracuse Rapid Transit Railway, the Oneida Railway and the Utica and Mohawk Valley Railway In effect, the big steam railroad system (NYC) was able to monopolize local and intercity passenger business along its Mohawk Valley mainline. The company discontinued streetcar service in 1941.
Empire United railways.
The Empire United Railways was established in 1912 after the Auburn and Northern Railroad and the Rochester, Syracuse and Eastern Rapid Railroad consolidated. In 1913, Syracuse, Lake Shore and Northern Railroad was merged into the company.
The rail was part of the "Beebe Syndicate", a group of 12 high-speed, interurban, electric train lines which ran from Buffalo, New York, through Rochester and Syracuse, then north to Oswego on Lake Ontario. The line had an "electric parlor car" named "Syracuse" in 1912 that made runs between Syracuse and Rochester.
The company was consolidated into the Empire State Railway in 1917.
Empire State railway.
The Empire State Railroad Corporation was formed on October 30, 1916, to take over part of the property of the Empire United Railways, Inc..
The new company took over the property from the receiver on October 31, 1916. The firm owned the interurban electric railway known as the Empire State Railway that ran between Syracuse and Oswego, including the local electric railway system in Oswego and the Syracuse terminal. The Rochester and Syracuse Railroad used the Syracuse terminal under a rental agreement.
The Empire State Railroad Corporation also owned the interurban electric railway extending from Auburn to a connection with the Rochester and Syracuse Railroad at Port Byron, New York, west of Syracuse. They also owned part of the local electric railway system in Auburn which was operated by the Auburn and Syracuse Electric Railroad. The total track owned by the Empire State Railroad Corporation was , of which was interurban and city track. Power was supplied by the Niagara, Lockport and Ontario Power Company from Niagara Falls, Salmon River and Oswego River hydro-electric developments.
Syracuse Northern Electric railway.
The Syracuse Northern Electric Railway, also known as Syracuse and Northern Electric Railway, came out of the Syracuse and South Bay Railway Company The road was in business by 1917 when the directors authorized the sale of four miles of track from Watertown Junction to South Bay, New York. The double-track lines were torn up and replaced with a single-track line. The section of rail was sold for $30,000.
Regional line.
OnTrack.
OnTrack was a regional rail line that operated in Syracuse, New York, from 1994 to 2007. During its operation, Syracuse was the smallest city in the United States to have regional train service. The line ran from Colvin Street on the city's south side via Syracuse University and Armory Square to the Carousel Center, using four Budd Rail Diesel Cars (RDC-1) built in the 1950s. It was operated by the New York, Susquehanna and Western Railway.

</doc>
<doc id="31025035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025035" title="China railways CIT trains">
China railways CIT trains

China Railways CIT trains refers to high-speed test trains that are used on the Chinese High Speed railways, CIT means "Comprehensive Inspection Train". usually ordered by Chinese Ministry of Rail (MOR) or China Academy of Railway Sciences (CARS).
The trains equipped with special devices to monitor the condition of the track, wheel-rail force, Catenary, Pantograph, communication system and signal system, sometimes the trains are used for speed test.
Basically the built of these trainsets are based on their original commercial designs, like the CIT001 (based on CRH5) and CIT400A (based on CRH380A), the CIT380A trainset was converted from the prototype of CRH380A (CRH2-150C), while some of the trainset was re-equipping of commercial trains, which are not designated as CIT trains by names with normal series numbers instead.
List of CIT trains.
CIT001.
CIT001 (Origin name CRH5-000) is an 8-car trainset based on CRH5 design, service as 250 km/h test train.
The CIT001 was ordered by China Academy of Railway Sciences On April 2, 2007, and was co-designed by CARS and CNR. the official name is Code Zero Comprehensive Inspection Train. The train is painted with yellow and white color and started test run on July 1, 2007. came into service on June 6, 2008.
Formation
CRH2 type trainset.
CRH2-010A.
CRH2-010A is the first ever high-speed test train of China; it is also the first CRH2 trainset manufactured by CSR Sifang; the trainset rolled off the line on July 31, 2006. In March 2007 it was converted to be 250 km/h test train. The train is equipped with ATP, the signal parameters, the wireless field, pantograph and catenary, track geometry, dynamics and acceleration detecting devices and circuit-monitoring system.
Formation
CRH2-061C & CRH2-068C.
CRH2-061C is the first 300 km/h High Speed trainset manufactured by CSR Sifang, the trainset rolled-off line on December 22, 2007. During the test on December 11, 2009, CRH2-061C reached a top speed of on Zhengzhou-Xi'a high-speed rail.
CRH2-061C now service as 350 km/h inspection train, equipped with track inspection, Catenaries examination and signal inspection devices.
CRH2-068C is also a 350 km/h inspection train, equipped with track inspection, Dynamics performance monitor and Pantograph/Catenary inspection devices.
CRH380A type trainset.
CIT380A.
CIT380A is a 350 km/h High speed comprehensive inspection train, it is converted from The prototype vehicle of CRH380A, the original train, CRH2-150C was rolled off on April, 2010, the eight-car train was midofied to a CIT train after series of test for the design of CRH380A, and delivered on November, 2010.
Formation
CIT400A (CRH400A-001).
The CRH400A-001 is the first ever 380 km/h CIT train of China, based on the CRH380A design, the 8-car trainset is manufactured by CSR Sifang factory, rolled-off line by February 22, 2011. formation 7M1T, designed top testing speed 500 km/h.
the develop starts from June 2010 and the project is named CIT400A, on February 23, 2011, the CRH400A-001 arrives at CARS, after a series of modify and rectify, the Trainset is set to enter service at March 3, the trainset will do a lot of inspection work at the Jinghu PDL.
CIT400B (CRH400B-001).
The CIT400B is a 380 km/h CIT train, Co-manufactured by CNR Tangshan factory and CNR Changchun factory, the design is based on CNR's CRH380CL trainset, formation 6M2T, designed top speed 500 km/h, and top operating speed 400 km/h.
Formation
CIT500.
On December 7, 2010, During the 7th World High-speed Rail Conference held in Beijing, Officer from the CSR Group Confirmed that China will launch High Speed test in 2011 and will try to break the current speed record - 574.8 km/h achieved by French trainset V150, which confirmed CSR was developing the CIT500 trainset.
On December 22, 2011, the train, officially named Higher Speed Experimental Train, rolled off of production lines. It is scheduled to enter testing in the near future. The train set is composed of 6 motored cars with a power output of 22,800 kW, which results in an extremely high power to weight ratio.

</doc>
<doc id="31025040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025040" title="Shahid Mofatteh Stadium">
Shahid Mofatteh Stadium

Shahid Mofatteh Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Hamedan, Iran. It is used mostly for football matches, on club level by PAS Hamedan F.C.. The stadium has a capacity of 15,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="31025044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025044" title="Skip Pitlock">
Skip Pitlock

Lee Patrick Thomas Pitlock (born November 6, 1947) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. Noted for his unusual wind-up, he had a "herky-jerky" motion which deceived major league batters, and led to 124 career strikeouts in 192.2 innings pitched.
Early years.
Pitlock was born in Hillside, Illinois, and attended Immaculate Conception High School in Elmhurst, Illinois. Drafted by the San Francisco Giants in the eleventh round of the 1969 Major League Baseball Draft out of Southern Illinois University, Pitlock went 10-2 with a 2.20 earned run average in his first professional season with the Pioneer League Great Falls Giants and California League Fresno Giants to jump all the way to triple A for his sophomore season.
San Francisco Giants.
Just about a year to the day after signing with the Giants, Pitlock earned his first call to the major leagues in June, . Starting against Bob Gibson and the St. Louis Cardinals, Pitlock was tagged for four runs in the first three innings and took the loss in his major league debut. His finest performance was a complete game victory on August 3 against the Los Angeles Dodgers, in which he allowed two unearned runs on four hits and two walks while striking out nine. For the season, Pitlock went 5-5 with a 4.66 ERA in fifteen starts. He also made thirteen starts for the Phoenix Giants, going 10-3 with a 2.46 ERA.
He spent the next two seasons with Phoenix, going a combined 15-21 with a 4.93 ERA. Originally a starter when he signed with the Giants, Pitlock began seeing more work in relief in & . During Spring training , he was traded to the Chicago White Sox for Chuck Hartenstein and Glenn Redmon.
Chicago White Sox.
Pitlock went 8-8 with a 4.05 ERA for the Denver Bears in . He earned a job in Chicago's bullpen out of Spring training , going 2-2 with a 4.01 ERA in 35 relief appearances, and earning his only career save on June 19 against the Cleveland Indians. He also made five starts, going 1-1 with a 6.20 ERA.
Pitlock faced just one major league batter, Billy Williams in , and gave up an RBI single. He was 4-1 with a 3.91 ERA for the Denver Bears mostly in relief. On June 15, he and Stan Bahnsen were traded to the Oakland Athletics for Dave Hamilton and Chet Lemon.
Upon his acquisition by the A's, he was assigned to the Pacific Coast League's Tucson Toros, and converted back into a starter. He spent one more season as a minor leaguer before retiring.
Career stats.
A below average fielder and hitter, Pitlock committed four errors in 1974, and struck out eighteen times in 25 career at-bats. His one career home run came on August 8, 1970 against Wade Blasingame of the Houston Astros.

</doc>
<doc id="31025054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025054" title="Petra Stadium">
Petra Stadium

Petra Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Amman, Jordan. It is currently used mostly for football matches. The stadium has a capacity of 5,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="31025059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025059" title="El anónimo">
El anónimo

El anónimo ("The Anonymous") is a 1933 Mexican film. It was directed by Fernando de Fuentes.
Plot.
A drama based on the life of a Doctor (Carlos Orellana), who leads a decent life and whose wife (Gloria Iturbe) is an adultress.

</doc>
<doc id="31025062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025062" title="El prisionero trece">
El prisionero trece

El prisionero trece ("Prisoner Thirteen") is a 1933 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Fernando de Fuentes.

</doc>
<doc id="31025063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025063" title="Yuan Jinkai">
Yuan Jinkai

Yuan Jinkai (; Hepburn: "En Kingai"; 1870 – March 1947), was a politician in the late Qing Empire, serving subsequently under the Beiyang Government and the Fengtian clique, subsequently becoming a cabinet minister in the Empire of Manchukuo.
Biography.
A native of Liaoyang city, Yuan served as deputy commander of the local police under the late Qing dynasty. In October 1913, after the Xinhai Revolution, he was appointed deputy governor of Liaoning Province and in 1915 was selected to represent the province in the Upper House of the legislature of the Republic of China. However, after the death of Yuan Shikai, northern China fell back into chaos, and Yuan became a supporter of the Manchurian warlord Zhang Zuolin. In 1916, Yuan was appointed chief secretary to the Fentian Army. He subsequently served as chief secretary to Zhang’s army in Heilongjiang Province, and was given a seat on the board of directors of the Chinese Eastern Railway. In 1930, he served as deputy director on the Control Yuan.
After the Mukden Incident in 1931, Yuan worked with Kan Chaoxi to declare Shenyang independent from the Republic of China, and subsequently cooperated with the Imperial Japanese Army on the Self-Government Guiding Board in the establishment of the state of Manchukuo. He served in local government and on various legal committees from 1932-1935 including the Constitutional Commission, and in February 1935 was appointed to Senate of Manchukuo, and to the cabinet as Lord Keeper of the Privy Seal. Yuan retired in April 1944 after suffering from a stroke which left his limbs paralyzed. 
Somehow overlooked during the Soviet invasion of Manchuria by the Soviet Red Army and the Chinese Communist Party, Yuan died in his hometown of Laioyang in March 1947 at the age of 78. 

</doc>
<doc id="31025065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025065" title="La calandria (1933 film)">
La calandria (1933 film)

La calandria ("The Calendar") is a 1933 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Fernando de Fuentes.

</doc>
<doc id="31025067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025067" title="El tigre de Yautepec">
El tigre de Yautepec

El tigre de Yautepec ("The Tiger of Yautepec") is a 1933 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Fernando de Fuentes.#
The plot of the film is about a good man and his son are kidnapped by a bunch of bandits called 'Los Chacales'. Twenty years after, another band of 'banditos' (Los Plateados) terrorizes the region. The leader of 'Los Plateados', El Tigre (Ortiz), is the boy kidnapped 20 years before. El Tigre knows beautiful Dolores (Gallardo) and decides to conquer her... without knowing she's his long-lost sister.

</doc>
<doc id="31025068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025068" title="El compadre Mendoza">
El compadre Mendoza

El compadre Mendoza is a 1934 Mexican film. It was directed by Fernando de Fuentes, and is the second of his "Revolution Trilogy", preceded by "El prisionero trece" and followed by "Vámonos con Pancho Villa".
In 1994, the Mexican magazine Somos published a list of "The 100 best movies of the cinema of Mexico" in its 100th edition and choose "El compadre Mendoza" the 3rd better of all time, just behind "Vámonos con Pancho Villa" and "Los olvidados".
Plot.
This is the story of Rosalío Mendoza, a Mexican landowner during the Mexican Revolution of 1910. Rosalio survives by befriending both the army and the revolutionaries. Everyone is welcomed in his ranch but the situation becomes unbearable and Rosalio must choose whose side he is on.
Cast.
Various of main cast appeared in more than one movie of the "trilogy":

</doc>
<doc id="31025070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025070" title="1894 Wimbledon Championships – Ladies' Singles">
1894 Wimbledon Championships – Ladies' Singles

Blanche Hillyard (née Bingley) defeated Edith Austin 6–1, 6–1 in the All Comers' Final, and then defeated the reigning champion Lottie Dod by a walkover in the Challenge Round to win the Ladies' Singles tennis title at the 1894 Wimbledon Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="31025072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025072" title="Joyce Farmer">
Joyce Farmer

Joyce Farmer (born 1938 in Los Angeles, California) is an American cartoonist. She was a participant in the underground comix movement. With Lyn Chevli, she created the feminist anthology comic book series "Tits & Clits Comix" in 1972.
In addition to "Tits & Clits", Farmer helped produce an underground comic about abortion, "Abortion Eve", in 1973. She also contributed to the other all-woman comic, "Wimmen's Comix".
Never making any money from underground comics, Farmer struggled through the 1970s and 1980s in a turbulent marriage, often acting as a single mother. Dropping out of comics after the final issue of "Tits & Clits", in the late 1980s and 1990s Farmer worked as a bail bondsman and took care of her aging father and stepmother.
In 2000, her work was published in the Fantagraphics anthology "Zero Zero". Remarried and living in Laguna Beach, Farmer began documenting in comics form the sad and sometimes humorous episodes of her parents' final years, sending samples to former fellow underground cartoonist Robert Crumb. Crumb convinced her to finish the book, and sent it to Fantagraphics, who published it in 2010 under the title "Special Exits."
Awards.
In 2011, "Special Exits" won the National Cartoonists Society's Graphic Novel Award.

</doc>
<doc id="31025080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025080" title="El fantasma del convento">
El fantasma del convento

El fantasma del convento ("The Phantom of the Monastery") is a 1934 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Fernando de Fuentes. 
Fernando de Fuentes, the first master of the Mexican cinema, shot this oppressive movie on location in the Teotzotlan monastery. The macabre and lyrical story can be read in two ways. 
Plot.
Cristina (Marta Roel), the wife of Eduardo (Carlos Villatoro), tries to seduce their friend, Alfonso (Enrique del Campo). One night, they lose their way and are guided by a mysterious stranger to an eerie monastery. Over a meal, the old Father Superior (Paco Martinez) tells them the story of a monk who seduced a friend's wife: when he died, the monk could not find peace in death and returned to his cursed cell. Alfonso, about to give in to Cristina's advances, finds the fateful cell and enters it. The sinful monk's mummified corpse gestures towards a book dripping with blood and when the cadaver of Eduardo appears to him as well, Alfonso sinks into a delirium. When he wakes, the trio find out that the monastery has been a ruin for many years and the crypt with the mummified monk has become a tourist attraction. During a final meal in the spectral setting, Cristina accuses Alfonso of cowardice. 
Interpretation.
While the story can be understood as accusing women of being vessels of the devil, the visual aspects of the fantasy contrast the desiccated bodies of the monks and the monastery's acetic blankness to the vibrant sensuality of the dark-haired Roel whose sexuality neither marriage, religion nor superstition can repress. Desire and repression are shown as two sides of the same coin. Repression is signified through the story's literary content and the Father Superior's tale which is spoken rather than shown, while desire disturbs and positively animates the movie's imagery. 
Reception.
The entire picture, with its ghostly, self-flagellating monks, empty coffins and shadowy bats, bathes in an uncanny atmosphere, with the cell scene as the undoubted high point of the film. 
Although excellently shot, however, the story is rather slow-paced. 
Co-scenarist Juan Bustillo Oro went on to direct another classic monk story, "Dos Monjes" (1934).

</doc>
<doc id="31025082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025082" title="Cruz Diablo">
Cruz Diablo

Cruz Diablo is a 1934 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Fernando de Fuentes.

</doc>
<doc id="31025085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025085" title="Ali Sabah Al-Salem Stadium">
Ali Sabah Al-Salem Stadium

Ali Al-Salem Al-Sabah Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Al Farwaniyah, Kuwait. It is currently used mostly for football matches, on club level by Al Naser Sporting Club of the Kuwaiti Premier League. The stadium has a capacity of 10,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="31025086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025086" title="La familia Dressel">
La familia Dressel

La familia Dressel is a 1935 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Fernando de Fuentes.

</doc>
<doc id="31025090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025090" title="National Coalition Party Pro Patria">
National Coalition Party Pro Patria

National Coalition Party Pro Patria was an Estonian political party founded in 1992 and merged in 1995 into Pro Patria Union.
The National Coalition Party 'Pro Patria' was founded in September, 1992, as four electoral cartel partners merged:
The last three had left the National Coalition Party "Pro Patria" during 1994. In 1994, the dissident groups split and formed their own People's Party of Republicans and Conservatives.
Toivo Jürgenson was elected the first Chairman of the party. He served in this position till 1998 and later became Minister of Transportation and Communications.

</doc>
<doc id="31025091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025091" title="Joseph Phillips (jurist)">
Joseph Phillips (jurist)

Joseph Phillips was an American politician and jurist from Tennessee.
Phillips was the second and last Secretary of Illinois Territory serving from 1816 until 1818. In 1818, upon the admission of Illinois to the union, Phillips was elected the first Chief Justice of the Illinois Supreme Court serving until 1822, when he resigned to run for Governor of Illinois on a pro-slavery platform, and was defeated. After this defeat, he returned to his home state of Tennessee. 

</doc>
<doc id="31025095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025095" title="Petróleo">
Petróleo

Petróleo ("Petroleum") is a 1936 Mexican film directed by Fernando de Fuentes.

</doc>
<doc id="31025097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025097" title="Ety Habitation Site">
Ety Habitation Site

The Ety Habitation Site is an archaeological site in the central part of the U.S. state of Ohio. Located northeast of the village of Carroll in Fairfield County, it encompasses an area of about , which is covered by a group of hillocks. Here have been found large numbers of artifacts of prehistoric man; the nature of the material found suggests that the Habitation Site was a substantial settlement for a long period, most likely from the Hopewellian period, two thousand years ago. Few Hopewellian sites have been discovered that both yielded such valuable information and were so little damaged by the passage of time; as a result, the Ety Habitation Site is a leading archaeological site.
Contributing to the rarity of the Ety Habitation Site is its proximity to one of the culture's monumental geometric earthworks. Few village sites have been found near Hopewell earthworks; as late as 1939, no Hopewell village sites had ever been excavated. Known as the Ety Enclosure, these earthworks are also an unusually well-preserved archaeological site.
Because of its archaeological value, the Ety Habitation Site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974. Two other archaeological sites near Carroll are also on the Register: the Ety Enclosure, and the Coon Hunters Mound, which was built by the earlier Adena culture.

</doc>
<doc id="31025099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025099" title="Desfile deportivo">
Desfile deportivo

Desfile deportivo ("Sports Parade") is a 1936 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Fernando de Fuentes.

</doc>
<doc id="31025100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025100" title="Al Shabab Mubarak Alaiar Stadium">
Al Shabab Mubarak Alaiar Stadium

Al Shabab Mubarak Alaiar Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Jahra, Kuwait. It is used mostly for football matches, on club level by Al Jahra of the Kuwaiti Premier League. The stadium has a capacity of 17,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="31025101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025101" title="Las mujeres mandan">
Las mujeres mandan

Las mujeres mandan ("The Women Rule") is a 1937 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Fernando de Fuentes.
Plot.
Del Diestro plays Isidoro a bored bank teller, who decides to leave his family to follow a young dancer, Chayito, played by Tamayo. Once in Mexico City they become lovers and she asks him to rob the bank he used to work for.

</doc>
<doc id="31025102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025102" title="Andreas Siljeström">
Andreas Siljeström

Andreas Siljeström (born July 21, 1981) is a Swedish professional tennis player who specialises in doubles. He has a career doubles high-ranking of 65 (achieved in February, 2012).
He is among the tallest male players on the tour, only Ivo Karlović (208 cm) is taller and he is as tall as John Isner (206 cm).

</doc>
<doc id="31025103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025103" title="Bajo el cielo de México">
Bajo el cielo de México

Bajo el cielo de México ("Under the Skies of Mexico") is a 1937 Mexican dramedy film. It was directed by 
Fernando de Fuentes.

</doc>
<doc id="31025105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025105" title="Ann Phelan">
Ann Phelan

Ann Phelan (born 16 September 1961) is an Irish Labour Party politician. She was elected as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Carlow–Kilkenny constituency at the 2011 general election.
Phelan was elected to Kilkenny County Council in 2004 and 2009 for the Thomastown electoral area.

</doc>
<doc id="31025107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025107" title="Papacito lindo">
Papacito lindo

Papacito lindo ("Cute Daddy") is a 1939 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Fernando de Fuentes.

</doc>
<doc id="31025109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025109" title="La casa del ogro">
La casa del ogro

La casa del ogro ("The House of the Ogre") is a 1939 Mexican film.

</doc>
<doc id="31025110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025110" title="El jefe máximo">
El jefe máximo

El jefe máximo ("The Supreme Leader") is a 1940 Mexican film. It was directed by Fernando de Fuentes.

</doc>
<doc id="31025112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025112" title="Creo en Dios">
Creo en Dios

Creo en Dios ("I Believe in God") is a 1941 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Fernando de Fuentes.

</doc>
<doc id="31025113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025113" title="Fisch (surname)">
Fisch (surname)

Fisch is surname of:

</doc>
<doc id="31025114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025114" title="La gallina clueca">
La gallina clueca

La gallina clueca ("The Broody Hen") is a 1941 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Fernando de Fuentes.
Reception.
"El Tiempo" was very positive when describing "La gallina clueca", saying that its plot had "amazing realism" as well as being "moving" and "interesting".

</doc>
<doc id="31025115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025115" title="¡Así se quiere en Jalisco!">
¡Así se quiere en Jalisco!

¡Así se quiere en Jalisco! ("That's the way we love in Jalisco!") is a 1942 Mexican film. It was directed by Fernando de Fuentes.

</doc>
<doc id="31025120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025120" title="KRL Stadium">
KRL Stadium

KRL Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Rawalpindi, Pakistan. It is currently used mostly for football matches, on club level by KRL FC of the Pakistan Premier League. This ground also used for first-class cricket and List A cricket matches as home venue for Khan Research Laboratories cricket team. The stadium has a capacity of 10,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="31025122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025122" title="Hasta que perdió Jalisco">
Hasta que perdió Jalisco

Hasta que perdió Jalisco ("Until He Lost Jalisco") is a 1945 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Fernando de Fuentes.

</doc>
<doc id="31025129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025129" title="La selva de fuego">
La selva de fuego

La Selva de Fuego ("The Forest Fire") is a 1945 Mexican romantic drama film directed by Fernando de Fuentes and starring Dolores del Río.
Plot summary.
The movie develops into the Jungle of Chiapas in México. A beautiful woman named Estrella (Dolores del Río) lost in a savage zone of the jungle. She is found by a group of men who are being held into the jungle as social outcasts. Their leader, Luciano (Arturo de Córdova) is a man of integrity, but with an inexplicable hatred toward women. The presence of a sensual woman between several alone men causing a chaos that only Luciano can save.
Curiosities.
According María Félix in her autobiography ("Todas mis Guerras" México, 1993), cause of this movie, she and Dolores del Río mistook their paths for only time. The film was written by Félix, but the messenger sent by mistake the film for Dolores. María finished filming the movie "Vértigo" (written by Dolores).

</doc>
<doc id="31025131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025131" title="Esperanza (1946 film)">
Esperanza (1946 film)

Esperanza ("Hope") is a 1946 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Fernando de Fuentes.

</doc>
<doc id="31025133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025133" title="Aly El-Araby">
Aly El-Araby

Aly Mohamed Ahmed () (born 1 January 1989 in Asyut, Egypt) is an Egyptian Footballer. He plays as a Full back or Winger for Egyptian Premier League club ENPPI as well as the Egypt U-20 national team.
International career.
Aly currently plays for the Egyptian U-23 national youth team. He led the right flank line in all Egypt's matches the 2009 FIFA U-20 World Cup that was hosted by Egypt from September 25 to October 16.

</doc>
<doc id="31025134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025134" title="PAF Complex">
PAF Complex

PAF Complex is a multi-use stadium in Islamabad, Pakistan. It is currently used mostly for football matches, on club level by PAF FC of the Pakistan Premier League. The stadium has a capacity of 6,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="31025137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025137" title="La devoradora">
La devoradora

La devoradora ("The Devourer") is a 1946 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Fernando de Fuentes.

</doc>
<doc id="31025139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025139" title="Hipólito, el de Santa">
Hipólito, el de Santa

Hipólito, el de Santa ("Hippolytis the Saint") is a 1950 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Fernando de Fuentes and written by Luis Alcoriza.
Plot.
Hipolito is a blind cabaret pianist who comes to the aid of a young woman named Santa. He hides from her the fact that he’s blind because he doesn’t want her pity.

</doc>
<doc id="31025141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025141" title="Por la puerta falsa">
Por la puerta falsa

Por la puerta falsa ("Through the Back Door") is a 1950 Mexican film directed by Fernando de Fuentes.

</doc>
<doc id="31025142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025142" title="2011 Challenger DCNS de Cherbourg – Doubles">
2011 Challenger DCNS de Cherbourg – Doubles

Nicolas Mahut and Édouard Roger-Vasselin were the defending champions, but lost to Pierre-Hugues Herbert and Nicolas Renavand 6–3, 4–6, [5–10] in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="31025147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025147" title="Crimen y castigo">
Crimen y castigo

Crimen y castigo ("Crime and Punishment") is a 1951 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Fernando de Fuentes.

</doc>
<doc id="31025151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025151" title="Los hijos de María Morales">
Los hijos de María Morales

Los hijos de María Morales ("The Children of Maria Morales") is a 1952 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Fernando de Fuentes.

</doc>
<doc id="31025156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025156" title="Canción de cuna (1953 film)">
Canción de cuna (1953 film)

Canción de cuna ("Lullaby") is a 1953 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Fernando de Fuentes.

</doc>
<doc id="31025166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025166" title="Tres citas con el destino">
Tres citas con el destino

Tres citas con el destino ("Three Dates With Destiny") is a 1954 Mexican film directed by Fernando de Fuentes.

</doc>
<doc id="31025168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025168" title="Al Hazm Club Stadium">
Al Hazm Club Stadium

Al Hazm Club Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Ar Rass, Saudi Arabia. It is currently used mostly for football matches, on club level by Al Hazm of the Saudi Professional League.spectators. The stadium has a capacity of 3,000

</doc>
<doc id="31025170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025170" title="Ministry of Transport Machine-Building Industry">
Ministry of Transport Machine-Building Industry

People's Commissariat of the Tank Industry of the USSR ("Народный комиссариат танковой промышленности СССР") – one of the central offices in the Soviet Union, the equivalent of the Ministry, which oversaw the production of tank industry.
People's Commissariat of the Tank Industry was created 11 September 1941 on the basis of People's Commissariat of Middle Engineering Industry in conjunction with those of large losses of tanks in World War II. Similar commissariates existed at that time in other areas of the defense industry, such as aviation and NKTP was organized similarly.
NKTP became one of the largest industrial ministries of the USSR. It consisted of a series of industrial giants, employing over 10,000 people each. In total, during the war in his factories employed thousands 200,000 – 250,000 people.
The company incorporated NKTP with experience in the production of tanks since 1930:
Since the beginning of September 1941 the majority of plants being taken over by the Germans, while the composition of NKTP includes businesses located in the eastern regions of the USSR. They evacuated facilities, such as
Moreover, the composition became NKTP
At the end of 1941, NKTP forming process has been completed.
In the first stage the main task was the sharp rise NKTP production of tanks.
During 1942 a significant reduction in the complexity of the production T-34. In this way, Works No. 183, it declined by 22%, while Works No. 112 – 40%.
Great importance for the development of the production of tanks were also changes in their structure. However, to simplify design and production process led to a decrease in reliability, so in the summer of 1942, major efforts were directed NKTP designers to simplify the production technology to improve the reliability of the tanks.
Activities NKTP in the initial period of war (1941–1942) can be described as a success story of Soviet production of tanks, which in quantitative terms, grew much faster than the production of tanks in Germany and occupied countries. Thus, in the Soviet Union in 1942 produced 24,504 tanks and self-propelled guns in Germany — only 6,189 in 1943 – 24,006 (10,700 in Germany.) In 1944 – 28,983 (18,300 in Germany), in the first half of 1945 – 15,422 (Germany only 4,400).
October 14, 1945 the People's Commissariat of the Tank Industry of the USSR was renamed the People's Commissariat of Transport Machine-Building Industry of the USSR ("Народный комиссариат транспортного машиностроения СССР"). From 1946 – Ministry of Transport Machine-Building Industry of the USSR ("Министерство транспортного машиностроения СССР").
Headquarters.
The seat was located in Moscow at Ryazanskaya St. ("Рязанская ул.") 8а, then evacuated to Chelyabinsk. The phone books does not indicate the address of the Ministry.

</doc>
<doc id="31025186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025186" title="El rey se divierte">
El rey se divierte

El rey se divierte ("The Sports King") is a 1944 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Fernando de Fuentes.

</doc>
<doc id="31025188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025188" title="Si Adelita se fuera con otro">
Si Adelita se fuera con otro

Si Adelita se fuera con otro ("If Adelita is Out With Another") is a 1948 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta and produced by Fernando de Fuentes.

</doc>
<doc id="31025189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025189" title="Metallurg Stadium (Olmaliq)">
Metallurg Stadium (Olmaliq)

Metallurg Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Olmaliq, Uzbekistan. It is currently used mostly for football matches, on club level by Olmaliq FK of the Uzbek League. The stadium has a capacity of 11,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="31025191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025191" title="El colmillo de Buda">
El colmillo de Buda

El colmillo de Buda ("The Tooth of Buddha") is a 1949 Mexican film. It was produced by 
Fernando de Fuentes.

</doc>
<doc id="31025193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025193" title="Growing Up Today Study">
Growing Up Today Study

The Growing Up Today Study (GUTS), established in the United States in 1996, follows over 26,000 children aged 9 to 14, in order to evaluate the factors that influence weight change. The participants are children of the women who took part in the second Nurses' Health Study, which assessed the risk factors for cancer and cardiovascular diseases. 16,882 children were enrolled in GUTS I, and 10,923 children were enrolled in GUTS II in 2004. Participants were initially surveyed on an annual basis until 2001, and have been surveyed biennially thereafter.

</doc>
<doc id="31025195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025195" title="Live, Laugh, Love (song)">
Live, Laugh, Love (song)

"Live, Laugh, Love" is a song written by Allen Shamblin and Gary Nicholson, and recorded by American country music singer Clay Walker. It was released in August 1999 as the second single and title track from his album of the same name. "Live, Laugh, Love" reached a peak of #11 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts. It also peaked at #21 in Canada and at #65 on the Hot 100.
Background.
In an interview with "The Flint Journal" Walker said, "It's really become my theme song. You have to live, laugh and love no matter what's going on in your life. It's not that you ignore or go into denial about MS, but you have to make a conscious choice what your attitude is going to be."
Content.
The song is up-tempo in which the narrator discusses living life to the fullest.
Reception.
The editors at "Billboard" gave the song a positive review and wrote, "The melody is perfect for summertime radio, and the lyric, penned by Gary Nicholson and Allen Shamblin, is a positive ode to the joys of living life to its fullest. It's one of those songs that just instantly makes you feel better after you've heard it. It can almost mentally take you to a faraway beach and put a piña colada in your hand--it's that fresh and inviting." Lance Ringel of "The Ledger" wrote, "The title track is an utterly infectious uptempo number that has "hit" written all over it." 
Music video.
The music video for this song was directed by Deaton Flanigen.
Chart performance.
This song entered the Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart at number 70 on the chart dated August 7, 1999. 

</doc>
<doc id="31025197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025197" title="Las tandas del principal">
Las tandas del principal

Las tandas del principal ("The Batches of the Principal") is a 1949 Mexican film. It was produced by 
Fernando de Fuentes.

</doc>
<doc id="31025198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025198" title="No me defiendas compadre">
No me defiendas compadre

No me defiendas compadre ("Don't defend me, friend") is a 1949 Mexican film. It was produced by 
Fernando de Fuentes.

</doc>
<doc id="31025201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025201" title="Médico de guardia">
Médico de guardia

Médico de guardia ("Doctor on Call") is a 1950 Mexican film. It was produced by 
Fernando de Fuentes.

</doc>
<doc id="31025205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025205" title="Corazón de fiera">
Corazón de fiera

Corazón de fiera is a 1951 Mexican film. It was produced by 
Fernando de Fuentes.

</doc>
<doc id="31025206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025206" title="Damoh (Vidhan Sabha constituency)">
Damoh (Vidhan Sabha constituency)

Damoh Vidhan Sabha constituency () is one of the 230 Vidhan Sabha (Legislative Assembly) constituencies of Madhya Pradesh state in central India. This constituency came into existence in 1951, as one of the Vidhan Sabha constituencies of Madhya Pradesh state. 
Overview.
Damoh (constituency number 55) is one of the 4 Vidhan Sabha constituencies located in Damoh district. This constituency covers the Damoh municipality and part of Damoh tehsil of the district.
Damoh is part of Damoh Lok Sabha constituency along with seven other Vidhan Sabha segments, namely, Pathariya, Jabera and Hatta in this district, Deori, Rehli and Banda in Sagar district and Malhara in Chhatarpur district.

</doc>
<doc id="31025208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025208" title="Entre abogados te veas">
Entre abogados te veas

Entre abogados te veas ("Among Lawyers I See You") is a 1951 Mexican film. It was produced by 
Fernando de Fuentes.

</doc>
<doc id="31025212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025212" title="Paco, el elegante">
Paco, el elegante

Paco, el elegante ("Paco, the Elegant") is a 1952 Mexican film. It was produced by 
Fernando de Fuentes.

</doc>
<doc id="31025213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025213" title="Las locuras de Tin-Tan">
Las locuras de Tin-Tan

Las locuras de Tin-Tan ("The Follies of Tin-Tan") is a 1952 Mexican film. It was produced by 
Fernando de Fuentes.

</doc>
<doc id="31025216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025216" title="Ninh Bình Stadium">
Ninh Bình Stadium

Ninh Bình Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Ninh Bình, Vietnam. It is currently used mostly for football matches, on club level by XM The Vissai Ninh Bình of the V-League. The stadium has a capacity of 22,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="31025218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025218" title="La intrusa (1954 film)">
La intrusa (1954 film)

La intrusa ("The Intruder") is a 1954 Mexican film. It was produced by 
Fernando de Fuentes.

</doc>
<doc id="31025222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025222" title="Saudefaldene">
Saudefaldene

Saudefaldene is a former hydroelectric power company in Sauda, Norway.
It was founded in 1913 to harness hydropower in the Sauda Watershed. Building of power plants started in 1914, and power was delivered from 1919. It was bought by Union Carbide in 1925, but after the national escheat came into effect in 1979 both Saudefaldene and the production company Sauda Smelteverk were bought by Norwegian company Elkem.

</doc>
<doc id="31025224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025224" title="Escuela de vagabundos">
Escuela de vagabundos

Escuela de vagabundos ("School for Tramps") is a 1955 Mexican film. It was produced by Fernando de Fuentes. It's considered one of the finest comedies of Mexican cinema, and is adapted from the screenplay for the MGM movie "Merrily We Live" (1938).
Plot.
In a mansion outside a nameless city (apparently Mexico City), lives the wealthy Valverde family: the patriarch Miguel (Oscar Pulido) a business man; Emilia (Blanca de Castejón), his wife, a fun and good-hearted but slightly deranged woman; and their two daughters: the oldest, Susi, short for Susana, (Miroslava Stern) and Lala, a nickname for Laura(Anabelle Gutierrez). Emilia often picks up tramps in hope to reform them into productive men, but they always disappear stealing anything they can in the house.
In the surrounding woods, Alberto Medina, a famous songwriter, is on a vacation hunting trip. The old car he's driving suddenly starts heating up and shooting vapor through the radiator, Alberto gets out of the car to search for water but the car, not having on the emergency break, starts going downhill in reverse until it falls off a cliff and gets destroyed, so he has to walk to find help and ends up in the Valverde's home, asking to make a phonecall, but because of his dirty and ragged clothes Emilia takes him for a tramp and invites him to stay with them. After catching a glimpse of Susi (Stern), Alberto accepts, despite the protests of Emilia's family and their butler Audifás, but in the next days he proves to be more than a regular homeless man: helping Miguel when he arrives home drunk, enchanting the heart of Susi, and especially during a business dinner where he secures Miguel a financial investment support from a bank manager, but also making Susi jealous after the manager's daughter, Patricia, insists on dating him the next day.
Alberto ends up having a date with Patricia, first at a country club and later to an undisclosed place. During that day two patrolmen find the destroyed car at the wreckage and find the owner, who confirms that Alberto was riding the car and they assume he died in the accident. Alberto goes back to the Valverde's later that night and realizes he has no key so he falls asleep in the back room. The next morning when they look for Alberto they don't find him in the bedroom, then Miguel reads a note in the newspaper where they inform he died in a car accident, causing a chaotic chain of faints and madness around the house. During the confusion Alberto finally finds Susi (who fainted first) and kisses her declaring their love after being briefly interrupted by Audifás, who becomes a tramp after seeing all the lucky they have.
Reception and Legacy.
The film met with positive reviews from contemporary critics upon release and proved to be a commercial success.
During the 1955 Ariel Awards the film won two Silver Ariels, one for best supporting actress (Blanca de Castejón) and one for Best Young Actress (Anabelle Gutiérrez).
To this date is considered one of the most beloved comedy films of all times, and it's often broadcast on television. It has the distinction to be the last film premiered during Miroslava Stern's lifetime; she committed suicide five weeks after the film opened.

</doc>
<doc id="31025226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025226" title="Las aventuras de Pito Pérez">
Las aventuras de Pito Pérez

Las aventuras de Pito Pérez ("The Adventures of Pito Pérez") is a 1957 Mexican film. It was produced by Fernando de Fuentes. Based on Pito Perez and José Rubén Romero's useless lives. Film 52 of the 59 movies on Mexican director Juan Bustillo Oro (1904-1988). Bustillo wanted to bring to life José Rubén Romero's famous novel La vida inútil de Pito Pérez (1938) in collaboration with is good friend and colleague Fernando de Fuentes as the producer and writer and incarnating the main character Germán Valdés “Tin Tan”
External links.
Plot

</doc>
<doc id="31025227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025227" title="1999 DCM Trophy">
1999 DCM Trophy

The DCM Trophy was a three match One Day International cricket series which took place between 16-19 September 1999. The tournament was held in Canada, and involved Pakistan and the West Indies. The tournament was won by Pakistan, who won the series 3-0.

</doc>
<doc id="31025229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025229" title="La sombra del otro">
La sombra del otro

La sombra del otro ("The Shadow of the Other") is a 1957 Mexican film. It was produced by 
Fernando de Fuentes.

</doc>
<doc id="31025231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025231" title="Escuela para suegras">
Escuela para suegras

Escuela para suegras ("School for Stepmothers") is a 1958 Mexican film. It was produced by 
Fernando de Fuentes.

</doc>
<doc id="31025236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025236" title="Las mil y una noches">
Las mil y una noches

Las mil y una noches ("The Thousand and One Nights") is a 1958 Mexican film. It was produced by 
Fernando de Fuentes.

</doc>
<doc id="31025238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025238" title="¡Paso a la juventud..!">
¡Paso a la juventud..!

¡Paso a la juventud..! ("Pass to the Young") is a 1958 Mexican film. It was produced by 
Fernando de Fuentes.

</doc>
<doc id="31025240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025240" title="Louise Caroline of Hochberg">
Louise Caroline of Hochberg

Louise Caroline von Hochberg, born Geyer von Geyersberg, from 1787 Baroness von Hochberg, from 1796 Countess of Hochberg (26 May 1768 in Karlsruhe – 23 June 1820, Karlsruhe) was the morganatic second wife of the Margrave and later Grand Duke Charles Frederick of Baden. Her descendants eventually ascended the grandducal throne and reigned until 1918.
Origin.
Louise Caroline Geyer von Geyersberg was the daughter of Lieutenant Colonel Ludwig Heinrich Philip Geyer von Geyersberg (1729-1772) and his wife, Countess Maximiliana von Sponeck. She descends from a family of Lower Austria surnamed "Geiger"; Walther Geiger, a postal administrator in Vienna, being ennobled in the Holy Roman Empire, along with some collateral relatives, in 1595. In 1625 Emperor Ferdinand II authorised them to add the noble suffix "von Geyersberg". Sometime after 1675 Louise Caroline's great-grandfather, Christophe Ferdinand, substituted a more aristocratic version of the surname, "Geyer von Geyersberg". While in the service of Eberhard Louis, Duke of Württemberg his son, Christian Heinrich, self-assumed the title of baron in 1729, having married Christiane von Thummel the previous year. Nonetheless, prior to Louise Caroline's marriage, written references to her at the court of Baden omit any baronial title.
Louise Caroline attended a private school in Colmar. Later she attended the court of Baden-Durlach as a lady in waiting to the Hereditary Princess Amalie.
Marriage to Margrave Charles Frederick.
Although referred to at the wedding on 24 November 1787 by the title "Baroness Geyer von Geyersberg" by her fiance, her marriage to the Margrave Charles Frederick, who had been widowed since 1783, was at the time deemed morganatic because she was regarded as of unequal rank to the prince. Following the wedding, the Margrave declared that his wife would bear the title of "Baroness von Hochberg". In the same proclamation, co-signed by the three sons of his first marriage, he reserved decision on the title and succession rights of sons to be born of the marriage. In July 1799 letters patent were issued by the Holy Roman Emperor Francis II, of retroactive effect to 12 May 1796, elevating her to the Imperial title Countess of Hochberg. She never obtained the rank of an "Imperial princess", nor that of "Margravine", the title borne by Charles Frederick's first wife.
Sons' inheritance.
Although Louise Caroline's children were not initially legally recognised as of dynastic rank, on 20 February 1796 their father clarified in writing (subsequently co-signed by his elder sons) that the couple's sons were eligible to succeed to the margravial throne in order of male primogeniture after extinction of the male issue of his first marriage, who were by then the only remaining dynasts of the House of Baden. The Margrave further declared that his marriage to their mother must "in no way be seen as morganatic, but rather as a true equal marriage", although the daughters remained baronesses and the sons were only assigned the title "Count von Hochberg" at that time. But in 1799 Louise's sons were granted the title of Imperial Counts von Hochberg (retroactive to 1796).
On 10 September 1806, after the abolition of the Holy Roman Empire and assumption of the fully sovereign title "Grand Duke of Baden", Charles Frederick confirmed the dynastic status of the sons of his second marriage. This act was, yet again, signed by all other males of the House of Baden (i.e., his three eldest sons), but was not promulgated.
Charles Frederick died in 1811 and was succeeded (his eldest son being already deceased) by his grandson, Charles, Grand Duke of Baden. On 4 October 1817, as neither he nor the other sons from his grandfather's first marriage had surviving male descendants, Charles confirmed the succession rights of his half-uncles, granting each the title, Prince and Margrave of Baden, and the style of "Highness". He asked the princely congress in Aachen on 20 November 1818, just weeks before his death, to confirm the succession rights of the sons of Louise Caroline.
But this proclamation of Baden's succession evoked international challenges. The Congress of Vienna had, in 1815, recognised the eventual claims of Austria and Bavaria to parts of Baden which it allocated to Charles Frederick in the Upper Palatinate and the Breisgau, anticipating that upon his imminent demise those lands would cease to be part of the Grand Duchy. The disputes were resolved by the Treaty of Frankfurt, 1819, under which Baden ceded a portion of Wertheim, already enclaved within Bavaria, to that Kingdom, whereupon the succession as settled in 1817 was recognized by Bavaria and Austria.
In 1830, ten years after Louise Caroline's death, following the death of Louis I (who was the last ruler of the old line), her son Leopold finally ascended the throne as Grand Duke. Louise's descendants ruled the Grand Duchy of Baden until its abolition in 1918. The current pretenders are descendants of Louise Caroline.
Kaspar Hauser.
It was alleged that Louise Caroline conspired to substitute a dead infant for the first-born son of Grand Duke Charles and Grand Duchess Stephanie, in order the secure the throne for her own sons. When Kaspar Hauser was found, rumour had it that he was this first-born prince of Baden, allegedly spirited away at birth and raised without knowledge of his royal ancestry. Modern historians consider this legend as refuted.
Offspring.
By her marriage to Charles Frederick she had the following children:

</doc>
<doc id="31025242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025242" title="Despedida de casada">
Despedida de casada

Despedida de casada ("Farewell to Marriage") is a 1968 Mexican film. It was produced by 
Fernando de Fuentes.

</doc>
<doc id="31025255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025255" title="Sauda Smelteverk">
Sauda Smelteverk

Sauda Smelteverk is a smelting plant in Sauda, Norway.
It was a plant for producing manganese alloys. It was founded in 1915, and the production was ready in 1923. Together with the hydropower deliverer company Saudefaldene it was owned by Union Carbide. It was named "Electric Furnace Products Company" until 1976. Sauda Smelteverk was bought by Norwegian corporation Elkem in 1981 and French corporation Eramet in 1999.
The plant was the site of the Sauda Strike in 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="31025261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025261" title="Saxon Elbeland">
Saxon Elbeland

The Saxon Elbeland () is a term used in more recent times which describes a region along the Elbe, whose boundaries are not clearly defined, but which extends roughly from the Elbe Sandstone Mountains to Torgau. The best-known cities and town in this area are Dresden, Meißen, Riesa and Torgau. The term is largely synonymous with the region along the river known as the Upper Elbe ("Oberelbe"), i.e. the German section of the Elbe River nearest its source region.
The tourist association of the same name encompasses the city of Dresden, the northern part of the district of Sächsische Schweiz-Osterzgebirge including Freital and Tharandt, the district of Meißen including Nossen, Lommatzsch, Coswig, Radebeul, Weinböhla, Moritzburg, Riesa, Großenhain and Radeburg, the western part of Bautzen District including Radeberg and Ottendorf-Okrilla and a narrow, strip of land along the river including Torgau, Strehla and Belgern.
The landscape is home to one of the most northerly wine-growing areas in Europe. Here, Saxon wine is produced on the south-facing slopes on the right-hand bank of the Elbe near Dresden-Pillnitz and between Radebeul and the Elbe wine villages around Diesbar-Seußlitz. The vineyards produce just 1% of Germany's total volume of wine.
The Saxon Elbeland also forms the northern part of the Upper Elbe Valley - Eastern Ore Mountains ("Oberes Elbtal - Osterzgebirge") regional planning region. This incorporates the districts of Sächsische Schweiz, Meißen and Riesa-Großenhain. As a result the landscape is also an important part of the Elbe-Labe Euroregion
The philharmonic orchestra, the New Elbeland Philharmonia, is named after the region. 
External links.
"See also:"

</doc>
<doc id="31025285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025285" title="The Challenge (1938 film)">
The Challenge (1938 film)

The Challenge is a 1938 British drama film directed by Milton Rosmer and Luis Trenker and starring Robert Douglas and Luis Trenker. The film is about the first successful ascent of the Matterhorn in 1865 by Edward Whymper. The film is a remake of "Struggle for the Matterhorn" () in which Trenker acted in 1928.

</doc>
<doc id="31025296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025296" title="China–Ghana relations">
China–Ghana relations

Sino-Ghanaian relations refer to the current and historical relationship between the Republic of Ghana and the People's Republic of China (PRC).
History.
Relations between the two countries date back to 1960 when the countries first established diplomatic relations. Since then Ghana has provided substantial diplomatic support to the PRC with the PRC reciprocating with material support for Ghana's development. In the 1960s President Nkrumah lobbied for the PRC's reinstatement in the United Nations. Nkrumah also supported the PRC during the Sino-Indian War in 1962. After the Nkrumah regime was overthrown Beijing withdrew around 200 Chinese aid workers and embassy staff. In the early 1990s China built Ghana's National Theatre as a reward for Ghana's diplomatic support during the Tiananmen Square protests in 1989. After Kufuor was elected president of Ghana in 2001 the PRC gave Ghana a US$2.4 million grant to renovate the theatre.
Official visits.
The two countries have enjoyed a strong relationship since 1960 with high level official visits to China by then President Nkrumah and reciprocal visits to Ghana by Premier Zhou Enlai. In 2002 Ghana's President John Kufuor made a high level visited China and in 2003 China's President Hu Jintao visited Ghana. Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao visited Ghana on the second leg of his seven-nation tour of Africa in 2007.
In September 2010 Ghanaian President John Evans Atta Mills visited China on an official visit. China reciprocated with a visit in November 2011 by the Vice Chairman of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress of China Zhou Tienong who visited Ghana and met with Ghana's then Vice President John Dramani Mahama.
Economy.
Since the 2000s the volume of Chinese trade and investment in Ghana has increased greatly. An indication of the importance China attaches to its economic relationship with Ghana in the West African region was the decision to open the forth office of the China-Africa Development Fund in Accra. Opened in November 2011 the office in Ghana focuses on the West African region for the fund.
Economic assistance.
Premier Wen Jiabao's 2007 visit resulted in the signing of six agreements and a US$66 million Chinese loan to expand and upgrade Ghana's telecommunications network. Beijing provided a concessionary loan of US$30 million to support the first phase of a telecommunications project to link all ten regional capitals and 36 towns in Ghana with fiber optic cables.
Other Chinese aid projects include:
Sino-Ghanaian trade.
China is currently the second largest exporter to Ghana. In 2005 US$433.74 million worth of imports come into Ghana from China with Ghana exporting US$31.26 worth of exports. This reflects a sharp rise in two way trade between the two countries from $93.13 million in 2000 to $433.74 million in 2005. Most of China's foreign direct investment in Ghana is focused on manufacturing, construction, tourism, trading and services with total investments worth US$75.8 million in 2008. Of 283 projects that Chinese nationals and SOEs have investments in 97 are in manufacturing, 59 in trading, 48 in tourism, 44 in services and 15 in construction.
Security.
In April 2007 the CPPCC's Chairman, Jia Qinglin, granted a US$30 million concessional loan for the Dedicated Communications Project to foster closer military and security ties between the two countries. This included a grant of a US$7.5 million for the construction of an office complex for Ghana's Ministry of Defence.
Ghanaian Chinese.
Ghanaian Chinese are an ethnic group of Chinese diaspora in Ghana. The ancestors of ethnic Chinese migrants to Ghana were of Hong Kong origin. They began arriving in the late 1940s and early 1950s. In the late 1960s and early 1970s, some of the Hong Kong migrants began to bring their wives and children over to Ghana. Migrants from Shanghai also began to arrive round this time. With the economic reform and opening up in the PRC, migrants from mainland China began arriving. Migration from mainland China intensified in the 1990s; some came as employees, but most were independent traders running import-export businesses or restaurants. The sources of migration have also expanded; whereas earlier migrants came mostly from Hong Kong or Shanghai, later Chinese migrants have arrived from Guangdong and Henan as well as the Republic of China on Taiwan. As of 2009 there were an estimated 700,000 ethnic Chinese migrants that have settled in Ghana.

</doc>
<doc id="31025320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025320" title="Yacub Idrizov">
Yacub Idrizov

Yacub Idrizov (; born 10 November 1993) is a Bulgarian football player, currently playing for Vereya Stara Zagora as a midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="31025329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025329" title="Chano Urueta">
Chano Urueta

Chano Urueta (1904–1979) was a Mexican film director.

</doc>
<doc id="31025339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025339" title="The Moro Affair">
The Moro Affair

The Moro Affair () is a 1987 Italian crime film directed by Giuseppe Ferrara about the kidnapping of Aldo Moro in 1978. It was entered into the 37th Berlin International Film Festival, where Gian Maria Volonté won the Silver Bear for Best Actor.

</doc>
<doc id="31025350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025350" title="Tango with Me">
Tango with Me

Tango with Me is a Nigerian romantic drama film written by Femi Kayode, produced and directed by Mahmood Ali-Balogun and starring Genevieve Nnaji, Joseph Benjamin and Joke Silva. The film was nominated for 5 awards at the 7th Africa Movie Academy Awards.
Reception.
The film received positive to mixed reviews from critcs. NollywoodForever gave it 80% and wrote "Tango with Me is beautifully shot with a soundtrack to compliment. Joseph and Genny look good together and have an easy chemistry. I did find it somewhat slow in parts but the performances were passionate and heartfelt".

</doc>
<doc id="31025382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025382" title="El Destino (film)">
El Destino (film)

El Destino ("Destiny") is a 1928 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta on his debut.

</doc>
<doc id="31025389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025389" title="Damon R. Eubank">
Damon R. Eubank

Damon R. Eubank (born 1959) is an historian at Campbellsville University in Campbellsville, Kentucky, principally known for his study of the family of U.S. Senator John J. Crittenden, "In the Shadow of the Patriarch: The John J. Crittenden Family in War and Peace."
Background.
Eubank was born to Ralph Eubank of Vine Grove near Elizabethtown in Hardin County, Kentucky, and Elizabeth D. Eubank (1928–1992). Since his mother's death, his father remarried, and Eubank's stepmother is Louise Eubank.
In 1977, Eubank graduated from North Hardin High School in Radcliff in Hardin County. He then procured his Bachelor of Arts degree in 1981 from the then Campbellsville College, having studied under Professors Bobby Russell Himes (1931–2008) and William Edward Bennett (1943–2006) in history and political science, respectively. He then obtained his Master of Arts in College Teaching from Auburn University in Auburn, Alabama.
Eubank is a member of Campbellsville Baptist Church. He and his wife, the former Lori Jadwin, have two children, Lorin and Micah.
Scholarly pursuits.
In 1989, Eubank received his Ph.D. from Mississippi State University in Starkville, Mississippi. His dissertation from Mississippi State was published fifteen years later in 2004 as "Response of Kentucky to the Mexican War, 1846-1848." Earlier, in 1992, Eubank published an article based on the dissertation. This selection is entitled "A Time of Enthusiasm: The Response of Kentucky to the Call for Troops in the Mexican War".
In his work on Senator Crittenden, Eubank tells the family story from the contributions of the children of the patriarch. George B. Crittenden (Confederate) and Thomas Leonidas Crittenden (Union), held significant opposing commands during the American Civil War. Daughter Ann Mary Crittenden's domestic life, stable in the antebellum years, was in time shattered by the turmoil of war. Several other Crittinden siblings were leaders in their respective communities. The divisions of war were followed by the rapprochement and reunion of the family but after Crittenden's death. Most of Eubank's book focuses on the Civil War. The pressure to succeed, which the patriarch placed on his sons, seemed to have handicapped both men in their commands, Eubank concludes.
In 2009, corresponding with his book publication, Campbellsville University named Eubank its 17th recipient of its "Excellence in Teaching Award." Eubank has developed a new course on the Holocaust and plans to take a group of students to Poland. He is developing an ancient history course, with the expectation of field study in Italy and Greece. He is a member of the Southern Historical Association, the Society of Civil War Historians, the Kentucky Historical Association, and the Filson Club. He is a member of the Abraham Lincoln Bicentennial Committee and the Kentucky Bicentennial Committee. He serves as a book reviewer for "The Alabama Review: A Quarterly Journal of Alabama History," published by Auburn University, "West Virginia History: A Journal of Regional Studies", and "Louisiana History", published by the Louisiana Historical Association through the University of Louisiana at Lafayette.

</doc>
<doc id="31025390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025390" title="Madremyia">
Madremyia

Madremyia is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.

</doc>
<doc id="31025394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025394" title="Profanación">
Profanación

Profanación ("Desecration") is a 1933 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025398" title="Stade Louis Ganivet">
Stade Louis Ganivet

Stade Louis Ganivet is a multi-use stadium in Faaa, Tahiti, in French Polynesia. It is currently used mostly for football matches and hosts the home matches of AS Tefana of the Tahiti Division Fédérale. The stadium holds 5,000 spectators. 

</doc>
<doc id="31025402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025402" title="El Escándalo">
El Escándalo

El Escándalo ("The Scandal") is a 1934 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025405" title="Enemigos">
Enemigos

Enemigos ("Enemies") is a 1934 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025411" title="Giuseppe Ferrara">
Giuseppe Ferrara

Giuseppe Ferrara (born 15 July 1932) is an Italian film director and screenwriter. His 1987 film "The Moro Affair" was entered into the 37th Berlin International Film Festival, where Gian Maria Volonté won the Silver Bear for Best Actor. His 1995 film "State Secret" was entered into the 19th Moscow International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="31025412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025412" title="Una Mujer en venta">
Una Mujer en venta

Una Mujer en venta ("A Woman for Sale") is a 1934 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025414" title="Clemencia (film)">
Clemencia (film)

Clemencia ("Clemency") is a 1935 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025417" title="Thomas MacFarland Cherry">
Thomas MacFarland Cherry

Sir Thomas MacFarland (Tom) Cherry Sc.D., F.A.A., F.R.S. (1898–1966) was a noted Australian mathematician, serving as Professor of Mathematics (pure, mixed and applied) at the University of Melbourne from 1929 until his retirement in 1963.
Early years.
Tom was born in the Melbourne suburb of Glen Iris on 21 May 1898 and was educated at Scotch College where in 1914 he was dux, winning exhibitions in algebra, physics and chemistry in the public exams. He proceeded to Ormond College at the University of Melbourne where he studied mathematics, winning prizes and scholarships. After graduating, he enlisted in the A.I.F. in July 1918 and was posted to the Australian Flying Corps. Discharged in December 1918, he decided to commence studying medicine in 1919. However, his godfather Sir John MacFarland, a distinguished mathematician, physicist and the first master of Ormond College since 1881, offered him financial assistance to continue to study mathematics at Cambridge.
Britain.
Cherry spent the next decade in Britain, first at Trinity College where he was elected a Fellow (1924), then substituting for Professor Edward Arthur Milne at Manchester (1924-1925), and Professor Sir Charles Galton Darwin at Edinburgh (1927).
Australia.
He returned to Australia in 1929 to the chair of "pure and mixed mathematics" at the University of Melbourne. During the Second World War he worked on research into radar, explosives and operations research. In 1952 he reluctantly assumed the chair of applied mathematics, and from 1950 until his retirement in 1963 and death in 1966, his work in the advancement of the teaching of mathematics at all levels was acknowledged and rewarded by many prestigious bodies.
He was knighted in 1965.
Personal.
Cherry was a keen mountaineer, and was heavily involved in the Boy Scouts movement. While commissioner of Boy Scouts for Cambridge in 1924, he met Olive Ellen Wright, a Girl Guide commissioner. In 1931 he returned to England and married her on 24 January 1931 at Holy Trinity parish church in Cambridge.
He died of myocardial infarction on 21 November 1966 at Kew and was buried in Gisborne cemetery. He was survived by his wife and daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="31025418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025418" title="Jalisco nunca pierde">
Jalisco nunca pierde

Jalisco nunca pierde ("Jalisco Never Loses") is a 1937 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025422" title="Canción del alma">
Canción del alma

Canción del alma ("Soul Song") is a 1938 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025424" title="Hombres de mar">
Hombres de mar

Hombres de mar ("Seamen") is a 1938 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025426" title="María (1938 film)">
María (1938 film)

María is a 1938 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025448" title="Anton Karachanakov">
Anton Karachanakov

Anton Karachanakov (Bulgarian: Антон Карачанаков) (born 17 January 1992 in Novo Delchevo) is a Bulgarian footballer, who currently plays as a winger for CSKA Sofia.
Career.
Pirin Blagoevgrad.
Born in Novo Delchevo, near to Sandanski, Karachanakov progressed through Pirin Blagoevgrad's youth system, having joined the club at the age of 14 in 2006. 
He made his first team debut on 26 February 2011 in a 1–0 A PFG loss against Cherno More, coming on as a substitute for Anton Kostadinov. On 12 March, he scored his first goal in his first start, netting Pirin's only goal in their 2–1 loss against Litex Lovech.
Karachanakov finished the 2010–11 season with 16 appearances and four goals in all competitions, helping Pirin to secure their status in the top-flight of Bulgarian football league system. Finally, Pirin was relegated to fourth division, after the license necessary to play in the A PFG was denied by Bulgarian Football Federation.
CSKA Sofia.
On 18 June 2011, Karachanakov joined CSKA Sofia on a free transfer. He scored his first A PFG goal for CSKA on 22 March 2012, in the 4:0 home win over Loko Sofia. In October 2012, he sustained an injury during The Eternal Derby and and was ruled out until the end of the A PFG season. He made a full recovery in June 2013.
International career.
His first goal for the Bulgarian U21 squad came in his second match on 29 February 2012 as he scored the only goal in a 1–0 friendly win against Poland U21.

</doc>
<doc id="31025454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025454" title="Golden Swing">
Golden Swing

The Golden Swing is a series of four tennis tournaments that are part of the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) tour, held annually in Latin America. The four tournaments have been termed the ‘Golden Swing’ in honour of Chilean Olympic gold medalists Nicolas Massú and Fernando González. 
The series began in 2001, linking four tournaments in Latin America: Viña del Mar (Chile), Buenos Aires (Argentina), Costa do Sauípe (Brazil) and Acapulco (Mexico).
Since the series started in 2001, no player has won more than two titles in one year.
Tournaments.
In 2010, the Chile Open was moved from Viña del Mar to Santiago. However, the tournament returned to Viña de Mar only two years later.
In 2012, the Brasil Open was moved from Costa do Sauípe to São Paulo and transitioned from outdoors to indoors.
Starting in 2014, the Mexican Open switches from clay to hard courts, serving as a lead-up to the first ATP World Tour Masters 1000 event of the season in Indian Wells, United States.
Champions by year.
Win number out of total wins are shown in parentheses for players with more than one Golden Swing title since the series started in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="31025464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025464" title="Ore Mountain Basin">
Ore Mountain Basin

The Ore Mountain Basin or Erzgebirge Basin () is a natural region in the German federal state of Saxony, that is part of the Saxon Lowland. To the north it borders on the Mulde Loess Hills and to the south on several natural regions in the Saxon Highlands and Uplands. 
The basin is a structural depression running from northeast to southwest in the Ore Mountain peneplain that is filled with Devonian and Carboniferous sediments. The main communications from the Ore Mountains follow the valleys downhill and are collected by a major routeway to the north that follows this furrow and passes through the cities of Zwickau and Chemnitz.
According to current categorisation the Upper Pleißeland ("Obere Pleißeland"), immediately to the east of the towns of Werdau and Crimmitschau, is also counted as part of the basin.
The Ore Mountain Basin is an important centre of population in Saxony and a historically important industrial region, not least because of the Zwickau Field which contained most of East Germany's very minor reserves of coal and included the biggest
former hard coal mining region in Saxony.

</doc>
<doc id="31025466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025466" title="Fluxion (electronic musician)">
Fluxion (electronic musician)

"Fluxion is a pseudonym of Konstantinos Soublis"' (born 1973), a Greek electronic musician.
Background.
K. Soublis music includes different genres of electronic music, ambient, dub, experimental, techno, with sound design. 
His music has a characteristic of slowly evolving parts and contemplating elements which form lengthy musical pieces.
His sounds are heavily processed to a point where the origin of a sound has little to do with the end result.
As Fluxion, he released Ep's, Lp's, and full length albums, for labels such as, Chain Reaction (a subsidiary of Basic Channel), Resopal Schallware, Echocord.
He created Vibrant Music in 1999, releasing his own music, but also from other artists.
Early life.
Born in Athens Greece, he studied music technology in the U.K. between 1993–96, where he came in touch with the processing
of sounds and the electronic music of John Cage, Philip Glass as well as futurism and music concrete.
"Through 2001, K. Soublis continually refined and pared down his sound, but one can find a newfound buoyancy and a reduction of shadowy textures".
Discography.
Fluxion Discography (album/LP)

</doc>
<doc id="31025468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025468" title="People's Commissariat of Mortar Armament of the USSR">
People's Commissariat of Mortar Armament of the USSR

The People’s Commissariat of Mortar Armament of the USSR ("Народный комиссариат миномётного вооружения СССР") was one of the central offices in the Soviet Union, the equivalent of a Ministry, which oversaw the production of mortar weapons.
It was created on November 26, 1941 as the People's Commissariat of General Machine-Building Industry of the USSR ("Наркомат общего машиностроения СССР"). On February 17, 1946 it became the People's Commissariat of Machine Industry and Tooling of the USSR ("Наркомат машиностроения и приборостроения СССР").
Headquarters.
The headquarters were in the Chludov building in Moscow at Teatralniy Proezd ("Театральный проезд"). The phone book does not indicate the address of the Ministry.

</doc>
<doc id="31025475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025475" title="Mi candidato">
Mi candidato

Mi candidato ("My Candidate") is a 1938 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025478" title="Dadara">
Dadara

Dadara or Daniel Rozenberg (born 8 February 1969) is a Dutch artist known for his flyers, paintings, album covers, statues and performance artwork.
Biography.
After finishing high school in 1986, Dadara briefly studied mechanical engineering at the Delft University of Technology, after which
he studied at the Free Academy Psychopolis in The Hague, the Academy of Industrial Design in Eindhoven, and the Academy of Visual Design in Genk (Belgium), before graduating from the Willem de Kooning Academy in Rotterdam in 1992. 
After completing studies, Dadara started designing flyers, live-paintings and record covers for the then upcoming international electronic house music scene. This included work for the RoXY club in Amsterdam, Outland Records, and the Mystery Land festival. The public recognition gained through this underground exposure led his paintings to be noticed by the Reflex Modern Art Gallery in Amsterdam, where till today he had ten solo-exhibitions, as well as exhibitions in Paris, Berlin, Stuttgart, Miami and New York.
Commissions include baby-shaped loudspeakers for B&W, an Absolut Vodka ad, a Greenpeace campaign, invited artist for Expo 2000 in Hannover, and a 70 meters long mural for Leiden University in the Netherlands.
In the past 10 years, Dadara mainly focused on both large interactive art projects and making paintings. The common thread throughout most of these works is that they provide a commentary on contemporary society. Topics include on one hand governmental control, lack of transparency, privacy issues, and regulations, and on the other hand value creation, money, and dreams.
Projects.
Grey man.
In 1999 Dadara built his first big public sculpture: the 9 meters high Greyman Statue of No Liberty in front of the Rijksmuseum in Amsterdam. This marked the beginning of the production and design of more big public pieces, which over time became more interactive, combining theatrical aspects with the use of multi-media.
Fools ark.
In 2002 Dadara built a wooden threemaster, the Fools Ark, which was built during the Over het IJ festival in the old Amsterdam NDSM shipyards, then was used as mainstage for Mystery Land, before crossing the Atlantic Ocean to be burned at the Burning Man festival in Nevada. After its burn the Fools Ark rose like a Phoenix from its ashes to be burnt again on the island of Terschelling during the Oerol festival ('continuing its journey through the clouds, granting wishes and desires to all aboard...').
Footage of the Fools Ark and next year's Grey man project was intertwined into an audio-visual journey through forgotten worlds to tell the tale behind the project, resulting in the part documentary/ part animated movie “Fall and Rise of the Fools Ark”.
The music on the DVD Fall and Rise of the Fools ark was composed by Lamb.
Love, Peace, and Terror tank.
In 2007 a big pink tank was built on a rooftop in the center of Amsterdam as part of the Love, Peace and Terror project, which was later blown to pieces with explosives in an act of aesthetic visual terrorism.
Checkpoint Dreamyourtopia.
During his artist in residence period at CentralTrak in Dallas 2008-2009, Texas, Dadara worked on Checkpoint Dreamyourtopia, a border control checkpoint to enter your own Dreams, which could be experienced in Nevada and Texas before crossing borders itself, after which it was resurrected at the Lowlands Festival and destroyed in Berlin in an old swimming pool, where the walls between dreams and reality were smashed with chainsaws and sledgehammers twenty years after the Berlin Wall came crumbling down.
Exchanghibition Bank and Pool of Plenty.
In 2010, Dadara started working on the Pool of Plenty project: a pool filled with millions of money bills, bundled in stacks. A closer look at the pool will reveal that the bills in the pool are not real money, but pieces of aesthetically pleasing art. The pool will be protected by security guards so not one of the bills can be removed. Visitors who do want a bill though, can buy or rather exchange one at a bank initiated by Dadara - the Exchanghibition bank. This bank will take form as a traveling exchange booth. Amsterdam Central Station and Paradiso are two of the pop-up locations. The project links to a dedicated blog about the value of art and money.
September 2011 the Exchanghibition Bank travelled to the Burning Man festival in the Nevada desert, based on a gift economy, where money doesn't exist, and gifted people a zero banknote in exchange for the signing of a Spiritual Karma Laundering Contract.

</doc>
<doc id="31025481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025481" title="La Noche de los Mayas">
La Noche de los Mayas

La Noche de los Mayas (Meaning in English: ""The Night of the Mayas"") is a 1939 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta. The film, which is called a "Mexican tragedy" set in the times of the Mayas, is remembered today for its musical score by the Mexican composer Silvestre Revueltas; a suite from the score was recorded by the Orquesta Sinfónica de Jalapa, conducted by Luis Herrera de la Fuente, and released by Catalyst Records in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="31025486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025486" title="¡Que viene mi marido!">
¡Que viene mi marido!

¡Que viene mi marido! ("That's My Husband!") is a 1940 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025489" title="Los de abajo (film)">
Los de abajo (film)

Los de abajo ("The Underdogs") is a 1940 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025494" title="La Liga de las canciones">
La Liga de las canciones

La Liga de las canciones ("The League of Songs") is a 1941 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025498" title="El Conde de Montecristo (film)">
El Conde de Montecristo (film)

El Conde de Montecristo ("The Count of Monte Cristo") is a 1942 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025503" title="Ave sin nido">
Ave sin nido

Ave sin nido is a 1943 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025505" title="El Misterioso señor Marquina">
El Misterioso señor Marquina

El Misterioso señor Marquina ("The Mysterious Mr. Marquina") is a 1943 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025507" title="Guadalajara (film)">
Guadalajara (film)

Guadalajara is a 1943 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025512" title="No matarás">
No matarás

No matarás ("Do Not Kill") is a 1943 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025514" title="El Camino de los gatos">
El Camino de los gatos

El Camino de los gatos ("The Road of the Cats") is a 1944 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025516" title="Very Mary-Kate">
Very Mary-Kate

Very Mary-Kate Is a web series written/created by Elaine Carroll and directed by Sam Reich. The series consists of 71 episodes, as of January 17, 2013. Each episode runs for approximately 1–4 minutes, featuring comedienne Elaine Carroll as Mary-Kate Olsen. The series was originally produced out-of-pocket, but was picked up for its second season by CollegeHumor, allowing Carroll to “pay for lunch for people.”
The series premiered January 10, 2010 on Vimeo. The current (fourth) season debuted January 17, 2013 on CollegeHumor and VeryMaryKate.com.
According to an interview with The @rcade, Carroll originally
used an impression of the Olsen twins during an audition for Saturday Night Live. Carroll
indicates that, "It went over really well," but "obviously I didn't get on the show." She continued
to do the impression, and decided to expand it into a series to put on the internet.
In other interviews, Carroll states that she had been doing the Olsen twin impression for about two years before making a short video called “The Olsen Twin Minute” that “featured Mary-Kate and Ashley in a talk show.” The experience led Carroll to realize she wanted to do more with the twin impression and “started trying to visualize what life is like for them. They’re rich and famous, but also kind of mysterious and private, which leaves a ton of room for the imagination.” Taking facts she already knew, such as Olsen’s use of a bodyguard and taking classes at NYU, Carroll crafted a web series that “started filling in the blanks.” 
Utilizing various social media tools, “Very Mary-Kate” has maintained a steady internet presence since its inception. The web series has a Facebook page, with information and videos, as well as a Facebook application that users can allow to post videos and information about the show on their personal profiles. VMK characters can also be found tweeting regularly on Twitter. The @VeryMaryKate Twitter account has been running since April 2009 and “provides no shortage of great one-liners and increases the show’s social networking component.” The show also maintains a YouTube profile, but all videos and information premiere first on CollegeHumor, along with site exclusives and videos that cannot be shown on YouTube.
Plot.
“Very Mary-Kate” is the “unofficial biography of everyone’s favorite Olsen twin,” Mary-Kate Olsen. Carroll’s portrayal of Olsen takes several well-known facts of Mary-Kate Olsen’s life (such as attending NYU and picking up occasional acting jobs) and “expands on them, creating a character who’s a weak-yet-demanding kitten obsessed with calories, abusing her bodyguard and getting her hands on the good drugs.” The series follows the adventures of Carroll’s Mary-Kate Olsen including daily routines, classes at NYU, religious experiences, major life decisions (moving out from an apartment shared with twin sister Ashley Olsen, deciding to have a baby, and more) and general troublesome situations in which Mary-Kate seems to find herself (for instance, Trip to Las Vegas: Parts 1-4). Mary-Kate often indulges in smoothies and power drinks that are infused with some variety of a psycho-pharmaceutical adulterant such as Mango Klonopin smoothies, Celexa Mimosas and Paxil-Paxil Protein Shakes.
Reception & Reviews.
"Very Mary-Kate" has received positive reviews. It currently has over 10,504,164 upload views on YouTube as of March 2013, along with over 77,523 channel subscribers. The series has also amassed a following
on Facebook, with over 32,700 "likes." The @VeryMaryKate Twitter account has just over 49,100 followers as
of March 2013. "Very Mary-Kate" has
inspired a variety of fan tributes, including Halloween costumes and a variety of images portraying fans posing
in the limp-wristed, hunched posture of Carroll's Mary-Kate Olsen, making the signature
facial expression, posted to the Very Mary-Kate Facebook page.
The @rcade states that, "Elaine has brought one of the funniest and best web-series to the
internet. Her performance as the rich teen princess and her rich teen princess twin sister is
flawless, (flawless in the sense that we've never met the Olsen twins but we've always
assumed that they acted just as Elaine portrays them). Less than two minutes in length, each
episode is guaranteed to have you laughing within the first 12 seconds (how exact!) and
you will no doubt be hooked as we were and will certainly need to check out more of her
stuff."
Liz Shannon Miller of GigaOM writes, "Suffice it to say that the Valley-girl-transplanted-
to-SoHo portrayal is thus incredibly harsh, but unless you’re actually Mary-Kate Olsen, I
defy you not to laugh. Production values are low and the sound quality is less than impressive,
but the informal nature of the videos work, and the tightly-paced episodes fit a whole lot of
painfully funny jokes into just one minute. The exchanges between her and her bodyguard
are especially funny thanks to his defeated nature — the pair make for a truly engaging odd
couple."
References.
12. http://thedailywh.at/2011/11/22/exclusive-news-of-the-day Article on upcoming third season. 11/24/2011

</doc>
<doc id="31025532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025532" title="Bill Nolan">
Bill Nolan

Bill Nolan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31025536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025536" title="El corsario negro">
El corsario negro

El corsario negro ("The Black Corsair") is a 1944 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta and stars Pedro Armendariz.

</doc>
<doc id="31025539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025539" title="Camino de Sacramento">
Camino de Sacramento

Camino de Sacramento ("Road of Sacramento") is a 1945 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025540" title="El Recuerdo de aquella noche">
El Recuerdo de aquella noche

El Recuerdo de aquella noche ("Remembering That Night") is a 1945 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025546" title="El Superhombre">
El Superhombre

El Superhombre ("The Superman") is a 1946 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025548" title="La Noche y tú">
La Noche y tú

La Noche y tú ("The Night and You") is a 1946 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025549" title="United Nations Security Council Resolution 1969">
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1969

United Nations Security Council Resolution 1969 was adopted unanimously on February 24, 2011; after reaffirming resolutions 1599 (2005), 1677 (2006), 1690 (2006), 1703 (2006), 1704 (2006), 1745 (2007), 1802 (2008), 1867 (2009) and 1912 (2010) on the situation in East Timor (Timor-Leste), the Council decided to extend the mandate of the United Nations Integrated Mission in Timor-Leste (UNMIT) for a year, until February 26, 2012.
Observations.
In the preamble of the resolution, the Council noted improvements in the political and security situation in East Timor and urged continued efforts in this regard. It reaffirmed the importance of an independent judiciary and to act against impunity. There was progress with the policing responsibilities of the National Police of East Timor (PNTL), an improved justice system and anti-corruption measures undertaken by the government. 
Furthermore, the Council praised the Timorese government for achieving strong economic growth and socio-economic development, but noted that the country still needs to address the reasons behind the crisis in 2006.
Acts.
The Security Council extended the mandate of UNMIT at its current levels of 1,520 uniformed personnel, 1,480 police and 1,200 civilian staff until February 26, 2012 and urged all Timorese parties to engage in political dialogue to consolidate democracy and social and economic development. UNMIT was requested to assist in preparations for the 2012 presidential and parliamentary elections. Meanwhile, the government was called upon to address reform of the security sector, including the PNTL. 
The resolution endorsed the reconfiguration of UNMIT, taking into account the changing situation in East Timor and the plan for its drawdown. UMIT was asked to continue to provide law enforcement until the PNTL would assume its full responsibilities. Furthermore, the UNMIT operation was required to provide assistance in the field of human rights, reform of the judiciary and donor co-operation, while the government was asked to strengthen peacebuilding initiatives. 
Finally, the Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon was instructed to monitor the situation in East Timor and report to the Council on progress made.

</doc>
<doc id="31025551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025551" title="Mujer (film)">
Mujer (film)

Mujer ("Woman") is a 1947 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025557" title="De pecado en pecado">
De pecado en pecado

De pecado en pecado ("From Sin to Sin") is a 1948 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025589" title="El deseo (1948 film)">
El deseo (1948 film)

El deseo ("The Desire") is a 1948 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025592" title="En los altos de Jalisco">
En los altos de Jalisco

En los altos de Jalisco ("In the Highlands of Jalisco") is a 1948 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025593" title="Marcus Kann">
Marcus Kann

Kann and Horatio Caro jointly analysed and published their analysis of the chess opening later to-be-called Caro-Kann Defence, (1.e4 c6) in the German "Bruederschaft" magazine in 1886. 
During the 4th German Chess Congress in Hamburg in May 1885, Kann defeated German-British chess champion Jacques Mieses with the Caro-Kann Defence (ECO B12) in just 17 moves. This game by Kann was added to the final tournament book, but his games from the main tournament, where he earned four points from seven games, failing to qualify to win his group, remain unpublished. 
The magazine "Deutsche Schachzeitung" (1886, p. 128) published a short obituary after his death.

</doc>
<doc id="31025595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025595" title="La Carne manda">
La Carne manda

La Carne manda ("The Meat Orders") is a 1948 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025606" title="La Feria de Jalisco">
La Feria de Jalisco

La Feria de Jalisco ("The Fair of Jalisco") is a 1948 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025607" title="La Norteña de mis amores">
La Norteña de mis amores

La Norteña de mis amores ("The Northerner of My Love") is a 1948 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025609" title="La Santa del barrio">
La Santa del barrio

La Santa del barrio ("The Saint of the Neighbourhood") is a 1948 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025611" title="Se la llevó el Remington">
Se la llevó el Remington

Se la llevó el Remington ("He Took the Remington") is a 1948 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025613" title="Dos almas en el mundo">
Dos almas en el mundo

Dos almas en el mundo ("Two Souls in the World") is a 1949 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025619" title="Filipowicz">
Filipowicz

Filipowicz is a Polish surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31025622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025622" title="El Abandonado">
El Abandonado

El Abandonado ("The Abandoned") is a 1949 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025623" title="El Gran campeón">
El Gran campeón

El Gran campeón ("The Grand Champion") is a 1949 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025624" title="No me quieras tanto...">
No me quieras tanto...

No me quieras tanto... ("I Do Not Want Both...") is a 1949 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025625" title="Jupiter and Semele">
Jupiter and Semele

Jupiter et Semele (1894-95; English, "Jupiter and Semele") is a painting by the French Symbolist artist Gustave Moreau (1826-1898). It depicts a moment from the classical myth of the mortal woman Semele, mother of the god Dionysus, and her lover, Jupiter, the king of the gods. She was treacherously advised by the goddess Juno, Jupiter’s wife, to ask him to appear to her in all his divine splendor. He obliged, but, in so doing, brought about her violent death by his divine thunder and lightning. The painting is a representation of “divinized physical love” and the overpowering experience that consumes Semele as the god appears in his supreme beauty has been called “quite simply the most sumptuous expression imaginable of an orgasm”. 
Of this work, Moreau himself wrote, “Semele, penetrated by the divine effluence, regenerated and purified by this consecration, dies struck by lightning and with her dies the genius of terrestrial love, the genius with the goat hooves”.
Description.
Moreau described his canvas thus: “In the midst of colossal aerial buildings, with neither foundations nor roof-tops, covered with teeming, quivering vegetation, this sacred flora standing out against the dark blues of the starry vaults and the deserts of the sky, the God so often invoked appears in his still veiled splendor.”
Moreau’s work depicts an intricate, intense, and startling mystical world, haunting and heavily laden with symbolic imagery. Its iconography is drawn from the ancient myth, from Symbolist writings and from his own personal interpretations, which are deliberately meant to be mysterious and ambiguous. Jupiter is represented conventionally, seated “in Majesty” with the hapless and bloodied Semele astride his right thigh. His gaze is severe, wide-eyed and fixed straight ahead in fierce prepossession. His throne and surrounding court, however, present an unorthodox and extravagant profusion of architectural and vegetal elements which — while depicted in fine, realistic, even jewel-like black, detail — give the overall impression of a dream-like fantasy world. Everywhere a profusion of vivid colors vies with dark shadows for prominence. Countless teaming gods, goddesses and allegorical figures seem to exist at different scales, independent of, and oblivious to, one another. The eye must accommodate bizarre shifts in proportion as it ranges across the canvas. Among the figures are three immediately at the feet of Jupiter: a figure of "Sadness" (cradling a bloodied sword), a Great Pan, and a female “Death” holding aloft a white lily. (Moreau: “At the foot of the throne, Death and Sorrow form the tragic basis of Human Life, and not far from them, under the aegis of the eagle of Jupiter, the great Pan, symbol of Earth, bows his sorrowful brow, mourning his slavery and exile, while at his feet is piled the somber phalanx of the monsters of Erebus and Night….”) Jupiter's right foot rests on snake biting its own tail. A frightful Hecate, with her "polos" and crescent moon, appears in the lower left corner. Among the other figures are a three-headed demon and several winged, angelic figures.
Reception and interpretation.
The French writer and painter Malcolm de Chazal (1902-1981) called the central image of "Jupiter and Semele" “this birth-death in one”. The Swedish surrealist Ragnar von Holten (1934-2009) described the work as “an allegory of regeneration by death”. 
The theme of Jupiter and Semele has also been interpreted by the painters Jacopo Tintoretto ("ca." 1545) and Jean-Baptiste Deshays de Colleville ("ca." 1760).

</doc>
<doc id="31025628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025628" title="Čaroban">
Čaroban

"Čaroban" (; Serbian Cyrillic: Чаробан; ) is a song sung by Nina and composed by Kristina Kovač, and it was the Serbian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2011, held in Düsseldorf, Germany in May 2011. The song placed in the top 10 in the first semi final of Eurovision, and was performed as the 24th song in the Grand Final on 14 May. It came 14th with 85 points
The song won the Serbian pre-selection Pesma za Evropu on 26 February 2011 with 14900 votes (59.74%) of the final televote.

</doc>
<doc id="31025629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025629" title="Rayito de luna">
Rayito de luna

Rayito de luna ("Ray of Moonlight") is a 1949 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025645" title="Francisco Cárdenas Martínez">
Francisco Cárdenas Martínez

Francisco Cárdenas Martínez also known as Pancho Cárdenas is a Mexican artist. He was born in Iztapalapa, east of Mexico City.
He is noted for his statue of Pope John Paul II with Our Lady of Guadalupe, made entirely with keys donated by Mexicans to symbolize that they had given him the keys to their hearts. His other works include the mural that surrounds the garden in Iztapalapa, depicting the history and the origin of the Mexican people.

</doc>
<doc id="31025647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025647" title="Ventarrón (film)">
Ventarrón (film)

Ventarrón ("Gale") is a 1949 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025655" title="Yo maté a Juan Charrasqueado">
Yo maté a Juan Charrasqueado

Yo maté a Juan Charrasqueado ("I Killed Juan Charrasqueado") is a 1949 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025660" title="Al son del mambo">
Al son del mambo

Al son del mambo () is a 1950 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
External links.
Credits

</doc>
<doc id="31025663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025663" title="El Desalmado">
El Desalmado

El Desalmado ("The Soulless") is a 1950 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025664" title="La Gota de sangre">
La Gota de sangre

La Gota de sangre ("The Drop of Blood") is a 1950 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025665" title="Mi preferida">
Mi preferida

Mi preferida ("My Favourite") is a 1950 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025667" title="Del can-can al mambo">
Del can-can al mambo

Del can-can al mambo ("From Can-Can to Mambo") is a 1951 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025671" title="La Estatua de carne">
La Estatua de carne

La Estatua de carne ("The Statue of Meat") is a 1951 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025675" title="Sir John Schroder, 1st Baronet">
Sir John Schroder, 1st Baronet

Sir John Henry William Schroder, 1st Baronet and Baron Schroder (13 February 1825-20 April 1910) was an Anglo-German merchant banker, his firm being Schroders PLC. He was known as "Baron Sir John Henry Schroder."
Schroder was born "Johann Heinrich Wilhelm Schroder" in Hamburg, Germany, the fourth of twelve children of Baron Schroder (in the Prussian nobility) and Henriette von Schwartz. Both his parents were born into prominent Hamburg merchant families.
In 1814, at the age of sixteen, Sir John joined the London office of the banking house founded by his father.
He later moved to England and was created a Baronet "of The Dell", in the Baronetcy of the United Kingdom. The title became extinct upon his death.

</doc>
<doc id="31025681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025681" title="Manos de seda">
Manos de seda

Manos de seda ("Hands of Silk") is a 1951 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025682" title="Peregrina (film)">
Peregrina (film)

Peregrina ("Pilgrim") is a 1951 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025684" title="Russian cruiser Bogatyr">
Russian cruiser Bogatyr

Bogatyr () was the lead ship of the "Bogatyr"-class of four protected cruisers built for the Imperial Russian Navy. Her name can be translated to mean “Hercules”.
Background.
After the completion of the , the Russian Navy issued requirements for three large protected cruisers to three separate companies: The was ordered to William Cramp and Sons in Philadelphia, United States, the was ordered to Krupp-Germaniawerft in Kiel, Germany, and the "Bogatyr" to Vulcan Stettin, also in Germany. Although "Askold" was the fastest cruiser in the Russian fleet at the time of its commissioning, the "Bogatyr" was selected for further development into a new class of ships.
Operational History.
"Botagyr" was laid down at the AG Vulcan Stettin shipyards in Stettin, Germany on December 22, 1899, launched on January 30, 1901 and commissioned on August 20, 1902. She initially entered service with the Russian Baltic Fleet.
During the Russo-Japanese War.
At the start of the Russo-Japanese War of 1904-1905, "Bogatyr" was stationed at Vladivostok with the Russian Pacific Fleet’s cruiser squadron under the overall command of Rear Admiral Karl Jessen. This squadron operated in the Sea of Japan and in waters near the Japanese home islands for commerce raiding and reconnaissance. During the first months of the war, the squadron made a number of sorties against Japanese shipping, but only one was reasonably successful when the "Hitachi Maru", carrying eighteen siege howitzers and over 1000 troops intended for the siege of Port Arthur, was sunk in June 1904. In response, the Imperial Japanese Navy assigned Vice Admiral Kamimura Hikonojō with a squadron of eight cruisers to pursue and destroy the Russian squadron.
However, on May 15, 1904, "Bogatyr" struck a rock in Amur Bay, and was so badly damaged that she could not be adequately repaired for the remainder of the war, and largely remained docked at Vladivostok.
After the end of the war, "Bogatyr" was repaired, and reassigned to the Russian Baltic Fleet. "Bogatyr" was deployed in the Mediterranean when a large earthquake struck Sicily on December 28, 1908. Together with the , , and , "Bogatyr" assisted is rescue efforts at Messina. Some crewmen were killed by aftershocks while attempting to rescue people from the rubble. In 1912, "Bogatyr" underwent a complete refit and modernization program at Kronstadt.
World War I service.
At the start of World War I, "Bogatyr" was part of the Russian 1st Cruiser Brigade in the Baltic Sea. On August 26, 1914, together with , she captured the German light cruiser "SMS Magdeburg" off of Osmussaar on the north coast of Estonia. The German crew scuttled their ship to avoid capture, but the German captain, Lieutenant-Commander Habenicht was captured by the Russians, together with the German code book. For the remainder of the year and early into 1915, "Bogatyr" covered minelaying operations in the Baltic, as well as laying mines herself. Mines laid by "Bogatyr" are credited with sinking the German light cruiser "SMS Augsburg" off of Bornholm.
On July 2, 1915, "Bogatyr" participated in the Battle of Åland Islands during which she drove the German light cruiser onto the beach. In late 1915, she was refit and repaired in Krondstat, and her main armament was upgraded to 130 mm/55 B7 Pattern 1913 guns. Through 1916, she mostly operated in the Baltic, off the coasts of Finland and Sweden, to interdict German convoys.
Following the November Revolution, the crew of "Bogatyr" declared for the Bolshevik cause, and the ship joined the Red Navy. After the armistice with Germany in December 1917, "Bogatyr" was demobilized at Helsinki. The Treaty of Brest-Litovsk required the Soviets to evacuate their base at Helsinki in March 1918 or have them interned by newly independent Finland even though the Gulf of Finland was still frozen over. "Bogatyr" sailed to Kronstadt in what became known as the 'Ice Voyage' . and was placed into reserve shortly after her arrival.
In 1922, as with many ships of the former Imperial Russian Navy, "Bogatyr" was scrapped in Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="31025689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025689" title="1895 Wimbledon Championships – Ladies' Singles">
1895 Wimbledon Championships – Ladies' Singles

Charlotte Cooper defeated Helen Jackson 7–5, 8–6 in the All Comers' Final, and then defeated the reigning champion Blanche Hillyard (née Bingley) by a walkover in the Challenge Round to win the Ladies' Singles tennis title at the 1895 Wimbledon Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="31025699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025699" title="Serenata en Acapulco">
Serenata en Acapulco

Serenata en Acapulco ("Serenade in Acapulco") is a 1951 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025702" title="El Cuarto cerrado">
El Cuarto cerrado

El Cuarto cerrado ("The locked room") is a 1952 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025705" title="Medard Mulangala">
Medard Mulangala

Médard Mulangala Lwakabwanga (commonly known as Medard Mulangala; born 17 January 1957) is a politician from the Democratic Republic of the Congo. He is President of the Union for a Republican Majority and a leader of the Union Sacree pour l’Alternance, an umbrella grouping of opposition parliamentary parties and community groups that forms the third-largest political structure within the opposition and Rapporteur of the National Assembly’s Committee on Economics and Finance, making him the opposition’s lead spokesman on budgetary, economic and investment policy in the Republic.
A renowned political commentator on the affairs of DRC, the Great Lakes of Africa and the African continent, Mulangala was widely seen as a leading candidate for President of the Democratic Republic of Congo in the presidential elections of 2011 as a unity figure able to bring together the disparate parliamentary and nationwide opposition.
Biography.
Early life.
Mulangala was born on 17 January 1957 in Kananga, capital of Western Kasaï Province of Belgian Congo to François Lwakabwanga Mukungishi and Thérèse Shaumba wa Shaumba, the fourth of seven children.
Mulangala’s father was politically active and was one of the founders of Lulua Frères the leading socio-political movement in western Kasaï before Independence. As a leader of Lulua Frères he was a delegate to the Round Table of 1960 held in Brussels during which Independence from Belgium was negotiated. Following Independence, Mulangala’s father was elected as a provincial MP of Western Kasai and then three times as Governor of Western Kasaï, and from 1966 – 1969 he served as the Governor of Bandundu, Kivu and Bas Congo provinces. After growing disenchanted with Mobutu regime he became a leading figure in the founding of the Union pour la Démocratie et le Progrès social (UDPS), an opposition movement to Mobutu formerly launched in February 1982. He is now retired from politics.
Much of Mulangala’s early life was spent away from his parents with much of his informative years spent in Belgium. He did, however, return each summer to his family in DRC to the various provinces where his father was assigned, and later, to Kinshasa after his family’s relocation there in 1970.
Education.
Mulangala started primary school in 1963 at the Institut Saint Dominique Savio in Mikalayi (Western Kasaï) and completed this stage of his education at Collège Saint Joseph in Mouscron, Belgium. His secondary education was begun and completed at Collège Saint Henri in Comines, a catholic boarding school in Belgium.
In 1979 Mulangala received a BA Hons in Business & Finance from the Institut Catholique des Hautes Etudes Commerciales (ICHEC) in Brussels, Belgium.
In 1996, Mulangala attended the College of Petroleum and Energy Studies, part of the Oxford-Princetown Programme, in Oxford, England.
Political career.
In 1990, as calls for democratic reforms in the then Zaire became unstoppable, President Mobutu Sese Seko began to bow to the calls from the international community and the opposition to widen his government and initiate moves towards multiparty democracy.
1990 Mobutu began to open his government to groups and individuals other than his own supporters and Mulangala joined the Government. In that year, Mulangala then a senior corporate banker in the region and because of his family and political roots in the important business and mining province of Western Kasaï was appointed to the reformist Government of Prime Minister Lunda Bululu, initially as Minister of Mining and Energy. Between 1990 and 1992 he held various ministerial positions in the reformist transition government including Minister for Petroleum, Minister for Land and Mines, and Minister for Industry and SME development. Mulangala remained in the Cabinet until the election of Étienne Tshisekedi wa Mulumba as Prime Minister in September 1992.
Mulangala remained in the country during Kabila’s seizure of power at the end of the First Congo War hoping the change of regime would bring about the badly needed reforms that Congolese had been waiting for. However, he quickly became disillusioned as corruption and political repression grew in the years after 1997. In 1998, Mulangala became a member of the executive of the Congolese Rally for Democracy (RCD), a group in opposition to Kabila’s continuing leadership of the country.
In disagreement with RCD’s strategy of direct action against the Government, Mulangala later resigned from the executive and the organisation, and became in 2000 a founder member of FRUONAR (The United Opposition Front for Non-Armed Struggle) and its representative in Europe.
Mulangala was an active figure (he chaired the working group responsible for drafting the resolution on the sensitive nationality issue)at the Accord Global et Inclusif of 2002 in Pretoria (peace talks between warring factions, non armed opposition and civil society) organised under the umbrella of South Africa that that put an end to what is generally recalled as the African first world war and paved the way for a power sharing agreement implemented in 2003. He was designated MP to the Transitional Parliament as a representative of the non-armed political opposition. In this transitional government, he served as the Rapporteur of the Reconstruction and Development Committee.
In 2005, as Presidential and Parliamentary elections loomed, Mulangala founded the political party UMR (Union pour la Majorité Républicaine) and became the party’s President and its candidate for the constituency of Demba in Western Kasai Province. The 2006 election saw Mulangala elected to the National Assembly and five other candidates returned for the party. 
During the second round of the Presidential poll of that year, the UMR and many other opposition groups supported the candidacy of Jean-Pierre Bemba against the eventual victor and incumbent President, Joseph Kabila.
Following his election at the 2006 polls, Mulangala was in 2007 appointed as Rapporteur to the Economics and Finance Committee of the National Assembly, making him the lead opposition spokesperson on budgetary and economic policy, including policy towards foreign direct investment.
Mulangala founded the UK-DRC All Parliamentary Friendship Group in 2004, and has led important election observation missions on behalf of the DRC or as a member of Africa Union’s team including to the United Kingdom’s 2005 General Election and to the post-conflict General Elections in Liberia in 2005 and Sierra Leone in 2007.
Presidential and Parliamentary elections 2011.
In 2010 Mulangala was one of the driving forces behind the move to unite a series of parliamentary opposition and community groups under a single banner in advance of the 2011 Presidential and Parliamentary elections. This umbrella body, from September 2010 began to work in the National Assembly and organize across the country as a single unit and is called Union Sacree pour L’Alternance (Sacred Union for Change).
In this organization he has been joined by other prominent opposition figures including former RCD leader Ernest Wamba dia Wamba, Eugène Diomi Ndongala, Ne Mwanda Nsemi, Christian Badibangi, Lisanga Jean Pierre, and former President of the National Assembly, Anzuluni Bembe. 
Union Sacree pour L’Alternance is expected to agree a single, united candidate to contest the 2011 Presidential poll.
Mulangala announced the launch of the new group internationally in an article in the US news outlet Huffington Post in September 2010.
Mulangala has been a key figure amongst both the opposition and in the international media in protesting against the planned changes to the electoral system in DRC for both parliamentary and Presidential polls. Under a change of law initiated by President Kabila, the proportional voting system for elections to the National Assembly will be replaced for the 2011 poll by a first-past-the-post system and the Presidential poll will be conducted in a single round, rather than the current two-round contest. 
In an article in the UK’s "Prospect Magazine" in January 2011, Mulangala stated that”Kabila’s reforms threaten to weaken consensus politics in the DRC. After ten years of civil war and a further ten of brittle peace, consensus is crucial and minorities must never be allowed to wield power over the majority”. He also used the article to confirm that the opposition had, however, secured seats in a newly constituted electoral commission to oversee the elections, and that “the importance of a balanced electoral commission cannot be overstated: it was just such a body that finally called the election for opposition leader Ouattara in Cote d’Ivoire”.
During a visit to London in May 2011 Mulangala was invited to address the Institute of Economic Affairs on the future of the Mining and Extractives industry in DRC and how to bring transparency to this crucial industry (the IEA website hosts an MP3 recording of the speech.
During the same visit, Mulangala was interviewed by David Frost on his international interview programme "Frost Over the World" on the al-Jazeera English news network, becoming the first politician from the Democratic Republic of Congo to be interviewed by the renowned interviewer.
Political views and positions.
Throughout his political career, Mulangala has present consistently centrist and liberal views, first in opposition to the Mobutist regime and then to both Laurent-Desire Kabila and Joseph Kabila’s governments. His politics have consistently espoused:
Career outside politics.
In 1979 Mulangala joined Citibank in Kinshasa, rising over the years of its operations to Director of the subsidiary and Member of the Credit Committee of the bank. During his service to the financial institution at which he worked until his appointment to the Government as a Cabinet Minister in 1990, he assisted with the development, design and implementation of first money and foreign exchange marketplace in DRC, and export credit lines to mining and extractive companies, including La Générale des Carrières et des Mines, the state-owned mining company.
In 1995 Mulangala became a founding partner of Kaulu Investissement Holding (KIH), a consultancy specialising in bringing foreign investors operating in the international trade finance, mining and petroleum industries to DRC. Mulangala and KIH were crucial to the entry of South African-based oil company Engen to DRC, which ended in the company’s temporary withdrawal in 1997 alongside the majority of western investors due to the onset of the First Congo War.
In 2008 the company was appointed as a strategic partner of Afriland First Bank, a Franco-African investment bank for the development of banking operations in Kananga, capital of Kasai Province.
Personal life.
In 1981, Mulangala married Marianne who he had first known in Belgium during his secondary school and university years.
Marianne holds a law diploma from the Université Libre de Bruxelles, ULB, and a business management diploma from London Guildhall University. She is founder and chair of l'Association des Femmes d'Affaires du Congo (AFAC), an organisation for the development and empowerment of Congolese women in business.
They have four children: Vanessa, a TV producer and former broadcast journalist with the BBC World Service, Gregory, a management undergraduate from the University of London employed by a leading international mining company, Andy, adoptive son, sales manager in a marketing company, and Charles Edouard, a senior high school student aspiring to become a paediatrician.

</doc>
<doc id="31025707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025707" title="Mi campeón (film)">
Mi campeón (film)

Mi campeón ("My Champion") is a 1952 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025710" title="Música, mujeres y amor">
Música, mujeres y amor

Música, mujeres y amor ("Music, Women and Love") is a 1952 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025712" title="El Monstruo resucitado">
El Monstruo resucitado

El Monstruo resucitado ("The Revived Monster") is a 1953 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025714" title="La Bestia magnifica (Lucha libre)">
La Bestia magnifica (Lucha libre)

La Bestia magnifica (Lucha libre) ("The Magnificent Beast (Free Fight)") is a 1953 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025716" title="Quiéreme porque me muero">
Quiéreme porque me muero

Quiéreme porque me muero ("Love Me Because I Die") is a 1953 Mexican film directed by Chano Urueta and produced by Julio Valdovinos.
Cast.
 (as Camilo Perez 'Bull Dog')

</doc>
<doc id="31025720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025720" title="¿Por qué ya no me quieres?">
¿Por qué ya no me quieres?

¿Por qué ya no me quieres? ("Why don't you love me anymore?") is a 1954 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.
Plot.
Tired of struggling, Lilia, played by Sara Montiel, moves to the city to live with her aunt, a former actress.
There she strives to become a singer and meets Raul a singer, played by Agustin Lara, who helps her succeed.

</doc>
<doc id="31025722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025722" title="La Bruja (film)">
La Bruja (film)

La Bruja ("The Witch") is a 1954 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.
Plot.
A brilliant doctor creates an incredible formula but refused to sell it to an important pharmaceutical company and the company in revenge, kills the doctor's daughter. 
The scientist consumed by a terrible pain, decided to plan a sinister vengeance. In order to do so he found a horrible woman known as the witch. He used all his scientific knowledge to create a system to convert the woman into a beauty. The witch is introduced to the pharmaceutical company with success and she fell in love with one of the top executives, but the problem is that the formula only lasts for a short period of time. 
The ending will be anything but happy...

</doc>
<doc id="31025723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025723" title="National Transitional Council">
National Transitional Council

The National Transitional Council of Libya ( ' ), sometimes known as the Transitional National Council, was the "de facto" government of Libya for a period during and after the Libyan civil war, in which rebel forces overthrew the regime of Muammar Gaddafi. The NTC governed Libya for a period of ten months after the end of the war, holding elections to a General National Congress on 7 July 2012, and handing power to the newly elected assembly on 8 August.
The formation of the NTC was announced in the city of Benghazi on 27 February 2011 with the purpose to act as the "political face of the revolution". On 5 March 2011, the council issued a statement in which it declared itself to be the "only legitimate body representing the people of Libya and the Libyan state". An executive board, chaired by Mahmoud Jibril, was formed by the council on 23 March 2011 after being "de facto" assembled as an "executive team" since 5 March 2011. The NTC issued a Constitutional Declaration in August 2011 in which it set up a road-map for the transition of the country to a constitutional democracy with an elected government.
The council gained international recognition as the legitimate governing authority in Libya and occupied the country's seat at the United Nations. In referring to the Libyan state, the council used simply "Libya". The UN formally recognized the country as "Libya" in September 2011, based on a request from the Permanent Mission of Libya citing the Libyan interim Constitutional Declaration of 3 August 2011. In November 2011, the ISO 3166-1 was altered to reflect the new country name "Libya" in English, "Libye (la)" in French.
Background.
Uprising and civil war.
After popular movements overturned the rulers of Tunisia and Egypt, Libya's immediate neighbours to the west and east, Libya experienced a full-scale uprising beginning in February 2011. By 20 February, the unrest had spread to Tripoli. Much of Libya had slipped out of Gaddafi's control, falling to anti-Gaddafi forces. Eastern Libya, centered around the second largest city and vital port of Benghazi, was firmly under the control of the opposition. The opposition began to organise themselves into a functioning government. Anti-Gaddafi forces marched on Sirte (Gaddafi's hometown) on 28 September 2011. Gaddafi loyalists delayed the attack with the use of their snipers. The fight for Sirte ended on 20 October with the capture of the town and the death of Colonel Gaddafi.
Early efforts to form a government.
On 24 February 2011, politicians, former military officers, tribal leaders, academics and businessmen held a meeting in the eastern city of Bayda. The meeting was chaired by former justice minister Mustafa Abdul Jalil, who quit the Jamahiriya government a few days before. The delegates discussed proposals for interim administration with many delegates asking for UN intervention in Libya. The podium at the meeting displayed the pre-Jamahiriya flag.
On 25 February, Al Jazeera TV reported that talks were taking place between "personalities from eastern and western Libya" to form an interim government for the post-Gaddafi era. The following day, former justice minister Mustafa Abdul Jalil was announced to be leading the process of forming an interim body, to be based in Benghazi. Jalil stated that "Gaddafi alone bore responsibility for the crimes that have occurred" in Libya; he also insisted on the unity of Libya and that Tripoli was the national capital. The efforts to form an alternative government have been supported by the Libyan ambassador in the United States, Ali Suleiman Aujali. The Libyan deputy ambassador to the United Nations, Ibrahim Omar Al Dabashi, stated that he supported a new alternative government "in principle".
Establishment of a national council.
A National Transitional Council was formed on 27 February to act as "the political face of the revolution". Its spokesman, Abdul Hafiz Ghoga, made clear at the launch press conference that the national council was not a provisional government and added that the newly formed council was not in contact with foreign governments and did not want them to intervene. He later clarified that an airstrike mandated by the United Nations would not be considered a foreign intervention.
An Al Jazeera journalist in Benghazi reported that a fully fledged interim government would not be formed until Tripoli was under opposition control. This contradicted Jalil's statement of the previous day about the formation of a provisional government. These comments were later clarified by the council as Jalil's "personal views".
On 5 March, the council issued a statement in which it declared itself to be the "sole representative of all Libya". Mustafa Abdul Jalil was named as chairman of the council.
On 10 March, France became the first country to recognise the council as Libya's only legitimate government.
Formation of an executive board.
On 23 March, the council established an Executive Board to act as a transitional government for Libya. Jibril, who had served as chairman of the informal "executive team" since 5 March, was appointed as Chairman of that board, stating that council would serve as the "legislative body", and the new Executive Board would serve as the "executive body". Jibril led the meeting and negotiations with French President Nicolas Sarkozy, a meeting that resulted in France officially recognizing the council as the sole representative of the Libyan people.
Instability in 2012.
In mid-January 2012, protesters against the NTC stormed its Benghazi headquarters, demanding greater transparency on expenditures, that Gaddafi-era officials be sacked, and that Islamic sharia law be the source of the country's future constitution. Jalil was in the building, but slipped out the back before protesters broke in and stole computers and furniture. A few days earlier, Abdul Hafiz Ghoga, vice president of the NTC, was surrounded and jostled by a group of university students in Benghazi, before being pulled to safety by supporters.
Dissolution.
In a ceremony on 8 August 2012—held in the evening due to the daytime fast of Ramadan—the NTC formally transferred power to the General National Congress. Jalil stepped down as chairman, passing the position to the GNC's oldest member, Mohammed Ali Salim. The NTC was then dissolved, while the GNC members took their oath of office, led by Salim.
Hundreds of people gathered in Tripoli's Martyrs' Square with candles symbolizing reconciliation. The date of the transfer—20 Ramadan on the Islamic calendar—had also been selected for symbolic reasons, as 20 Ramadan the previous year had fallen on 20 August, the date that the rebels attacked Tripoli, leading to Gaddafi's flight. As Jalil addressed the crowd, attendees chanted "Allahu Akbar!" or another phrase meaning "The blood of martyrs will not go wasted!"
According to BBC News, the transfer was "the first peaceful transition of power in Libya's modern history", meaning the history since the end of the monarchy.
Aims and objectives.
The "Declaration of the founding of the National Transitional Council" stated that the main aims of the council were as follows:
In another statement clarifying the goals for a post-Gaddafi Libya, the council committed itself an eight-point plan to hold free and fair elections, draft a national constitution, form political and civil institutions, uphold intellectual and political pluralism, and guarantee citizens' inalienable human rights and the ability of free expression of their aspirations. The council also emphasized its rejection of racism, intolerance, discrimination, and terrorism. Article 1 further declares Tripoli the state capital and Arabic the official language while reserving the linguistic and cultural rights of ethnic minorities as well as the freedom of religion for religious minorities.
The stated aim of the NTC was to form a "de jure" interim government based in Tripoli and hold elections for a General National Congress to replace it. The GNC would then elect a prime minister, appoint a Constituent Assembly to draft a constitution subject to its approval by the PNC and by referendum, and then oversee free elections for a representative government.
Structure and membership.
Legislative body.
The National Transitional Council claimed to be, and was widely recognized as, the "only legitimate body representing the people of Libya and the Libyan state". Starting off at 33 members, it rose to 51, with proposals to increase its size further to 75 or even 125.
Al Jazeera English reported that each city or town under opposition control will be given five seats on the new council and that contact will be established with new cities that come under opposition control to allow them to join the council. The identities of members of the council were not disclosed at the launch conference. Human Rights lawyer Hafiz Ghoga was the spokesperson for the new council. An Al Jazeera English journalist in Benghazi stated that Mustafa Abdul Jalil still had a leadership role within the new council. The Council declared that Jalil was the head of the council. The council met formally for the first time on 5 March 2011 when it was announced that the council had 33 members. The names of some of the members were kept secret to prevent threats to their families that were still in Gaddafi-held areas of Libya.
In September 2011, some of the NTC's members were in Benghazi, while some had moved to the "de jure" capital Tripoli. On 8 September, the head of government Mahmoud Jibril became the highest-ranking NTC official yet to move to Tripoli. Prior to Jibril's relocation, Deputy Chairman Ali Tarhouni was the "de facto" leader of the NTC in Tripoli.
Members.
The members of the council included:
Council Members: 
City Representatives: 
Executive Board.
On 5 March 2011, a crisis committee was set up to act as the executive arm of the council. An Executive Board was announced on 23 March 2011. It originally had 15 members, but a minor reorganisation apparently removed the post of Military Affairs from the council proper and created a successor position for Defence on the board, expanding the bureau to 16 members.
The Executive Board was dismissed on 8 August 2011 due to administrative mistakes in investigating the assassination in July of Free Libyan Army commander General Abdel-Fatah Younes. Chairman Mahmoud Jibril, the only designated member of the Executive Board who was not fired, was tasked with forming a new Board.
Members (March–August 2011).
Prior to the re-shuffle in August 2011, the board members were:
Members (October 2011).
A new cabinet was unveiled in early October 2011, though not all of its members were announced at once. Individuals confirmed to be part of the new board included Mahmoud Jibril as prime minister, Ali Tarhouni as deputy prime minister, and Jalal al-Digheily as defence minister. On 23 October, Jibril resigned as Mustafa Abdul Jalil declared an end to the Libyan civil war, and Abdurrahim El-Keib succeeded him as prime minister on 31 October.
The executive board was dissolved on 22 November 2011 as per the Interim constitution which stated that the Executive board must be dissolved upon the formation of the Interim Government.
Interim government.
El-Keib unveiled the interim government on 22 November 2011:
Local government.
During the war, in opposition-held Benghazi, a 15-member "local committee" made up of lawyers, judges and respected local people was formed in order to provide civic administration and public services within the city. Residents have organised to direct traffic and collect refuse. Many shops and businesses have opened again. A newspaper and two local radio stations were also established.
Similar "local committees" were formed in other cities controlled by opposition groups.
Commercial bodies.
The council established the following commercial bodies to manage its financial affairs:
Armed forces.
The anti-Gaddafi forces were Libyan armed forces which were constituted during the 2011 war by defected military members and armed citizens in order to engage in battle against remaining members of the Jamahiriya's armed forces, hired mercenaries and paramilitary loyal to the rule of Muammar Gaddafi. The National Liberation Army, formerly known as the Free Libyan Army, was the NTC's military arm, with the small Free Libyan Air Force operating assets including captured and defected fighter jets and helicopters.
Omar El-Hariri was the first military affairs minister the NTC named, holding that position from 23 March 2011 forward. By 19 May 2011, however, Jalal al-Digheily had replaced El-Hariri. Then on 8 August 2011, Digheily along with 14 other members of the Executive Board were fired and the position left vacant, but was reappointed in early October 2011 after continuing in the role of interim defense minister for almost two months. Then on 22 November 2011, the Executive Board was dissolved for the formation of the Interim Government and Osama al-Juwali became the new Defense Minister.
On 1 April 2011, Abdul Fatah Younis was announced as commander of the NTC's forces, in an attempt to form an organized fighting structure due to a string of failures. Younis was killed in an attack on 29 July 2011 which was variously blamed on pro-Gaddafi agents, rogue rebel militiamen, and the NTC itself. Suleiman Mahmoud, Younis's top lieutenant, replaced him as army commander.
Foreign relations.
In July 2011, the Libya Contact Group of representatives of many nations announced its participants' agreement to deal with the National Transitional Council as the "legitimate governing authority in Libya". The council also received the backing of the Arab League and the European Union. On 16 September 2011, the United Nations General Assembly voted to award Libya's UN seat to the NTC. On 20 September 2011, the African Union officially recognised the NTC as the legitimate representative of Libya.
Mohammed El Senussi, the pretender to the throne of Libya, also voiced his support for the NTC.
While NTC forces were working to secure military victory on the ground, the NTC's chairman, Mustafa Abdul Jalil, was working to foster good diplomatic relations overseas. Before Gaddafi was killed Abdul Jalil negotiated a deal with the British government to pay millions in compensation to victims of IRA attacks that used Jamahiriya-supplied arms.
Military intervention.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1973 authorised a multi-national effort to establish a no-fly zone. On 19 March, British, French and US air forces began attacking targets in Gaddafi-controlled Libya, thereby initiating the UN military intervention. Operations were led by NATO under Operation Unified Protector, after initially being led by a joint UK, US and French command. Non-NATO states such as Jordan, Qatar, Sweden, and the United Arab Emirates also contributed to the military mission.

</doc>
<doc id="31025725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025725" title="Ministry of Building of Military and Naval Enterprises">
Ministry of Building of Military and Naval Enterprises

People's Commissariat for the Building of Military and Naval Enterprises ("Народный комиссариат по строительству военных и военно-морских предприятий" - НКСВВМП) of the Soviet Union. The Commissariat was one of the central offices and oversaw military construction.
It was established on 19 January 1946 in a split alongside the People's Commissariat for Building ("Народный комиссариат по строительству СССР"). In June 1946 it changed its name to the Ministry of the Building of Military and Naval Enterprises ("Министерство по строительству военных и военно-морских предприятий СССР" - Минвоенморстрой), and functioned until 9 March 1949 when it was dissolved.

</doc>
<doc id="31025731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025731" title="La Desconocida">
La Desconocida

La Desconocida ("The Unknown") is a 1954 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025732" title="La Perversa">
La Perversa

La Perversa ("The Wicked") is a 1954 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025733" title="Se solicitan modelos">
Se solicitan modelos

Se solicitan modelos ("Models are Sought") is a 1954 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025734" title="El Seductor">
El Seductor

El Seductor ("The Seducer") is a 1955 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025741" title="El Túnel 6">
El Túnel 6

El Túnel 6 ("Tunnel 6") is a 1955 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025742" title="El vendedor de muñecas">
El vendedor de muñecas

El Vendedor de muñecas ("The Seller of Dolls") is a 1955 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025743" title="David Shapiro (musician)">
David Shapiro (musician)

David "Dave" Shapiro (April 24, 1952 – February 16, 2011) was an American jazz musician. He played double bass.
Born and raised in Brooklyn, David Shapiro graduated from Brooklyn College in 1973 with a Bachelor of Arts in Music. He became a busy New York freelancer, playing regularly with such jazz legends as Woody Herman, Chet Baker, Lee Konitz, Howard McGhee, Mel Lewis and singers Ray Charles, Anita O'Day, and Chris Connor. He performed with Jackie Cain and Roy Kral in the Newport Jazz Festival in Carnegie Hall. He proved his versatility as a member of the house band at Eddie Condon's and the Metropolitan Bopera House. 
In 1987 Shapiro moved to Townshend, Vermont, where he taught and played with various musicians of the jazz scene in Vermont and Western Massachusetts, as Attila Zoller, Howard Brofsky, Scott Mullett, Paul Arslanian, Bob Weiner, Jay Messer, Eugene Uman, Draa Hobbs, Claire Arenius, and Tom McClung. With trumpet player Steve Sonntag he led a trio, which became later a sextet. In 1997 they recorded the live album "Monk, Duke & Mingus" Shapiro also played in recording sessions with Woody Herman ("World Class", 1982), Danny D'Imperio ("Blues For Philly Joe", 1991), Joshua Breakstone ("Evening Star", 1992), Howard Brofsky ("73 Down", 2000), and Michael Musillami ("Perception", 2000). 
Shapiro taught math and jazz history at Westfield State College and at Holyoke Community College in Massachusetts. He instituted his own educational programs and conducted jazz ensembles. He also taught Jazz History at the Vermont Jazz Center and conducted the "piano trio" ensembles at the VJC's Summer Jazz Workshop.

</doc>
<doc id="31025744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025744" title="La Rival">
La Rival

La Rival ("The Rival") is a 1955 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025747" title="La Ilegítima">
La Ilegítima

La Ilegítima ("The Illegitimate") is a 1956 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025748" title="Serenata en México">
Serenata en México

Serenata en México ("Serenade in Mexico") is a 1956 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025751" title="Velký Špičák">
Velký Špičák

Velký Špičák ( or "Schmiedeberger Spitzberg") is a 965 m high mountain in the Czech part of the Ore Mountains of Central Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="31025754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025754" title="El jinete sin cabeza">
El jinete sin cabeza

El Jinete sin cabeza ("The Headless Horseman") is a 1957 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025757" title="St John the Baptist's Church, Yarburgh">
St John the Baptist's Church, Yarburgh

St John the Baptist's Church, Yarburgh, is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Yarburgh, Lincolnshire, England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building, and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The village lies away from main roads, some northeast of Louth.
History.
The church dates from the 14th century. It was largely rebuilt in 1405 after a fire, and was restored in 1854–55 by the architect James Fowler of Louth, when a vestry and a south porch were added. It was declared redundant in March 1981.
Architecture.
Exterior.
St John's is constructed in ironstone and chalk rubble, with limestone ashlar dressings. The roofs are covered with lead and tiles, the tiles being decorated in fishscale bands. Its plan consists of a nave with a clerestory, a north aisle, a south porch, a chancel, a vestry, and a west tower. The tower is built in ironstone, and is in three stages on a plinth. It has stepped corner buttresses, and a battlemented parapet. On the south side is a projecting stairway. The top stage contains two-light louvred bell openings, and in the middle stage are single-light openings with trefoil heads on all sides except the east. The church is particularly notable for the carved west doorway. In its moulded surround are leaves, tendrils, fruit, a pelican, and an inscription. In the spandrels of the arch are a coat of arms, Adam and Eve and the serpent, and a Paschal Lamb. Above the doorway is a large 15th-century four-light window. There is another 15th-century window in the west window of the north aisle, this with two lights. Along the north wall are a blocked doorway, three 15th-century three-light windows in the aisle, a similar window in the chancel and a niche for a statue. The east window in the chancel is from the 19th-century with three lights. The vestry, also dating from the 19th century, has a two-light window in 15th-century style. On the south side of the chancel is a blocked 14th-century four-bay arcade which shows signs of fire damage. Three 19th-century windows in Perpendicular style have been inserted into the arcade. On both sides of the clerestory are four two-light windows. The porch is gabled, and it leads to a 14th-century inner doorway.
Interior.
Inside the church the four-bay north arcade dates from the 15th century. It is carried on octagonal piers, and has 19th-century carved human heads. In the wall of the north aisle is a 14th-century pillar piscina with a crocketted ogee head surmounted by a finial. The plain octagonal font also dates from the 14th century, and the tower screen is from the 15th century. The rest of the fittings are from the 19th century. There is a ring of three bells. The oldest bell dates from about 1370, and the next from about 1500. The third bell was cast in 1831 by James Harrison III.

</doc>
<doc id="31025761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025761" title="El Ratón (film)">
El Ratón (film)

El Ratón ("The Mouse") is a 1957 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025767" title="Furias desatadas">
Furias desatadas

Furias desatadas ("Fury Unleashed") is a 1957 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025770" title="La cabeza de Pancho Villa">
La cabeza de Pancho Villa

La Cabeza de Pancho Villa ("The Head of Pancho Villa") is a 1957 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025772" title="La marca de Satanás">
La marca de Satanás

La Marca de Satanás ("The Mark of Satan") is a 1957 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025774" title="Secuestro diabólico">
Secuestro diabólico

Secuestro diabólico ("Diabolical Abduction") is a 1957 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025776" title="El Jinete negro">
El Jinete negro

El Jinete negro ("The Black Rider") is a 1958 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025780" title="Cuando se quiere se quiere">
Cuando se quiere se quiere

Cuando se quiere se quiere ("When You Want You Want") is a 1959 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025782" title="Del suelo no paso">
Del suelo no paso

Del suelo no paso is a 1959 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025783" title="Los Hermanos Diablo">
Los Hermanos Diablo

Los Hermanos Diablo ("The Devil Brothers") is a 1959 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025786" title="No soy monedita de oro">
No soy monedita de oro

No soy monedita de oro ("I Am Not a Gold Coin") is a 1959 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025788" title="Frederick E. B. Harvey">
Frederick E. B. Harvey

Frederick E. B. Harvey (traditional Chinese: 夏福禮, simplified Chinese: 夏福礼), was a British diplomat who served as H.B.M.′s Consul in China during the mid-nineteenth century.

</doc>
<doc id="31025790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025790" title="Stray Bullet (1960 film)">
Stray Bullet (1960 film)

Stray Bullet () is a 1960 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025794" title="El Torneo de la muerte">
El Torneo de la muerte

El Torneo de la muerte ("The Tournament of Death") is a 1960 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025797" title="Herencia trágica">
Herencia trágica

Herencia trágica ("Tragic Legacy") is a 1960 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025800" title="Fisser">
Fisser

Fisser is surname of Low German and Frisian origin:
See also

</doc>
<doc id="31025801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025801" title="Las Canciones unidas">
Las Canciones unidas

Las Canciones unidas ("The United Songs") is a 1960 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025803" title="Los Tigres del ring">
Los Tigres del ring

Los Tigres del ring ("The Tigers of the Ring") is a 1960 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025806" title="Revolver en guardia">
Revolver en guardia

Revolver en guardia ("Revolver on Guard") is a 1960 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025807" title="INQ Cloud Touch">
INQ Cloud Touch

The INQ Cloud Touch is the first Android mobile phone from London-based mobile phone manufacturer INQ. The phone features a Facebook application as the main aspect of the phone, with multiple entry points from the home screen.
History.
The phone was revealed by a press release on INQ's website on 10 February, 2011. It then received further media attention at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona a week later. 
The phone will be released on 6th April 2011 in the UK, and will be sold in The Carphone Warehouse and Best Buy stores. It will retail for £199.95 on pay as you go and £20/month on contract.
Features.
Facebook.
Continuing with INQ's ethos of social media integration, the phone includes many features of Facebook such as Places and Chat. After INQ's former CEO Frank Meehan announced that they were "working closely with Facebook", rumours were rife that INQ were going to be producing "the" Facebook phone, officially branded and endorsed by Facebook.

</doc>
<doc id="31025808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025808" title="Una Bala es mi testigo">
Una Bala es mi testigo

Una Bala es mi testigo ("A Bullet is my Witness") is a 1960 Mexican Western film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025809" title="Venganza fatal">
Venganza fatal

Venganza fatal ("Fatal Vengeance") is a 1960 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025825" title="El Hombre de la ametralladora">
El Hombre de la ametralladora

El Hombre de la ametralladora ("The Machine Gun Man") is a 1961 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025827" title="Guantes de oro">
Guantes de oro

Guantes de oro ("Golden Gloves") is a 1961 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025828" title="Tres Romeos y una Julieta">
Tres Romeos y una Julieta

Tres Romeos y una Julieta ("Three Romeos and One Juliet") is a 1961 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025832" title="Camino de la horca">
Camino de la horca

Camino de la horca () is a 1962 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025836" title="El Asaltacaminos">
El Asaltacaminos

El Asaltacaminos ("The Highway Heist") is a 1962 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025841" title="El Espejo de la bruja">
El Espejo de la bruja

El Espejo de la bruja ("The Witch's Mirror") is a 1962 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025842" title="Pilotos de la muerte">
Pilotos de la muerte

Pilotos de la muerte ("Pilots of Death") is a 1962 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025846" title="La Cabeza viviente">
La Cabeza viviente

La Cabeza viviente ("The Living Head") is a 1963 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025850" title="La Muerte en el desfiladero">
La Muerte en el desfiladero

La Muerte en el desfiladero ("The Death in the Gorge") is a 1963 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025852" title="Los Chacales">
Los Chacales

Los Chacales ("The Jackals") is a 1963 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025857" title="Cinco asesinos esperan">
Cinco asesinos esperan

Cinco asesinos esperan ("Five Murderers Waiting") is a 1964 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025858" title="El Ciclón de Jalisco">
El Ciclón de Jalisco

El Ciclón de Jalisco ("The Cyclone of Jalisco") is a 1964 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025859" title="El Robo al tren correo">
El Robo al tren correo

El Robo al tren correo ("The Mail Train Robbery") is a 1964 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025860" title="Lupe Balazos">
Lupe Balazos

Lupe Balazos is a 1964 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025864" title="Demonio azul">
Demonio azul

Demonio azul ("Blue Demon") is a 1965 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025866" title="Especialista en chamacas">
Especialista en chamacas

Especialista en chamacas ("Specialist in Kids") is a 1965 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025868" title="Alma grande">
Alma grande

Alma grande ("Great Soul") is a 1966 Mexican film based on a comic book created by Pedro Zapian (writer of the Chanoc stories) at the beginning of the sixties. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025870" title="Blue Demon vs. the Satanic Power">
Blue Demon vs. the Satanic Power

Blue Demon vs. the Satanic Power () is a 1966 Mexican film featuring Mexican wrestler Blue Demon. It was directed by Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025871" title="Los Gavilanes negros">
Los Gavilanes negros

Los Gavilanes negros ("The Black Hawks") is a 1966 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025874" title="Blue Demon contra cerebros infernales">
Blue Demon contra cerebros infernales

Blue Demon contra cerebros infernales () is a 1968 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025878" title="Blue Demon contra las diabólicas">
Blue Demon contra las diabólicas

Blue Demon contra las diabólicas is a 1966 (various sources also say 1967) Mexican horror film. It was directed by Chano Urueta and stars David Reynoso, Ana Martín and the wrestler Blue Demon.

</doc>
<doc id="31025879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025879" title="El as de oros">
El as de oros

El as de oros ("The Ace of Diamonds") is a 1968 Mexican film, directed by Chano Urueta, starring Manuel Capetillo, Flor Silvestre, Regina Torné, and Antonio Aguilar (as himself in a cameo role).

</doc>
<doc id="31025881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025881" title="Tu camino y el mio">
Tu camino y el mio

Tu camino y el mio ("Your Path and Mine") is a 1973 Mexican film. It was directed by 
Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025884" title="Los Leones del ring contra la Cosa Nostra">
Los Leones del ring contra la Cosa Nostra

Los Leones del ring contra la Cosa Nostra ("The Lions in the Ring Against the Cosa Nostra") is a 1974 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025886" title="Los Leones del ring">
Los Leones del ring

Los Leones del ring ("The Lions of the Ring") is a 1974 Mexican film. It was the final film to be directed by Chano Urueta.

</doc>
<doc id="31025901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025901" title="Stranger King">
Stranger King

The Stranger King theory offers a framework to understand global colonialism. It seeks to explain the apparent ease whereby many indigenous peoples subjugated themselves to an alien colonial power and places state formation by colonial powers within the continuum of earlier, similar but indigenous processes. 
It highlights the imposition of colonialism not as the result of the breaking of the spirit of local communities by brute force, or as reflecting an ignorant peasantry's acquiescence in the lies of its self-interested leaders, but as a people's rational and productive acceptance of an opportunity offered. 
The theory was developed by Marshall Sahlins in the Pacific region and is described by David Henley using the North Sulawesi region in Indonesia as his prime case study. The "Stranger King" theory suggests similarities and divergences between pre-colonial and colonial processes of state-formation enabling to build with insight on the historiography of the colonial transition in the Asia-Pacific part of the world.
The theory.
The "Stranger King" theory argues that many indigenous peoples accepted the imposition of foreign colonial influence, i.e. the "Stranger King", as a means of conflict resolution. In doing so, the "Stranger King" theory challenges binary oppositions of ‘tradition versus modernity’ and ‘nationalism versus imperialism’ paradigms and it places state formation by colonial powers within the continuum of earlier, similar but indigenous processes. The theory particularly builds on the English seventeenth century political philosopher Thomas Hobbes' depiction of traditional indigenous societies existing in a state of 'Warre', envy, and conflict.
The theory was developed by the anthropologist Marshall Sahlins in his analysis of Pacific communities, such as Fiji. He argued that indigenous societies in a state of ‘Warre’ would tend to welcome the arrival of an impartial and strong "Stranger King", capable of resolving conflict since his position outside and above the community would given him a unique authority. Consistent with this theory, scholars such as Jim Fox and Leonard Andaya have emphasized parallels between (east) Indonesia and the Pacific world, while David Henley has applied the "Stranger King" concept on North Sulawesi.
The Stranger King in Sulawesi.
The Dutch East India Company and before them the Spanish provided a "Stranger King" solution to the central political dilemma of northern Sulawesi's fractious and litigious indigenous communities. Old Dutch narratives often depict indigenous e.g. Minahasa stakeholders as grateful for intervention when their own political institutions were incapable of providing the security and stability necessary for the pursuit of prosperity. These historic accounts validate the "Stranger King" concept however are obviously controversial due to their source and have always been easily dismissed as colonial propaganda. Henley's study however provides proof (Chapter XI, 'Patterns and Parallels'), it is not just European sources that suggest recurring uncertainty and conflict within indigenous societies and the indigenous societies' strategy to embosom a "Stranger King" to break the status quo. Henley in fact presents abundant indigenous (e.g. Bugis and Makasarese) chronicles and accounts collected by anthropologists that explain, and legitimize, the process of pre-colonial and later colonial state formation in similar terms, and not just in the Minahassa or Southeast Asia, but worldwide.
The "Stranger King" theory argues against the theory that the centuries long colonisation process was a non-stop process of indigenous resistance against aggressive military occupation. Notwithstanding the fact that the "Stranger King's" merchants, military, civil servants and missionaries had their own motives and agenda. The colonists achieved authority not just on the basis of military power, but also through political alliances, diplomatic collaboration
and by providing a relatively impartial mechanism for arbitration. Colonial courts, rather than solely being instruments of oppression, also provided indigenous people with an access to justice, less subject to local bribery and patronage.
Without minimizing the arrogance or self-interest of colonial stakeholders Henley states:
""We will not understand the nature of those societies better if, whether out of embarrassment, disbelief, or lack of interest, we choose to ignore either the ease with which they were often brought under colonial control, or the evidence that 'Stranger-Kings' were perceived as fulfilling useful functions among them."" David Henley in 'Jealousy and Justice' (P.89)
The Stranger King in Sri Lanka.
In her thesis Schiller accepts the "Stranger King" concept as a political means to channel factions in Southeast Asian political entities in early modern times and applies it to the political situation in the Kingdom of Kandy in the eighteenth century. She argues the outsider status was essential for a Kandyan king to maintain the balance of power in the small Kingdom, and sheds a light on the political process that led to the transfer of power over the Kingdom to the British in 1815. Moreover, she argues that the "Stranger King" strategy applies to both European and Asian foreign entities. 
Within three years the nobles had come to realize that they had lost too much power under the British regime, and they intended once more to install a South Indian "Stranger King" named Dore Swami. Their 1818 rebellion, however, was crushed by the British and led to even tighter control over the Kandyan provinces and a sharp curtailment of the Kandyan nobles’ autonomy.
Academic usage.
The "Stranger King" theory is used as an analytical tool to understand and re-construct the history of interaction between Europeans and Asians in Southeast Asia and proposes alternative frameworks of understanding colonialism. In 2007 a panel called ""Re-thinking colonialism in Southeast Asia and the Indian Ocean, 18TH to 19TH Century"" chaired by the International Convention of Asia Scholars (ICAS) the concept was employed to gain insight into the dynamism of the role indigenous peoples had during the process of colonialisation and the complexity of the relationship between coloniser and colonised.
Historical and social science are developing a new alternative discourse, where not only the old nationalistic Euro-centric scholars, but also the later Asian-centric academics and nationalistic revisionists, look at history from the perspective of mutual heritage. 
"Southeast Asia has come within the fold of a single world civilization with a single universal history and all that is meant by Asian-centric history is a history in which the Asian, as a host in his house, should stand in the foreground…" (Smail 1961: 76, 78).

</doc>
<doc id="31025902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025902" title="Kobayashi metric">
Kobayashi metric

In mathematics, the original Kobayashi metric is a pseudometric (or pseudodistance) on complex manifolds introduced by . It can be viewed as the dual of the Carathéodory metric, and has been extended to complex analytic spaces and almost complex manifolds. On Teichmüller space the Kobayashi metric coincides with the Teichmüller metric; on the unit ball, it coincides with the Bergman metric.
An analogous pseudodistance was constructed for flat affine and projective structures in and then generalized to (normal) projective connections. Essentially the same construction has been applied to (normal, pseudo-Riemannian) conformal connections and, more recently, to general (regular) parabolic geometries.
Definition.
If "X" is a complex manifold, the Kobayashi pseudometric "d" may be characterized as the largest pseudometric on "X" such that
for all holomorphic maps "f" from the unit disk "D" to "X" (where formula_2 denotes distance in the Poincaré metric on "D").

</doc>
<doc id="31025909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025909" title="Åke Åkerström">
Åke Åkerström

Åke Åkerström (April 26, 1902 – October, 1991) was a Swedish archaeologist and classical scholar. He is best known for his work on architectural terracottas and Ancient vase painting.
Biography.
Åkerström received his doctoral degree at Uppsala University in 1934 where he was a student of Axel W. Persson. His dissertation was titled "Studien über die etruskischen Gräber, unter besonderer Berücksichtigung der Entwicklung des Kammergrabes" and dealt with Etruscan chamber tombs. He was the director of the Swedish Institute at Athens during two periods, 1948-1956 and 1970-1972.

</doc>
<doc id="31025922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025922" title="Fischbein">
Fischbein

Fischbein, Fishbein or Fishbine ("baleen") are Yiddish surnames. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="31025927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025927" title="Michael Healy-Rae">
Michael Healy-Rae

Michael Healy-Rae is an independent politician in Ireland. He was elected at the 2011 general election to the 31st Dáil Éireann as a Teachta Dála (TD) for Kerry South. Prior to entering national politics, he was involved in local politics in County Kerry and pursued business interests.
Family life.
He is the youngest son of Jackie Healy-Rae, who was a TD for Kerry South from 1997 to 2011, and a brother of Councillor Danny Healy-Rae who represents the Killarney electoral area on Kerry County Council. His mother, Julie Healy, was born in Wilmington, Delaware, but grew up in New York City.
Local politics.
Healy-Rae is a former member of Kerry County Council, and was first elected to the Council at the 1999 local elections, representing the Killorglin electoral area. He retained his seat with an increased vote at the 2004 local elections.
Reality television.
In Autumn 2007, Michael Healy-Rae took part in the reality television show on RTÉ called "Celebrities Go Wild" set in the "unforgiving landscapes" of Connemara. He emerged as the winner having received the largest number of votes from the "viewing public". In June 2011 news broke of a voting scandal, for which journalist Senan Molony received the award for "Scoop of the Year" at the National Newspapers of Ireland's Journalism Awards.
It was revealed that Healy-Rae had received 3,636 votes from a phone in Leinster House at a cost of €2,600 to the Irish taxpayer, the premium-rate calls being charged on a tariff designed to raise money for charity. Only limited information was available as to how the calls were made. Speculation that an automated dialler had been employed, was discounted by the "Irish Independent" which suggested they were made over 31 hours using "redial" . The Ceann Comhairle Seán Barrett described it as "an outrageous abuse of facilities", while the Taoiseach Enda Kenny said the money spent on the calls should be paid back. On 29 June 2011, Healy-Rae said that while he was not involved in the calls, he would pay the money back.
National politics.
Healy-Rae was elected in the Kerry South constituency at the 2011 general election when his father Jackie retired from national politics. Along with Michael Lowry and Noel Grealish, he is not a member of the Dáil Technical group.
He was appointed to the board of the Citizens' Information Board in April 2009. He was asked twice to resign his position from the board because of a conflict of interest between his subsequent membership of the Dáil and his membership of a body advising the Minister for Social Protection. After he refused to resign, the Minister dismissed him in July 2011.
Healy-Rae missed two-thirds of votes in his first Dáil term, despite being signed in for his expenses on each day a vote was taken.
His political platform includes opposition to tighter controls on drinking and driving. His father and brother have also expressed similar views on such legislation. In January 2012, Healy-Rae proposed changing Ireland's number plate system so that the supposedly unlucky number 13 would be dropped for the year 2013 to "save" the Irish car industry.
Healy-Rae has raised The Hum in Dáil Éireann after witnessing it himself while meeting some of his constituents who were "nearly gone out of their minds" with it. The official response he received, was described by Healy-Rae as "away with the fairies gobbledygook."

</doc>
<doc id="31025928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025928" title="Voice of Wits">
Voice of Wits

Voice of Wits (VoW FM) is a campus radio station operated by students of the University of the Witwatersrand (Wits) in Johannesburg, South Africa. VoW FM broadcasts on the 90.5 MHz frequency from a 1 watt transmitter located at University Corner, just outside the Johannesburg CBD in Braamfontein.
According to the South African Advertising Research Foundation (SAARF), VoW FM had a listenership of 11,000 people. In July 2011, VoW FM and BBC World Service entered into a partnership, and BBC news and sports bulletins are now broadcast by VoW FM.

</doc>
<doc id="31025939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025939" title="Breda A.14">
Breda A.14

The Breda A.14 was a prototype three-engined biplane, designed by Società Italiana Ernesto Breda as a night bomber in 1928. The aircraft was proposed to the Regia Aeronautica, but failed assessments, and was abandoned. The aircraft was designed after the failure of the A.8. It was designed to solve the flight problems experienced on the A.8. The A.14 was tested in 1928, powered by three 450 hp Alfa Romeo Jupiter engines. Although performance was improved, the Regia Aeronautica decided not to accept the A.14. To make up for the costs, it was suggested that a demilitarised version be sold to civilians, but a lack of civilian interest resulted in the abandonment of the project.

</doc>
<doc id="31025941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025941" title="Q.R.R (Quien resulte responsable)">
Q.R.R (Quien resulte responsable)

Q.R.R (Quien resulte responsable) ("Whoever is Responsible") is a 1970 Mexican film. It was directed by Gustavo Alatriste.

</doc>
<doc id="31025955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025955" title="Human (1971 film)">
Human (1971 film)

Human is a 1971 Mexican film. It was directed by Gustavo Alatriste.

</doc>
<doc id="31025956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025956" title="Nevada gubernatorial election, 2002">
Nevada gubernatorial election, 2002

The 2002 Nevada gubernatorial election took place on November 5, 2002. Incumbent Republican Governor Kenny Guinn defeated Democratic nominee and Nevada State Senator Joe Neal in a landslide to win a second and final term.

</doc>
<doc id="31025957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025957" title="Victorino (Las calles no se siembran)">
Victorino (Las calles no se siembran)

Victorino (Las calles no se siembran) ("Victorino (The Streets are Not Planted)") is a 1973 Mexican film. It was directed by Gustavo Alatriste.

</doc>
<doc id="31025961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025961" title="Entre violetas">
Entre violetas

Entre violetas ("Among Violets") is a 1973 Mexican film. It was directed by Gustavo Alatriste.

</doc>
<doc id="31025964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025964" title="Los privilegiados">
Los privilegiados

Los privilegiados ("The Privileged") is a 1973 Mexican film directed by Gustavo Alatriste.

</doc>
<doc id="31025969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025969" title="Las tecnologías pesqueras">
Las tecnologías pesqueras

Las tecnologías pesqueras ("The Fishing Technologies") is a 1975 Mexican film. It was directed by Gustavo Alatriste.

</doc>
<doc id="31025972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025972" title="México, México, ra, ra, ra">
México, México, ra, ra, ra

México, México, ra, ra, ra is a 1975 Mexican film. It was directed by Gustavo Alatriste.

</doc>
<doc id="31025975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025975" title="En la cuerda del hambre">
En la cuerda del hambre

En la cuerda del hambre ("On the Rope of Hunger") is a 1978 Mexican film. It was directed by Gustavo Alatriste.

</doc>
<doc id="31025999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31025999" title="La grilla">
La grilla

La grilla ("The Grid") is a 1979 Mexican film. It was directed by Gustavo Alatriste.

</doc>
<doc id="31026006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026006" title="The House of Bernarda Alba (1982 film)">
The House of Bernarda Alba (1982 film)

The House of Bernarda Alba is a 1982 Mexican film directed by Gustavo Alatriste.

</doc>
<doc id="31026017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026017" title="Aquel famoso Remington">
Aquel famoso Remington

Aquel famoso Remington () is a 1982 Mexican film. It was directed by Gustavo Alatriste.

</doc>
<doc id="31026031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026031" title="Mauro Gavotto">
Mauro Gavotto

Mauro Gavotto (born 16 April 1979 in Cuneo) is an Italian volleyball player. He finished 4th with his team at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="31026042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026042" title="Toña, nacida virgen (Del oficio)">
Toña, nacida virgen (Del oficio)

Toña, nacida virgen (Del oficio) ("Toña, Born a Virgin (The Office)") is a 1982 Mexican film. It was directed by Gustavo Alatriste.

</doc>
<doc id="31026045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026045" title="David Abraham">
David Abraham

David Abraham may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31026047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026047" title="Historia de una mujer escandalosa">
Historia de una mujer escandalosa

Historia de una mujer escandalosa ("Story of a Scandalous Woman") is a 1982 Mexican film. It was directed by Gustavo Alatriste.

</doc>
<doc id="31026050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026050" title="La combi asesina">
La combi asesina

La combi asesina ("The Killer Combination") is a 1982 Mexican film. It was directed by Gustavo Alatriste.

</doc>
<doc id="31026055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026055" title="Suzanne Bachelard">
Suzanne Bachelard

Suzanne Bachelard (October 18, 1919 - November 3, 2007 in Paris) was a French philosopher and academic. In 1958 she published "La Conscience de la rationalité". She was the daughter of philosopher Gaston Bachelard, of whom she edited the posthumous book "Fragments d'une Poétique du Feu". She taught at Sorbonne, where she also had Jacques Derrida as her assistant.
She was the first translator to french of the Husserl's book, Formal and Transcendental Logic.

</doc>
<doc id="31026070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026070" title="Hangzhong Road Station">
Hangzhong Road Station

Hangzhong Road Station () is a station on Line 10 of the Shanghai Metro. It entered operation in April 2010 and is the southern terminus of the branch line of Line 10.

</doc>
<doc id="31026085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026085" title="C. D. Moore">
C. D. Moore

Lieutenant General C.D. Moore II is Commander, Air Force Life Cycle Management Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio. The organization is the single center responsible for total life cycle management covering all aircraft, engines, munitions, and electronic systems.
General Moore is a distinguished graduate of the U.S. Air Force Academy as well as the top graduate in engineering. A Guggenheim Fellow, he completed a Master of Science degree in aeronautical engineering at Columbia University before entering flight school in 1981. He served as a T-38 instructor pilot, an operational F-15 pilot and as an experimental test pilot. General Moore also served as commander of the first F-22 squadron as well as a group commander at Eglin AFB, Fla., Materiel Wing Director of the F-16 System Program Office, Materiel Wing Commander of the F-22 System Program Office, and Vice Commander of the Aeronautical Systems Center. 
The general's staff assignments include Director of Special Programs in the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology and Logistics, and the Deputy Director of the Global Power Directorate in the Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Acquisition, and Deputy Program Executive Officer of the F-35 Joint Program Office. General Moore served as the Chief of Air Operations, Multi-National Forces-Iraq in 2004, and he is a command pilot with more than 3,000 flight hours in 30 types of aircraft. Prior to assuming his current position, General Moore was Vice Commander, Air Force Materiel Command.

</doc>
<doc id="31026086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026086" title="Tiburoneros">
Tiburoneros

Tiburoneros is a 1963 Mexican film. It was directed by Luis Alcoriza.

</doc>
<doc id="31026092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026092" title="Amor y sexo">
Amor y sexo

"Amor y sexo (Safo '63)" ("Love and Sex (Sappho '63)") is a 1964 Mexican film. It was directed by Luis Alcoriza and starring María Félix.
Plot.
Diana (María Félix) is a mature woman with a life full of romantic adventures living a life of prostitution and drugs in the high society Mexican circles. Diana fell in love with Raul (Julio Alemán) a man 10 years younger. The secret of Diana life is an old lover tied mysteriously with Diana.
Notes.
It's the only film where the Mexican cinema diva María Félix appears naked.

</doc>
<doc id="31026097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026097" title="Corona Data Systems">
Corona Data Systems

Corona Data Systems, later renamed Cordata, was an American personal computer company. It was one of the earliest IBM PC compatible computer system companies. Manufacturing was primarily done by Daewoo of Korea, which became a major investor in the company and ultimately the owner. 
History.
Founded in 1982 by Robert Harp, who previously helped found Vector Graphic.
The original Corona PC was released in 1983.
By 1984, Corona employed 280 people.
IBM Lawsuit.
In early 1984, IBM sued Corona (and Eagle Computer) for copyright violation of the IBM PC BIOS. Corona settled with IBM by agreeing to cease infringement.
Corona PPC-400.
Corona Portable PC Model PPC-400, arguably the most notable Corona computer, was introduced in 1984. The PPC-400 was remarkable for its elegant and clear screen fonts. The desktop version was the PC-400.
Cordata.
After Daewoo acquired a 70% share in the company, Corona Data Systems was renamed Cordata in 1986 in order to reflect diversification and to try to distance itself from identification as just a "PC clone" manufacturer. Harp resigned in 1987, accusing Daewoo of transforming the company into a paper-only entity for the purpose of loss write-off. According to Harp, Cordata had posted $20M losses in the previous year despite the $40M investment made by Daewoo since 1985.
Competitors.
Early IBM PC compatible computer system companies:

</doc>
<doc id="31026107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026107" title="El gángster">
El gángster

El gángster ("The Gangster") is a 1965 Mexican film. It was directed by Luis Alcoriza.

</doc>
<doc id="31026110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026110" title="Alice's Adventures in Wonderland (ballet)">
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland (ballet)

"Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" is a ballet in three acts by Christopher Wheeldon with a scenario by Nicholas Wright. It was commissioned by The Royal Ballet, Covent Garden, and the National Ballet of Canada and had its world premiere on Monday, 28 February 2011. The music by Joby Talbot is the first full-length score (1 hour 40 minutes) for the Royal Ballet in 20 years.
Artistic philosophy.
The work is based on Lewis Carroll's well-known children's story "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland". Wheeldon was attracted by the physicality of the characters and the perfect central role for a ballerina: "The Royal Ballet already has a wealth of full-blooded ballets. I wanted to create something lighter and more friendly." He chose Lauren Cuthbertson for the lead role of Alice as someone who could "captivate the audience and make them believe in Alice." As for the music, Talbot explained that he "wanted to find a new sound, the right timbre for Wonderland." His orchestral score has a large percussion section and four female voices.
Reviews of premiere.
The premiere was well received by the audience although some reviewers commented on an excessively long first act. Wheeldon's choreography sometimes had to fight for attention, given all the special staging effects. Joby Talbot's exuberant score was credited with providing sophisticated, danceable music with vividly descriptive melodies. Lauren Cuthbertson's performance was said to be "alert, funny and deliciously un-twee". Writing in 'The Daily Telegraph', Sarah Crompton commented: "Wheeldon’s Alice will undoubtedly be hugely popular; it’s colourful, enjoyable fun. But it needed a little more dance and a little less action to take its place alongside those English story ballets the choreographer himself so admires.".
Choreographic development.
By 2012, Wheeldon had changed the structure of the ballet so that it consisted of three acts instead of the original two and had inserted an additional pas de deux for Alice and the knave.
Characters.
Oxford Characters
<br>
Alice: the original protagonist in Lewis Carroll's novel, in which she is a child; in the ballet she is a teenager beginning her first romance.<br>
Henry Liddell and his wife: Alice's parents; her father is the vice-chancellor of Oxford.<br>
Lewis Carroll: The author of "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland"<br>
Lorina and Edith: Alice's two sisters.<br>
Jack: The gardener's boy who is sent away after being accused of stealing a jam tart.
Wonderland Characters
<br>
The Queen of Hearts: A homicidal monarch wearing blood red and terrorizing everyone in sight. <br>
White Rabbit: The Queen's assistant, frightened of his employer. <br>
Knave of Hearts: One of a pack of playing cards, he is accused of stealing jam tarts and stands trial.<br>
The Duchess: A lady of Wonderland who is invited to play croquet with the Queen.<br>
The Frog: Butler to the Duchess.<br>
The Fish: Letter-carrier of Wonderland.<br>
The Cheshire Cat: A mysterious grinning cat whom Alice asks for directions.<br>
Mad Hatter, March Hare & Dormouse: Three characters whom Alice encounters having a tea party.<br>
Caterpillar: An exotic insect who gives Alice a piece of hallucinogenic mushroom to eat.

</doc>
<doc id="31026113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026113" title="You Belong (album)">
You Belong (album)

You Belong is an EP released by American rock band, After Midnight Project. Its released on April 1, 2011.
The first single "Hourglass" was first released on KROQ on February 27, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31026115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026115" title="Juego peligroso">
Juego peligroso

Juego peligroso ("Dangerous Game") is a 1967 Mexican film. It was directed by Luis Alcoriza.

</doc>
<doc id="31026118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026118" title="La puerta y la mujer del carnicero">
La puerta y la mujer del carnicero

La puerta y la mujer del carnicero ("The Door and the Butcher's Wife") is a 1968 Mexican film. It was directed by Luis Alcoriza.

</doc>
<doc id="31026121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026121" title="El oficio más antiguo del mundo">
El oficio más antiguo del mundo

El oficio más antiguo del mundo ("The World's Oldest Profession") is a 1970 Mexican film. It was directed by Luis Alcoriza.

</doc>
<doc id="31026129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026129" title="Antricola">
Antricola

Antricola is a genus of tick containing 16 species, including:

</doc>
<doc id="31026132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026132" title="Luis-Manuel Flores">
Luis-Manuel Flores

Luis-Manuel Flores (born 1 February 1985) is a Mexican professional tennis player. He reached a career high ranking of 423 in September 2008. He began playing in the Mexico Davis Cup team in 2003. He is coached by José Higueras.

</doc>
<doc id="31026134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026134" title="Paraíso (1970 film)">
Paraíso (1970 film)

Paraíso ("Paradise") is a 1970 Mexican film. It was directed by Luis Alcoriza.

</doc>
<doc id="31026139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026139" title="Mecánica nacional">
Mecánica nacional

Mecánica nacional ("National Mechanics") is a 1972 Mexican film. It was directed by Luis Alcoriza.

</doc>
<doc id="31026140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026140" title="El muro del silencio">
El muro del silencio

El muro del silencio ("The Wall of Silence") is a 1974 Mexican film starring Brontis Jodorowsky as Daniel. It was directed by Luis Alcoriza. The film was shot 1972 in Bogotá and Santa Marta, Magdalena, Colombia, and released 31 January 1974. In 1973, the film music secured José Antonio Alcaraz and Rubén Fuentes the Silver Ariel for the best score (Ariel a Mejor Música de Fondo).

</doc>
<doc id="31026149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026149" title="Wits Theatre Complex">
Wits Theatre Complex

The Wits Theatre Complex is a performing arts complex in Braamfontein, a suburb of Johannesburg, South Africa. It is part of the University of the Witwatersrand, although it also caters for professional companies, dance studios and schools. It is run by the University's Performing Arts Administration (PAA).
The Wits Theatre Complex opened in July 1983. Plans for the construction of the theatre complex were first announced ten years before that; in the interim, money for construction had been raised from public and private sources. Before the construction of the theatre complex, the Schools of Dramatic Art and Music had been staging productions in a building on campus called the Nunnery, a former convent. The Nunnery has been retained as a teaching venue.
The Wits Theatre Complex has three venues:
In addition, the 1035-seat Great Hall is also used by the PAA, although it is not part of the Wits Theatre Complex.

</doc>
<doc id="31026150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026150" title="Las fuerzas vivas">
Las fuerzas vivas

Las fuerzas vivas ("The Living Forces") is a 1975 Mexican film. It was directed by Luis Alcoriza.

</doc>
<doc id="31026154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026154" title="A paso de cojo">
A paso de cojo

A paso de cojo () is a 1980 Mexican film. It was directed by Luis Alcoriza.

</doc>
<doc id="31026162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026162" title="Utricularia regia">
Utricularia regia

Utricularia regia is a carnivorous plant that belongs to the genus "Utricularia" and is endemic to the Sierra Madre del Sur region of Guerrero, Mexico. It is similar to "U. hintonii" and "U. petersoniae", but it is easily distinguished from these species by the unusual 4-lobed division of the upper corolla lip and the unique color pattern. "Utricularia regia" is an annual rupicolous species that is found growing among rocks with mosses and "Selaginella" in pine forests at altitudes from to . It grows during the rainy season and flowers from September to October, producing fruit from October to early November. The specific epithet "regia" was chosen because of the appearance of an inverted crown in the markings of the lower corolla lip. It was discovered in 2005 and collected again on subsequent botanical explorations in preparation for the "Flora de Guerrero". It was formally described in a 2009 volume of "Brittonia" by Sergio Zamudio and Martha Olvera. The authors placed the new species into Peter Taylor's section "Psyllosperma", which has subsequently been merged with section "Foliosa" based on molecular phylogenetics.

</doc>
<doc id="31026165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026165" title="Semana santa en Acapulco">
Semana santa en Acapulco

Semana santa en Acapulco ("Holy Week in Acapulco") is a 1981 Mexican film. It was directed by Luis Alcoriza.

</doc>
<doc id="31026172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026172" title="Todd Ames Hunter">
Todd Ames Hunter

Todd Ames Hunter (born August 26, 1953) is a lawyer from Corpus Christi, Texas, who is a Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives from District 32 in Nueces County. From 1993 to 1997, as a Democrat, Hunter also held the District 32 House seat. He did not seek reelection in 1996. From 1989 to 1993, he was the District 36 Democratic representative. In the 1992 election, he was switched after two terms to District 32 via redistricting.
Hunter is a candidate for his eighth nonconsecutive term in the general election scheduled for November 4, 2014.
Background.
Hunter was born in Bartlesville in northeastern Oklahoma to Richard and Patricia London Hunter. In 1975, he graduated from the University of Kansas at Topeka, Kansas, with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Political Science, Speech, and Human Relations. In 1978, he obtained his Juris Doctor degree from the Dedman School of Law at Southern Methodist University in University Park outside Dallas, Texas.
In 1978, Hunter moved to Corpus Christi, where he currently practices civil defense law as the senior partner of Hunter & Handel, P.C. Earlier, he was employed at two other Corpus Christi firms, Meredith, Donnell and Edmonds and then Kleberg, Dyer, Redford & Weil. He opened Huner & Handel in March 1992, with his law partner, Rod Handel. Hunter's areas of practice include insurance, commercial, banking, tort trial and appellate practice, and mediation. He was also involved in a number of insurance defense cases regarding mold.
He is married to the former Alexis Taylor, the eldest daughter of Marcella and Leroy Taylor. Alexis and Todd reared all three of their children—Todd A. Hunter, Jr. (born 1986), Michael Taylor Hunter (born 1987), and Christina Alyson Hunter (born 1991)--in Corpus Christi.
Hunter is a member of All Saints Episcopal Church in Corpus Christi. He is a director and member of the advisory board of the Coastal Bend division of the Boy Scouts of America. He is affiliated with Rotary International and is a board member of Consumer Credit Counseling Service and the Texas Lyceum Association.
Legislative record.
After a twelve-year absence from the Texas House, Hunter returned to win his former but reconfigured seat in the 2008 general election. Hunter narrowly unseated the incumbent Democrat Juan M. Garcia, III, 27,844 votes (50.1 percent) to 25,994 (46.8 percent). The remaining 1,705 votes (3.1 percent) were cast for the Libertarian Party nominee, Lenard Lee Nelson (born c. 1949), of Corpus Christi.
Though District 32 now includes only a portion of Corpus Christi, the seat of government of Nueces County, when Hunter took the seat in 2009, it also included Aransas, Calhoun, and San Patricio counties.
83rd Legislative session.
Hunter won his seventh nonconsecutive term in the 83rd Texas Legislature in 2012 without primary or general election opposition.
Hunter currently serves as the chairman of the House Committee on Calendars, as well as serving on these House committees: (1) County Affairs, (2) Judiciary and Civil Jurisprudence, (3) Redistricting, and (4) General Investigating & Ethics committees (5) Transportation Funding.
Rep. Hunter received a number of awards for his work during the 83rd Legislative session. Hunter was given the “TML Legislator of the Year Award” by the Texas Municipal League. The Freedom of Information Foundation of Texas honored him with the “Lawmaker of the Year Award.” The Texas Association of Broadcasters gave him the “Legislative Leader Award.” Hunter was also honored by the Combined Law Enforcement Association of Texas and received their “Best of the House Award.” In 2014, Hunter was awarded the “Silver Spur Award” by the Texas Travel and Tourism Association in recognition of his lifetime contribution to the tourism industry in Texas. Hunter received the “Legislator of the Year Award” from The Texas Speech Language Hearing Association.
A pro-life legislator, Hunter in 2013 supported the ban on abortion after twenty weeks of gestation; the measure passed the House, 96-49. He also voted for companion legislation to increase medical and licensing requirements of abortion providers. These issues brought forth an unsuccessful filibuster in the Texas State Senate by Wendy R. Davis of Fort Worth, who in 2014 is the Democratic nominee for governor. In 2011, Hunter supported two other anti-abortion measures. One forbids state funding of agencies which perform abortions; the other requires a woman procuring an abortion to undergo first a sonogram. 
Hunter supported legislation to provide marshals for school security as a separate law-enforcement entity. He supported the successful bill to extend the franchise tax exemption to certain businesses. He voted for the adoption of the biennial state budgets in both 2011 and 2013. He voted for the bill to prohibit texting while driving, which passed the House, 97-45. He voted to require testing for narcotics of those individuals receiving unemployment compensation.
Hunter supported the measure to forbid the state from engaging in the enforcement of federal regulations of firearms. He voted to allow college and university officials to carry concealed weapons in the name of campus security. He voted to reduce the time required to obtain a concealed-carry permit. He backed the redistricting bills for the state House and Senate and the United States House of Representatives.
82nd Legislative session.
At the start of his sixth term in 2011, during the 82nd Legislative Session, Speaker Joe Straus, named Hunter chairman of the Calendars Committee. The House Committee on Calendars is responsible for setting bills to be heard before the Texas House of Representatives. In addition to serving as chair of the Calendars Committee, he was also the chair of the Select Committee on Election Contest and served on the Corrections Committee, Human Services Committee, Redistricting Committee, and the General Investigation & Ethics Committee.
For the 82nd Legislative Session, Hunter received the “Law and Order Award” from the Texas Association of District and County Attorney’s Association. The Texas Homeless Network gave him the “Outstanding State Representative Award.” The Texas Association of Builders and Contractors Inc. gave him the “Free Enterprise Champion Award” for a second consecutive session. Additionally, he was also honored to again receive the “James Madison Award” from the Freedom of Information Foundation of Foundation as well as the “Friends of Medicine Award” by the Texas Medical Association.
In 2011, Hunter co-sponsored picture identification of voters casting a ballot; the measure finally took effect in October 2013 and was used widely without incident in the primaries on March 4, 2014.
81st Legislative session.
During the 81st Legislative Session, Hunter served as chairman of the House Committee on Judiciary and Civil Jurisprudence. He was at the time the only new member (returning after a twelve-year hiatus) named as a chairperson. He oversaw a committee with jurisdiction over all appellate courts in the state, including the Texas Supreme Court and the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals. Hunter also served on the Insurance and the General Investigating and Ethics Committees. Hunter was also named to the House Select Committee on Transportation Funding and was Co-chairman of the joint committee on Redistricting and Judiciary and Civil Jurisprudence.
During the 81st session, Hunter received the James Madison Award presented from the Freedom of Information Foundation of Texas for his work on the "Free Flow of Information Act." The Associated Builders and Contractors, Inc., gave him its "Free Enterprise Champion Award". The Texas Medical Association’s named him recipient of its "Friend of Medicine Award." The Texas Civil Justice League presented Hunter with its "Jobs for Texas Award." He was also cited by the Combined Law Enforcement Associations of Texas and Central Texas Citizens Against Lawsuit Abuse.
71st-75th Legislative sessions.
During his 1988 to 1997 tenure in the legislature, Hunter served as chairman of the House Committee on Civil Practices and was a key player in important issues, such as tort reform and education. He served on numerous other important House committees, including the Ways and Means, Elections, Calendars, Urban Affairs and Higher Education committees. Additionally, Hunter served on the Appropriations Committee for two terms and was named chairman of the Subcommittee on Education and vice chairman of the State Affairs Committee.
The "Corpus Christi Caller-Times" named him its "Newsmaker of the Year" in 1996. The Harte-Hanks newspapers rated him one of the "Best of the Best" legislators. He was given an honorable mention by "Texas Monthly" magazine and was cited as one of the five legislators who had a “career year”.
Hunter was instrumental in passing legislation that made Texas A&M University - Corpus Christi a four-year university. He co-sponsored the Tuition Revenue Bond Bill and worked for passage of legislation to give statutory existence to the Texas Coastal Ocean Observation Network (TCOON). He was the author of the bill creating a Distance Learning Master Plan for Texas colleges and universities. He sponsored a bill protecting the privacy of boat and outboard motor owners. The new law requires written, rather than oral, request for information from the Texas Parks and Wildlife Department.
Hunter obtained passage of windstorm insurance reform legislation in 1991 and 1993 and slab foundation reform legislation in 1995. He passed legislation allowing Gulf Coast counties to use part of the hotel-motel tax it generates for promotion of tourism and was responsible for a law that transferred the state beach cleaning funds to the General Land Office.

</doc>
<doc id="31026176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026176" title="Arthur Gooch">
Arthur Gooch

Arthur Gooch may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31026195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026195" title="Tac-tac">
Tac-tac

Tac-tac is a 1982 Mexican film. It was directed by Luis Alcoriza.

</doc>
<doc id="31026201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026201" title="El amor es un juego extraño">
El amor es un juego extraño

El amor es un juego extraño ("Love is a Strange Game") is a 1983 Mexican film. It was directed by Luis Alcoriza.

</doc>
<doc id="31026202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026202" title="HMIS Cornwallis (L09)">
HMIS Cornwallis (L09)

HMIS "Cornwallis" (L09) was an "Aubretia" class sloop, originally built during World War I and commissioned as HMS "Lychnis" in the Royal Navy (RN) in 1917. She was transferred to the Royal Indian Marine (RIM) and commissioned as "Cornwallis" in 1921.
She served during World War II in the Royal Indian Navy (RIN), the successor to the RIM. Her pennant number was changed to U09 in 1940. Although originally built as a minesweeper, she was primarily used as a convoy escort during the war. She was scrapped soon after the end of the war.
History.
HMS "Lychnis" was ordered in December 1916 as a part of the Emergency War Programme of World War I from William Hamilton and Company, Port Glasgow and was launched on 21 August 1917. She commissioned in 1917.
Following the end of the war, she was transferred to the Royal Indian Marine and commissioned as HMIS "Cornwallis". In 1934, RIM was renamed Royal Indian Navy. During World War II, she was a part of the Eastern Fleet. She escorted numerous convoys in the Indian Ocean 1942-45.
She was decommissioned and scrapped in 1946, soon after the end of the war.

</doc>
<doc id="31026216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026216" title="Terror y encajes negros">
Terror y encajes negros

Terror y encajes negros ("Terror and Black Lace") is a 1985 Mexican film directed by Luis Alcoriza.

</doc>
<doc id="31026217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026217" title="Per Christian Hemmer">
Per Christian Hemmer

Per Christian Møller Hemmer (born 14 May 1933) is a Norwegian physicist.
He was born in Tromøy as a son of Alv Kristiansen and Hilda Møller. He married Ellen Vorvik in 1955.
He became a student in 1951 and graduated from the Norwegian Institute of Technology in 1956. He took the doctorate already in 1959, and was a research fellow at the University of Copenhagen from 1959 and the Rockefeller University from 1961. He led a project in Oslo between 1963 and 1965, was appointed as docent at the Norwegian Institute of Technology in 1969 and promoted to professor in theoretical physics in 1969. He was a member of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters from 1966 and the Norwegian Academy of Technological Sciences from 1967. He was vice president of the International Union of Pure and Applied Physics from 1984 to 1990. He has also contributed to the use of Norwegian language in university physics education, by writing introductory text books in both thermal physics and quantum mechanics that are used at NTNU and elsewhere.[http://sittapir.sit.no/produkt/9788251920285/kvantemekanikk]

</doc>
<doc id="31026218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026218" title="Cordata">
Cordata

Cordata, a Latin adjective meaning heart-shaped, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31026221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026221" title="Life Is Most Important">
Life Is Most Important

Life Is Most Important () is a 1987 Mexican drama film directed by Luis Alcoriza. It was entered into the 15th Moscow International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="31026223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026223" title="1896 Wimbledon Championships – Ladies' Singles">
1896 Wimbledon Championships – Ladies' Singles

Alice Pickering defeated Edith Austin 4–6, 6–3, 6–3 in the All Comers' Final, and then the reigning champion Charlotte Cooper defeated Alice Pickering 6–2, 6–3 in the Challenge Round to win the Ladies' Singles tennis title at the 1896 Wimbledon Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="31026224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026224" title="Día de muertos">
Día de muertos

Día de muertos ("Day of the Dead") is a 1988 Mexican film. It was directed by Luis Alcoriza.

</doc>
<doc id="31026229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026229" title="La sombra del ciprés es alargada">
La sombra del ciprés es alargada

La sombra del ciprés es alargada ("The Shadow of the Cypress is Long") is a 1990 Mexican film. It was directed by Luis Alcoriza. It is based on the book of the same name, written by Miguel Delibes.

</doc>
<doc id="31026230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026230" title="HC Valpellice">
HC Valpellice

HC Valpellice Bulldogs is a professional ice hockey team in Italy. The team plays in the country's top division, Serie A1. Serie A is also sponsored by the hockey brand "Reebok" providing players with free equipment.

</doc>
<doc id="31026241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026241" title="El ahijado de la muerte">
El ahijado de la muerte

El ahijado de la muerte ("The Godson of Death") is a 1946 Mexican film. It was the first film to be written by Luis Alcoriza.

</doc>
<doc id="31026242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026242" title="Clifford Sanderson">
Clifford Sanderson

Air Marshal Sir (Alfred) Clifford Sanderson KBE, CB, DFC (19 February 1898 – 28 January 1976) was a British Royal Air Force officer who became Air Officer Commanding Far East Air Force.
RAF career.
Educated at Dulwich College, Sanderson joined the Royal Flying Corps in 1916 during World War I. He transferred to the newly formed Royal Air Force at the end of the War and was made Officer Commanding No. 19 Squadron in 1931. He was appointed Station Commander at RAF Ramlah in 1938 and served in World War II as Senior Air Staff Officer at Headquarters RAF Palestine and Transjordan and then at RAF Mediterranean before becoming Air Officer Administration at Air Headquarters Egypt. He continued his war service as Director of War Organisation and then as Director of Administrative Plans at the Air Ministry. He was seriously injured in an air crash in February 1945.
After the War he was appointed Air Officer Commanding Air Headquarters Burma and then Air Officer Administration at Headquarters Air Command Far East. He went on to be Air Officer Commanding Air Headquarters Malaya in 1948 and Director-General of Personnel at the Air Ministry in 1949. He became Air Officer Commanding Far East Air Force in 1952 before retiring in 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="31026243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026243" title="Keith &amp; Tex">
Keith &amp; Tex

Keith & Tex were the Jamaican rocksteady duo of Keith Rowe and Texas Dixon, best known for their 1967 hit "Stop That Train".
History.
Keith Rowe (born Keith Barrington Rowe) grew up in the Washington Gardens area of Saint Andrew Parish, across the road from Lee "Scratch" Perry's home and future studio, on the outskirts of Kingston. He was introduced to Dixon, who was from the same area, and formed a duo. They soon began auditioning for local producers but were rejected by Prince Buster, Coxsone Dodd and Duke Reid, eventually finding success with Derrick Harriott. Working with Harriott, they recorded a series of singles in the late 1960s, including "Stop That Train" (a cover of The Spanishtonians' ska hit), "Tonight", "This Is My Song", "Don't Look Back" (a cover of The Temptations' song), and "Let Me Be the One". They ceased working together in 1970 with both emigrating with their families - Rowe to The United States and Dixon to Canada. Rowe joined the US Army in 1972, staying in for twenty years, but also found time for music, recording as a solo artist, working with producer Lee "Scratch" Perry, releasing tracks such as "Groovy Situation" and "Living My Life", and recording further singles in the US, including a few on his own KEBAR label. 
Rowe and Dixon reunited for some live shows and released a new album in 1997. Rowe later presented the "Sounds of the Caribbean" radio show on WBZC.
Their version of "Stop That Train" formed the basis of deejay Scotty's "Draw Your Brakes", which featured in the film "The Harder They Come", and Big Youth's "Cool Breeze".

</doc>
<doc id="31026244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026244" title="Una extraña mujer">
Una extraña mujer

Una extraña mujer ("The Strange Woman") is a 1947 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza.

</doc>
<doc id="31026247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026247" title="Nocturno de amor">
Nocturno de amor

Nocturno de amor ("Evening of Love") is a 1948 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza.

</doc>
<doc id="31026251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026251" title="Enrédate y verás">
Enrédate y verás

Enrédate y verás ("Get Involved and See") is a 1948 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza.

</doc>
<doc id="31026252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026252" title="Flor de caña">
Flor de caña

Flor de caña ("Sugarcane Flower") is a 1948 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza.

</doc>
<doc id="31026259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026259" title="Negra consentida">
Negra consentida

Negra consentida ("Black Consenting") is a 1949 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza.

</doc>
<doc id="31026260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026260" title="Roll Up">
Roll Up

"Roll Up" is a song by American rapper Wiz Khalifa. It was released as the second single from his debut studio album, "Rolling Papers"; having been written by Wiz Khalifa, and Stargate.
The song debuted at number forty-eight on the "Billboard" Hot 100, and has currently peaked at number thirteen, becoming Khalifa's fourth-highest charting single behind "Black and Yellow", "No Sleep", and "Young, Wild & Free". It has now sold over 1,000,000 digital copies in the US alone.
American recording artist and model Cassie Ventura is featured on the official music video. The video was shot in Venice, Los Angeles at Venice Beach.
Critical reception.
"Billboard" gave the song a positive review, writing: "While 'Roll Up' is a noticeable change from Wiz Khalifa's previous releases, the tune's laid-back emotional vibe is an appreciated left turn." Maura Johnston of Popdust described "Roll Up" as "a breezy romantic ode" and continued, saying "The sing-song chorus, in which Wiz promises to 'roll up' whenever his woman wants him, isn't great, and it may have a popularity hiccup among those people who can appreciate the song’s sentiment but who aren’t ready to listen to it when their significant others are around. But it’s pretty infectious." Less appreciative, Lewis Corner of Digital Spy gave the song a three-star rating out of five and commented: "it unfortunately lacks the knockout hooks that its predecessor ["Black and Yellow"] so effortlessly flaunted - sounding more like a Nelly cast-off circa 2002 than a modern-day hip-hop classic."
Live performances.
Khalifa performed a short version "Roll Up" followed by "Black and Yellow" at the 2011 MTV Woodie Awards in March 2011. He later performed the song on the "Late Show with David Letterman" on April 11, 2011 and on "Jimmy Kimmel Live" in May 2011. The song was part of his 49-minute set during the final day of the 2011 Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival. He also sang it at Bumbershoot in September 2011.
Cover versions.
"Roll Up" was covered by Canadian indie band Walk off the Earth. The Ready Set recorded a cover of the song for the compilation album "Punk Goes Pop 4".

</doc>
<doc id="31026262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026262" title="Los amores de una viuda">
Los amores de una viuda

Los amores de una viuda ("The Loves of a Widow") is a 1949 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza.

</doc>
<doc id="31026264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026264" title="Un cuerpo de mujer">
Un cuerpo de mujer

Un cuerpo de mujer ("A Woman's Body") is a 1949 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza.

</doc>
<doc id="31026269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026269" title="Tú, solo tú">
Tú, solo tú

Tú, solo tú ("You, Only You") is a 1950 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza.

</doc>
<doc id="31026271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026271" title="La liga de las muchachas">
La liga de las muchachas

La liga de las muchachas ("The League of Girls") is a 1950 Mexican film. It was written by, and stars, Luis Alcoriza.

</doc>
<doc id="31026277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026277" title="Mala hembra">
Mala hembra

Mala hembra ("Poor Female") is a 1950 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza.

</doc>
<doc id="31026278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026278" title="Si me viera don Porfirio">
Si me viera don Porfirio

Si me viera don Porfirio ("If I Were Mr. Porfirio") is a 1950 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza.

</doc>
<doc id="31026279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026279" title="Huellas del pasado">
Huellas del pasado

Huellas del pasado ("Footprints of the House") is a 1950 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza.

</doc>
<doc id="31026280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026280" title="Stefan Sarnowski">
Stefan Sarnowski

Stefan Sarnowski (born in 1939) is a Polish philosopher working as professor at Kazimierz Wielki University in Bydgoszcz.
Biography.
Stefan Sarnowski graduated from University of Warsaw, and in 1964 obtained his magister degree for the work "Marksizm i darwinizm w etyce Kautskiego" (Marxism and Darwinism in Kautski’s ethics), with Marek Fritzhand being the supervisor. After receiving his doctorate, Stefan Sarnowski started working as adjunct at the same university.

</doc>
<doc id="31026281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026281" title="La hija del engaño">
La hija del engaño

La hija del engaño (English: The Daughter of Deceit) is a 1951 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza and directed by Luis Buñuel.
Plot.
Fernado Soler, plays Don Quintin, a man who is always having economic problems. One day he comes home to find his wife in bed with another man. He begins having doubts about the paternity of his daughter and decides to leave. Years later he decides to find her.

</doc>
<doc id="31026284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026284" title="Los enredos de una gallega">
Los enredos de una gallega

Los enredos de una gallega ("The Entanglements of a Galician") is a 1951 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza.

</doc>
<doc id="31026286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026286" title="Canasta uruguaya">
Canasta uruguaya

Canasta uruguaya ("Uruguayan Basket") is a 1951 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza.

</doc>
<doc id="31026289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026289" title="Anillo de compromiso">
Anillo de compromiso

Anillo de compromiso ("Engagement Ring") is a 1951 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza.

</doc>
<doc id="31026290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026290" title="Hambre nuestra de cada día">
Hambre nuestra de cada día

Hambre nuestra de cada día ("Our Daily Hunger") is a 1952 Mexican drama film. It was directed by Rogelio A. González and written by Luis Alcoriza. It was entered into the 1st Moscow International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="31026292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026292" title="Carne de presidio">
Carne de presidio

Carne de presidio ("Meat in Prison") is a 1952 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza.

</doc>
<doc id="31026293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026293" title="Miloš Macourek">
Miloš Macourek

Miloš Macourek (2 December 1926, Kroměříž – 30 September 2002, Prague) was a Czech poet, playwright, author and screenwriter.
Biography.
During his career, Macourek worked in various professions. From 1953 to 1960, he was a teacher of the art history; later he worked as a dramaturgist at the Barrandov Film Studios. He created children books, TV series and film comedies.

</doc>
<doc id="31026301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026301" title="No te ofendas, Beatriz">
No te ofendas, Beatriz

No te ofendas, Beatriz ("No Offence, Beatriz") is a 1953 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza.

</doc>
<doc id="31026306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026306" title="La ilusión viaja en tranvía">
La ilusión viaja en tranvía

La ilusión viaja en tranvía (English: Illusion Travels by Streetcar) is a 1954 Mexican film, written by Luis Alcoriza and directed by Luis Buñuel.

</doc>
<doc id="31026307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026307" title="La visita que no tocó el timbre">
La visita que no tocó el timbre

La visita que no tocó el timbre ("The Visit That Does Not Ring the Bell") is a 1954 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza.

</doc>
<doc id="31026308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026308" title="Sombra verde">
Sombra verde

Sombra verde ("Green Shade") is a 1954 Mexican film written by Luis Alcoriza.

</doc>
<doc id="31026310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026310" title="Radio Eden">
Radio Eden

Radio Eden is a 24-hour radio network that primarily focuses on Christian programming. It is a satellite-only digital radio service based in Wombwell, near Barnsley in the UK. Programming consists of a repeating schedule of pre-recorded material from different Christian and secular broadcast sources.
History.
Radio Eden launched on satellite Eurobird 9A covering Europe and parts of the Middle East and North Africa in November 2008.
In February 2010 the station expanded further into the Middle East, Africa and into Asia with C band coverage on the Intelsat 10 satellite.
In June 2010 further coverage was added via the Galaxy 19 satellite over North America.
In July 2010 the station joined the Glorystar programme guide.

</doc>
<doc id="31026314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026314" title="...Y mañana serán mujeres">
...Y mañana serán mujeres

...Y mañana serán mujeres () is a 1955 Mexican drama film directed by Alejandro Galindo. It was written by Luis Alcoriza. The film credited for being one of the earliest films in Mexican cinema to exploit emerging popular music in the 1950s.

</doc>
<doc id="31026316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026316" title="La vida no vale nada">
La vida no vale nada

La vida no vale nada ("Life is Worth Nothing") is a 1955 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza and directed by Rogelio A. González.

</doc>
<doc id="31026322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026322" title="El río y la muerte">
El río y la muerte

El río y la muerte (English: The River and Death) is a 1955 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza and directed by Luis Buñuel.

</doc>
<doc id="31026331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026331" title="El rey de México">
El rey de México

El rey de México ("The King of Mexico") is a 1956 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza.
Plot.
A local radio station decides to try out an experiment and offers the first homeless man that walks by the chance of becoming a millionaire for a day. The fortunate man, portrayed by the Mexican comedian, Adalberto Martinez, a.k.a. Resortes, sleeps with other homeless people on the floor of a shelter. After living a day of luxury, he returns to the shelter to tell his friends that the life of a millionaire was not much different from their own; they ate, slept and worked whenever they wanted. The only difference was that the rich had ulcers. The moral of this story is that not all that glitters is gold and that sometimes you dream of having something and when you get it, it’s not what you had expected.

</doc>
<doc id="31026333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026333" title="El inocente">
El inocente

El inocente ("The Innocent") is a 1956 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza. After a quarrel with her boyfriend on New Year's Eve, Mane (Pinal) drives her car from Mexico City to 
Cuernavaca to meet her parents in their country house. The car breaks down in the highway and Mane has to ask for help. Mechanic Cruci (Infante) arrives and, after testing the car, offers Mane a ride on his motorcycle. Back in Mane's house, she invites him some drinks to celebrate New Year's Eve. They get drunk and, the morning after, Mane's parents arrive and find them sleeping together. Not knowing what happened, Mane and Cruci are forced to get married against their will. 

</doc>
<doc id="31026336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026336" title="La muerte en este jardín">
La muerte en este jardín

La muerte en este jardín ("The Death in the Garden") is a 1956 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza.

</doc>
<doc id="31026342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026342" title="Karl Alm">
Karl Alm

Karl Adolf Alm (4 January 1919 – 23 November 1944) was a highly decorated Major in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. Karl Alm was killed on 23 November 1944. He was posthumously promoted to Major.

</doc>
<doc id="31026346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026346" title="Tom Fleming (Irish politician)">
Tom Fleming (Irish politician)

Tom Fleming is an Irish independent politician. He was elected at the 2011 general election to Dáil Éireann as a Teachta Dála (TD) for Kerry South. 
Fleming is a former Fianna Fáil member of Kerry County Council, and was first elected to the council at the 1985 local elections, as a Fianna Fáil councillor for the Killarney electoral area. He retained his seat at the 1999, 2004 and 2009 local elections. He was an unsuccessful Fianna Fáil candidate for Kerry South at the 2002 and 2007 general elections.
He and fellow Councillor Michael Cahill left Fianna Fáil on 12 January 2011. He contested the Kerry South constituency at the 2011 general election as an independent candidate, winning a seat. He is part of the Dáil Technical group which gives independents and minor parties more speaking time in Dáil debates.

</doc>
<doc id="31026347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026347" title="Morir de pie">
Morir de pie

Morir de pie ("Die Standing") is a 1957 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza.

</doc>
<doc id="31026349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026349" title="Emma Dodd">
Emma Dodd

Emma Dodd (born 1969) is an English illustrator and author. She is best known for her award-winning children's books published by Orchard Books, Templar Publishing, Penguin Books, Macmillan Publishers (United States), Simon and Schuster, HarperCollins (US) and Scholastic Corporation (US and UK).
Biography.
Emma Dodd was born in 1969 in Guildford, Surrey, the daughter of designers Robert Dodd and Fay Hillier. She attended Tormead School, Kingston Polytechnic, where she did a Foundation Course in Art and Design, and then Central Saint Martins College of Art and Design, London graduating in graphic design and illustration in 1992.
During the early part of her career, Emma worked in advertising and editorial, for clients including Volvo, BMW, Pentagram (NYC and London), Royal Botanic Gardens (Kew), The Guardian, The Observer, Sunday Express and She Magazine.
At the same time, she began to illustrate children’s books. Today, illustrating and writing children's picture books is the focus of Emma’s career.
Emma Dodd illustrated the award-winning "Amazing Baby" series for Templar, was selected as a winner in the 2010 Booktrust Early Years Awards for "I Love My Mummy", written by Giles Andreae (Purple Ronnie) and is nominated for the 2011 Kate Greenaway Medal for her book, "I Love Bugs".
Emma Dodd lives in Surrey with her husband, two children and their dog Buzz.
Among Emma’s favourite things in life are surfing with her kids, punctuality, red lipstick and Scrabble.
Bibliography.
2014
"Foxy in Love" Harper Collins 2014
"I Love You Baby" Orchard Books 2014
"The Entertainer" Templar Publishing May 2014
"I Love Dogs" re-issue Orchard Books 2014
"I Love Cats" re-issue Orchard Books 2014 
2013
"I Love you Father Christmas" Orchard Books 2013
"When You Were Born", Templar Publishing Nov 2013
"Forever", Templar Publishing May 2013
"Everything" Templar Publishing 2013
"Baby and Me" Nosy Crow March 2013
"I Love You" Orchard Books 2013
"Cinderelephant" Templar Publishing 2013
2012
"I Love Beasts" Orchard Books 2012
"Foxy" Harper Collins 2012
As illustrator.
2011
"I Love my Daddy", Orchard Books, written by Giles Andreae
"Roman Rescue", Templar Publishing, written by K.A. Gerrard
2010
"I Love my Mummy", 2010, Orchard Books, written by Giles Andreae
As author and illustrator.
2011
"I Love All Beasts... Great and Small Beasts", Orchard Books
2010
"You...," Templar Publishing
"Me...," Templar Publishing
"I Love Bugs", Orchard Books (nominated for 2011 Kate Greenaway Medal)
"Dot and Dash are Dressing Up", Scholastic Corporation
"Dot and Dash Go To Bed", Scholastic Corporation
"Dot and Dash Learn To Count", Scholastic Corporation
"Desert Discovery", Campbell Books
"Jungle Hide and Seek", Campbell Books
2009
"I Don't Want a Cool Cat", Orchard Books
"Miaow said the Cow", Templar Publishing (shortlisted for the 2009 Booktrust Early Years Awards)
"Dot and Dash Love To Play", Scholastic Corporation
"Dot and Dash Find a Friend", Scholastic Corporation
"Dot and Dash Learn to Share", Scholastic Corporation
"Dot and Dash Eat their Dinner", Scholastic Corporation
"Dot and Dash Make and Do", Scholastic Corporation
"Dot and Dash at the Beach", Scholastic Corporation
"Messy Fingers", Campbell Books
2008
"I Don't Want a Posh Dog", Orchard Books
"Little Croc", Campbell Books
"Little Pup", Campbell Books
"Best Bear", Gullane Books
2007
"I thought I saw a Dinosaur", Templar Publishing
"Sometimes...," Templar Publishing
"When...," Templar Publishing
2006
"What Pet to Get?," Templar Publishing (shortlisted for the 2006 Booktrust Early Years Awards)
Awards.
Booktrust Early Years Awards 2010, "I Love My Mummy" (Orchard Books, written by Giles Andreae)
Peter's Picture Book of the Year 2013 "Cinderelephant" (Templar Publishing)

</doc>
<doc id="31026350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026350" title="A media luz los tres">
A media luz los tres

A media luz los tres is a 1958 Mexican film directed by Julián Soler. It was written by Luis Alcoriza.

</doc>
<doc id="31026354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026354" title="Malachius bipustulatus">
Malachius bipustulatus

Malachius bipustulatus, the malachite beetle, is a species of soft-winged flower beetles belonging to the family Melyridae subfamily Malachiinae. 
These beetles are mainly present in Austria, Bulgaria, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Hungary, Italy, Poland, Sweden and in former Yugoslavia.
The body is long, the head and pronotum are brownish, while elytrae are shining metallic green with a bright red spot at the end. Along the sides of the abdomen this species has a peculiar structure with orange poaches.
These beetles mainly inhabit meadows at low altitudes. During the day they stay on herbs and flowers, including flowers of garden plants, mainly on Apiaceae, Asteraceae and Rosaceae species, where they feed on pollen, nectar and small insects. 
In case of necessity, this beetle can release a smell that deters predators. The males attract females producing special secretions from its antennae.
"Malachius bipustulatus" is an insect with a complete metamorphism, or (holometabolism), with four life stages (egg, larva, pupa and imago or adult). The pupal stage is a period of rest, when inner and outer bodies change.
The larvae and the adults largely differ in physique and lifestyle. The larvae usually live under bark, in old wood or on the ground in grass roots, hunting small insects, larvae and slugs.

</doc>
<doc id="31026357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026357" title="Escuela de rateros">
Escuela de rateros

Escuela de rateros ("School of Thieves") is a 1958 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza.

</doc>
<doc id="31026362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026362" title="El cariñoso">
El cariñoso

El cariñoso ("The Loving") is a 1959 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza.

</doc>
<doc id="31026363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026363" title="El hombre de alazán">
El hombre de alazán

El hombre de alazán ("The Man of Chestnut") is a 1959 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza.

</doc>
<doc id="31026365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026365" title="Los ambiciosos">
Los ambiciosos

Los ambiciosos ("The Ambitious") is a 1959 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza. In a Latin America's imaginary country, a prison chief is murdered. He's assistant Ramón Vázquez took his role while a new chief arrives. Vázquez and idealist, took advantage of this opportunity to improve the prisoners conditions and seduce the last chief's widow, Inés.

</doc>
<doc id="31026370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026370" title="Georgian general election, 1992">
Georgian general election, 1992

General elections were held in Georgia on 11 October 1992, in which voters elected both the Parliament and the Chairman of Parliament, who also acted as Head of State as the President, Zviad Gamsakhurdia, was in exile after being outsted in a coup in January. Independent candidate Eduard Shevardnadze was the only candidate in the election for Head of State, whilst the Peace Bloc won the most seats in Parliament. Voter turnout was 74.2%.

</doc>
<doc id="31026373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31026373" title="El toro negro">
El toro negro

El toro negro ("The Black Bull") is a 1959 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza.

</doc>
