<doc id="30967841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967841" title="Spencer Susser">
Spencer Susser

Spencer Susser is an American film director and screenwriter.
Susser is the only American member of the Australian filmmaking collective Blue-Tongue Films. His short film "I Love Sarah Jane", featuring Mia Wasikowska, won Best Narrative Short at the 2008 Nashville Film Festival, the Reel Frontier Merit Award at the Arizona International Film Festival, and the Canal+ Award at the Clermont-Ferrand International Short Film Festival. Susser co-wrote the project with David Michôd. In February 2011, it was reported that Susser is developing a feature-length film based on the short.
Susser co-directed the music video for Lana Del Rey's song "Summertime Sadness" with Kyle Newman.
His feature film debut "Hesher" stars Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Natalie Portman. It appeared at the 2010 Sundance Film Festival and was released in the United States on May 13, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="30967848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967848" title="Will Robinson (rugby league)">
Will Robinson (rugby league)

Will Robinson is an Australian rugby league player who played professionally in England and Australia.
Playing career.
Robinson started his career with the Balmain Tigers in 1990, debuting against Newcastle. In 1992 Robinson played for the Australian Aboriginies in the 1992 Pacific Cup. He was named in the team of the tournament, on the bench. Usually a five eighth or halfback in 1994, his final season with the Tigers, he moved into the centres.
He then spent two seasons with the South Sydney Rabbitohs, also playing at hooker. Robinson spent 1997 and 1998 with the Illawarra Steelers.
Robinson then moved to England, spending 1999 with the Gateshead Thunder before joining Hull for the 2000 season.
Robinson then returned to his hometown of Coonabarabran where he led the Unicorns to its inaugural Group 4 First Grade Premiership victory over the North Tamworth Bears in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="30967888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967888" title="While Europe Slept">
While Europe Slept

While Europe Slept: How Radical Islam is Destroying the West from Within is a 2006 book by Bruce Bawer. It was Bawer's second book dealing with the issue of religious fundamentalism, following his earlier "Stealing Jesus: How Fundamentalism Betrays Christianity", a critique of fundamentalist Christianity published in 1998.
"While Europe Slept" argues that Europe's democratic traditions and open society face a growing demographic and cultural threat from Europe's Muslim immigrant communities, who according to Bawer reject Enlightenment values and resist integration. Bawer blames this trend primarily on an alleged "self-destructive passivity" among Europeans, whom he regards as "appeasing" essentially incompatible philosophies like radical Islam in the name of religious tolerance. Bawer compares this approach unfavorably with what he sees as a more robust American tradition which proudly asserts its values and expects immigrants to adopt them.
The book received mixed reviews, with some strongly supporting its arguments while others rejected or even ridiculed them. Some felt the book raised important questions but failed to adequately make its case.
The book received a 2006 nomination in the "Criticism" category from the National Book Critics Circle, a choice which was met with condemnation from two former members of the organization.
Book summary.
"While Europe Slept" advances two central arguments: firstly, that Europe faces a growing cultural and demographic threat from its Muslim immigrant population; and secondly, that Europe's political and intellectual leadership is exacerbating the threat by failing to encourage immigrants to fully integrate into the wider society. Bawer's argument is summarized by one of the book's reviewers thus:
European governments subscribe to the "worst kind of political correctness", Bawer writes. From Norway to Italy, governments shower immigrants with benefits, yet corral them into ghettos, prevent them from becoming real citizens and turn a blind eye to Muslim attacks on women, Jews and gays, he says.
Bawer hints at a coming cataclysm. "Immigrants to Europe bring with them many tribal customs that are flagrantly inconsistent with a Western understanding of human rights", he writes. "These customs represent flashpoints of latent or potential conflict between the Muslim immigrant communities and their host societies." 
Bawer blames the problem not only on Muslims, but on what he implies is a latent bigotry amongst Europeans, which leads them to marginalize and isolate immigrant communities in the name of multiculturalism. He compares this approach unfavorably with what he sees as the American "melting pot" tradition, in which immigrants are expected to adopt American values and fully integrate into the wider society.
Due to what he asserts is a rapidly growing Muslim demographic, Bawer foresees "a long twilight of Balkanization with Europe divided into warring pockets of Muslims and non-Muslims." Bawer warns that without a change of direction, Europe may eventually face a stark choice between "cultural surrender or full-fledged civil war."
Bawer also believes that anti-Americanism has led Europe to reject America's hard line on Islamic extremism and tolerate dangerous pockets of radical Islam in its midst:
"In the end, Europe's enemy is not Islam, or even radical Islam. Europe's enemy is itself—its self-destructive passivity, its softness toward tyranny, its reflexive inclination to appease, and its uncomprehending distaste for America's pride, courage, and resolve in the face of a deadly foe."
Critical reception.
According to "Public Eye" magazine, reviews of "While Europe Slept" were "easily sorted along ideological grounds", with conservatives generally praising the book while liberals repudiated it. Some critics suggested that the book raised important or timely questions, but criticized its methodology and/or conclusions.
In an article published in "The Wall Street Journal", Walter Laqueur writes that ""While Europe Slept" is an angry book, well written and well informed. And it could not, of course, be more timely." J. Peder Zane of the National Book Critics Circle wrote that the book offers "urgent prose that challenges widely held ideas" in addition to "provocative—and controversial—arguments". A review in "American Thinker" described the book as simply a "stunner" with "horrific" implications for the future of Europe.
Zane thinks the book "begs innumerable qualifications" when it bluntly states that "European Muslims are hostile to 'pluralism, tolerance, democracy and sexual equality'", but believes that Bawer addresses those qualifications. Zane suggests that Bawer, who is openly gay, is concerned about what could happen to European gay communities if Islamists succeed in establishing Sharia law that is hostile to homosexuals.
Although Zane believes that drawing conclusions based upon "anecdotes" "is always dicey", he concedes that "Bawer catalogs many incidents in which officials excuse Muslim rapists because their Western victims 'dressed provocatively,' attribute gay-bashing incidents to general anger at 'oppression' and anti-Semitic violence to Israel's treatment of the Palestinians."
Some reviewers strongly criticized the book. Denis Staunton wrote in "The Irish Times" that "Bawer will do anything to discover the dark side of Muslims in Europe, whom he accuses of everything from swindling the welfare system to supporting terrorists." Simon Kuper, in the "Financial Times", described the book's central "Eurabia" thesis as "ludicrous".
According to Kuper, Bawer's book, like others of its kind, "start with disclaimers that not all Muslims support terrorist jihad. This is then swiftly forgotten as the plans for jihad in Europe are outlined." Kuper rejects the claim that Muslims are any kind of demographic threat, asserting that Muslims comprise "less than 4 percent" of the EU population, and that their allegedly high birth rates are rapidly falling into line with that of other Europeans. Like a number of other reviewers, Kuper complains that Bawer's book is poorly documented: "Any source will do: Bawer cites , an Amsterdam taxi driver, a woman in a Swedish bar, or often no source at all." He concludes that the "target market" for such books "seems to be the US ... because hardly anybody who actually lives in Europe could take these dystopias seriously."
A review in "The Economist" suggests that Bawer's homosexuality "may have sensitized him to the clash brewing between immigrant communities, who by and large reject European attitudes toward women and sexuality, and native Europeans for whom such cultural liberalism has become a core value." Noting that Bawer "understands the importance" of distinguishing between moderate Muslims and radicals, "The Economist" continues:
"In practice, though, he seems incapable of maintaining the distinction for long. On one page, he approvingly quotes a Muslim liberal who says, “There's a big difference between a Muslim and an Islamist, just as big a difference as between a German and a Nazi.” A few pages later, he uses wildly exaggerated statistics to give warning that Muslim birth rates will soon turn Europe into “Eurabia”. The Muslim share of Switzerland's population is not an “astonishing 20%”, as Mr Bawer claims, but 4.3%, at least according to the 2000 Swiss census."
Steven Simon in "The Washington Post" argues that "the book usefully crystallizes, without undue distortion, the apprehensions of many Europeans about what has become a dire cultural predicament", but notes: "With not a single endnote and virtually no data other than the author's personal experiences and conversations, "While Europe Slept" is not going to ring scholarly chimes, and the spirits of Spengler and Churchill evoked by its overwrought title will alienate many specialists".
Writing in "The Boston Globe", Eric Weinberger offered more nuanced criticism. He finds the first part of the book "credible", arguing that Bawer's "claims are sometimes eccentric, but his critique of the EU and its elites is bracing and commonsensical". The second part, Weinberger characterizes as "alarmist in the way of good pamphlets: The argument is worth having, but any kind of prediction seems too pat. I say "pamphlet" because it is not truly a reporting project ... much of the book's facts, statistics, and quotations clearly come off the Internet." Weinberger also notes the book's lack of sourcing, observing that "There are no footnotes, no bibliography and few citations – strange for a critic trained as a scholar, and a pity, for startling facts require careful verification".
Award controversy.
"While Europe Slept" was nominated for the National Book Critics Circle Award in the 2006 "Criticism" category, a choice condemned in some quarters. The board's president, John Freeman, wrote that he had "never been more embarrassed by a choice than I have been with Bruce Bawer’s "While Europe Slept"", adding that in his opinion, Bawer's "hyperventilated rhetoric tips from actual critique into Islamophobia". A former winner of the Award, Eliot Weinberger, labelled the book "racism as criticism".
A member of the Critics Circle committee, J. Peder Zane, defended the nomination, stating that it "wasn't a contentious selection". Zane criticized comments made by Weinberger, saying "He not only was completely unfair to Bruce Bawer, he’s also saying that those of us who put the book on the finalist list are racist or too stupid to know we’re racist."
Bawer himself characterized the criticism as symptomatic of one of the very problems he had sought to address in the book:
"One of the most disgraceful developments of our time is that many Western authors and intellectuals who pride themselves on being liberals have effectively aligned themselves with an outrageously illiberal movement that rejects equal rights for women, that believes gays and Jews should be executed, that supports the coldblooded murder of one’s own children in the name of honor, etc., etc."
Bawer's book ultimately lost in its category to Lawrence Weschler's "Everything That Rises".

</doc>
<doc id="30967898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967898" title="MHS Aviation">
MHS Aviation

MHS Aviation Berhad, operating as MHS Aviation is a non-scheduled airline company based in Malaysia. Its main operation are mainly in the Oil and Gas industry, where their helicopters transport personnel to offshore rigs. Its main clients are Petronas, Shell, ExxonMobil and others. Other than Malaysia, they also operate overseas, such as Mauritania and Timor Leste. They are currently the largest share in offshore oil and gas helicopter market in Malaysia, with 70% held by them. MHS Aviation is a subsidiary of Boustead Group.
Fleet.
Former fleet:

</doc>
<doc id="30967908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967908" title="Karatash River">
Karatash River

The Karatash River (Koshan, Ku'shan Ho), is south of Kashgar in the Kongur Tagh Range, (also referred to as the 'Kongur Shan', or 'Kongur Alps'), of the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region of China. It runs from near the eastern side of the 'Old Karatash Pass' (which is about 30 km southeast of Karakul lake, to the east and then northerly through the small Khirghiz villages of Shargut, Chat, Chimgan and Khan-Terek, flowing out into the Taklamakan Desert about halfway between Kashgar and Yangi Hissar. 
"In a sense, the Karatash was very well-known historically, but only in its upper reaches. These lie on what seems to have been a standard trade route from Yarkand to Lake Karakul and beyond."
The lower gorges are very steep, narrow and rough. The British Consul-General in Kashgar, Clarmont P. Skrine, described them in a letter of 1922 as "mysterious and terrible." In the upper valley, near the village of Chat, a community surrounded by wheat fields, of about "three dozen mud-brick houses, a school and a sizeable 'club' whose veranda is decorated with wall paintings," the valley is quite open and easy to travel. The river is fordable just above Chat. 
Kongur Tagh.
The highest peak in the Kongur Shan is Kongur Tagh or Kongkoerh (; ) (also referred to as Kongur), 7,649 m (25,095 ft) , is the highest peak of the Kunlun Mountains in China, and the highest peak with its summit wholly within the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region. Sometimes it is considered to be a part of the Pamir Mountains.

</doc>
<doc id="30967927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967927" title="Archaeological Area of Poggio del Molino">
Archaeological Area of Poggio del Molino

The archaeological area of Poggio del Molino is situated on the northern side of a headland that acts as a watershed between the beach of Rimigliano in the north, and the gulf of Baratti in the south; to the northern border of the territory administered by the city of Piombino (Livorno). The structure of Roman age spreads over a high plateau of about 20 m asl which dominates, in the west, the stretch of a sea between San Vincenzo and Elba Island and to the east, the metalliferous hills and plains of the Campiglia lagoon.
The top of the hill is occupied by the beautiful Villa del Barone, built in 1923 by Baron Luigi De Stefano and Assunta Vanni Desideri, the daughter of Eugenio.
From a paper of the 16th century, the “Bandita di Porto Baratti”, and some archival documents we know that the Poggio owes its name to the mill which was a part of Torre Nuova (“Torre nuova del molino”), the building of coastal defense and a lookout built in the early sixteenth century by Cosimo I de' Medici, on the slopes of the promontory.
Prehistoric and Protohistoric Time.
The hill of Poggio del Molino has been inhabited since Prehistoric times, as indicated by the stone tools of the Middle and Upper Paleolithic Ages found at the ‘Villa del Barone’, on the eastern and southern side of the headland.
During the Bronze Age, at the same site, a village dated to the Late Bronze Age (XI-X secolo a.C.), flourished to which a necropolis was linked, between the ‘Villa del Barone’ and Poggio San Leonardo, where about fifty globular or biconical urns, dated to the proto-Villanovan facies, were found. The economic purpose of the community was connected to the mineral resources of the mountains of Campiglia (processing of copper and lead) and with marine activities (trade, fishing and shellfish harvesting). 
At the beginning of the Iron Age the population tended to concentrate around the Gulf of Baratti and the Poggio del Molino seemed to be uninhabited until at least the Republican Age.
Roman Age, from the Late Republican Age to the 2nd century CE.
During the 1st century BCE, coinciding with the gradual abandonment of the urban centre of Populonia, the number of archaeological records in the territories north of Baratti increased.
The eastern side of the hill is occupied by a mighty wall of stone and mortar which defines an almost square area used, at least in part, as workshop for iron smelting. Archaeological excavations in progress are bringing to light substantial deposits clearly related to metallurgical activities: tight sequences of layers rich in hematite, coal, ore, iron slag and plans made of burned clay. Some fragments of black slip pottery and a silver coin of "Calpurnius Piso", allow us to trace the craft back to the 1st century BCE. 
In the period between the end of the 1st century BCE and the 2nd century CE, yet to be determined with accuracy as it is a work in progress, in the northern sector of the settlement a workshop area for fish processing is established. In this area, some rectangular basins coated with hydraulic mortar ("cocciopesto") interpreted as "cetariae": (structures used for the salting of fish and production of "garum" and "salsamenta"), known throughout the Mediterranean Sea have been found.
Roman Age, the 3rd century CE.
At the end of the 2nd century CE the settlement of Poggio del Molino is fully restored: in the interior of the massive wall a villa with the characteristics of a luxury residence is built. Around a large open court (perhaps a garden with "peristilium"), in the southwest, there are residential rooms richly decorated with wall paintings and floor mosaics; until now two "cubicula" separated by a "triclinium" and interpreted as "hospitalia" have been excavated.
To the northwest side of the court there are the baths, whose supply provides a powerful raised tank, powered by a well which was probably connected to a supply system operated by a large wheel. The "tepidarium" and the "caldarium", the only rooms excavated so far, are also decorated with paintings and mosaics. To the north, along the escarpment overlooking the sea, a sort of belvedere developed to join the thermae and the hospitalia, which is equipped with basins and fountains.
To the south another open area stretched out, intended for craft activities, occupied in the center by a small square room, with a "cocciopesto" floor.
Roman Age, the 4th century CE.
At the beginning of the 4th century the rooms of the complex, though dilapidated, appear re-occupied: but life is now taking place in small rooms poorly built on the collapsed baths and even within the ruins of the hospitalia which are never rebuilt, which certainly takes away the luxuries of an urban residence. It is at this moment that it begin the production of iron artifacts, probably intended solely for personal use. Kitchenware, oil lamps and terra sigillata produced in Africa bear witness to the continuity of employment until the end of the 4th century, before the partial abandonment, perhaps as a result of Visigoth invasion.
The Late Antiquity, 5th – 7th century CE.
Even in the middle of the 5th century, a simple burial pit was dug in the rubble of one of the rooms of the "hospitalia", eating away at the mosaic floor.
In the 7th century, at the time of the Longobardian conquest, the ruins of the villa provide shelter to isolated sporadic groups of pastoralists and refugees.
The archaeological research.
The first systematic research on Poggio del Molino was conducted in the early seventies by volunteers of the Archaeological Association of Piombino; their intervention made it possible to clarify the dimensions of the archaeological site and the identification of the repeated destructive actions of looters.
Between 1984 and 1988 a team of archaeologists from the University of Florence, led by Professor Vincenzo Saladino, undertook the first systematic excavation of the villa. Although the investigations, in which the students of the Institute of Archaeology of Florence took part, had brought to light only a limited portion of the house, they allowed him to define the basic features associated with the arrangement of the settlement in the 3rd century.
After being abandoned for twenty years, a new season of archaeological excavations started in 2008, forming part of a research project led by the Superintendence for Archaeological Heritage in Tuscany, in collaboration with the University of Florence, and coordinated on the field by a team of archaeologists who belong to Archeodig Project supported by Earthwatch Institute [http://www.earthwatch.org and by the Cultural Association Past in Progress [http://www.pastinprogress.net].
The overall objective of the project is to contribute to the knowledge of the history of the territory of Populonia from the late Republican age to the early Middle Ages. The details of the life stages connected to the Roman occupation of this strip of the Tyrrhenian coast are still indeed, largely unknown.
The primary objective is to bring to light the monument in its entirety, to reconstruct its appearance in the various stages of life, from the Roman age to Late Antiquity, and to understand their relationships with the surrounding area (the sea, the lake at Rimigliano, the road system, the mines of Elba Island and Campiglia, etc.).
The Archaeological Museum of the territory of Populonia in Piombino has a section devoted to the Villa of Poggio del Molino, which displays a selection of materials collected during the excavations in the ‘80s. Some of the most significant findings which emerged in the course of ongoing investigations serve to enrich the Museum’s collection. In particular, since May 2010, two enormous blocks of stone with an inscription of numerals have been on display in the section of Roman epigraphy in the Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="30967935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967935" title="Persid Jember">
Persid Jember

Persid or Persid Jember or Persatuan Sepak Bola Indonesia Jember (en: "Football Association of Indonesia Boyolali") is an Indonesian football club based in Jember, East Java. Club played in Liga Indonesia First Division. 
Persid stadium named Notohadinegoro Stadium. Its location was in downtown Jember, East Java.
History.
These teams in 2007 playing in First Division after the 2002/2003 season won the Second Division Competition PSSI.
These teams also have produced several players who take part in football Indonesia, like Hendro Kartiko, Anton Wahyudi etc.
Persid prepare in PSSI First Division competition in 2008 with former players handled by Persebaya, Santoso Pribadi. Previous Persid several times failed to qualify for the Premier Division although often in the top standings in the group. With most of the original players and experience of doing business in Jember and experienced playing in the national football, even national goalkeeper Hendro Kartiko also never played together arek feel dirty in the era of 1996 ini.Persid expects to qualify for the 2011 Premier Division with a contracted coach Putut Wijanarko.

</doc>
<doc id="30967936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967936" title="Live Performance Feb. 85">
Live Performance Feb. 85

Live Performance Feb. 85 is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow. It was released by both Le Syndicat in France and Merzbow's own ZSF Produkt label. Despite the title, it was recorded at Merzbow's home studio. It was soon reissued on ZSF retitled "Nil Vagina Mail-Action". The reissue says that it was originally released as "Life Performance", but the original releases have it written "Live".
The title "Nil Vagina Mail-Action" was also used for a paper anti-record given away for free in 1986. It is a 12" paper disk printed with pink graphics on one side and the "Crocidura Dsi Nezumi" cover in brown on the reverse. It is listed as part of Merzbow's discography in the "Merzbook" and in "Studio Voice" magazine.
A "Nil Vagina tape loop" was used on "Solonoise 1" and "2", and "Lowest Music 2". Material from "Solonoise 2" and "Lowest Music 2" are included as "Nil Vagina Tape Loops" in the "Merzbox" (2000). An EP called "Nil Vagina for Mice" was released in 1993.
Notes.
reissue
Release history.
Both versions on ZSF Produkt were made with several different covers.

</doc>
<doc id="30967947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967947" title="List of lighthouses in India">
List of lighthouses in India

There are many lighthouses along the long coastline of India and in the associated islands. They are administered by the Directorate General of Lighhouses and Lightships, Government of India.
They are categorized for administrative reasons into nine districts: Gandhidham, Jamnagar, Mumbai, Goa, Kochi, Chennai, Visakhapatnam, Kolkata and Port Blair.
Andaman and Nicobar Islands.
Office located in Port Blair:
Andhra Pradesh.
Office located in Visakhapatnam:
Chennai district.
Office located in Chennai:
Goa.
Office located in Goa:
Kachchh district.
Office located in Gandhidham:
Kerala.
Office located in Kochi:
Kolkata.
Office located in Kolkata:
Mumbai.
Office located in Mumbai:

</doc>
<doc id="30967956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967956" title="Velakkara">
Velakkara

Velakkaras are royal guards mentioned in various historical accounts of Sri Lanka. The general prevailing notion is that they were Tamil mercenaries employed by the Sinhala and Tamil kings. They were considered to be loyal to the king, but occasionally rebelled against him as happened during the time of Vijayabahu.
Etymology.
"Velam" in Tamil means "the inner court" and probably these guards were elite and guarded the king and his family. Velam also could be the Sanskrit 'aham', both meaning the inner line of defence in a royal set up.

</doc>
<doc id="30967961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967961" title="Fort Row">
Fort Row

Fort Row, located on the south bank of the Verdigris River and east of the present town of Coyville, Kansas, was built in the fall of 1861, probably in October. It was built by the local mounted militia for their use. However, the fort became associated with one of the worst human tragedies of the Civil War.
The militia was formed in summer 1861 to defend the area against raids by Confederate guerrillas who operated in eastern Kansas. John R. Row, for whom the fort was named, was chosen as the militia's captain. The militia had seventy to eighty men when it was organized.
Fort Row was built in a very flat area allowing for a good view of the surrounding land. The river provided a good barrier, as the bank was very steep. Three log blockhouses were built, measuring sixteen by twenty-four feet each. A six-foot log stockade sourrounded three sides, with the river side being protected by the steep bank. An earthwork embankment was built along the stockade and rifle portholes were cut into the stockade walls. The stockade enclosed about a half acre of land.
The militia members stayed in the fort for the winter, keeping their horses inside the stockade. In the spring they abandoned Fort Row, when they joined the 9th Kansas Volunteers. Fort Row, however, is more well known for the fate of about 10,000 destitute Indians who arrived there in January 1862 seeking help to survive the harsh winter. 
Creek Indian leader Opothleyahola had a following of 12,000 to 13,000 in Indian Territory. Confederate leaders hoped he would join them, but he sought to keep his people on neutral ground and avoid the conflict of the Civil War. His plan for neutrality failed and in late 1861 the Creeks under him (defections to the Confederates cut his followers to about 9,000) and at least 2,600 Indians of other tribes headed for Fort Row.
The Indians fought Confederate forces twice, on December 26 suffering a devastating defeat forcing Opothleyahola's people to flee with next to nothing. Many were shoeless and many were naked or nearly so. They had no food and were forced to march 100 to 150 miles through snow and bitter cold before reaching Fort Row. The Creeks lost 2,000 to 3,000 on the way and more would have died, had they not eaten some of their dogs and ponies. The Indians expected help, but their numbers completely overwhelmed all efforts to help them.
In the middle of January 1862 the first groups of Indians, more than 2,000, arrived at the fort. Twenty to sixty Indians arrived per day until approximately 10,000 had arrived. In late January or early February, William G. Coffin, the regional superintendent for Indian affairs, arrived to help. He spent $10,000 for supplies, which quickly ran out. He managed to use credit to get more supplies and he and his son Oliver, who was assisting him, used their salaries to buy more goods.
At first the Army helped feed the Indians, but Coffin inherited the task of feeding the Indians by February. He obtained some help, which was still completely inadequate. Physicians attempted to help the starving and Indians and had to amputate many frostbitten limbs. The Indians attempted to hunt game, which was quickly depleted. Thousands of ponies and dogs died from starvation and lack of shelter and many of the dogs and ponies were eaten. At least 1,000 Indians died, including Opthleyahola's daughter, who died at Belmont, Kansas.
Many of the dead Indians were placed into hollow logs and trees. Since the ground was frozen, those who were buried were put into shallow graves hacked out of the ground. Probably most of the human and animal dead were never buried. When the weather warmed, a terrible stench hung in the air.
To alleviate the suffering, the Indians were over time moved to Fort Belmont and a U.S. Army post at LeRoy, Kansas (see LeRoy's post). Conditions were still harsh at Fort Belmont. A number of young Indian men were enlisted to fight for the Union from all three posts.
By the time Fort Row was abandoned in the spring, all the Indians had been moved elsewhere. Fort Row was never again used and eventually the buildings were destroyed by floods. For many years human and animal bones littered the surrounding countryside.

</doc>
<doc id="30967965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967965" title="George Longbottom">
George Longbottom

George Longbottom is an Australian rugby league player who played professionally for the South Sydney Rabbitohs.
Playing career.
Between 1983 and 1985 Longbottom played fourteen matches for the South Sydney Rabbitohs, scoring thirty-three points.
In 1992 he played for the Australian Aboriginies side in the Pacific Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="30967977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967977" title="BMW i">
BMW i

The BMW i is a sub-brand of BMW founded in 2011 to design and manufacture plug-in electric vehicles. The company's initial plans call for the release of two vehicles; the i3 all-electric car and the i8 plug-in hybrid. Concept versions of both these vehicles were shown at the 2009 Frankfurt Motor Show. Series production of the BMW i3 destined for retail customers began in September 2013, and the European market launch took place in November 2013 with the first retail deliveries in Germany.
History.
The first BMW i store opened in June 2012 at BMW’s London Park Lane showroom. The carmaker premiered an updated version of the BMW i3 concept electric car and unveiled its i Pedelec electric bicycle concept. On November 15, 2013, retail deliveries for the i3 began with a special ceremony in Munich.
Products.
BMW i3.
Design and Technology.
The BMW i3 is BMW's first zero emissions mass-produced vehicle, and the i3 is the first volume production vehicle on the market featuring carbon-fiber reinforced plastic. This vehicle gets its power from an electric motor powered by lithium-ion batteries. The i3 is built for everyday use, with an all-electric range of . BMW is offering a range extender (“REx”) option powered by a 647 cc two-cylinder gasoline engine with a fuel tank that engages when the battery level drops to a pre-specified point, acting purely as a generator to produce electricity to extend the range to about . 
Production.
BMW invested million to build a plant in Moses Lake, Washington to manufacture the carbon-fiber reinforced plastic used on the vehicles' body panels. The plant is located in an area that has large access to hydroelectric power. The carbon fiber is then shipped to Germany, where it first gets fabricated and is then shipped to the automotive production plant in Leipzig.
BMW i8.
The BMW i8 plug-in hybrid is the production version of the BMW Vision Efficient Dynamics concept unveiled at the 2009 Frankfurt Motor Show and has an all-electric range of . Production of both plug-in electric cars is scheduled to start in Leipzig in 2013. Powering the front wheels will be an electric motor (131 hp), while the rear wheels will make use of a 1.5-litre 3-cylinder gasoline engine (231 hp). Zero to 60 mph sprint timings are estimated to be less than 4.5 seconds using both power sources. The positioning of the motor and engine over the axles also makes it benefit from a 50/50 weight distribution.
The production version of the i8 was unveiled at the 2013 Frankfurt Motor Show. BMW plans to sell the i8 in about 50 countries, with the U.S. expected to be the largest sales market. In Europe, the UK, Germany and France are expected to be the top markets. Deliveries are scheduled to begin in the U.S. in the second quarter of 2014.
Life-Drive.
Both the i3 and i8 will benefit from BMW’s Life-Drive platform which makes use of light-weight materials. Both cars will come with an aluminum chassis, and in the case of the i8, the windshield, top, doors and fenders are made from polycarbonate glass, with the body having a drag coefficient of 0.26.

</doc>
<doc id="30967979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967979" title="Wooroonden State School">
Wooroonden State School

Wooroonden State School, was a one-teacher state school in the district of Wooroonden, in the Shire of Murgon, Queensland, Australia.
History.
On 14 October 1918, Woroon State School opened on land given to the government by Oscar Sidney Wallace, a section of whose property at the corner of Bradleys Road and Webbers Bridge Road, was a convenient location for a school. It became Woroonden State School in 1925 and closed at the end of 1963. A school bus run that had already begun for secondary school students, then transported both primary and secondary students into Murgon schools. After the closure of the school the grounds were renamed the Hughie Campbell Memorial Park.
Note: Woroonden was officially renamed Wooroonden in 2002, to end many years of both spellings being used.

</doc>
<doc id="30967981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967981" title="Gretchen Hoffman">
Gretchen Hoffman

Gretchen M. Hoffman (born April 1957) is a Minnesota politician and a member of the Minnesota Senate who represents District 10, which includes all or portions of Becker, Otter Tail and Wadena counties in the northwestern part of the state. A Republican, she is a registered nurse and a former small business owner.
Early life, education, and medical career.
Hoffman was born and raised in Fargo, North Dakota. She graduated from Fargo South High School and later completed her R.N. training. She has worked as a cardiac intensive care nurse, an emergency room nurse, a staff nurse, and a Chemotherapy and Oncology nurse. She currently sits on the board of directors of GPK Products, Inc., a family-owned manufacturer of PVC water and wastewater fittings. She also volunteers at a local Pro-Life Clinic as a receptionist and nurse. She is a member of the National Rifle Association.
Minnesota Senate.
2010 election.
She ran for the Minnesota Senate in the 10th district based in rural Northwest Minnesota. She defeated incumbent Democrat State Senator Dan Skogen 55%-45%.
Tenure.
On May 20, 2011, during a Health and Human Services budget debate, Hoffman tweeted: "#Sen Goodwin just called people with mental illness- idiots and imbeciles- while debating HHS bill #offensive #mndfl #mnsrc #mnleg". As a result of this tweet, which Senator Barb Goodwin called "mean-spirited" and a deliberate misrepresentation of her statement, an ethics complaint was filed against Hoffman by Senator Ann Rest. The Subcommittee on Ethical Conduct found that Hoffman's statement was "clearly misleading with respect to Goodwin's position regarding the public policy concerning the treatment of individuals with mental illnesses and disabilities" and ordered Hoffman to issue a written apology. On June 21, 2011, the complaint was dismissed by the Ethics Committee after she apologized to Goodwin, removed her original tweet and tweeted a link to the committee’s report on the case. 
Committee assignments.
Hoffman is currently a member of the Capital Investment, the Health and Human Services, the Judiciary and Public Safety, and the Taxes committees. Her special legislative concerns include taxes, health and human services, and E-12 education.
2012 congressional race.
After redistricting was completed and maps were released, Hoffman decided in February 2012 to run for in Minnesota's 7th congressional district against incumbent Democrat U.S. Congressman Collin Peterson, who represented Minnesota's 10th Senate District himself in the 1970s and 1980s. However, she was unsuccessful in earning the Republican Party's endorsement, which went to Lee Byberg. Byberg was defeated by Peterson in the general election on November 6, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="30967983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30967983" title="Die Bahnwelt">
Die Bahnwelt

Die Bahnwelt is a multi-directional Run and gun that was released for the Sharp X68000 in 1992 by Glodia.
Gameplay.
The player directly moves one character in three dimensions in an overhead perspective through science fiction themed dungeons. The player can shoot in eight directions. There are also different second characters that the player can indirectly control through AI. There are multiple weapons that can be collected that can be switched at will. There is a lifebar that regenerates if no damage is taken for a period of time. The game has a save system. The game also contains many anime cutscenes. There is an English fan translation available for this game. The game is currently freeware.

</doc>
<doc id="30968025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968025" title="Persipal Palu">
Persipal Palu

Persipal or Persipal Palu or Persatuan Sepak Bola Indonesia Palu (en: "Football Association of Indonesia Palu") is an Indonesian football club based in Palu, Central Sulawesi. Club played in Liga Indonesia First Division. 
Persipal stadium named Gawalise Stadium. Its location was in downtown Duyu Village, Districts of West Palu, Palu, Central Sulawesi.

</doc>
<doc id="30968026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968026" title="La Gaulette State Secondary School">
La Gaulette State Secondary School

La Gaulette State Secondary School ("commonly known as" LGSSS) is the last state school providing co-education' in Mauritius and is situated in La Gaulette Village in the South West of the country, Mauritius. It serves nearly 250 students annually. 

</doc>
<doc id="30968033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968033" title="Hong Kong legislative election, 1995">
Hong Kong legislative election, 1995

The 1995 Hong Kong Legislative Council general election for members of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong (LegCo) was held on 7 September 1995. It was the last legislative election of the colonial Hong Kong government before transferring Hong Kong's sovereignty to China two years later. The elections returned 20 members from directly elected geographical constituencies, 30 members from functional constituencies, and 10 members from elections committee.
Background.
The electoral bases were largely expanded under the 1994 Hong Kong electoral reform carried out by the last colonial governor Chris Patten as the last step of democratisation as following:
New nine functional constituencies with much larger eligible electorates was created to broaden the franchise to 2.7 millions new voters:
Overview.
The United Democrats of Hong Kong and the Meeting Point, the two major pro-democracy forces had founded the Democratic Party in 1994, while the pro-business legislators had formed the Liberal Party in 1993 and the Communist-controlled politicians established the Democratic Alliance for the Betterment of Hong Kong (DAB), today's largest political party.
Solicitor Ambrose Lau, in the direction of the New China News Agency founded the Hong Kong Progressive Alliance which consisted of mostly pro-business factor of the CCP's united front. Other grassroots leaders were also encouraged by the CCP to stand in the election against the pro-democracy camp.
Succeeding the last election in 1991, Democratic Party, together with other smaller parties, groups and independents in the pro-democracy camp, had another landslide victory again, getting 17 of the 20 geographical constituency seats. Allen Lee, the Chairman of the Liberal Party and the Appointed Member in the LegCo got elected in the geographical constituency direct election. The Chairman of the DAB, Jasper Tsang however got defeated by Bruce Liu of pro-democracy ADPL in Kowloon Central.
The Government of the People's Republic of China overthrew the promise of the "through train" (letting the members elected in the 1995 election travel safely through 1997 and beyond) and set up the Provisional Legislative Council in 1996, after the proposal package of electoral changes for the 1995 Legislative Council elections that was deemed unconstitutional by the PRC was passed in the Legislative Council. 

</doc>
<doc id="30968061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968061" title="Wayne Alberts">
Wayne Alberts

Wayne Alberts is an Australian rugby league player who played professionally for the Gold Coast-Tweed Giants.
Playing career.
In 1988 Alberts was in the inaugural side for the new Gold Coast-Tweed Giants franchise. He played in three other matches for the Giants that season.
In 1992 Alberts represented the Australian Aborigines side in the Pacific Cup. He was named in the team of the tournament at second row.

</doc>
<doc id="30968062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968062" title="Paul Gazelka">
Paul Gazelka

Paul E. Gazelka (born October 1959) is a Minnesota politician and member of the Minnesota Senate. A member of the Republican Party of Minnesota, he represents District 9, which includes all or portions of Cass, Morrison, Todd and Wadena counties in the north central part of the state. He is the owner of Paul Gazelka Insurance Agency.
Early life, education, and career.
Gazelka attended Roosevelt High School in Virginia, Minnesota, then went on to Oral Roberts University in Tulsa, Oklahoma, earning his B.S. in Business Management. He worked in various capacities with State Farm Insurance through the years as an agent, a manager and a field executive. Active in his community, he has served as president of the local Chamber of Commerce, president of the local Kiwanis Club, a school board chairman, a youth basketball coach, and a volunteer for Teen Challenge and Habitat for Humanity.
Minnesota House of Representatives.
Gazelka previously served in the Minnesota House of Representatives from 2005–2007, representing House District 12A, which included portions of Crow Wing County, including the city of Brainerd. During his term, he served on and was vice chair of the House's Commerce and Financial Institutions Committee, and also served on the Jobs and Economic Opportunity Policy Finance Committee, the Transportation Committee, and the Commerce and Financial Institutions Subcommittee for the Tourism Division.
Minnesota Senate.
Gazelka was elected to the Senate in 2010 after winning an August primary election over incumbent Republican Senator Paul Koering and the November general election. Following redistricting, Gazelka was placed in Senate District 9. He was re-elected to the Senate in 2012, defeating Democrat Al Doty.

</doc>
<doc id="30968079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968079" title="Don Zientara">
Don Zientara

Don Zientara is an American record producer and musician. He owns and runs Inner Ear Studios in Arlington, Virginia, located just outside of Washington D.C., and is most widely known for his production work with Fugazi, Minor Threat and various other Dischord Records artists.
Production credits.
Zientara's production/engineering credits include the following:

</doc>
<doc id="30968085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968085" title="Free at Last (Mal Waldron album)">
Free at Last (Mal Waldron album)

Free at Last is an album by American jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in 1969 and released on the ECM label. The album was the first release on the influential European jazz label.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 3 stars stating "The music overall is not that memorable or unique but it does have its unpredictable moments and finds Waldron really stretching himself." 

</doc>
<doc id="30968111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968111" title="Football in South Korea">
Football in South Korea

The sport of football in the country of South Korea is run by the Korea Football Association. The association administers the national football team as well as the K-League.
History.
Beginning.
In ancient times, Silla, one of Three Kingdoms of Korea, had a ball game called 'chuk-guk' (Hangul: 축국, Hanja: 蹴鞠) very similar in form to contemporary football. However, Koreans first saw the present version of football in 1882 when British crew members played a game while their vessel, named "Flying Fish", was visiting the Port of Jemulpo.
The first All Korea Football Tournament named All Joseon Football Championship was held in 1921. Prior to first championship, Joseon Sports Association was created in 1920. In 1928, Joseon Referee Association was created. Before the creation of the Joseon Football Association in 1933, two organizations hosted the competitions. The creation of Joseon Football Association led to the establishment of several prominent club sides on the peninsula as Korean football began to enter a different form. The All Joseon Football Championship, which had until 1932 been a tournament almost exclusively between academic institutions, included a 'professional' class from 1933 which, along with the immensely popular Kyungsung (now Seoul)-Pyongyang inter-city football series, raised interest levels in the sport greatly.
After independence.
The Korea Football Association was reinstated in 1948, following the establishment of the Republic of Korea. The KFA became a member of FIFA, the international football governing body, in 1948. The same year, the South Korea national football team made its international debut at the Olympic Games in London. The KFA joined the Asian Football Confederation (AFC) in 1954.
FIFA World Cup.
The South Korea national football team has qualified eight FIFA World Cup finals and reached semifinal in 2002 FIFA World Cup. South Korea co-hosted the World Cups in 2002 with Japan.
1954 Switzerland.
The first World cup finals, the 1954 FIFA World Cup as the second Asian team to ever enter the World Cup after the Dutch East Indies. South Korea played games against Hungary and Turkey, losing 9–0 and 7–0 respectively.
1986 Mexico.
South Korea started qualification first round with Malaysia and Nepal. They qualified first round as group winner, in second round they met Indonesia. They beat Indonesia and Japan in final round, they gained one of two spots of Asia.
In finals, South Korea was allocated group A with Argentina, Italy and Bulgaria. Their first match was against Argentina, Argentina beat South Korea 3–1, with Diego Maradona playing a major part. Park Chang-Sun scored the first goal in World Cup finals. South Korea and Bulgaria drew 1–1 in a downpour. Italy narrowly defeating South Korea 3–2.
1990 Italy.
South Korea advanced to the finals so easily into the first round and the final round (9 wins and 2 draws in total). In finals, allocated group E with Belgium, Spain and Uruguay, they dropped out in the finals, losing all games.
2002 Korea/Japan.
South Korea was one of the host nations for the 2002 FIFA World Cup tournament, along with Japan. Led by Dutch coach Guus Hiddink, and assistant coach Pim Verbeek, South Korean team achieved their first ever victory in the first stage (2–0, against Poland), and after a 1–1 draw with the USA, and a further 1–0 victory against heavily favored Portugal, the South Korean team qualified for the second round.
The USA's shock 3-2 win over Portugal, together with a draw against South Korea was enough to send them through, even though they lost 1-3 against Poland. Portugal were eliminated with one win and two losses, including one against South Korea. Poland were also eliminated, despite beating the USA in their final game.
Their second round opponents were Italy, who were defeated 2–1 after extra time. The South Korea public then began to dream of a semi-final berth, which was attained on defeating Spain on penalties, thereby surpassing the record of their North Korean counterparts 36 years before.
The South Korean team's run was halted by lost 1-0 to Germany in the semi-finals, and lost 3–2 to Turkey in the third place playoff.
2006 Germany.
During the 2006 World Cup, South Korea achieved their first World Cup victory outside Asia by beating Togo 2–1. They then drew 1–1 against eventual finalists France, but lost 2–0 to Switzerland, which knocked them out of the tournament.
2010 South Africa.
South Korea won the 2010 World Cup AFC qualification with 16 points – 7 wins and 7 draws in total – making them the only team unbeaten throughout the whole campaign. They then qualified for the knockout stages of the 2010 World Cup Group B with 4 points, winning 2–0 against Greece, losing 4–1 to Argentina and drawing 2–2 with Nigeria. At the knockout stage they met Uruguay, which ended in a 2-1 loss for South Korea, eliminating them from the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="30968116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968116" title="Persedikab Kediri">
Persedikab Kediri

Persedikab or Persedikab Kediri or Persatuan Sepakbola Kediri Kabupaten (en: "Football Association of Kediri Regency") is an Indonesian football club based in Kediri Regency, East Java. Club played in Liga Indonesia First Division. 
Persedikab stadium named Canda Bhirawa Stadium. Its location was in downtown Kediri Regency, East Java. Club is funded by the Government of Kediri Regency. Formed from the fragments of the board Persik Kediri, this team was more used to be known by the public sphere in Indonesia compared with Persik.
This team has twice competed in the Premier Division, namely in 1999 and 2003. But now the fate of this team as neglected, in 2007 they were relegated to Second Division. While the "older brother" of his, Persik, it is now rising in the last 5 years in Indonesia enliven League.

</doc>
<doc id="30968123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968123" title="ISIRI 6701">
ISIRI 6701

ISIRI 6701 is a standard published by the Institute of Standards and Industrial Research of Iran (ISIRI) based on ISO 7117, and defines measurements of motorcycles' maximum speed.
Other sources that were used in this standard are ISO 6726 and ISIRI 4351.

</doc>
<doc id="30968136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968136" title="Michael Gleissner">
Michael Gleissner

Michael J. G. Gleissner (born in 1969 in Regensburg, Germany) is an entrepreneur, film producer, director, screenwriter, actor, photographer, and musician.
Career.
Germany/USA.
Gleissner became an online pioneer at 20 years old with his launch of the first e-commerce company Telebuch (Tele Book) in Regensburg, co-founded with Christian Jagodzinski. In 1996, Gleissner relocated to the United States, and served as managing director of the ABC Book Service office in Florida. In 1998, Telebuch and its subsidiary ABC Book Service GmbH, were acquired by Amazon.com, after which Gleissner subsequently served two years as vice president of their US Operations. Gleissner also started "WWW-Service GmbH" as one of the first webhosting companies in Germany. It was later acquired by Verio (later NTT). He was a large shareholder in public companies like Jaye Muller's J2 Communications Inc. (USA) and United Internet AG), as well as investing in a series of Internet startups, such as Jfax GmbH, Deskclick/Eatfleet, and MagicDay.
Asia.
In 2001, Gleissner moved to Asia to establish a presence for several of his companies, among them Bigfoot Communications and Cleverlearn Inc. Both had formerly been based in New York City. In 2002 Gleissner founded Bigfoot Entertainment to finance and develop feature films, documentaries, and reality TV shows for the United States and International Market. His company also acquired the franchises for Fashion TV(FTV) in Singapore and Philippines. In April 2010, Gleissner co-founded Fashion One TV, an international channel that broadcasts a unique combination of lifestyle, entertainment and fashion content from all around the globe.
In 2006 the Congress of the Philippines, considering him one of Cebu's prominent German expatriates, approved a Filipino citizenship application for Gleissner. The application awaited approval by Philippine President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo.
Gleissner is a property developer in Hong Kong, Singapore, the Philippines and the United States. His developments include the 26-story Bigfoot Centre in Hong Kong's Causeway Bay, various office buildings in Singapore and the United States, and holdings in the Philippine provinces of Cebu and Palawan.
Gleissner develops and oversees entertainment projects under the umbrella of the Bigfoot Group of companies, including Bigfoot Entertainment, Bigfoot Studios (with production facilities in Los Angeles and Cebu, Philippines), and the International Academy of Film and Television he founded on Mactan Island an international film school providing aspiring filmmakers with a competitive education under the mentorship of industry professionals, and the first of its kind in Southeast Asia. Through his Hong Kong-based Bigfoot Ventures Ltd., he is also the largest shareholder in the fourth largest U.S. film exhibitor, Carmike Cinemas.
Musician.
Under the name "Mickmeister", Gleissner had created and released several dance singles, including "Where Are You Now", "Mr.Bond", "Running Out of Love", and "Dont Let That Fool You".
Filmography.
Gleissner's credits include executive producer on films such as: "Shanghai Kiss", "Midnight Movie (film), 3 Needles" and "The Curiosity of Chance", writer and director of the feature thriller "Irreversi", and director of the reality show "Screen Test" and more than 40 shows for Fashion TV, an international television channel devoted to fashion and modeling. "Irreversi" marked Gleissner's directorial debut of the first film to be produced in both English and Mandarin, with two versions filming simultaneously with two sets of separate casts.
Gleissner has recently finished directing the new action movie "Deep Gold", starring Bebe Pham and Kersten Hui. Filmed over a period of almost four years after the production encountered several production delays, the movie was theatrically released on April 22, 2011 in the U.S.

</doc>
<doc id="30968139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968139" title="Football in Laos">
Football in Laos

The sport of football in the country of Laos is run by the Lao Football Federation. The association administers the national football team as well as the Lao Soccer League. Laos has been a member of FIFA since 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="30968150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968150" title="Laughing (album)">
Laughing (album)

Laughing is the debut album of Kottonmouth Kings/Kingspade rapper Johnny Richter. It was released July 6, 2010 on Suburban Noize Records, and was released "Presented by the Kottonmouth Kings".

</doc>
<doc id="30968151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968151" title="James Forsythe">
James Forsythe

 
Dr. James Forsythe (born August 11, 1938) is an American author, anti-aging physician, and integrative oncologist specializing in the use of human growth hormone to combat the symptoms of aging. He is a native of Detroit, Michigan.
Forsythe is a former associate professor of medicine at the University of Nevada School of Medicine and frequently appears as the featured speaker at conferences of the American Academy of Anti-Aging Medicine International Congress. He founded the Century Wellness Clinic in Reno, Nevada. 
In 2009, Forsythe was profiled in actress Suzanne Somers’ "New York Times" best-selling book, "Knockout: Interviews With Doctors Who Are Curing Cancer".
Medical and military background.
After graduation from the University of California at Berkeley in 1960, Forsythe was accepted at the University of California at San Francisco Medical School. To finance his medical education, he turned to the U.S. Army's medical school program. In return for U.S. Army financial assistance, he agreed to serve in the military after finishing medical school in 1964.
Upon graduation, Forsythe was commissioned a second lieutenant and sent to Letterman Army Hospital at the Presidio in San Francisco to serve his medical internship. When the internship ended in 1965, he was sent to San Antonio, Texas for a four-week basic military medical training course. Promoted to captain, he transferred to Fort Bragg, North Carolina and the 82nd Airborne, where he served as assistant chief of pathology at the Womack Army Hospital. 
In January 1969, Forsythe received a transfer to Vietnam. He initially served as a forensic pathologist at the 93rd Evacuation Hospital in Long Binh, 30 miles north of Saigon. Attaining the rank of major, he was transferred to the 312th Evacuation Hospital at Chu Lai, on the South China Sea, where he served as chief of pathology. He held a similar position for a surgical hospital located 10 miles away in the jungle.
Following an honorable discharge from the Army in 1970, he signed up with the Army Reserves for ongoing duty, and accepted a hematology and oncology fellowship at the University of California at San Francisco. This was the first year that oncology boards were offered for certification. He later entered oncology practice at Saint Francis Memorial Hospital in San Francisco.
Professional background.
In 1974, Forsythe relocated his oncology practice to Reno, Nevada He developed cancer wards at the city’s two major medical facilities at that time, Saint Mary’s Hospital and Washoe Medical Center. He simultaneously served as medical officer in charge of Reno’s Washoe Medical Center.
In 1978, Forsythe married Earlene Marion Lombardi, a nurse at the Army Reserve Hospital. In 1993, he retired as a full colonel following 26 years of Active Army reserve and National Guard duty, the last decade of which as the State Surgeon. His wife, Earlene also resigned that year with the rank of major after serving as State Nurse. Forsythe later became an associate professor of medicine at the University of Nevada's School of Medicine. He also served as the medical director of five northwest Nevada nursing homes.
Medical philosophy.
Disillusioned in the early 1990s by the low cure and remission rates that he was seeing among cancer patients, Forsythe began searching for ways to integrate conventional oncology approaches to cancer treatment with some of the alternative medicine techniques that were emerging. While continuing a standard oncology practice using low-dose chemotherapy, he gave patients the option of also using homeopathy and nutritional supplements as immune system stimulation therapies. He allows his cancer patients to choose among three options: 
In the book "Knockout", Forsythe described himself as "an integrative medical oncologist" whose integrative treatment approach has produced a 40 percent survivor rate after five years among patients with stage IV cancers, compared to a two percent survival rate for stage IV patients who use only conventional chemotherapy. Another innovation in his practice is his use of chemo-sensitivity testing. Each patient's blood is sent to a laboratory in Germany, where cancer cells are identified genetically to determine which drugs will work most effectively for each patient's particular type of cancer. Forsythe says this blood testing results in fewer side effects for patients, a healthier immune system, and more effective use of low-dose chemotherapy drugs that target specific cancers.
Anti-Aging medicine role.
After seeing recoveries by patients who used injectable human growth hormone (HGH) for various medical conditions, Forsythe studied the substance and concluded that it might be useful in treating symptoms associated with the aging process, including arthritis, age spots, wrinkling, and excess body fat. Natural production of HGH declines decade by decade after childhood, and this decline accelerates once people reach their 40s or 50s. 
Starting in the 1990s, Forsythe began testing patients for their HGH levels to determine if their pituitary gland still produced an adequate amount of this hormone. If not, he prescribed the use of injectable HGH. As he relates in his book, "Anti-Aging Cures", he discovered that replacing the HGH resulted in people aged 50 and beyond experiencing a noticeable reversal in the symptoms of aging. There were no documented side effects from its use at prescribed dosages.
Arrest and exoneration.
Forsythe was indicted by a federal grand jury on September 27, 2006, and charged with one count of Causing Introduction Into Interstate Commerce Unapproved New Drugs, one count of Distribution of Human Growth Hormone, and Aiding and Abetting. If convicted, Forsythe faced up to five years in prison and a $250,000 fine on the causing introduction count and up to five years in prison and a $250,000 fine on the distribution count. On November 1, 2007, a 12-person jury acquitted Forsythe of all charges.

</doc>
<doc id="30968153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968153" title="Bryony Worthington, Baroness Worthington">
Bryony Worthington, Baroness Worthington

Bryony Katherine Worthington, Baroness Worthington, (born 19 September 1971), is a British environmental campaigner and Labour life peer in the House of Lords. She has promoted change in attitudes to the environment, and action to tackle climate change, and founded Sandbag, a non-profit campaign group designed to increase public awareness of emissions trading, in 2008.
Biography.
Bryony Worthington was born and grew up in Wales, before joining Operation Raleigh as a fundraiser. In the mid 1990s, she worked for an environmental charity, and by 2000 had moved to work for Friends of the Earth as a climate change campaigner. She then worked for the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, implementing public awareness campaigns and helping draft the Climate Change Bill, before becoming head of government relations for the energy company, Scottish and Southern Energy. She left to form Sandbag in 2008.
She was raised to the peerage as Baroness Worthington, of Cambridge in the County of Cambridgeshire, in 2011, and sits on the Labour benches.
Thorium.
The Baroness was once "passionately opposed to nuclear power," but came to advocate the adoption of Thorium as a nuclear fuel following the 2009 Manchester Report, an event on climate change mitigation held by The Guardian. Worthington hosted and served as a judging panel member for the Manchester Report; there she met Kirk Sorensen who presented arguments for using Thorium. Sorensen intends to develop a liquid fluoride thorium reactor (LFTR) based on the 1965-1969 Molten-Salt Reactor Experiment.
Weinberg Foundation.
Worthington is patron of the Weinberg Foundation, a British non-profit, non-governmental organization dedicated to the promotion and development of molten salt reactor (MSR) technology. It was formally launched on 08 September 2011 in the House of Lords, is based in Somerset House in central London, and is named in honour of Alvin M. Weinberg (1915–2006), a nuclear physicist who pioneered peaceful nuclear technology and advocated Thorium energy.
""The world desperately needs sustainable, low carbon energy to address climate change while lifting people out of poverty. Thorium based reactors, such as those designed by the late Alvin Weinberg, could radically change perceptions of nuclear power leading to widespread deployment."" — Baroness Worthington
All-party parliamentary group.
On 29 February 2012 a Thorium all-party parliamentary group was formed; its officers were Worthington, Julian Huppert and Ralph Palmer, with twenty other members at founding. Worthington is no longer listed on the APPG registry however.

</doc>
<doc id="30968156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968156" title="Sanjay Rajoura">
Sanjay Rajoura

Sanjay Rajoura (born on 18 September 1973) is a popular stand up artist and actor.
Biography.
Sanjay Rajoura was born in New Delhi (India) and has lived in Jaipur, Pune, Mumbai, Delhi, San Francisco and Singapore. He has obtained his Bachelors Degree in Sciences from Delhi University and then pursued his Masters degree from BIT Mesra.
Career
Sanjay worked in the software industry for more than 10 years and then one fine day just decided to quit. His comedy talks a lot of the life of a typical software engineer in India and life in India in general. Politics, religion, cast, gender politics, feminism are some of his favorite topics. 
Sanjay Rajoura had his first real attempt at stand up comedy in 2009 when he took the stage in an open mic event at a popular joint in Delhi post which there was no stopping. His first two big solo events "‘Jat In Mood’" was held at India Habitat Center, New Delhi, and both the shows were hugely successful.
He has been performing all over India with shows in Noida, Gurgaon ., Pune, Bangalore and Delhi.
His work has been critically acclaimed to be unconventional, unique and fresh. His USP of narrating real life stories in a funny satirical manner has been greatly appreciated and well received by the audience. Also, most of his stories have an underlying social message and hence is not totally meaningless comedy.
He played the lead role in ‘The Fiction’ 
His latest solo show called 'End The Occupation' was an act that looks up and down on the "many India's" co-existing in urban spaces. It was about the quirks and idiosyncrasies of ordinary people, a look at the aspects of our social lives and also a peep into the shady side. Sanjay has performed this show at India Habitat Center (Delhi) and Epicenter (Gurgaon). This show has gathered a lot of critical acclaim and has been extremely well received by the audience.
In 2012, Rajoura visited Karachi, Pakistan to attend a social media event.
References

</doc>
<doc id="30968166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968166" title="Hotel Coachman">
Hotel Coachman

History of Hotel Coachman.
Hotel Coachman Palmerston North Accommodation provider. One of the first sources of motel accommodation in Palmerston North, built by the MacPherson Family in 1979 and originally called "The Coachman". Hotel Coachman now owned by Leonie Hapeta, Bull, and McLean Families is a Palmerston North Icon. The building is made of South Island shiest stone and has a boutique look and feel. 
It has been the host to numerous politicians, celebrities, conferences, and sports teams.
Location.
Hotel Coachman is located in Palmerston North New Zealand. 
Massey University is located about 4 kilometres from the Hotel.
Climate.
Palmerston North (Māori: Te Papa-i-oea) is the main city of the Manawatu-Wanganui region of the North Island of New Zealand. An inland city with a population of 81,600 (June 2010 estimate).Palmerston North is New Zealand's seventh largest city and eighth largest urban area.[2 Palmerston North is located in the eastern Manawatu Plains near the north bank of the Manawatu River. The city covers an area of 325.94 square kilometres (126 sq mi) and one million people live within a two-hour drive (200 km/120 mile radius). It is about 140 km (87 mi) north of the capital, Wellington. The city is 35 km (22 mi) from the river's mouth and 12 km (7 mi) from the end of the Manawatu Gorge.
The official limits of the city take in rural areas to the south and north-east of the main urban area, extending to the Tararua Ranges and including the town of Ashhurst at the mouth of the Manawatu Gorge. This is a rich and fertile agricultural area.

</doc>
<doc id="30968178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968178" title="Paul Okesene">
Paul Okesene

Paul Okesene (died 15 September 2012) was a Samoan rugby league player who represented both Western Samoa and American Samoa. His brother, Hitro, also played international rugby league.
Playing career.
A Manukau Magpies junior in the Auckland Rugby League competition, Paul Okesene played for Western Samoa in 1986, at the Pacific Cup. In 1992, he again played in the Pacific Cup, this time for American Samoa.
In 1994, Paul Okesene played for the in the new Lion Red Cup. He left the club at the end of the year, signing to play in France. 
Later years.
Paul died 15 September 2012 due to a heart attack. At the time of his death, he was working as a bus driver for French rugby union club USA Perpignan.

</doc>
<doc id="30968195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968195" title="Persipur Purwodadi">
Persipur Purwodadi

Persipur or Persipur Purwodadi or Persatuan Sepak Bola Indonesia Purwodadi (en: "Football Association of Indonesia Purwodadi") is an Indonesian football club based in Purwodadi, Central Java. Club played in Liga Indonesia First Division. Persipur stadium named Krida Bakti Stadium. Its location was in downtown Purwodadi, Central Java.

</doc>
<doc id="30968197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968197" title="Norio Imamura">
Norio Imamura

, better known by his stage name of (April 17, 1954) is a Japanese stage actor and voice actor from Gifu, Gifu. He is a graduate of the Fine Arts department of Nihon University. Imamura began his career in the musical troupe Musical Company It's Follies and was coached by Nachi Nozawa.
Imamura tattoos himself as a hobby and has reportedly spent 4 to 5 million yen (the equivalent of $45,000 to $56,000) on tattoos over the course of a decade. From April 26 to June 7, 2010, Imamura posted pictures of his lower body on his blog with the intention of showing that his body had been completely tattooed. Imamura was arrested on July 2010 for posting images that were deemed indecent. This event forced Imamura to step down from his ongoing voice role as Emporio Ivankov in "One Piece" (the role was subsequently inherited by Mitsuo Iwata). On September 1, Imamura was released following a summary proceeding at the Tokyo Public Prosecutor's Office and was given a fine of 500,000 yen (approximately $6,000).

</doc>
<doc id="30968200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968200" title="Shri Vithal Education &amp; Research Institute">
Shri Vithal Education &amp; Research Institute

Shri Vithal Education & Research Institute (SVERI) Pandharpur is a charitable educational trust, established in the year 1998 with approval from All India the Engineering College, accredited by National Board of Accreditation (NBA). An ISO 9001:2008 certified Institute and is accredited by The Institution of Engineers (India), Kolkatta in the city of Pandharpur on the bank of river Chandrabhage. Pandharpur is also known as south Kashi of India and spiritual capital of Maharastra. The city is home of lord Vithoba every year lakhs of devotes throughout the country visit Pandharpur. Pandharpur is well connected by air, rail and road to the cities like Mumbail, Viapur and Hyderabad. The nearest airports are Pune and Solapur. Pandharpur is connected by broad gauge railway line to Mumbai, Hyderabad, and Bangalore mainline. Pandharpur station is on central railway road of Miraj to Latur. The nearest junction to the city is Kurdudawadi. Pandharpur is just 72 km away from its district Solapur. This is junction of national highway 9 and 13 and is around 200 km by road from Pune. State transports buses are available from swargate and shivaji nagar bus stations of Pune.
Shri Vithal Education and Research Institute is charitable trust which came into existence in the year 1998. Under the trust College of engineering was started in the year 1998. By a group of young, enthusiastic, sincere qualified and experienced and techno grants and entrepreneurs. The College humble beginnings with 160 students in the year 1998 which expanded into a campus with about 4000 students as of 2013.
Founder secretary Of Sveri and principal of college of Engineering Dr.B.P Ronge have completed his Mtech from IIT Bombay and Phd from Solapur University. He is the guiding force behind the success of the institution under the Sveri umbrella. His vision to make education available to everyone and his restless effort in this direction have borne fruit in the creating sound student community with skills of excellence.
College of Engineering offers in the branches 
1. Mechanical,
2. Electronic& Telecommunication,
3. Computer Science
4. Information Technology and
5. Civil Engineering.
Department of Mechanical Engineering currently has an intake of 120.There are 40 professors in the department, including three PhD’s. The department has well equipped laboratory that include Basic Mechanical Engineering, Thermodynamic, Theory of Machinery, Refrigeration and Air conditioning, CAD/CAM lab, Manufacturing process lab, and Metallurgy to name a few.
Department of Electronics & Telecommunication Engineering has an intake of 120. The total teaching staff including three PhD’s is 36. The department is well equipped with laboratories for electronic devices and circuit’s analog communication, digital communication, microwaves engineering, electronic Design, Microprocessor & Microcontroller, Power Electronic, Control system etc. to name a few.
Department of computer science & Engineering and Information Technology have an intake of 120 and 60 respectively, with a total of 51 including three PhD holders.
These departments have most advanced laboratories for Linux, Databases, and Microprocessors and have excellent computer center, server room and multimedia facilities.
Department of civil Engineering has an intake of 60.Total teaching staff including two PhD’s is 19.The department is well equipped for laboratories on surveying, fluid Mechanics Geo-technical Engineering, Structural Engineering, Engineering Geology and Material Testing lab to name a few.
Along with UG courses the institute also offers PG Courses and has Sholapur university approved doctor and research centers.
The Research and Development cell. The research and development cell is one of the best department in the institute headed by Dr.Prashant Pawar, Dr.P.M Pawar has taken his PhD degree from IISc Banglore and did his post doctor studies from Konkuk University, South Korea. With the support of about 10 phd faculties including Dr.B.P Ronge who has done Mtech from IIT Bombay and Phd from solapur University and another fifteen phds in the making R & D cell grants from the government and several other funding agencies. The Institute has received two large R & D projects of about Rs 4.55 corer from Rajiv Gandhi Science & Technology Commission Mumbai and grant of 17 lakhs from ARDB, Defense of Ministry. Faculty are strongly encouraged to collaborate with foreign universities. Each year several of our Teaching staff visit countries abroad and present paper in international conferences. About 83 papers were presented and published in various national and international journals amd conferences. Aptitude for research is strongly encouraged in the students by sponsoring their project with eminent faculty and excellent facilities available for research. Students publish papers in international journals, many eminent personalities and scientists visits the Institute and give their constant support and guidance to our faculty and students.
Training and Placement Cell. The list of major recruiters is extensive including but not limited to TATA Consultancy Services, Infosys, Nehilant, Cumins, BOSH, Cognisant, L& T Infotech, Bajaj Aliance, HCL, Mahindra, Cimens, ADP, Syntel among others. In the last two years, 163 students have been accepted to TCS. A look at the placement summary since the year 2008 proves the potential of the Training Placement Cell beyond and question
Merit is encouraged in the campus by rewarding the students with prize money, medals and certificates among other things. In addition to meritorious scholarship and assistance of up to 25 lakh is provided to a needy student through the Earn-and-Learn scheme facility, which is also unique feature of the institute.
The central library, the environment at SVERI is conducive to learning, poring a huge 12,000 sq ft area. The central library of college books of 7,000 titles and 46,000 volumes .Many international and national journals and periodicals are added to the existing 11,000 subscriptions. The library is opened 24 hours and provides up to 300 seatings in the reading area. Students also have an available digital library facility.
Living at Sveri is not only conducive for education but is also comfortable. Currently there are about 12,000 boys and 900 girls living on campus in the hostels. Facilities such as good quality food in the mess, hot water solar system, Pranayam, yoga classes in the regular time-table, separate gymnasium block with modern equipment, bus services for convenience of local students, dispensary at hostel campus and specialist at call, physician with emergency vehicles, fully secure campus with zero tolerance for ragging, free from smoking, chewing of tobacco or related products and consumption of alcoholic products.
Humble begging to greater expansions along with college of Engineering. Pandharpur has three other colleges under its umbrellas, College Of Engineering (poly) Pandharpur in the year 2008–09, College Of Pharmacy (poly) Pandharpur & College Of Pharmacy Pandharpur in the year 2006–07. The trust has plans to expand the campus to cities of Pune and Sholapur where land has been acquired to set up similar dream campuses.

</doc>
<doc id="30968214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968214" title="ISIRI 6653">
ISIRI 6653

ISIRI 6653 is a standard published by the Institute of Standards and Industrial Research of Iran (ISIRI) in June 2003 based on ISO 4106, and defines motorcycles' engine test code and net power.
Other sources that were used in this standard are ISO 2710 and ISIRI 4351.

</doc>
<doc id="30968216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968216" title="Seong-Eun Ahn">
Seong-Eun Ahn

Seong-Eun Ahn is a South Korean economist, whose research fields include game theory and monetary policy.
Career.
Ahn was born in Daegu, South Korea. He attended the University of Florida where he received his M.A. in economics, and also attended Texas A&M University and the University of Wisconsin-Madison. He later earned his Ph.D. candidacy at Texas A&M, where his advisors for his doctoral dissertation included John Rust, Steven Slutsky, Ed Zabel, G.S. Maddala, William S. Neilson, and Leonardo Aurenheimer.
Ahn joined the faculty of Kyungil University in Daegu, South Korea. He taught at Kyungil University from 1992–2007. In 1998, he was a Visiting Scholar at Harvard University, where he was sponsored for an honorary faculty-level position by Professor Eric Maskin.
Research and publications.
Ahn has worked in diverse areas of economic theory, such as game theory, the economics of incentives, and monetary policy theory. His current research projects include repeated game theory with imperfect public information.
Ahn has published a few books outside of economics, including "English 4 Tourism".

</doc>
<doc id="30968221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968221" title="John W. N. Watkins">
John W. N. Watkins

John William Nevill Watkins (31 July 1924, Woking, Surrey – 26 July 1999, Salcombe, Devon) was an English philosopher, a professor at the London School of Economics from 1966 until his retirement in 1989 and a prominent proponent of Critical rationalism.
In 1952, he married Micky Roe (one son, three daughters).
Military service.
In 1941, aged 17, Watkins passed out in the First Division from the Royal Naval College at Dartmouth and went straight into the wartime Navy. He served in destroyers, escorting Russian convoys and the battleship carrying Churchill back from Marrakech.
In 1944 he was decorated with the DSC for torpedoing a German destroyer off the French coast, part of an action which defeated the only remaining surface force that might have interfered with the Normandy landings.
Academic career.
Reading Friedrich von Hayek's "Road to Serfdom" (1944) on his destroyer aroused his interest in attending the LSE where Hayek taught. A First in Political Science and a prize-winning essay won him a Henry Ford Fellowship to Yale, where he graduated MA in 1950. Then he returned to the LSE as Assistant Lecturer in Political Science.
Watkins had attended Karl Popper's lectures at the LSE in logic and scientific method "and had fallen under his spell". 1958 he shifted from the Government Department to Popper's, being appointed Reader in Philosophy. Imre Lakatos joined them in 1960. Watkins and Lakatos edited the British Journal for the Philosophy of Science, and Watkins was President of the British Society for the Philosophy of Science from 1972 until 1975. When Popper retired in 1970, Watkins took over his Chair.
At an international symposium on "Criticism and the Growth of Knowledge" held in London in 1965 Watkins replied to a paper in which Thomas S. Kuhn had compared his own theory of scientific revolutions with Popper's falsificationism. He saw a clash between
Watkins wrote classic and much-anthologised papers about the influence of metaphysics on science, about methodological individualism, and about historical explanation. In 1965 Watkins published "Hobbes's System of Ideas," in which he demonstrated that Thomas Hobbes's political theory follows from his philosophical ideas. His most important work was "Science and Scepticism", published in 1984. In it he tried "to succeed where Descartes failed", and show how science could survive in the face of scepticism. In his book "Human Freedom after Darwin," posthumously published in 1999, he returned to a problem that had long occupied him.
After his retirement in 1989, Watkins played a leading role in establishing the Lakatos Award in the Philosophy of Science as the pre-eminent scholarly distinction in the field, honouring his former colleague Imre Lakatos who had died, aged only 51, in 1974.
On 26 July 1999, eleven weeks after completing his book "Human Freedom after Darwin", Watkins died of a heart attack while sailing his boat, "Xantippe," on the Salcombe estuary, South Devon, England.

</doc>
<doc id="30968230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968230" title="John Pederson (Minnesota politician)">
John Pederson (Minnesota politician)

John C. Pederson (born March 23, 1968) is a Minnesota politician and member of the Minnesota Senate. A member of the Republican Party of Minnesota, he represents District 14, which includes portions of Benton, Sherburne and Stearns counties in the central part of the state.
Early life, education, and career.
Born and raised on a farm in rural Wright County, Pederson graduated from Northwestern College in Roseville, receiving his B.S. in Business Administration and Biblical Studies. He went on to Cardinal Stritch University in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, earning his M.B.A. Active in community government, he served on St. Cloud's city council (2007–2010), zoning board of appeals, and planning commission, and was a commissioner on the St. Cloud Housing and Redevelopment Authority. He was also a volunteer wood shop supervisor at the Whitney Senior Center.
He is vice president and part owner of Amcon Block and Precast Inc. in St. Cloud. He is a former part-time instructor in Human Relations for the Dale Carnegie Institute, a former part-time instructor in Customized Training at St. Cloud Technical College, and a former adjunct instructor in the Business Department at Rasmussen College, based in Minnesota.
Minnesota Senate.
Pederson was first elected in 2010 and was re-elected in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="30968258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968258" title="ISIRI 6603">
ISIRI 6603

ISIRI 6603 is a standard published by the Institute of Standards and Industrial Research of Iran (ISIRI) based on ISO 9565, and defines "Two – Wheeled Motorcycles – Parking Stability of Side – And Center – Stands".
Another source that was used in this standard is ISO 6726.

</doc>
<doc id="30968264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968264" title="Hakaru Miyagawa">
Hakaru Miyagawa

Life.
He was born at a Buddhist temple on January 26, 1905 in Takayama, Gifu Prefecture. He became a Christian later. After graduation from Chiba Prefectural Horticulture School, he worked at Zensho Hospital. He later went to Nagashima Aiseien Sanatorium following Kensuke Mitsuda. In 1938, he was appointed the first manager of Okinawa Airakuen Sanatorium. In 1941, he worked at Hoshizuka Keiaien Sanatorium and later at Nagashima Aiseien Sanatorium. On September 3, 1949 he died.
Greening and manager.
As a graduate of Chiba Horticulture School, he worked for the greening of the hospitals, and it was said that all trees at Nagashima Aiseien Sanatorium were transplanted except pine trees. At the Zenshoen Hospital, he was one of the five active men, following Fumio Hayashi, Einosuke Shionuma, Isamu Tajiri and Kouzou Fujita. He was appointed the first manager of Okinawa Airakuen Sanatorium and started with digging wells.

</doc>
<doc id="30968267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968267" title="John Pedersen">
John Pedersen

John Pederson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30968271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968271" title="Supreme (clothing)">
Supreme (clothing)

Supreme is a skateboarding shop/clothing brand in New York City established in 1994.
The first Supreme store opened its doors in downtown Manhattan in 1994. In 2004, a store was opened in Los Angeles, California, which is almost double the size of the original New York store. There are other stores in London, Tokyo (Harajuku, Daikanyama & Shibuya), Nagoya, Osaka, and Fukuoka.
The brand caters to the Skateboarding, Hip hop, and Punk rock cultures, and youth culture at large. They have collaborated with photographers: Larry Clark, Terry Richardson, Charlie Samuels, Marilyn Minter and artists/groups like Glassjaw, Kaws, Odd Future, Three Six Mafia, Futura 2000, Damien Hirst, Takashi Murakami, Jeff Koons, Daniel Johnston, Peter Saville (graphic designer), Lady Gaga as well as many more.
Supreme has a long line of collaborations with brands such as Nike, Vans, Clarks, The North Face, Levi's, Timberland, Comme des Garçons, WTAPS, designers such as Adam Kimmel, as well as artist of likes Aymeric and Jean-Michel Basquiat.
Supreme stocks its own clothing label as well as Vans, Nike SB, Spitfire, Thrasher and Girl Distribution Company.

</doc>
<doc id="30968275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968275" title="Nancy Perriam">
Nancy Perriam

Nancy Perriam (1770-1867) was an English woman from Exmouth, Devon, who was one of the few women of her time to serve on a warship.
Perriam was allowed to sail on HMS "Orion", one of the few women permitted to accompany their husbands. Her husband, Edward Hopping, and she served Sir James Saumarez on several ships. They served on HMS "Orion" for five years, including during action in L'Orient (1795) and Cape St Vincent (1797). Her official role was to mend the captain's shirts but she also played the role of the Powder Monkey and assisted the surgeons with his operations, including amputations, including during the Battle of the Nile.
Nancy gave birth to two daughters while on HMS "Orion". Her husband drowned in 1802, and she married a pilot, John Perriam, who died in 1812. Until the age of 81, she sold fish on the streets of Exmouth.
A photo of her, aged 93, is displayed in the Exmouth archives. There is a memorial to her at the Powder Monkey, Exmouth, Devon.
References.
Val Hennessy, "My history hero:Nancy Perriam (1770-1867)", BBC History Magazine, March 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="30968278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968278" title="Ahoora">
Ahoora

Ahoora is an Iranian alternative rock band from Tehran, formed in 2001.
The band currently features Milad Tangshir and Ashkan Hadavand . The band has released 3 albums to date: "Ahoora" (2006), "All in Blood with You" (2007), and "Awkward Diary" (2010).
History.
The band started in 2001 and recorded their first demo in 2004. In 2005 they did the first ever metal gig in Iran with vocals. But as rock has been banned in Iran they stayed rather underground, releasing their self-titled debut album in 2006 without official sanction. The album was later re-released by "Real2Can", appearing on iTunes in 2007 and on Amazon by 2008. 
The band released their second album "All in Blood with You" in September 2007, which critically was met by some positive feedback. The album was re-mastered and available for free download in 2010. 
In March 2010 "Zirzamin" released their third album "Awkward Diary". Classic Rock Magazine described it: "Imagine Muse and Tool getting all cozy around Iced Earth and you’ve got the drift here. The musicianship is accomplished, the songs concise and focused, and the band are clearly battling against the Islamic odds to be heard."

</doc>
<doc id="30968304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968304" title="Family Emergency Shelter Coalition">
Family Emergency Shelter Coalition

The Family Emergency Shelter Coalition (FESCO) is a non-profit organization in Hayward, California which aims to provide shelter, transitional housing and support services for families and children in Alameda County.
According to greatnonprofits.org's nationwide ranking among shelter homes, FESCO was the only homeless shelter in the East Bay to get a top ranking.
By 2006, FESCO claimed to provide 24 Shelter beds, as well as support services including hot meals and housing readiness activities.
Also, they are listed under the directory of National Coalition for the Homeless.
History.
The organization incorporated in 1986. Its main purpose was to keep families together during their homelessness period. After a restoration of two-story home, they started to begin serving homeless families in 1988 as a shelter which can accommodate 8-10 families at a time. After the first year, Fesco started to provide support services to homeless families.

</doc>
<doc id="30968308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968308" title="St. Paulus Kirche, Cincinnati">
St. Paulus Kirche, Cincinnati

St. Paulus Kirche is a German Evangelical Protestant church in the Over-the-Rhine historic district of Cincinnati, Ohio.
History.
It is the oldest surviving Protestant church in the city and the second oldest church in Cincinnati.
Stabilization.
In February 2011, the city of Cincinnati and 3CDC began work to stabilize the structure. According to the March 1, 2011 feature story in Soapbox Cincinnati, "Divine Inspiration: New Uses for Old Churches": 
Location.
The church is located at the corner of 15th and Race Streets in Over-the-Rhine. It is one block from the headquarters of 3CDC which are located in Saengerhalle.

</doc>
<doc id="30968309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968309" title="ISIRI 6788">
ISIRI 6788

ISIRI 6788 is a standard published by the Institute of Standards and Industrial Research of Iran (ISIRI) in October 2003 based on ISO 11460, and defines "Two-wheeled motorcycles - Positioning of lighting and light-signalling devices".
Other sources that were used in this standard are ISO 6726 and ISO 7227.

</doc>
<doc id="30968321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968321" title="Insidious">
Insidious

Insidious may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30968333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968333" title="Specim">
Specim

Specim, Spectral Imaging Ltd is a European technology firm headquartered in Oulu, Finland. Specim manufactures and sells hyperspectral cameras and systems. Specim's airborne hyperspectral cameras have been utilized for example in monitoring the environmental effects of major industrial catastrophes such as Deepwater Horizon oil spill and Red mud spill.
In 2010, Specim was widely credited for its Thermal Infrared Hyperspectral Cameras, including a position as a Prism Awards finalist. The credited Specim Owl is world's first Thermal Hyperspectral Camera that can efficiently be used for outdoor surveillance and UAV applications without an external light source such as the Sun or the Moon.

</doc>
<doc id="30968337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968337" title="Dragon Gate UK">
Dragon Gate UK

Dragon Gate UK (DGUK) is a United Kingdom professional wrestling promotion founded in 2009 as an international expansion of the Japanese promotion Dragon Gate.

</doc>
<doc id="30968347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968347" title="Howrah Porbandar Express">
Howrah Porbandar Express

Howrah Porbandar express is a tri-weekly train of Indian Railways, running between Howrah in West Bengal and Porbandar in Gujarat. It is a superfast category train. It takes 44 hours to reach Porbandar from Howrah. It passess through West Bengal, Jharkhand, Orissa, Chhatisgarh, Maharashtra & Gujarat. It is major and important train in this route, due to major industrial, commercial & economical reasons. It haults at 28 stations.
The major cities it touches are
Kharagpur,
Tatanagar,
Rourkela,
Jharsuguda,
Raigarh,
Bilaspur,
Raipur,
Durg,
Nagpur,
Akola,
Surat,
Vadodara,
Ahmedabad,
Rajkot,
Jamnagar, & 
Porbandar.
The train passess through South Eastern Railway, South East Central Railway, Central Railway and Western Railway. With covering 2 numbers of railway zonal headquarter cities Kolkata & Bilaspur, and 10 numbers of railway divisional office cities Howrah, Kharagpur, Chakradharpur, Bilaspur, Raipur, Nagpur, Bhusawal, Baroda, Ahmedabad & Rajkot.
On its Journey From Howrah to Porbandar, the train is hauled by a WAP-4E loco of Vadodara shed from Howrah to Ahmedabad railway station. From Ahmedabad to Porbandar, the train is hauled by Single WDM 3A of Ratlam loco shed.
There is also slip route of the train, which goes to Okha via Dwarka.

</doc>
<doc id="30968382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968382" title="State of the Nation with Jessica Soho">
State of the Nation with Jessica Soho

State of the Nation with Jessica Soho is the flagship nightly news program on February 28, 2011 (GMA News TV's first day on the air), hosted by Jessica Soho, a Peabody Award-winning journalist and current head of news programs of GMA News and Public Affairs and writer, producer and host television documentaries, and is one of the Philippines' most awarded journalists. It also aired worldwide via GMA Life TV and GMA News TV International.
Background.
The program is described as a more comprehensive newscast than "24 Oras", which is the flagship news program of GMA. State of the Nation with Jessica Soho currently airs on weeknights at 9:00-10:15PM (PHT). It features several guests to analyze the country's issues deeply in segments, as well as featuring exclusive reports and the insights and rundown of the day’s top news stories.

</doc>
<doc id="30968388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968388" title="Hugh Canavan">
Hugh Canavan

Hugh Edward Canavan (May 13, 1897 – September 4, 1967), nicknamed "Hugo", was a pitcher and outfielder in Major League Baseball. He played for the Boston Braves in 1918, appearing as a pitcher in 11 games and compiling an 0-4 record. He also appeared as a pinch-hitter in 4 games, and played one full game as an outfielder. Canavan appeared in a total of 16 games for the Braves; the Braves lost all 16 of those games.
Canavan had a more successful minor league career, where he played mostly as a pitcher with occasional games in the outfield. Playing nine seasons between 1916 and 1927, as a pitcher Canavan won 99 games.

</doc>
<doc id="30968392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968392" title="Dana H. Ballard">
Dana H. Ballard

Dana Harry Ballard (born 1946) is a professor of computer science currently at the University of Texas at Austin and formerly with the University of Rochester.
Ballard received his Ph.D. from the University of California, Irvine. He has done research in artificial intelligence and human cognition and perception with a focus on the human visual system. In 1982, with Christopher M. Brown he authored a pioneering textbook in the field of computer vision, titled Computer Vision. He also popularized the use of the generalised hough transform in computer vision in his paper "Generalizing the Hough Transform to Detect Arbitrary Shapes." He is also known as a proponent of active vision techniques for computer vision systems as well as approaches to understanding human vision. He has written a textbook titled "An Introduction to Natural Computation" (1997). It combines introductory material on varied subjects relevant to computing in the brain, such as neural networks, reinforcement learning, and genetic learning.

</doc>
<doc id="30968398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968398" title="Dave Brown (Minnesota politician)">
Dave Brown (Minnesota politician)

David M. "Dave" Brown (born June 26, 1961) is a Minnesota politician and member of the Minnesota Senate. A member of the Republican Party of Minnesota, he represents District 15, which includes portions of Benton, Kanabec, Mille Lacs, Morrison, Sherburne and Wright counties in the central part of the state. The district also includes the trust lands of the Mille Lacs Band of Ojibwe and Grand Casino Mille Lacs.
Early life, education, and career.
Brown grew up in Mount Auburn-La-Porte City, Iowa, and later attended Oklahoma Wesleyan University in Bartlesville, Oklahoma, graduating in 1983 with a B.A. in Behavioral Sciences.
He is an insurance agent with the Breitenfeldt Group. He previously worked with Word Entertainment, a major Christian music company based in Nashville, Tennessee.
Minnesota Senate.
Brown was first elected in 2010 and was re-elected in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="30968422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968422" title="List of UK top 10 singles in 2001">
List of UK top 10 singles in 2001

The UK Singles Chart is a record chart compiled by The Official Charts Company (OCC) on behalf of the British record industry. The chart week runs from Sunday to Saturday, with the top 40 singles being broadcast on BBC Radio 1's Chart Show each Sunday. Until the end of 2004 the chart was based entirely on sales of physical singles from retail outlets, at which point legal music downloads were included in the compilation of the chart.
The list below shows all the singles that appeared in the Top 10 of the UK Singles Chart during 2001, including songs in the top 10 that peaked in 2000 and 2002. The date in the "Top 10 Entry Date" column is the date that the single entered the top 10 for the first time. Around singles charted in the top 10 during 2001, with of these reaching their peak that year. singles from 2000 remained in the top 10 for several weeks at the beginning of the year. Sixty artists scored multiple entries in the top 10 in 2001.
Top 10 singles.
Notes:
Entries by artist.
Notes:

</doc>
<doc id="30968440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968440" title="Parks and gardens in Bratislava">
Parks and gardens in Bratislava

The parks and gardens in Bratislava have formed a part of the landscape of the capital of Slovakia since the Middle Ages. Some of the historical gardens of Bratislava had such architectonic value that they were widely known outside of the city and well beyond the borders of the Kingdom of Hungary. Perhaps the best known garden in the city's history was the renaissance Pálffy Garden, with its famous landmark, a centuries-old linden tree encased in a wooden terrace frame, seven floors in height.
Today, Bratislava's most famous park is Sad Janka Kráľa, established in 1774-1776 it is the oldest public park in Central Europe. There are over 20 different caretakers of parks in Bratislava and all of the parks and gardens in the city lack long-term and consistent care. The level of park maintenance is low and the parks often lack functioning pathways, benches and lightning.
Gothic gardens.
There is basically no textual or pictorial evidence about gardens and parks from the Early Middle Ages and before. It wasn't until the High Middle Ages that gardens and parks expanded beyond the smallish utility gardens close to medieval cloisters and started to appear near castles, feudal mansions and rich citizens' townhouses. In Bratislava (known under many different names), the medieval cloisters of Cistercians, Franciscans, Order of Poor Clares and Order of Anthony the Great had small utility gardens and the Franciscans and Poor Clares Order also had so-called "paradise gardens".
Bratislava's oldest surviving city plan is the Marquart plan, which was drawn by Michael Marquart Dissin. It dates from 1765, when the city was known as Pressburg or Poszony and its official name is "GRUND = RIS Der KoenigL. Freyen Stadt Presburg. Mit beygefúgten Nahmen, aller inn = und Ausserlichen Kirchen, Cloester, Tehoere, Gassen und Häuser, So Anno 1765 Aufgenomen Worden ist" (). There are few detailed descriptions of the parks and gardens in the city that existed prior to that date. The Marquart plan shows both the houses and parcels of land within Bratislava's mediaeval city walls and all the surrounding properties that were located outside the walls. The plots of land belonging to Bratislava Castle are only shown schematically, showing which parcels are built upon. The Marquart plan is a colorful map hand-drawn on four pieces of paper glued together to form one canvas of 1249 x 84 centimeters. It features numerous items besides the map itself - scale, author's signature, coat of arms of the Kingdom of Hungary, City of Pressburg, Hungarian crown, "Explication In Der Stadt" - a list of streets and buildings in the inner city, "Explication In Denen Vorsted" - a list of streets and buildings in the suburbs. All texts inside the map are in German language and Latin language.
There are four originally Gothic gardens inside the walled city depicted in the Marquart plan:
Renaissance gardens.
The two greatest Renaissance gardens were the demolished Pálffy Garden and the Lippay Garden, which has partially survived.
Written data relating to the green space between the Castle and the 'Palisades' dates back the 17th century. Situated on the slopes of the hills of the Small Carpathian Mountains, the area featured Carpathian oak and hornbeam forests, fruit gardens, vineyards and renowned flower gardens. The gardens contained so-called 'old horse chestnut' trees, often planted into tree alleys. They also contained native oak and linden trees, which have proved to be long-lived. The north-west slope of Bratislava Castle's hill contained three important gardens, Pálffy, Prepostská and Jesenák.
Pálffy Garden.
The Pálffy Garden (, , ) was a Renaissance garden that was located between Zámocká Street, Škarniclova Street, Palisády Street, Zochova Street and Pilárikova Street. It was unique at that time and used to be described as the pride of both Bratislava and the whole of Hungary. It's very long but quite narrow terraced garden was almost in area and was located on a hillside. It belonged to the family of Count Mikuláš Pálffy, who married into the Augsburg banking family of Fuggers and acquired financial support to arm soldiers and develop Červený Kameň Castle. Mikuláš Pálffy was also a captain of Bratislava Castle and a governor of Bratislava province. The spacious garden contained several exotic plants, grottos, statues and fountains. It was divided into several parts. Its most striking attraction was a linden tree that was completely surrounded by wooden scaffolding and which allowed Count Pálffy's guests to admire the scent of linden flowers while enjoying the spectacular view. The tree is depicted on a 1735 copperplate by M. Engelbrecht and F.B. Werner. The construction that surrounded the tree was onion-shaped and seven floors high.
Pavol Pálffy (), a palatine of Hungary, bought extensive vineyards on the slopes of the Little Carpathians in around 1640 and turned them into garden terraces, reinforced with walls. Some of the remnants of these walls still exist on Zochova Street and Svoradova Street. They are the oldest walls in Bratislava outside the fortifications of the city and Bratislava Castle's defences.
In the 1630s, Pavol Pálffy was charged by the king with reconstructing Bratislava Castle, a task he helped to fund. Whilst the reconstruction was progressing, he had built for himself a large palace, situated on the castle hill. The palace he built has since been demolished, together with the garden: the Summer Pavilon has been restored as the Pálffy Palace on Zámocká Street. In 1736, Francis Stephen of Lorraine, the future Holy Roman Emperor, resided there. After 1900, the garden was gradually replaced by new schools and campuses. The only part of the former palace that still exists is a small structure near Zámocká Street and the last remaining remnant of the garden is a hole near Podjavorinskej Street. The remainders of what was a large gardening enterprise can still be seen in the area.
Prepoštská Garden.
The Prepoštská Garden () was a large garden located between Pálffy Garden and Heindl Garden, at the end of today's Kozia Street. Podjavorinskej Street is located within the garden's boundaries.
It was grown with vineyards and fruit trees but also contained homestead buildings, some ploughed land and a vegetable shop, both leased out. Also, herbs were grown in this garden which were subscribed and delivered to the neighboring Slubek's distillery (). After the garden was divided into parcels, a new street was created at its place, named after Pressburg citizen, merchant and banker Teodor Edl - Edlova Street (today Podjavorinskej Street), and it was gradually replaced by houses on Zochova Street and Kozia Street.
Jesenák Garden.
Jesenák Garden was located at the north-east point of Prepoštská Garden and it belonged to baron Jan Jesenák. It was famous for its linden trees.
Lippay Garden.
This garden was acquired between the years 1607 to 1616 by the archbishop of Esztergom František Forgách as the place of the future summer residence of the Hungarian Pimates' (highest ranking church officials in the country at that time).
Archbishop Georg Lippay (who was archbishop from 1642 to 1666) had the garden converted into a renaissance garden of Eden by filling it with exotic plants and trees, fountains that used water taken from the mountain springs, artificial caves and a big water pool where horses used to bathe. The garden's masterpiece was a garden pavilion with walls encased in mosaic and streams of water flowing through a musical instrument similar to an organ. The structure even had streams of water ejected upwards from the roof. This garden's configuration did not last long and already in the 30's of the 18th century parts of the garden's fountains started to appear in various other fountains in Bratislava. The pavilion did not survive this period either. Lippay also had a new summer residence built on this property sometime during his tenure as archbishop.
Baroque gardens.
The most important Baroque gardens in Bratislava are the Koch Garden, which is inaccessible to the public, the Grassalkovich Garden and the Medic Garden.
Koch Garden.
Koch Garden is a protected area on Partizánska Street in Bratislava, established in the 1930s as part of the Karol Koch Sanatorium complex. It contains a large pool and many items of garden architecture such as benches, staircases, artificial hills, statues and winding walkways. Slovak botanist and dendrologist Jozef Mišák established an extremely varied and exotic garden. His goal was to achieve the garden's green look all around the year. The garden originally included 120 species of trees.
Today, it is an important bird nesting site in the city, because of its virtual lack of human presence.
Current issues.
Since 1993 all formerly municipal green areas are taken care of by the 17 city boroughs.
Currently, the most endangered park in Bratislava is the Park on Belopotockého Street. After 15 years of civic activity to save the park, as of 2012, there is no construction at the place of the park, but the park itself is destroyed.
Future park construction.
In April 2011, the Mayor of Karlova Ves Iveta Hanulíková publicly presented a plan to establish a new park in the Karlova Ves district of Bratislava, located behind the Shell gas station and the Allianz company building.
List of Bratislava's parks.
The following is a list of parks and gardens in Bratislava:
Parkettes:
Other places considered to be parks: <br>
"(Squares)"
"(Riverbanks)"
"(Other)"
The list does not include the city's cemeteries and children's playgrounds.

</doc>
<doc id="30968448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968448" title="Aplocera efformata">
Aplocera efformata

The Lesser Treble-bar ("Aplocera efformata") is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is known from Europe, Morocco and Anatolia.
It has a wingspan of 35–41 mm. There are two to three generations per year with adults on wing from the end of April to mid November.
The larvae feed on "Hypericum perforatum". Larvae can be found from June to August and from September to May. It overwinters in the larval stage. Pupation takes place beneath the soil.

</doc>
<doc id="30968483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968483" title="East Germany Olympic football team">
East Germany Olympic football team

The East Germany Olympic football team was from 1952 to 1990 the football team of East Germany, playing as one of three post-war German teams, along with Saarland and West Germany. 
After German reunification in 1990, the Deutscher Fußball Verband der DDR (DFV), and with it the East German team, joined the "Deutscher Fußball Bund" (DFB).

</doc>
<doc id="30968485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968485" title="Eilish McSorley">
Eilish McSorley

Eilish McSorley (born 24 April 1993) is a Scottish international footballer who plays as a defender for Glasgow City in the Scottish Women's Premier League and the Scotland national team.
Club career.
Between the age of six and twelve McSorley played for Girvan Boys Club. Before moving on to Ayr United GFC U–17's and then Kilmarnock LFC U–17. She joined Glasgow City in August 2008, and was promoted from the reserves into the first team for City's UEFA Women's Champions League campaign in 2009.
Having progressed through the Scotland age group sides from U–16 upwards, McSorley made her debut for the full Scotland national side against Cameroon in a July 2012 challenge match. 

</doc>
<doc id="30968486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968486" title="Alexander Misharin">
Alexander Misharin

Alexander Sergeevich Misharin (born January 21, 1959, Sverdlovsk, USSR) is the former governor of Sverdlovsk Oblast, a region in Russia. He was appointed in 2009 after resignation of the previous governor, Eduard Rossel and resigned on May 14, 2012. Prior to his governorship, he made a career in the railway industry, rising to Russia's Deputy Railway Minister. He was appointed first vice-president of Russian Railways and head of Skorostniye Magistrali, the Russian high-speed rail developer and operator on November 28, 2012.
Early life and education.
Alexander Misharin was born in Sverdlovsk in the family of railway employees. He went to school in the town of Artyomovsky, Sverdlovsk Oblast and graduated from the Ural State University of Railway Transport in 1981. He obtained his second university degree in economics from the same university in 1997 and defended a PhD thesis in railway computerization efficiency in 1999 for a degree in economics. Misharin defended a Doctoral thesis in engineering in 2005.
Career.
Misharin started his career at Sverdlovsk Railway Company in 1981 (until 1989) and was involved in construction of the metropolitan subway train system in Sverdlovsk from 1989 to 1991 as a senior engineer for electrical systems. After the launch of the subway in April 1991, Misharin went back to work for the Sverdlovsk Railway as head of electricity supply and was promoted to Chief Engineer in 1996.
He was appointed Russian Deputy Railway Minister in 1998, a position he held through June 2004, subsequently becoming Russia's Deputy Transport Minister until March 2009. Misharin sat on the Board of Directors of Russian Railways, the government-controlled railway, between 2005 and 2008. In 2008, he was serving as the Chairman of the Board of KrasAir. In March 2009, he was moved to head the Industry and Infrastructure Department of the Russian government.
In May 2012, Misharin resigned as a provincial governor. In January 2013, he was appointed Senior VP of Russian Railways and CEO of High Speed Railways, the railway monopoly's subsidiary.
Political career.
Misharin became a member of the United Russia political party, rising to membership in the party's General Council. Russian President Dmitry Medvedev nominated Misharin as candidate for Governor of Sverdlovsk Region position, and the regional Duma (legislature) confirmed his nomination, making him regional governor on November 17, 2009.
As regional governor, Misharin was involved in the creation of so-called Titanium Valley, a special economic zone and industrial park that will make products for the aircraft, automotive, shipbuilding and medical industries.
Misharin established and developed long-term international relationships related to commerce, investment, and culture; for example, he developed a strategical contact with American Chamber of Commerce in Russia, and the leading economic partner of the Oblast is Germany. In December 2011 Standard & Poor's credit rating service promoted the Sverdlovsk region's long-term rating from BB to BB+ with a stable outlook.
Misharin resigned on May 14, 2012.
Highlights of Misharin's term as a regional governor.
High-speed rail.
Misharin proposed construction of a high-speed railway connecting Moscow and Yekaterinburg at a Russian Executive Council’s meeting in November 2009 in Ulianovsk, emphasizing the new project’s importance for boosting mobility of the region’s residents and supporting innovative development of railway transportation and associated sectors. Misharin later promoted the railway project at the Strategic Partnership forum in Sochi. Misharin estimated the cost of the project at RUB 2.5 trillion.
Misharin proposed a RUB 17-billion high-speed rail connection between Yekaterinburg and Nizhniy Tagil, an industrial city about 150 km (100 miles) apart.The proposal aimed to replace enhanced-comfort commuter trains that are already running on this route, covering the distance in two and a half hours.
Misharin's interest in and knowledge of high-speed railway transportation led to his recent appointment as CEO of Skorostniye Magistrali, a Russian Railways subsidiary. Russian prime-minister Dmitry Medvedev signed the appointment on November 28, 2012. The subsidiary railway company is responsible for development of high-speed railways in Russia.
Innoprom.
Misharin ordered construction of the Ekaterinburg-Expo exhibition center to hold the second Innoprom exhibition. The project ran over budget, and half of the construction was abandoned. Innoprom 2011 was held in the completed part of the complex. 
World Cup bid.
After Russia’s bid to host the 2018 FIFA World Cup won, Misharin actively promoted Yekaterinburg as a host city for elimination-round games. FIFA granted the city host status in September 2012.
Verkhoturye.
Alexander focused on development of Verkhoturye, a 16th-century town of fewer than 10,000 residents and home to more than 40 Orthodox Christian temples. The regional government allocated significant amounts of funds to develop the town’s infrastructure and to promote it as a tourist destination. Misharin encouraged private investment in the project and corporate sponsorship. This project has been criticized on the grounds of its uncertain commercial potential.

</doc>
<doc id="30968511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968511" title="Ray Mehlbaum">
Ray Mehlbaum

Ray Mehlbaum is an American rock drummer and currently the drummer for Killing Bees.
Early life.
Born in Los Angeles, California, Mehlbaum was given his first drum set at age 9 as a gift from his uncle. He studied with Carmine Appice, Ed Shaughnessy, and Carl Tassi
Career.
Mehlbaum has recorded and or performed with a variety of artists including Automatic 7, Robby Krieger (Doors), Mato Nanji, Trever Keith (Face to Face), Tony Franklin, Rhett Forrester (Riot), Spencer Davis, Michael White & The White, Killroy, Dave King (Flogging Molly) and Brett Gurewitz (Bad Religion)

</doc>
<doc id="30968535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968535" title="Lintneria maura">
Lintneria maura

Lintneria maura is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Argentina and Bolivia.
The wingspan is about 80 mm. Adults have been recorded from May to October in Bolivia and from November to December in Argentina.
There are orange-yellow transverse median lines on the abdomen upperside. Adults have been recorded in late January in Brazil.
The larvae probably feed on Lamiaceae (such as "Salvia", "Mentha", "Monarda" and "Hyptis"), Hydrophylloideae (such as "Wigandia") and Verbenaceae species (such as "Verbena" and "Lantana").

</doc>
<doc id="30968545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968545" title="It's Not the End of the World (disambiguation)">
It's Not the End of the World (disambiguation)

"It's Not the End of the World" may refer to:<br>

</doc>
<doc id="30968548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968548" title="Johan de la Faille">
Johan de la Faille

Johan de la Faille (1626 or 26 December 1628 – 14 October 1713) was a member of the vroedschap in Delft. As a supporter of prince William III of Orange, he was appointed in 1672, the Year of Disaster after the First Stadtholderless Period, when the Dutch Republic was in danger.
Johan de la Faille was the owner of a famous curiosity cabinet, which was started by his grandfather and father, mainly of sea shells, including a specimen of the precious wentletrap "Epitonium scalare" and the cone shell "Conus cedonulli", as well as birds, Roman coins and medals, porcelain, tapestries and paintings.
Life.
The family De la Faille or Della Faille has its origin in Antwerp, some say in Naples and traded on the Levant already in 1540. The family split when around 1585 some members emigrated to the North of the Netherlands, c.q. Haarlem, Dordrecht, or Leiden, while they became protestant. His father was Barnardus la Faille living in Den Haag, a sort of accountant for the stadholder Maurice of Orange. He had married in 1618 with Elisabet Camerling, living in Delft.
Very little is known of Johan's life, he probably studied law, and visited France and Italy (1667). Johan married on 28 January 1671 with Anna (Margaretha) Delff, (1647–1715). The couple had four children: Johan Bernard, Cornelis, Abraham and Elisabeth. He was bailiff in Delft between 1680 and 1713.

</doc>
<doc id="30968551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968551" title="Blane Valley Railway">
Blane Valley Railway

The Blane Valley Railway was a railway line in Scotland, now closed.
The line was operated by the North British Railway. After the 1923 railway grouping the line was operated by the London and North Eastern Railway. Unable to compete in the face of road competition, the line was closed to passengers by British Railways in 1951 and closed completely in 1959.
History.
The Blane Valley Railway, extended the Campsie Branch of the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway into the countryside immediately south of the Campsie Fells. In this sparsely populated area the main item of carriage for the line was expected to be milk to be taken to Glasgow. An act for the new railway was obtained on 6 August 1861. The eight and a quarter miles opened for freight in November 1866 and passengers in July 1867 as far as a station named Killearn. In fact the station was about two miles short of Killearn. When the Strathendrick and Aberfoyle Railway extended the route in the 1880s a new station was built at with the previous station of that name renamed as . A new station built at Lennoxtown to by-pass the previous Campsie Branch terminus there.
In 1891 the railway company was absorbed by the North British Railway, which had operated the line and been a major shareholder from the start.
Closure.
By summer 1950 Blanefield was being served by five trains a day. The line closed to passengers the next year, on 1 October 1951. The line north from Campsie Glen closed completely eight years later, with the ending of the remaining goods services in October 1959. In April 1966 by the final remaining goods services operated, and the remaining line was closed and soon lifted.

</doc>
<doc id="30968552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968552" title="Employees' State Insurance">
Employees' State Insurance

Employees' State Insurance is a self-financing social security and health insurance scheme for Indian workers. For all employees earning or less per month as wages, the employer contributes 4.75 percentage and employee contributes 1.75 percentage, total share 6.5 percentage. This fund is managed by the ESI Corporation (ESIC) according to rules and regulations stipulated there in the ESI Act 1948, which oversees the provision of medical and cash benefits to the employees and their family through its large network of branch offices, dispensaries and hospitals throughout India. ESIC is an autonomous corporation by a statutory creation under Ministry of Labour and Employment, Government of India. As it is a legal entity, the corporation can raise loan and take measures for discharging such loans with previous sanction of Central Government. And also it can acquire both movable and immovable property and all incomes from the property shall vest with the corporations. The corporation can setup hospital either independently or in collaboration with state government or other private entities. But most of the dispensaries and hospitals are run by concerned state governments.
History.
In March 1923 before Indian independence B. N. Adarkar economist and later Governor of the Reserve Bank of India, was appointed by the Government of India to create a health insurance scheme for industrial workers. A year later the report he submitted became the basis for the Employment State Insurance (ESI) Act of 1948. The ESI Act was enacted in India in 1948, but come into reality from 25 February 1952, established in Kanpur and Delhi. Initially intended for workers working in factories and companies only. It is now applicable to all establishments having 10 or more workers including educational institutions, hospitals, etc., covering 15.5 million employees working with about 450,000 employers. Total beneficiaries as of 2011-12 are above 65.5 million.
Benefits.
In ESI scheme, a worker in insurable employment is called insured person (IP). Insured persons and their family are entitled to different types of benefits. The benefits are broadly classified into two: (1) Medical benefits and (2) cash benefits.
The employees registered under the scheme are entitled to medical treatment for themselves and their dependents, unemployment cash benefit in certain contingencies, and maternity benefit in case of women employees. In case of employment-related disablement or death there is provision for a disablement benefit and a family pension, respectively. 
Funeral Benefit to dependents of Insured Persons/Insured Women. Super Specialty Treatment through Private Tie Up Network as well as through its own Super Specialty Hospitals situated throughout India. Also ESI is constructing Medical and PG Medical, Dental Colleges in which it has set aside certain percentage of seats for children of Insured Persons.
Recently ESI taken a decision to make the 'dependent benefit' up to a ceiling of for all eligible dependants of a deceased person. Through this approximately 86000 dependants got benefit. From time to time ESI relaxes conditions for disbursement of Sickness Benefit and Super Specialty Treatment.
Outpatient medical facilities are available in 1398 ESI dispensaries, and through 1,678 empanelled private medical practitioners. Inpatient care is available in 145 ESI Hospitals and 42 Hospital annexes; a total of 19387 beds. In addition, several state government hospitals also have beds for exclusive use of ESI Beneficiaries. Cash benefits can be availed in any of 783 ESI centres lughout India.
Recent years have seen an increasing role of information technology in ESI, with the introduction of "Pehchan" smart cards in 'Project Panchdeep', India's largest e-governance project. In addition to insured workers, poor families eligible under the Rashtriya Swasthya Bima Yojana can also avail facilities in ESI hospitals and dispensaries. There are plans to open medical, nursing and paramedical schools in ESI hospitals.
Top executives.
Shri Anil Aggarwal, IAS is the Director General, Shri S.K.G. Rahate, IAS is the Financial Commissioner and Shri B.N. Tripathy, IPS is the Chief Vigilance Officer. Dr. S.R. Chauhan is the Medical Commissioner
Hospitals.
ESI has set up numerous hospitals all over the country. Currently more than 20 new hospitals are under construction, some of the hospitals include ESI Gulbarga, ESI Joka, ESI Chennai etc.. ESI has recently inaugurated their Medical College in Kollam, Kerala. ESI has a budget of to per hospital for services and amenities such as modular operation theatres, and medical gas pipeline systems..

</doc>
<doc id="30968560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968560" title="Al DeKruif">
Al DeKruif

Allan D. "Al" DeKruif (born February 3, 1956) is a Minnesota politician and a former member of the Minnesota Senate in which he represented District 25.
Politics.
Allan DeKruif represented District 25 which included:
DeKruif was first elected in 2010. He was a member of the Education, the Jobs and Economic Growth, and the Transportation committees. His special legislative concerns included the state's business climate and building the state budget with long term growth in mind. On May 21, 2011, he joined the Senate Republican Majority in voting for a constitutional amendment to define marriage as a legal bond exclusively between a man and woman.
Legislative Committees.
Dekruif was a member of the following legislative committees:
Information.
As a Republican, he is a consultant and owner of DeKruif Enterprises, Inc., This company not only handles the planning and permitting of super load moves across America, but it also runs the moving of large electric transformers into nuclear and coal-fired power plants and substations. He is also the owner of Sakatah Trail Resort in Madison Lake. He is a member of the Minnesota Patriot Guard, and served as a ride captain for two years.
Family.
DeKruif is married to Carol, and together they have two children named Jason and Melissa.
Education.
DeKruif attended the University of Minnesota in Waseca.
Organizations.
Al DeKruif has been a member of the following organizations:

</doc>
<doc id="30968568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968568" title="Kia Tam">
Kia Tam

The Kia Tam is an upcoming mini MPV and is very similar to the Kia Soul. Very little is known at the moment but one distinguishing feature is a sliding door on right side and a conventional door on the other. The model is likely to be launched around the end of 2012 or at the beginning of 2013 and the name Tam is likely to change.

</doc>
<doc id="30968569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968569" title="Lintneria phalerata">
Lintneria phalerata

Lintneria phalerata is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Argentina and Bolivia.
The length of the forewings is 40-45 mm. Adults have been recorded from January to March and in November.
The larvae probably feed on Lamiaceae (such as "Salvia", "Mentha", "Monarda" and "Hyptis"), Hydrophylloideae (such as "Wigandia") and Verbenaceae species (such as "Verbena" and "Lantana").

</doc>
<doc id="30968578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968578" title="Satrangee Parachute">
Satrangee Parachute

Satrangee Parachute is a Hindi-language film released 25 February 2011. The film revolves around an eight-year-old runaway kid who runs away from his village in Nainital to Mumbai with four of his friends.

</doc>
<doc id="30968580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968580" title="ISIRI 8318">
ISIRI 8318

ISIRI 8318 is a standard published by the Institute of Standards and Industrial Research of Iran (ISIRI) based on Directive 93/94/EEC and defines registration plate of two or three-wheel motor vehicles.

</doc>
<doc id="30968583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968583" title="Gil Gallagher">
Gil Gallagher

Lawrence Kirby "Gil" Gallagher (September 5, 1896 – January 6, 1957) was a shortstop in Major League Baseball. He played for the Boston Braves in 1922.

</doc>
<doc id="30968593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968593" title="Harry Arista Mackey">
Harry Arista Mackey

Harry Arista Mackey (June 26, 1869 – October 17, 1938) was an American football player and coach, lawyer, and politician. He served as the Mayor of Philadelphia from 1928 to 1931.
Born in Susquehanna, Pennsylvania, and a native of Bangor, Pennsylvania, Mackey was educated at the Scranton High School, Keystone Academy, Lafayette College, and the University of Pennsylvania Law School. He played football and baseball at Lafayette, where he captained both squads during the 1889–90 academic year. At Penn, he played football from 1891 to 1893, serving as team captain in 1893.
Mackey was admitted to the bar in Philadelphia in 1894. He served as the head football coach at Pennsylvania Military College, now Widener University, in 1894, and at the University of Virginia in 1895, compiling a career college football coaching record of 12–5.
Mackey died in 1938 in Philadelphia as the result of an automobile accident.

</doc>
<doc id="30968598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968598" title="DGUSA Uprising">
DGUSA Uprising

Uprising was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by Dragon Gate USA that was taped May 8, 2010 at the Mississauga International Centrein Mississauga, Ontario and aired on July 9, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="30968601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968601" title="ISIRI 8316">
ISIRI 8316

ISIRI 8316 is a standard published by the Institute of Standards and Industrial Research of Iran (ISIRI) based on Directive 93/33/EEC and Directive 99/23/EC. It defines protective devices intended to prevent the unauthorized use of two or three-wheel motor vehicles.

</doc>
<doc id="30968605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968605" title="Love in Rewind">
Love in Rewind

"Love in Rewind" is a song performed by Dino Merlin. It was Bosnia and Herzegovina entry at the Eurovision Song Contest 2011, performed in English.
Dino Merlin, the songwriter, stated that the song is about the life story of middle aged people.
The song placed sixth place in Eurovision and became Bosnia and Herzegovina's best result since 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="30968627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968627" title="Lintneria pitzahuac">
Lintneria pitzahuac

Lintneria pitzahuac is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Mexico.
It is similar in colour and pattern to "Lintneria lugens" and "Lintneria pseudostigmatica", but smaller than "Lintneria pseudostigmatica" and with narrower wings. There are very narrow, white segmental transverse bands on the abdomen upperside. The wing markings are all narrow and not so well defined. The fringe of the hindwing is almost completely white, with only a few dark dots in the veins.
The larvae probably feed on Lamiaceae (such as "Salvia", "Mentha", "Monarda" and "Hyptis"), Hydrophylloideae (such as "Wigandia") and Verbenaceae species (such as "Verbena" and "Lantana").

</doc>
<doc id="30968647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968647" title="ISIRI 8315">
ISIRI 8315

ISIRI 8315 is a standard published by the Institute of Standards and Industrial Research of Iran (ISIRI) in January 2006 based on Directive 2000/7/EC and Directive 92/61/EEC. It defines speedometers for two or three-wheel motor vehicles.

</doc>
<doc id="30968650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968650" title="Carla Nelson">
Carla Nelson

Carla J. Nelson (born May 22, 1957) is a Minnesota politician and member of the Minnesota Senate. A member of the Republican Party of Minnesota, she represents District 26, which includes portions of Olmsted County in the southeastern part of the state.
Early life, education, and career.
Nelson graduated from Drake University in Des Moines, Iowa, receiving her B.S. in special education. She went on to the University of Minnesota in Minneapolis, earning her M.Ed. in teacher leadership, and her reading specialist certification.
She is the owner of the Olmsted Group, an insurance and investment firm in Rochester. She was previously an elementary and middle school teacher in Rochester.
Minnesota Legislature.
Nelson was first elected to the Senate in 2010 and was re-elected in 2012. She previously served in the Minnesota House of Representatives from 2003 to 2005, and was a member of the House's Education Policy, Higher Education Finance, and Local Government and Metropolitan Affairs committees. Her special legislative concerns include health care, commerce, higher education, and taxes. Nelson was named an assistant minority leader in November 2012.
State Boards.
Nelson was an appointed member of the Minnesota Higher Education Finance Authority Board from 2005 to 2009, of the Capitol Area Architectural Planning Board (CAAPB) from 2005 to 2010, and of the Minnesota Academic Excellence Foundation Board from 2008 to 2010.
Personal life.
Active in her community, Nelson has served in leadership positions with Junior Achievement, a non-profit youth organization, on the University of Minnesota Citizens Advisory Council, and the Rochester Music Guild. She is vice president of Next Chapter Ministries, past president and a current member of the board of directors of Friends of Mayowood, a member of the Rochester Chamber of Commerce and its Government Affairs and Government Forums Committee, a member of the Rochester Rotary and its Community Service committee, and a former member of the Rochester Symphony, Orchestra, and Chorale, on which she was an Aspiring Conductor winner.

</doc>
<doc id="30968651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968651" title="Lintneria porioni">
Lintneria porioni

Lintneria porioni is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Peru.
The wingspan is 51-56 mm. The forewing upperside is dark grey, with conspicuous, strongly contrasting white markings and two white streaks, parallel to the veins. There is also a thin, white submarginal line parallel and very close to the outer margin and a white subbasal patch and white chevron distal to it along the hind margin.
There is probably one generation per year with adults recorded from late June to early August.
The larvae probably feed on Lamiaceae (such as "Salvia", "Mentha", "Monarda" and "Hyptis"), Hydrophylloideae (such as "Wigandia") and Verbenaceae species (such as "Verbena" and "Lantana").

</doc>
<doc id="30968658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968658" title="Alentejana cattle">
Alentejana cattle

Alentejana is a cattle breed from Portugal. The Alentejana breed has the protected geographical status of DOC ("Denominação de Origem Controlada") from the European Commission
Description.
Forehead - Slightly convex, especially in the transverse direction.
Ears - Well set, horizontal and covered with long hairs on its inner surface.
Eyes - The flower of the faces.
Bevel - Slightly convex, or even straight, and well delineated.
Faces - dry, leaving the muzzle posted.
Muzzle - Developed, with mirror staining identical to that of other mucosal or slightly pigmented.
Neck - In males, is thick, short, horizontal, provided with barb that extends to a large fold from the chin to the cilhadouro, with only a slight slowdown after last the throat area. In females, is much less thick, narrow upper lip and barb less developed.
Withers - Medium in width and slightly protruding.
Back - Long and moderately wide.
Loin or kidney - For wide.
Croup - Long, of good width and anterior muscular regularly.
Tail - Fine, falling in regular smooth curve from its insertion and finished a tassel and hairy.
Breaststroke - For outstanding.
Backing - Alto, slightly convex, but extending and rounding gradually as approaches the abdominal region.
Flank - Short.
Udder - for developed and regularly implemented.
Lining - Long and developed.
States - Of medium size and thickness, and mus guided and regular upright.
Shoulder - Long and wide.
Arm and forearm - Strong.
Thigh - long and large but shallow muscle mass.
Buttocks - for tending to decline and arched.
Extremities (hands and feet) - solid, wide joints.
Nails - Well shaped, solid and smooth, whose color ranges from amber to fiery.
Characteristics.
The race is represented by rustic, energetic and gentle animals that in the recent past were used to work.
Extension.
The breed region is circumscribed almost exclusively to the Southern Portuguese Region of Alentejo, in both, High and Low Alentejo.

</doc>
<doc id="30968665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968665" title="Big Thunder">
Big Thunder

Big Thunder may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="30968666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968666" title="Ramadan Ramadani">
Ramadan Ramadani

Ramadan Ramadani (1944–2005) was a distinguished Kosovar painter from Ferizaj, Kosovo (for most of his life), a town southwest of Kosovo's capital city Pristina. He finished high school in his home town and in 1967 he was accepted at the Institute of Pedagogy in Prishtina, where he studied figurative arts. During his studies he was awarded the “best freestyle drawing of the year” award, one of the most prestigious awards given to students.
Career.
In 1969 (in Ferizaj), he co-founded the Association of Figurative Artists named “Zef Kolombi” after a famous Albanian artist, an association which later organized numerous art exhibits all around Kosovo. In 1974, he comes back to Pristina where he works for Radio Pristina as a journalist and later as an editor. In 1977, he was accepted to The Academy of Arts where he graduates two years later after winning a number of awards such as: the best oil painting, the best drawing, the best sculpture, to name just a few. Soon after graduation (1980), he was honoured for his work by being accepted as a member of the Association of Figurative Artists of Kosovo where he contributed to over 30 art exhibits nationally as well as internationally. One of the exhibits where two of his paintings were sold was organized by UNESCO. He continued to work for Radio Prishtina until its forceful closure in 1990 by the Serbian local authorities.
Ramadan adored Rembrandt, Caravaggio, Velasquez, the impressionist Van Gogh, and surrealist Salvador Dalí. He favored oil painting technique, but loved expressing himself using pastel and freestyle drawing. He considered himself a realist even though he incorporated surreal elements in his work. His portfolio includes mainly still life paintings, many portraits as well as a self-portrait in pastel. In his artistic creations, Ramadan often portrayed the antiquity and traditions of his nation.

</doc>
<doc id="30968694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968694" title="Shapeshifting (Young Galaxy album)">
Shapeshifting (Young Galaxy album)

Shapeshifting is the third studio album by Young Galaxy, released on Paper Bag Records in February 2011. It was produced by Dan Lissvik of the Swedish duo Studio. Reviewed in "Pitchfork", Andrew Gaerig called it the band's "finest record".
The album was named as a longlisted nominee for the 2011 Polaris Music Prize.
Production.
The album was recorded by the three-piece in Montreal, Canada, then sent to Gothenburg, Sweden, where Lissvik reworked the material. The band and producer collaborated using Skype to communicate over the nine-month duration. The group's method to composing the songs was described by songwriter/singer/guitarist Stephen Ramsay as "nstead of picking up a guitar and finding the most brilliant melody we could, we tried to erase the shape of the songs." The band moved away from traditional verse-chorus structures towards a more "impressionistic" approach. Songs were written by Ramsay and McCandless, with Stephen Kamp playing bass.
Style.
The album is described as a departure from their previous recording, "Invisible Republic". Lissvik's more electronic-oriented roots resulted in "dance-inflected pop", as opposed to their more dream pop style on earlier records. Although Ramsay and McCandless share vocal duties on the recording, "Shapeshifting" sees singer/keyboardist Catherine McCandless moving into more of a "lead-singer role". 
Video.
Animated videos for "We Have Everything" and "Peripheral Visionaries" were produced by Montreal-based animator Sinbad Richardson.
Formats.
Released on compact disc and in MP3 format, the LP was also released in a limited-run, 180-gram white and blue-marble vinyl editions.

</doc>
<doc id="30968712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968712" title="Green liquor">
Green liquor

Green liquor is the dissolved smelt of sodium carbonate, sodium sulfide and other compounds from the recovery boiler in the kraft process. The liquor's eponymous green colour arises from the presence of colloidal iron sulfide. 
The green liquor is usually reacted with lime (CaO) in the "causticizing stage" to regenerate white liquor. Alternatively, green liquor can be used prior to white liquor to extract some hemicellulose.

</doc>
<doc id="30968727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968727" title="John Farquhar (arms dealer)">
John Farquhar (arms dealer)

John Farquhar (1751–1826), was a Scottish millionaire.
Farquhar was born of humble parents at Bilbo, parish of Crimond, Aberdeenshire. In early life he went to India as cadet in the Bombay establishment, but soon after his arrival received a dangerous wound in the hip, which seriously affected his health, and also occasioned a lameness incapacitating him for military service. He moved for the sake of his health to Bengal, and became there a free merchant. In his leisure he amused himself with chemical experiments, and the practical knowledge of chemistry thus acquired accidentally led to the acquisition of a fortune. The gunpowder manufactured at Pultah in the interior having been found unsatisfactory, Farquhar was selected by General (afterwards Marquis) Cornwallis, then governor-general of Bengal, to inquire into the matter and render his assistance. This proved so valuable that he was made superintendent of the factory, and ultimately became sole contractor to the government. His energy and ability soon acquired for him both wealth and influence, and he won the special confidence and favour of Warren Hastings.
When, after reaching middle life, Farquhar returned to England, he possessed a fortune of about half a million, invested by his banker, Mr. Hoare, in the funds. On landing at Gravesend he is said to have walked to London in order to save coach hire, and arrived at his banker's so covered with dust and so poorly clad that the clerks allowed him to wait in the cash office till Hoare accidentally passed through, and was with some difficulty persuaded to recognise him. Farquhar took up his residence in Upper Baker Street, Portman Square. His sole attendant was an old woman, and the house soon became conspicuous for its neglected appearance. His own apartment is said to have been kept sacred even from her intrusion; but the tradition that neither brush nor broom was ever applied to it is probably an exaggeration. He was often taken for a beggar in the street. At the same time he was princely in charitable contributions. He became a partner in the great agency house of Basset, Farquhar, & Co. in the city, and purchased a share in the famous brewery of Whitbread. His wealth, as it accumulated, was devoted partly to the purchase of estates, but the greater proportion was invested in the funds and allowed to increase. In 1822 he purchased Fonthill Abbey from William Thomas Beckford for 330,000l., and he occasionally resided there until the fall of the tower in December 1825, shortly after which he sold the estate. Though penurious in his personal habits he was fond of attending sales, and was a keen bidder for any object that struck his fancy. Notwithstanding his idiosyncrasies his manners were affable and pleasant. Besides having a special knowledge of chemistry he was an accomplished classical scholar, and also excelled in mathematics and mechanics. His religious beliefs were modified by his strong admiration of the moral system of the Brahmins. He wished to expend 100,000l. for the foundation of a college in Aberdeen, with a reservation in regard to religion; but on account of a difficulty about parliamentary sanction the scheme was not carried out. He died suddenly of apoplexy on 6 July 1826. His wealth amounted to about a million and a half, and as he had left no will it was divided among his seven nephews and nieces.
He is buried in St John's Wood Church, London with a monument to him by Peter Rouw.

</doc>
<doc id="30968728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968728" title="Quickfire (TV show)">
Quickfire (TV show)

Quickfire: 10-Minute Kitchen Wonders is a short-format television cooking show aired several times daily on GMA News TV, a subsidiary station of the GMA Network in the Philippines. The show only runs for a maximum of 10 minutes per airing and showcases recipes by its host, celebrity chef Rosebud Benitez. Occasionally, the TV show adopts a theme per season (e.g. "Seafood Festival Season", "Market Tour Season", etc.) and also features Filipino celebrities as guests.
In 2009, the GMA Network-owned GMA Records launched a series of DVD compilations of "Quickfire" highlight episodes which have been met with much commercial success.

</doc>
<doc id="30968747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968747" title="Lintneria pseudostigmatica">
Lintneria pseudostigmatica

Lintneria pseudostigmatica is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Mexico.
It is similar in size and pattern to "Lintneria eremitus", but the wings are slimmer, the ground colour of the head, thorax and forewing uppersides is more grey-brown, the abdomen underside is darker grey and the underside of both wings is more grey and less well-marked.
The larvae have been recorded feeding on "Salvia ballotaeflora".

</doc>
<doc id="30968757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968757" title="Irish Prison Service">
Irish Prison Service

The Irish Prison Service () manages the day-to-day running of the Irish penal system. Political responsibility for Irish prisons still rests with the Minister and governmental Department for Justice and Equality.
Budget and Staff.
In 2009 the Irish Prison Service had an annual budget of €379.319 million and it had a staff of 3,568 people.
History.
In 1928 the Minister for Justice of the Irish Free State, Kevin O'Higgins, dissolved by statutory instrument of the General Prisons Board, which had been established in the pre-independence era to manage the Irish prison system. Thus, the responsibility for the management of the Irish prison system devolved to the minister and his department.
The situation remained thus until in 1999 the Minister for Justice, Equality and Law Reform, John O'Donoghue established the Irish Prison Service as an agency to administrate over Irish prisons. Also in 1999 the Minister created the Prisons Authority Interim Board, whose members were appointed by the minister, as an advisory board to the Irish Prison Service. In 2002, the first Inspector of Prisons in the post-independence era, retired High Court Judge Dermot Kileen was also appointed by the Minister. None of these bodies, including the Irish Prison Service, has any statutory basis in Irish law.

</doc>
<doc id="30968768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968768" title="Lintneria smithi">
Lintneria smithi

Smith's Sphinx ("Lintneria smithi") is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from north-western Mexico, south-eastern New Mexico and south-eastern Arizona.
The wingspan is about 85 mm. It is similar in pattern to "Lintneria xantus", but structurally more similar to "Lintneria lugens". It is smaller than both, the forewing is shorter and more rounded.
The larvae have been recorded feeding on "Salvia" species. They are mottled white and grey-brown with a purplish tint.

</doc>
<doc id="30968769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968769" title="James Farquharson">
James Farquharson

James Farquharson (1781–1843) was a Scottish minister, scientific writer, and Fellow of the Royal Society.
Life.
Farquharson was the son of John Farquharson, excise officer at Coull, Aberdeenshire, and was born in that parish in 1781. After attending the parochial school at Coull he proceeded to King's College, Aberdeen, where he graduated M.A. in 1798, and in the same year was appointed schoolmaster of Alford, Aberdeenshire. He soon afterwards commenced his courses as a student of theology, and received license as a preacher. On 17 September 1813 he was ordained minister of Alford. 
On 28 January 1830 he was elected F.R.S. The university of King's College, Aberdeen conferred on him the degree of LL.D. on 25 February 1837. The following year he became an honorary member of the Société Française de Statistique Universelle. Among his correspondents were Davies Gilbert, Sir Edward Sabine, Sir William Hooker, and Sir David Brewster. 
He died on 3 December 1843.
Works.
In 1831 he published an essay, ‘On the Form of the Ark of Noah.’ This was followed by another treatise in which he gave an account of the animals designated in the Old Testament by the names of Leviathan and Behemoth. In 1838 he published at London ‘A New Illustration of the Latter Part of Daniel's Last Vision and Prophecy,’. 
He also communicated papers to the "Philosophical Transactions" of the Royal Society. Of these some are on the aurora borealis, which he studied closely for many years. In 1823 he published in the "Edinburgh Philosophical Journal" a more accurate description of the aurora than had previously appeared; and in the ‘Philosophical Transactions’ for 1829 he confirmed his views by new observations—showing that the arrangement and progress of its arches and streamers are exactly definite in relation to the lines of the earth's magnetism, and that there exist such close relations between the streamers and arches as to prove that they are in fact the same phenomenon. He also inferred, from his own observations, that the elevation of the aurora is far less than had been generally supposed, being confined to altitudes not extending far beyond the region of the clouds; and in a paper in the ‘Philosophical Transactions’ for 1830, besides detailing new proofs of its intimate connection with the magnetic needle, he showed that it was produced by the development of electricity by the condensation of watery vapour. In the volume for 1839 he gave a geometrical measurement of an aurora, one of the first attempted, which made its height less than a mile, and showed its dependency upon the altitude of the clouds. In the volume for 1842 he described an aurora which was situated between himself and lofty ‘stratus’ clouds. 
He wrote an elaborate paper on the formation of ice at the bottom of running water in the ‘Philosophical Transactions’ for 1836. Farquharson explained this phenomenon, already discussed by Arago and others, by the radiation of heat from the bottom of the stream cooling its bed, under certain conditions, more quickly than the water which is flowing over it. 
To the Royal Society Farquharson also communicated the results of the registers of temperature which he kept for a long period of years. This led him to investigate the origin and progress of currents of colder and warmer air moving over the face of a flat country surrounded by hills, and their effects upon vegetation. One of his papers on this head is that ‘On the Nature and Localities of Hoar Frost,’ which was published in the ‘Transactions’ of the Highland and Agricultural Society of Scotland for 1840. These disquisitions recommended their author to the notice of many of the foremost philosophers of the day. 
Farquharson also furnished the account of the parish of Alford for the ‘New Statistical Account of Scotland’ (xii. 485–524).
Family.
By his marriage, on 19 October 1826, to Helen, daughter of Alexander Taylor, he had a family of five sons and a daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="30968779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968779" title="Rhonda Jones">
Rhonda Jones

Rhonda Jones (Born 30 March 1979) is a Scottish association football defender who plays for Celtic women's team. Previously Jones captained Hibernian Ladies in Edinburgh and featured for English FA WSL club Doncaster Rovers Belles. She has amassed a century of caps for the Scotland national team. A right–back or central defender, Jones also played for Tampa Bay Hellenic in the United States.
Club career.
Jones played youth football with Motherwell Rovers then joined Ayr United Ladies at 16. In five years at Ayr, Jones won various Player of the Year awards, including SWPL Player of the Year, as well as the Scottish Cup in 1999. At the age of 21 Jones won a scholarship to Florida Atlantic University and competed for the Division 1 soccer team while completing a degree in graphic design. She became the most decorated athlete in the history of FAU's women's soccer program and won a place in the University Athlete Hall of Fame in 2009.
At the culmination of her studies Jones remained in America and played for semi-professional W-League clubs Central Florida Krush, Cocoa Expos and Tampa Bay Hellenic. She returned home to sign for Hibernian Ladies in September 2008, and captained the club to their 2010 Scottish Cup final win at Recreation Park. In May 2011 Jones appeared as a second–half substitute in Hibernian's 5–2 Scottish Women's Premier League Cup final win over Spartans.
Scottish coach John Buckley signed Jones for Doncaster Rovers Belles in July 2011, for the second half of the 2011 FA WSL season.
Jones has now put pen to paper with Celtic for the 2012 season.
International career.
Jim Fleeting called Jones into the senior Scotland squad at the age of 18, after spotting her playing for Ayr United. She made her debut against Estonia at Somerset Park in May 1998. In the semi final of the Albena Cup in April 1999, she scored Scotland's equalising goal against North Korea. Jones did not play for Scotland for four years while at University in America, but scored on her return to the team in September 2004. She headed in Suzanne Grant's corner in the last minute to give Scotland a 3–2 EURO 2005 qualifying win over Czech Republic at Victoria Park, Dingwall.
Jones reached the milestone of fifty caps for Scotland in a UEFA Women's Euro 2009 qualifying tie against Denmark at McDiarmid Park, Perth in October 2007.
In December 2011 Jones was one of four Celtic women's team players to be approached about playing for Team GB at the 2012 Olympics.
With Scotland 1–0 down to Republic of Ireland in their April 2012 EURO 2013 qualifier at Tynecastle Stadium, Jones scored a late equaliser as the Scots came back to win 2–1. The following month she made her 100th senior appearance for Scotland, in a 3–1 friendly win over Poland in Gdańsk.
Personal life.
Jones is employed as a sport development officer at Grangemouth Stadium and still lives in her hometown of Newarthill.

</doc>
<doc id="30968780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968780" title="Século Cup">
Século Cup

The Século Cup (Taça Século in Portuguese) is a Roller Hockey Clubs tournament in South Africa. Is sponsored by the Portuguese Language newspaper O Século de Joanesburgo.
Participated Teams in 2011.
ACPP, União Cultural Desportiva e Recreativa de Johannesburg, APF e Sporting Football Club Johannesburg.

</doc>
<doc id="30968789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968789" title="Lintneria tricolor">
Lintneria tricolor

Lintneria tricolor is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Dominica.
The wingspan is 95-100 mm. Adults have been recorded in June.
The larvae probably feed on Lamiaceae (such as "Salvia", "Mentha", "Monarda" and "Hyptis"), Hydrophylloideae (such as "Wigandia") and Verbenaceae species (such as "Verbena" and "Lantana").

</doc>
<doc id="30968810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968810" title="Lintneria xantus">
Lintneria xantus

Lintneria xantus is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Baja California and north-western Mexico.
The wingspan is about 90 mm. It is similar to "Lintneria istar", but is smaller, darker and less variegated and the median area of the forewing upperside has a strong pinkish tinge.
The larvae probably feed on Lamiaceae (such as "Salvia", "Mentha", "Monarda" and "Hyptis"), Hydrophylloideae (such as "Wigandia") and Verbenaceae species (such as "Verbena" and "Lantana").

</doc>
<doc id="30968823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968823" title="The DJ 6 in the Mix">
The DJ 6 in the Mix

The DJ 6 in the Mix is the 6th volume from "The DJ in the Mix" series mixed by the German DJ ATB. It was released by Kontor Records on the 31st of December 2010 and it features tracks produced by George Acosta, Amurai, Andy Duguid, The Thrillseekers, Andain and many more.
The compilation is structured on 3 CDs - CD 1 & 2 contain tracks that ATB is currently spinning during his gigs and the 3rd CD is compiled of tracks that André liked and enjoyed during his career as a DJ as well as producer.

</doc>
<doc id="30968828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968828" title="John Farquharson">
John Farquharson

John Farquharson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30968844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968844" title="Buergbrennen">
Buergbrennen

Buergbrennen is a celebration centred on a huge bonfire which takes place on the first Sunday in Lent in Luxembourg and surrounding areas. In Germany it is called "Burgbrennen", in France and Belgium it is known as the "dimanche des Brandons". It is based on old traditions representing the end of winter and the coming of spring.
Etymology.
The word "buerg" or "burg" originates from the Latin "burere" to burn. In the south of Belgium, the day is still known as "dimanche des Bures".
History.
The burning of fires apparently originated with pagan feasts in connection with the spring solstice on 21 March. The current tradition of holding it on the first Sunday of Lent is therefore probably an approximation based on the Christian calendar. While the tradition is waning in Belgium, France and Germany, since the 1930s Luxembourg has revived the Buergbrennen festivities with some 75% of villages celebrating the occasion. Originally the bonfire seems simply to have consisted of a heap of wood and straw but as time went by, a central pillar of tree branches was introduced. A crosspiece was later attached near the top of the pillar, giving it the appearance of a cross.
The buergbrennen was once celebrated only by the men in the village, women only being admitted under exceptional circumstances. The most recently married men played a special role, the honour of lighting the fire falling on the last man to have wed. But the newly-weds also had the responsibility of collecting wood for the fire or paying others to assist in the work. At the end of the festivities, they were expected to entertain those taking part, either at home or in local inns. The tradition began to die out in the 19th century because of the high costs involved, but in the 20th century local authorities revived the tradition, taking over responsibility for the arrangements and the costs involved.
Buergbrennen today.
The local authorities or youth organisations usually make the arrangements for the Buergbrennen. They collect wood, often old Christmas trees, from the inhabitants and make the "buerg" or bonfire, usually on the top of a neighbouring hill and clad with hay to ensure rapid burning. There is often a cross rising high above the centre of the fire. Torchlight processions to the bonfire sometimes take place and there are usually stands for food and drink. The firemen are present to ensure against accidents. In some areas, the most recently married couple have the honour of lighting the fire.

</doc>
<doc id="30968852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968852" title="Henry James Hyne">
Henry James Hyne

Henry James Hyne (1867–1936) was an Australian businessman and the mayor of Maryborough, Queensland from 1913-1918.
Early life.
Henry Hyne was born in 1867 in Queensland, the son of Richard Matthews Hyne and his wife Elizabeth (née Lambert).
Henry Hyne was educated at the Maryborough Grammar School.
Timber industy.
He entered his father's sawmill business in 1888. After his father's death in 1902, he took over as general manager and ran the company (Hyne & Son) until 1929.
Politics.
He was mayor of the City of Maryborough from 1913-1918.
Other.
Henry Hyne owned the Ayrshire cattle stud, Coolgregh.
Death.
Henry Hyne died in 1936.

</doc>
<doc id="30968857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968857" title="John Farquharson (Jesuit)">
John Farquharson (Jesuit)

John Farquharson (1699–1782), was a Scottish Jesuit.
Farquharson was born in the valley of Braemar, Aberdeenshire, on 19 April 1699, entered the Society of Jesus at Tournay. He completed his theology at the Scotch College, Douay, in 1729, and in October that year landed at Edinburgh to serve the mission. He was stationed at Strathglass, Inverness-shire, where he acquired a thorough knowledge of the Gaelic language. On 2 Feb. 1735–6 he made profession of the four vows. About 1745 he was taken prisoner while celebrating mass, and conveyed to Edinburgh in his sacerdotal vestments. After enduring many sufferings he was restored to liberty. Subsequently to the suppression of his order he lived principally in the valley of Braemar, where he died on 13 October 1782.
He formed an immense collection of Gaelic poetry. The original folio manuscript in his own handwriting he deposited in 1772 in the Scotch College at Douay. Instead, however, of its being carefully preserved, it was suffered to be thrown aside and to perish. The whole of the poems of Ossian were in this collection, and other compositions not known to Macpherson, or, at least, not published by him.

</doc>
<doc id="30968889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968889" title="Boyfriend (Big Time Rush song)">
Boyfriend (Big Time Rush song)

"Boyfriend" is a song recorded by American pop band Big Time Rush for their debut studio album "BTR" (2010). The song was produced by Lucas Secon and written by him and Wayne Hector. It features rap verses by American rapper Snoop Dogg. It was released as the album's second official single on February 8, 2011, and was solicited to mainstream radio on February 15, 2011, through Columbia Records. "Boyfriend" is a mid-tempo song that incorporates hip-hop and soulful pop sounds.
"Boyfriend" was met with mixed reviews by music critics; some praised it as a catchy single while others called it unoriginal and safe. Critics, however, praised Snoop Dogg for adding flavor to the song with his verses. The song was, however, a moderate success, charting in Austria, Germany, Mexico and the United Kingdom. In the United States, the song peaked at number seventy-two on the "Billboard" Hot 100, becoming their highest charting single to date, and earned a gold certification for sales of 500,000 downloads and recently went platinum in April 2014 with over 1,000,000 digital copies sold so far. The music video features the band in a futuristic club setting pursuing other girls there. The song also became was one of the biggest tracks of 2011 with over 16 million views collected on YouTube so far.
Background and composition.
"Boyfriend" was written and produced by Lucas Secon while Wayne Hector, credited as Wayne Anthony Hector, also provided writing. In addition to writing and producing, Secon programmed and arranged the song while performing on drums and synthesizers. Recording sessions took place at Westlake Recording Studios in Los Angeles, California, headed by Rob Kinelski, and at Mux Music Studios in London, England, headed by Secon and Pete Hoffman, both of which mixed the song. Editing through ProTools was done by Hoffman. Mintman performed on the guitars, bass and keys, which was recorded at the Westlake Recording Studios. "Boyfriend" was released as Big Time Rush's debut single on February 8, 2011, through digital distribution. A week later, on February 15, 2011, Columbia Records serviced the song featuring Snoop Dogg to contemporary hit radio and the version featuring the New Boyz to rhythmic crossover in the United States. On April 19, 2011, a new version of the song featuring the New Boyz was released for digital distribution.
"Boyfriend" is an uptempo pop song that utilizes styles of dance-pop, hip-hop and teen-pop. The song features the use of monochromatic beats, condensed instrument sounds, layered and tuned vocals and autotune. According to the digital music sheet published at Musicnotes.com by Sony/ATV Music Publishing, the song is composed in a key of E major. It is set in common time and has a moderate 4 tempo of 80 beats per minute. The band's vocals range from E3 to B5. It begins with a basic sequence of A-E-F#m-E and transitions to F#m-G#m-C#m as it chord progression. The song features rap verses from Snoop Dogg and the New Boyz. The lyrics pertain to being the ideal boyfriend for someone, indicated in lines like, "I don't care at all what you've done before, all I really want is to be your boyfriend."
Reception.
Critical response.
"Boyfriend" received a generally mixed response from contemporary music critics. Matt Collar of "Allmusic" called the "head-bobbin'" tune one of the album's highlights. Jessica Dawson of "Common Sense Media" called the song a "catchy single" that "lingers in your head, with the boys pouting, "B-b-boy-boy-boy-boy-boyfriend," and the tune's easy, hip-pop rhythm." Dawson also commented, " No doubt fans will be wishing the guys were singing to them", awarding the song a three star rating. Caroline Sullivan of "The Guardian" praised Snoop Dogg's verses, commenting that they add "pizzazz" to "an otherwise anodyne dance-pop tune." Alistair McGeorge of "Female First" called it a "safe, by-the-numbers pop track that heavily relies on over-production and autotone." Brandon Soderberg of "Popdust" gave "Boyfriend" a three star rating, commending Snoop Dogg for providing a contrast to the "oddball charm" he presents on his guest features on pop songs. Soderberg credited Snoop Dogg for "inject specificity into an otherwise pretty ordinary song" and further praised his verses for their placement, writing that they provide "a crucially rewarding sense of narrative."
Chart performance.
In the United States, "Boyfriend" entered the "Billboard" Hot 100 at number seventy-nine in the issue dated March 12, 2011. The song ascended and descended on the chart for several weeks before reaching its peak at number seventy-two in the issue dated May 7, 2011. "Boyfriend" shipped over 500,000 copies in the United States, earning a gold certification by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). it later went Platinum selling over 1,000,000 copies in the US by April 2014 . It also peaked at number thirty-two on the Pop Songs chart and at number fifty-eight on Hot Digital Songs. Across Europe, "Boyfriend" fared better on the charts. In Austria, the song peaked at number fifty-five on the singles chart. In Germany, the song debuted at number fifty-one and rose to number forty-nine in the next week.
Music video.
The video features with Snoop Dogg living in the year 2099, and inviting Big Time Rush from the present to perform and join a party from a portal. At the party, Kendall is drinking a futuristic drink with a girl, James is dancing with two girls outside, Logan is floating around with a girl outside on a light board, and Carlos is dancing with another girl. Solo shots of the boys performing the song and scenes of the entire group performing the song on a stage is intercut throughout the video. After Snoop Dogg performs his verse, he later waves good-bye and the group exit out of the portal into 2011. It currently has 17 million views on YouTube as of April 14, 2014.
Credits.
Credits adapted from "BTR" liner notes, Columbia Records.
External links.
Song Boyfriend to official internet site Big Time Rush – http://www.btrband.com/us/video/boyfriend-feat-snoop-dogg

</doc>
<doc id="30968894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968894" title="Football in Lesotho">
Football in Lesotho

The sport of football in the country of Lesotho is run by the Lesotho Football Association. The association administers the national football team, as well as the Premier League.

</doc>
<doc id="30968901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968901" title="Candice James">
Candice James

Candice James (1948) is a Canadian poet who became the poet laureate of New Westminster, British Columbia in June 2010. James has long been writing poems about New Westminster. She is a Director of The Royal City Literary Arts Society a full member of The League of Canadian Poets, creator of the "Poetic Justice" poetry reading group, creator of Slam Central spoken word group and creator of Poetry In The Park. The Spring 1980 Literary Press Group Catalogue published by the Association of Canadian Publishers described her book "A Split In The Water" as ""a first book by a self-taught poet characterized by brilliant imagery drawn from all facets of modern life."".
Re-appointed to a second term as the Royal City's poet laureate.
New Westminster city council appointed James to a second term as the city's Poet Laureate, a post she's held since 2010. 
The Poet Laureate is responsible for creating and presenting poetry and spoken word works to mark special civic events and functions. During her first term as Poet Laureate, James wrote poems for various civic events, including May Day, Remembrance Day and Canada Day celebrations. She also wrote a poem in honour of the city's granting of Freedom of the City designation to HMCS Discovery. 
As New Westminster's Poet Laureate, James has also highlighted the poetic literary scene in New Westminster helping to bring local poets to the forefront through poetry readings and poetry anthologies. She gathered works from local poets and facilitated the publishing of poetry books, Royal City Poets Anthologies (2011; 2012; 2013). The anthologies are available at the New Westminster Public Library and also distributed to libraries across Canada. James also features poems by various New Westminster poets in a monthly column she writes for a local publication. James said people need encouragement and recognition - and that's something she strives to provide local poets.
James was a professional musician-singer-songwriter for many years and is also a visual artist painting predominantly in the acrylic medium.
James' first book of poetry, A Split in the Water, was published in 1979. Since then, she's published three more poetry collections: Inner Heart - A Journey (2010); Bridges and Clouds (2011); and Midnight Embers - A Book of Sonnets (2012) reviewed in the Quill & Quire Magazine (Toronto). James, a longtime New Westminster resident, is also a board advisor to: The International Muse, India; The Federation of BC Writers; Poetry Life & Time; a past director of the board for SpoCan, the Canadian Festival of Spoken Word and has been appointed an honourary professor of the International Academy of Arts, Greece. 
The City of New Westminster has had a Poet Laureate since the appointment of Edna Anderson in 1998. Don Benson served as the city's Poet Laureate from 1999 to 2006. Anderson was later named Poet Laureate Emerita and Benson was named Poet Laureate Emeritus. James has been reappointed as the city's Poet Laureate from 2013 to 2016.
- written by Theresa McManus - The Royal City Record 
© Copyright (c) New West Record Read more:

</doc>
<doc id="30968908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968908" title="Surendra Srivastava">
Surendra Srivastava

Surendra Srivastava born on 18 August 1958 in Delhi, India, led Lok Satta Movement (Aandolan) in Maharashtra. He is now heading the Lok Satta Party in Maharashtra State. He is now the president of The Great Eastern Shipping Company.
Education.
Surendra Srivastava completed his schooling from Colaba Municipal School, Mumbai and graduated with a Bachelor of Commerce Degree (Hons) from Chinnai College, Mumbai University. Then he completed his Law Degree from K C Law College, Mumbai.
Political Views.
He is deeply influenced by Dr. Jayaprakash Narayan, the founder of Lok Satta Party

</doc>
<doc id="30968941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968941" title="Cadet Corps Medal">
Cadet Corps Medal

The Cadet Corps Medal is a military medal that was instituted by the Republic of South Africa in 1966. It was awarded to officers in the School Cadet Corps for twenty years efficient service. A clasp could be awarded after 30 years qualifying service.
The South African military.
The Union Defence Forces (UDF) were established in 1912 and renamed the South African Defence Force (SADF) in 1958. On 27 April 1994 it was integrated with six other independent forces into the South African National Defence Force (SANDF).
Orders, decorations and medals.
In April 1952 a series of military decorations and medals was instituted, consisting of substitutes for many of the British and Commonwealth awards which had earlier been used. More decorations and medals, as well as an emblem for being mentioned in dispatches, were added between 1953 and 1970. In July 1975 the military decorations and medals of the Republic were revised. Some decorations and medals were carried over from the earlier series of 1952-1975 and new awards were instituted, followed by more between 1987 and 1991. Finally, all but one of these earlier awards were discontinued in respect of services performed on or after 27 April 2003, when a new set of nine decorations and medals was instituted to replace them.
Fount of Honour.
Until 1958 the top three awards were reserved for conferment by the Queen while the rest were awarded by the Governor-General, but in 1958 the Governor-General was authorised to also award the top three. In 1961 the State President became the Fount of Honour, and in 1994 the President.
Cadet Corps Medal.
Prior to 1966 uniformed members serving in the Cadet Corps of the South African Defence Force were not rewarded for long and loyal service by means of a medal. The only existing medals for long service until then were the Permanent Force Good Service Medal and, for the Citizen Force, the John Chard Decoration and John Chard Medal. The De Wet Decoration for the Commandos was only instituted a year earlier in 1965.
This was corrected on 19 August 1966 with the institution of the Cadet Corps Medal. It was one of a few new decorations and medals that were introduced during the mid 1960s in addition to the ten awards that were instituted in 1952, to increase the range of possible awards for serving members.
Award criteria.
The Cadet Corps Medal was awarded to officers in the School Cadet Corps for twenty years efficient service, which did not have to be continuous. A clasp could be awarded after 30 years qualifying service.
The first awards of the Cadet Corps Medal were promulgated in South African Defence Force Order 134/67 on 24 November 1967. It was awarded to deserving officers in the Cadet Corps annually after 1967.
In August 1976 the SADF transferred all serving officers in the Cadet Corps to either the Citizen Force or the Commandos. Since they now became eligible for the long service awards of either of these two elements of the Force, depending on which one they were integrated into, the requirement for the Cadet Corps Medal lapsed and it became obsolete. The award of the Cadet Corps Medal was consequently discontinued in respect of Cadet Corps officers who reached the qualifying period of service after August 1976. The final award of the Cadet Corps Medal was promulgated in 1978 in South African Defence Force General Order 60/78.
Between 1967 and 1978 the Cadet Corps Medal was awarded to 95 officers. Three clasps to the Cadet Corps Medal were awarded, two in 1968 and one in 1971.
Order of precedence.
The position of the Cadet Corps Medal in the official order of precedence was revised three times to accommodate the inclusion or institution of new decorations and medals, first with the integration into the South African National Defence Force on 27 April 1994, again when decorations and medals were belatedly instituted in April 1996 for the two former non-statutory forces, the Azanian People's Liberation Army and Umkhonto we Sizwe, and again when a new series of military decorations and medals was instituted in South Africa on 27 April 2003, but it remained unchanged on all three occasions.
Description.
The Cadet Corps Medal is a medallion struck in silver, 3 millimetres thick and 38 millimetres in diameter, depicting the prancing springbok emblem of the School Cadet Corps of the South African Defence Force, surrounded by a wreath of proteas and inscribed "CADET CORPS MEDAL" at left and "KADETKORPSMEDALJE" at right.
The reverse has the pre-1994 South African Coat of Arms.
The ribbon is 32 millimetres wide, with an 8 millimetres wide dark blue band and a 1½ millimetres wide white band, repeated in reverse order and separated by a 13 millimetres wide orange band. Orange, white and dark blue were the colours of the pre-1994 South African flag.
The clasp was struck in silver with the prancing springbok emblem embossed in the centre of the bar.
Status.
Since the Cadet Corps Medal became obsolete in August 1976 when the Cadet Corps was absorbed into the Citizen Force and the Commandos, the medal was officially discontinued in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="30968962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968962" title="Yadolah Dodge">
Yadolah Dodge

Yadolah Dodge (born March 30, 1944) is an Iranian and Swiss statistician. His major contributions are in the theory of operational research, design of experiments, simulation and regression.
He spent his early years in Abadan, Iran. He went then to the Gundeshapur or Jundi Shapour University and obtained his Post Licentiate in Engineering in Agriculture in 1966 with distinction. He got his PhD at the Oregon State University in 1974.
In the 1980s he became professor of statistics at the University of Neuchâtel, Switzerland, where he is a professor emeritus. He is author of more than 60 papers and 25 books, many of which have appeared in multiple editions.

</doc>
<doc id="30968969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968969" title="Football in Liberia">
Football in Liberia

The sport of football in the country of Liberia is run by the Liberia Football Association. The association administers the national football team, as well as the Premier League. Football is the most popular sport in the country and George Weah is the country's greatest ever player.

</doc>
<doc id="30968972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968972" title="Lapara halicarnie">
Lapara halicarnie

Lapara halicarnie is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Florida.
The larvae probably feed on "Pinus palustris" and "Pinus taeda".

</doc>
<doc id="30968977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968977" title="Thomas Jewell Bennett">
Thomas Jewell Bennett

Sir Thomas Jewell Bennett (16 May 1852 in Wisbech – 16 January 1925 in Hans Place, London) was a British journalist and Conservative Party politician. He is most notable as an editor of "The Times of India", as well as its principal proprietor. He was also the Member of Parliament (MP) for the Sevenoaks constituency from 1918 to 1923.
Bennett took up the career of journalism and became assistant editor of the "Western Daily Press" in Bristol, after which he was a leader writer at "The Standard". In 1884 he went out to Bombay in British India, where for eight years he was an associate editor of the "Bombay Gazette". He was later both editor and principal proprietor of the "Times of India". He left India in 1901, when 3,000 Guzerat farmers presented him with an address thanking him for supporting their grievances. In 1902 he was awarded the silver medal of the Society of Arts for an article on the British in the Persian Gulf and became a Fellow of the University of Bombay.
He contested the Brigg constituency unsuccessfully in 1910 before being elected for Sevenoaks in 1918. He also represented the Diocese of Rochester in the National Assembly of the Church of England.

</doc>
<doc id="30968978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30968978" title="Bahraini Constituent Assembly election, 1972">
Bahraini Constituent Assembly election, 1972

Constituent Assembly elections were held in Bahrain on 1 December 1972. All candidates ran as independents. A total of 15,385 votes were cast (although not all constituencies were contested), giving a turnout of 88.5%. However, only 12.5% of the population were registered voters at the time.
The constituent assembly was charged with drafting and ratifying a constitution, following Bahrain's independence from Britain in 1971. The law drawn up by the government restricted the electorate to male citizens aged twenty years or over.
The assembly consisted of twenty-two delegates who were elected by the public, along with eight delegates appointed by the Amir, and the twelve members of the royally-appointed Council of Ministers in their ex-officio capacity.
The constituent assembly and its election were regulated by Legislative Decrees No. 12 and 13 of 1972.
The Constituent Assembly drafted and ratified the 1973 Constitution of Bahrain.

</doc>
<doc id="30969006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969006" title="Lapara phaeobrachycerous">
Lapara phaeobrachycerous

The Gulf Pine Sphinx ("Lapara phaeobrachycerous") is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from pine forests in Mississippi and eastern Louisiana.
The wingspan is 64-78 mm. The upperside of the forewing is charcoal gray to brownish gray with white scales and one or two black dashes. The upperside of the hindwing is uniform charcoal gray to brownish gray.
There are five generations per year with adults on wing from April to October in Louisiana.
The larvae probably feed on "Pinus" species, such as "Pinus palustris" and "Pinus taeda".

</doc>
<doc id="30969016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969016" title="Barrosã cattle">
Barrosã cattle

Barrosã is a cattle breed from Portugal. The Barrosã breed has the protected geographical status of DOC ("Denominação de Origem Controlada") from the European Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="30969024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969024" title="Allsvenskan play-offs">
Allsvenskan play-offs

The Allsvenskan play-offs was a Swedish football cup held to decide the Swedish football champions between 1982 and 1990. The cup was created to increase the average attendance for Allsvenskan since public interest had dropped remarkably in the previous years. The four best placed teams in Allsvenskan qualified for the cup. The cup was succeeded by Mästerskapsserien to decide the champions.

</doc>
<doc id="30969028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969028" title="State Research Center for Optics and Material Sciences (OPTIMAS)">
State Research Center for Optics and Material Sciences (OPTIMAS)

The State Research Center for Optics and Material Sciences (OPTIMAS) connects two areas of research for which the University of Kaiserslautern has a national and international reputation, founded upon relevant contributions to the development of laser physics, photonics and plasmonics. Researchers in Kaiserslautern have also been prominent in the development of magnetic, electronic and molecular materials, as well as thin films, nanostructures and ultracold quantum gases. In order to continue building on this research foundation, OPTIMAS has been established at TU Kaiserslautern within the framework of the research initiative of the state of Rhineland-Palatinate.
Research at OPTIMAS.
OPTIMAS combines natural and engineering sciences in the research areas of optics and material sciences. 
The participating researchers bring together their expertise in the areas of 
Their multifaceted projects include both fundamental and technologically oriented research, and fall under the general theme of "Light – Spin – Matter". Several OPTIMAS research objectives are thematically extremely broad and can only be pursued through the combination of multiple model-based and experimental approaches.
The "Light – Spin – Matter" core unites diverse cutting-edge research areas such as 
A typical example of the wide range of OPTIMAS research objectives is Spin Engineering.
This research area ranges from 
Spin engineering also leads to applications, for example in the development of new materials for computer memory and novel sensors. Investigations into spin engineering have already been carried out at TU Kaiserslautern from various perspectives and will be advanced further in a more efficient way under the aegis of OPTIMAS.
Members.
Research groups from three different departments at TU Kaiserslautern – Physics, Chemistry and Mechanical Engineering – are members of OPTIMAS. Several additional research centers and institutions are also members: 
The balance between theoretical, experimental, and applied research groups is characteristic for the Research Center. Since OPTIMAS is a dynamic research association whose primary research themes are on a path of continuous development, its membership composition is likewise continuously adapting. 
Most of the scientists of OPTIMAS are in their international scientific community well known due to their publication activity in internationally journals (e.g. Nature, Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America, Physical Review Letters, Journal of the American Physical Society, Angewandte Chemie, International Edition).
The current manager of operations at OPTIMAS, professor Martin Aeschlimann is also a member of the External Advisory Board of PULSE Laboratory at Stanford University. Another member of OPTIMAS is Burkard Hillebrands in addition he is a member of various international scientific associations e.g. IEEE (Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers) and APS (American Physical Society).
Transregional Collaborative Research Centers.
Under the roof of OPTIMAS two Transregional Collaborative Research Centers (CRC = Sonderforschungsbereich SFB) of the German Science Foundation (DFG) are operated:
These research programs by the German Science Foundation are internationally highly reputed due to their funding amount (e.g. 12 million € for SFB/TRR 88 for 2011–2014) and their long-term perspective. Although renewals after 4 years periods are required, a 12 year perspective of the research program is the most relevant criteria for approval of a SFB consortium and in the end, is the overall funding period.
In addition, one of the first German-Japanese joint Research Units by DFG and the Japanese Science and Technology Agency (JST), the Research Unit FOR 1464 „Advanced Spintronics Materials & Transport Phenomena (ASPIMATT)“ is integrated in OPTIMAS. It brings together scientists of University of Kaiserslautern with Johannes Gutenberg University Mainz and Tohoku University (Sendai, Japan).
Goals of OPTIMAS.
The strategic aim of OPTIMAS is to further advance research and education in the interdisciplinary areas of photonics, spintronics, molecular and magnetic functional materials, and nanostructures.
A definitive expression of these goals was the implementation of the OPTIMAS graduate program (funded by the Carl Zeiss Foundation) in 2009. OPTIMAS is furthermore actively involved in the appointment of highly acclaimed scientists as well as in the recruitment of young scientists (e.g. Junior Professors). OPTIMAS supports the funding acquisition of its associated research groups by strengthening their research infrastructure, such as by maintaining and upgrading research equipment, and by interdisciplinary networking.
Sources.
Homepage OPTIMAS

</doc>
<doc id="30969038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969038" title="Patrick Thomas (graphic artist)">
Patrick Thomas (graphic artist)

Patrick Thomas was born in Waterloo, Liverpool in 1965. He studied at Central Saint Martins School of Art and The Royal College of Art. In 1991 he relocated to Barcelona where in 1997 he founded Studio laVista, a multidisciplinary art space, silkscreen press and archive. Currently he lives and works in Berlin and Barcelona. In 2005, he was as elected a member of Alliance Graphique Internationale (AGI). Since October 2013 he is a professor of kommunikationsdesign at Staatliche Akademie der Bildenden Künste Stuttgart.
He has been described by Steven Heller as an ‘iconographiste,’ combining iconic images to create a powerful message and make them his own. In 2009, Khoi Vinh (former Design Director of New York Times) described his work as ‘gorgeously screened, conceptually challenging graphic art as commentary.’
In recent years he has exhibited his limited-edition silkscreens worldwide including solo and collective exhibitions at the New York Times, the International Center of Photography and the School of Visual Arts in New York, the Nelly Duff Gallery and the Victoria & Albert Museum in London, the Centre de Cultura Contemporània de Barcelona and the Palau de la Virreina in Barcelona, the Narrows Gallery in Melbourne, the Salvador Dalí Museum in Florida, the Santralistanbul Contemporary Art Center in Istanbul, the Museum für Gestaltung in Zurich, the Triennale di Milano in Milan, the Tropenmuseum in Amsterdam, the Museum für Angewandte Kunst in Frankfurt, and the Ginza Graphic Gallery in Tokyo.
Publications.
Black and White, Paperback, 96 pp. Studio laVista, Barcelona, Spring 2005, Languages: English, Spanish, Catalan, ISBN 84-609-5046-8 
Protest Stencil Toolkit Paperback, 144 pp. Laurence King Publishing, London, May 2011, Language: English, ISBN 978-1-85669-766-8. 
Thomas' work has been featured in political publications such as Head to Head: Political Portraits, edited by Museum of Design Zürich
In the past he has contributed to the New York Times Book Review and Op-Ed sections

</doc>
<doc id="30969041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969041" title="Big-Head Schizothoracin">
Big-Head Schizothoracin

The Big-Head Schizothoracin ("Aspiorhynchus laticeps") is a species of fish in the Cyprinidae family. It is found only in Bosten Lake and the Yarkand River in Xinjiang, China.
It is the only member of its genus.

</doc>
<doc id="30969057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969057" title="Borobudur ship">
Borobudur ship

A Borobudur ship is the 8th-century wooden double outrigger, sailed vessel of Maritime Southeast Asia depicted in some bas reliefs of the Borobudur Buddhist monument in Central Java, Indonesia. This has been designated as a World Heritage Site by UNESCO. The ships depicted on Borobudur were most likely the type of vessels used for inter-insular trades and naval campaigns by the Sailendran and Srivijayan thalassocracy empire that ruled the region around the 7th to the 13th century. The function of the outrigger was to stabilize the ship; a single or double outrigger canoe is the typical feature of the seafaring Austronesians vessels. It is considered by scholars to have been the most likely type of vessel used for their voyages and exploration across Southeast Asia, Oceania, and the Indian Ocean. 
In the late 20th century, Philip Beale, a British sailor, became interested in depictions of the ship at Borobudur and decided to reconstruct one. Aided by government and international bodies, he organized an expedition team that constructed the ship and, from 2003 to 2004, sailed it from Indonesia to Madagascar and to Ghana, proving that long-distance trade had occurred. The Samudra Raksa Museum was constructed at Borobudur Archeological Park to house the ship, opening in 2005, and provides other displays to interpret the ancient maritime history of Indonesians.
Borobudur ship expedition.
Based on archeological and other evidence, scholars have learned that the "bas reliefs" of Borobudur depict the everyday life of 8th-century ancient Java, from courtly palace life to that of commoners in the village. An array of temple, marketplace, architecture, flora and fauna, dress, jewelry and fashion are portrayed, as well as modes of transportation including palanquins, horse carriages and ships. 
In 1982, Philip Beale, a British sailor who previously served in the British Royal Navy, visited Borobudur to study traditional ships and marine traditions; he became fascinated with ten bas-relief images of ancient vessels depicted on Borobudur. He planned to reconstruct this ancient ship and to reenact the ancient maritime trade route. Working from very limited data — five stone carvings — but also his extensive naval experience, Beale organized an expedition team to reconstruct the ship and sail it from Jakarta in Indonesia to Madagascar, and then around the Cape of Good Hope to the west coast of Africa. He enlisted artisan experts and scholars in the effort. 
Extensive research and design work preceded the building of the ship by a team of experienced Indonesian ship builders, based in the Kangean Islands some 60 miles north of Bali. Nick Burningham, an acknowledged expert on Indonesian watercraft and maritime archaeology, supervised the building of the vessel. The ship was built by Assad Abdullah al-Madani, a seasoned Indonesian traditional ship builder, and his men, with little more than a balsa wood model that Burningham had created to help him. The vessel is named "Samudra Raksa" (defender of the seas) and was inaugurated in Benoa Harbor, Bali on 15 July 2003 by the Minister for Tourism and Culture of the Republic of Indonesia, I Gede Ardika, together with Philippe Delanghe, UNESCO Office Jakarta Program Specialist for Culture.
The expedition took place during the 6 months from August 2003 until February 2004. It started in Tanjung Priok harbour, Jakarta on 30 August 2003, launched by President Megawati Sukarnoputri, and arrived in the port of Tema, Accra, Ghana on 23 February 2004. The epic voyage demonstrated ancient trading links between Indonesia and Africa (in particular Madagascar and East Africa). Vessels traveled by what was historically called the "Cinnamon shipping route" from Indonesian waters across the Indian Ocean to the Seychelles, Madagascar, and then past South Africa to Ghana for trade.
Today the "Samudra Raksa" is housed and displayed in Samudra Raksa Museum, located a few hundred meters north of Borobudur temple within the complex of Borobudur Archaeological Park. The Ship Museum Samudra Raksa was opened by Coordinating Minister for Welfare, Prof. Dr. Alwi Shihab of the Republic of Indonesia, on 31 August 2005. It was a tribute to the crew and all who worked with and supported the Borobudur Ship Expedition.
On stamps.
This style ship has been memorialized on stamps: one image from the bas-relief on the temple, and the other to commemorate the Borobudur Ship Expedition of 2003-2004.

</doc>
<doc id="30969071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969071" title="Nannoparce balsa">
Nannoparce balsa

Nannoparce balsa is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="30969088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969088" title="Creal Reef Light">
Creal Reef Light

Creal Reef Light is an active lighthouse located at Creal Reef, a planar reef about east of Mackay, Queensland, Australia. It guides ships outgoing from Mackay into Hydrographers Passage, a deep water channel east of Mackay. The structure is a stainless steel tower, which also serves as a daymark and carries a racon.
Creal Reef.
Creal Reef is a middle shelf planar reef with an area of . It was named in the late 1920s by Captain John A. Edgell (RN) on the survey ship HMAS "Moresby", during the "Moresby" survey of the Cumberland Channel inside the Great Barrier Reef. It was named after Denis A. J. Creal, a pilot with the No. 101 Flight RAAF who assisted the "Moresby" with her surveys.
Structure and display.
The structure, established in April 1985, is a stainless steel skeletal tower with a white lantern, standing on a reinforced concrete hut, supported on four piles. The total height from the ground to the top platform is . The light shares the location with an automatic weather station.
The current light characteristic is a white flash every 7.5 seconds (Fl.W. 7.5s) visible for a distance of . The apparatus is a solar powered VRB-25 rotating at 1.33 rpm. The light source is a 12 Volt 75 Watt Halogen lamp with an intensity of 104,000 cd. The racon, mounted at an elevation of , transmits a morse code "M" (- -) for a distance of .
The daymark, displayed at above MHWS, comprises two orange slats on the northern and western faces.
Site operation and visiting.
The site and the tower are operated by the Australian Maritime Safety Authority. The island is accessible only by boat, and both the site and the tower are closed to the public.

</doc>
<doc id="30969094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969094" title="Nannoparce poeyi">
Nannoparce poeyi

Nannoparce poeyi is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Mexico, Cuba, Jamaica and the Dominican Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="30969115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969115" title="Jarmelista cattle">
Jarmelista cattle

Jarmelista is a cattle breed from Portugal, near the highest Mountain in Continental Portugal, Serra da Estrela. 
Habitat.
The breed region is circumscribed exclusively to the Central Portugal in Guarda district. 

</doc>
<doc id="30969129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969129" title="Neogene albescens">
Neogene albescens

Neogene albescens is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="30969155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969155" title="DaDaBIK">
DaDaBIK

DaDaBIK is a commercial software (formerly GPL) written in PHP for quickly creating a CRUD (create, read, update, delete) database front-end or a simple database-driven application without coding.
The DBMSs currently supported are: MySQL, PostgreSQL and SQLite.
History.
DaDaBIK was released the first time in 2001 on SourceForge under the GNU General Public License by Eugenio Tacchini and worked only on MySQL.
With the version 4.5 release in June 2012, the license has been changed from GPL to a proprietary "DaDaBIK 1.0" license which requires payment before downloading, and prohibits further redistribution. The (old) GPL code has been removed from the official website and from the Sourceforge project but can still be distributed freely.
Version 6 has introduced some new features including the possibility to add custom (hand-coded) PHP pages to a DaDaBIK application.
Current status.
The current last release is the 6.0 (released on March 25, 2014).
DaDaBIK is maintained by its original author; a group of volunteers handle the translation of the front-end (available in 17 languages).
Features.
Some of the main features are: forms customization (e.g. labels, different types of HTML input field, content check), table-driven listbox values, master/details view, files upload, export to CSV, checking for possible duplication during insertions, authentication, authorization restrictions on view/update/delete, and e-mail notices.
Popularity.
DaDaBIK has been used by several big organizations like the University of Cambridge and the Università Cattolica del Sacro Cuore and it is one of the most popular PHP database tools.
Meaning of the name.
DaDaBIK is a recursive acronym which stands for: "DaDaBIK is a DataBase Interfaces Kreator".

</doc>
<doc id="30969165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969165" title="Neogene carrerasi">
Neogene carrerasi

Neogene carrerasi is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="30969176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969176" title="Garvonesa">
Garvonesa

Garvonesa is a cattle breed from Portugal.
Description.
Coat - dark red or brown.
Head and neck - very dark.
Profile-convex.
Horns - developed, based on head-back and down, then up to frentee.
Corpulence - high.
Extension.
The breed region is circumscribed exclusively to the Southeast Portugal in Beja and Setubal district.

</doc>
<doc id="30969199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969199" title="Neogene dynaeus">
Neogene dynaeus

Neogene dynaeus is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Brazil.
It is similar to "Neogene reevi". There is an oblique, more or less interrupted, grey apical band on the forewing upperside that usually joins the grey, transverse discal band. The hindwing upperside is more or less suffused with brown and the brown marginal band is not sharply defined.

</doc>
<doc id="30969220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969220" title="Prajadhipok (aircraft)">
Prajadhipok (aircraft)

The Prajadhipok () was a single-seat fighter, the second indigenous Siamese (now Thai) aircraft design.
In 1929, Lieutenant Colonel Luang Neramit Baijayonta designed the aircraft, which was named "Prajadhipok" after His Majesty King Prajadhipok (Rama VII). It was the second Siamese designed and built aircraft and the first Siamese designed and built fighter, now called Fighter Type 5.

</doc>
<doc id="30969222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969222" title="Universal Short Title Catalogue">
Universal Short Title Catalogue

The Universal Short Title Catalogue (USTC) brings together information on all books published in Europe between the invention of printing and the end of the sixteenth century, creating a powerful resource for the study of the book and print culture.
The project has a searchable interface, which brings together data from established national bibliographical projects and new projects undertaken by the project team based at the University of St Andrews, with partners in University College, Dublin. This new work builds upon the principles established by the St Andrews French Vernacular Book project, completed and published in 2007 ("FB" volumes 1 & 2).
New work undertaken in St Andrews has created bibliographies of Latin books published in France ("FB" volumes 3 & 4) and of books published in the Low Countries ("NB"). The project team has also collected and analysed information on books published in Eastern Europe and Scandinavia. Meanwhile, partners in University College, Dublin created a bibliography of books published in the Iberian Peninsula ("IB").
In 2011 this was all brought together with information on books published in Italy, Germany and Britain to create a fully searchable resource covering all of Europe. This provides access to the full bibliographic information, locations of surviving copies and, where available, digital full text editions that can be accessed through the database. All told, this information encompasses approximately 350,000 editions and around 1.5 million surviving copies, located in over 5,000 libraries worldwide.
The USTC also hosts a series of conferences held annually in St Andrews in September. The project is also associated with the Library of the Written Word published by Brill, also the publishers of the printed bibliographies.
The USTC is funded via a grant from the Arts and Humanities Research Council. A related project on medical books in the sixteenth century is funded by the Wellcome Trust.
History.
The USTC project began as the St Andrews French Vernacular Books Project in 1997 with a survey of all books printed in the French language.
This led to a world-wide search, with the team conducting research in over 150 libraries over the course of a ten year research project. The St Andrews project team were able to develop a database containing information on over 52,000 editions, surviving in over 175,000 copies located in 1,600 libraries world-wide. Of these books around thirty per cent were located only in libraries outside France; almost half, 22,000 are known only from a single surviving copy.
The project was sustained by a sequence of grants from the Arts and Humanities Research Council and British Academy. With the most recent grant for the new USTC project, this is the largest sequence of grants won in open competition by a Humanities project at the University of St Andrews.
At its conclusion the French project led to publication of a two volume hard copy short title catalogue: "FB. French Vernacular Books. Books published in the French language before 1601."
Research Environment.
The invention of printing in the fifteenth century revolutionised information culture, vastly multiplying the number of books in circulation. It had a transforming impact on the intellectual culture of the Renaissance. The invention attracted enormous attention, and the art of printing spread quickly through the European continent. In the next 150 years publishers brought out a huge number of texts in a large range of disciplines. These included thousands of Bibles as well as milestones of scientific publication. Printing also stimulated the production of new types of books, such as news pamphlets, and the influential propaganda works of the Protestant Reformation. Overall this amounted to a huge volume of books: at least 350,000 separate editions, a total of around two hundred million printed items.
The history of print has always played a central role in the development of modern European society. Despite this, the knowledge base on which such interpretations are based is surprisingly flimsy. Astonishingly, to this point, it has never been possible to create a complete survey of all printed books in the first age of print.
The corpus of materials is very large, and widely dispersed. Many books from the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries survive in only one copy. These unique items are distributed between around 6000 separate archives and libraries around the world.
Until this point data on early printed books has been available principally through National Bibliographical projects. These have achieved some notable results. The German VD 16 has gathered information on some 90,000 editions published in German lands. The Italian Edit 16 lists 60,000 editions published in Italy. The English Short Title Catalogue is a comprehensive survey of all books published in English.
Nevertheless, this tradition of national bibliography has two main drawbacks. Firstly, National Bibliographies are seldom complete. For practical and funding reasons the German VD 16 and Italian Edit 16 both confine their searches to books presently located in German and Italian libraries respectively. Yet sixteenth-century books were dispersed very widely; many books survive only in libraries far away from their place of production. Secondly, the coverage of Europe by these projects is far from comprehensive.
The USTC will make good these deficiencies in a project with two strands by completing the coverage of European print by gathering comprehensive date on all parts of Europe lacking such a survey. Finally, the USTC will co-ordinate the merging of these resources with other cognate projects into a coherent, unified searchable database.

</doc>
<doc id="30969235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969235" title="Marinhoa cattle">
Marinhoa cattle

Marinhoa is a cattle breed from Portugal.
A large animal with harmonious forms. Thick elastic and prominent skin; light brown coat, tending to straw; docile temperament; long and flat head; bulky but not large abdomen; long wide and deep back and topsides; muscled members, strong, with good angulation; dark mucous; small horns; sub-concave profile.
The breed region is circumscribed almost exclusively to the Central Portugal in Aveiro District.

</doc>
<doc id="30969242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969242" title="Neogene reevei">
Neogene reevei

Neogene reevei is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Paraguay, Argentina and Brazil.
It is similar to "Neogene dynaeus". The hindwing upperside disc is more shaded with brown in the female than in the male, where the colour is mainly restricted to the veins. The width of the black border is individually variable.
Adults have been recorded in March in Santiago del Estero, January in Cordoba and February in Tucuman.

</doc>
<doc id="30969276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969276" title="Bivels">
Bivels

Bivels () is a little village in the commune of Putscheid in north-eastern Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Vianden in the district of Diekirch. As of 2001, it had 74 inhabitants.
The village is located about 3 km north of Vianden along a 7 km long artificial lake. Once a poor farming village, it now benefits from the nearby hydroelectric power plant. In the 1960s when the dam was built, the lower part of the village was flooded. New housing and a church had to be rebuilt on higher ground overlooking the lake and the wooded hills beyond. The area is popular with tourists, especially hikers.

</doc>
<doc id="30969279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969279" title="SAARC Documentation Centre">
SAARC Documentation Centre

SAARC Documentation Centre (SDC) is a regional centre of SAARC (South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation). SDC is located in New Delhi. Presently it is housed on the campus of NISCAIR.
Recent Events held.
1. 5-day Training Programme on Koha - Open Source Library Automation Software from 5th Dec. to 10th Dec. 2011 at New Delhi, India
2. 5-day SAARC Workshop on Library 2.0 from 12th Dec. to 16th Dec. 2011 at Kathmandu in Nepal
Participants
Recently SDC organized SAARC Workshop 2011 on Library 2.0 in Kathmandu, Nepal during the period 12-16 Dec. 2011.
There were 24 participants from various SAARC member states.
External links.
SDC Website: www.sdc.gov.in

</doc>
<doc id="30969286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969286" title="Neogene corumbensis">
Neogene corumbensis

Neogene corumbensis is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Argentina and Bolivia.
The length of the forewings is 23 mm for males and 25 mm for females. It is mostly unicolorous brown. 

</doc>
<doc id="30969296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969296" title="Hunter Lane">
Hunter Lane

James Hunter Lane (July 20, 1900 – September 12, 1994) was a third baseman in Major League Baseball. He played for the Boston Braves in 1924. He also played college football as an end for the Tennessee Volunteers football team. He was known by the nickname "Dodo" Lane while playing for Tennessee.

</doc>
<doc id="30969299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969299" title="List of compositions for two violins">
List of compositions for two violins

This is a list of classical repertoire for two violins.

</doc>
<doc id="30969300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969300" title="Neogene curitiba">
Neogene curitiba

Neogene curitiba is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Brazil.
The wingspan is 52-63 mm. Adults have been recorded in October.

</doc>
<doc id="30969326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969326" title="Maronesa">
Maronesa

Maronesa is a primitive cattle breed from the Trás-os-Montes region in Portugal, which closely resembles the extinct aurochs, the wild ancestor of domestic cattle, in several features. Its name cames from Mountains in Portugal, Serra do Marão, which rise to approximately 4648 feet (1415m). Genetic evidence suggests that it is very different from other Iberian cattle and consequently is not a crossbreed of other breeds like Barrosa Cattle or Mirandesa.
Geographic range.
The breed region is circumscribed almost exclusively to the Northern Portugal in Vila real district. Since 2012, there is also a small herd in the Netherlands being used in the TaurOs Project. 
Description.
The degree of primitiveness and Aurochs-likeness of Maronesa differs from lineage to lineage. The number of aurochs-like Maronesa herds is shrinking due to breeding for more productivity and selection against primitive traits. The bulls are usually much bigger than the cows and of dark brown to black coat colour. They bear a light eel stripe and a lightly coloured mouth. The head of the bulls is large and often has frizzy hair on its front head, the colour of that region varies from dark brown to orange. The profile of the head in Maronesa cattle is usually concave or more or less straight, the snout tends to be short. The body of the bulls is well-muscled and has a swung backline because of the strongly pronounced shoulder- and neck musculature. The horns are thick and swung forwards. The cows are considerably more gracile than the bulls, and are often much lighter in colour, although some cows have a dark colour as well. On average, Maronesa cows are reddish-brown while the bulls are dark brown to black, which is the colour also described and depicted for the European aurochs and some other primitive cattle breeds. Also the body shape as described resembles the wild ancestor of that breed. The udder of the cows usually is small to medium-sized and hairy. The dewlap is small to moderately developed.
Maronesa is a hardy breed which comes from the north of Portugal. It is used to harsh conditions and is able to live without any human interference and also capable of defending against predators like wolves. The primitive anatomy and ecology of this breed makes it valuable for conservation, it is used by TaurOs Project in order to create a breed that resembles the aurochs to the largest possible extend (breeding back) by crossbreeding primitive and aurochs-like breeds. Other breeds used are f.e. Sayaguesa Cattle, Pajuna Cattle and Maremmana primitivo. True Nature Foundation aims to conserve the endangered primitive type of this breed on its home range.

</doc>
<doc id="30969343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969343" title="Mertolenga cattle">
Mertolenga cattle

Mertolenga is a cattle breed from Portugal, one of thirteen registered Portuguese breeds (as of 2003), making up around 19 per cent of cattle in that country.
The breed region is circumscribed almost exclusively to southern Portugal in the Low Alentejo, and Ribatejo rigions.

</doc>
<doc id="30969346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969346" title="Minhota cattle">
Minhota cattle

Minhota or Galega is a cattle breed from Portugal. Race Brazilian Caracu is derived from this.
Description.
CORPULANCE - Median.
SKELETON - Strong and well covered with muscles.
SKIN - Thick, inelastic, covered with hair straight, short, thick and rough.
COAT - More or less reddish, marbled with natural openings.
HEAD - A bit long under the eyes, usually more right than on the convex bevel, wide forehead and slightly convex.
CORNER - Medium size, elliptical section, white, flushed with the tips, going out almost horizontally to the sides, turning from a little behind, then turned forward and with the tips up and turned inside out at the last third of its length.
BROW - Little salient.
SCREWDRIVER PALBEBRAL - Slightly oblique.
EYES - Surface expression and vaguely sad.
EARS - High insertion, regular size and labeled on the inside with thick hair and long.
FACES - Long and triangular.
CHAMFER - usually straight, long, welded to the nose in circular dome.
MUZZLE - Short and slightly convex on the outer edges.
NECK - Short, thick, slightly drooping, some dewlap, slightly on top, but rather on the breastplate;
WITHERS - Slightly protruding.
RIBCAGE - high, but slightly arched.
BACK - Almost straight and long.
CHEST - Largo.
SHOULDERS - Broad and muscular.
BELLY - A little bulky.
CROUP - High, the protruding hips and muscular.
BUTTOCKS - Almost straight and regularly developed.
TAIL - Long, set high and regularly hairy.
UDDER - Regularly shaped and developed,
PROFILE - Rectilinear the convex
MEMBERS - Tall, slightly protruding from joints, terminated by large claws and strong.
Extension.
The breed is almost exclusive to northern Portugal in Viana do Castelo District in Minho.

</doc>
<doc id="30969349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969349" title="Mirandesa cattle">
Mirandesa cattle

Mirandesa is a cattle breed from Portugal. The Mirandesa breed has the protected geographical status of DOC ("Denominação de Origem Controlada") from the European Commission
Description.
Head: wide neck, raised and prominent. Save remarkably thick and long, covering the base of the sticks of color and always a redhead. Horned with extreme afuscados, thin small-scale, acabanados and tips up and turned inside out, getting this level slightly higher than the topknot. Ears lined with long and abundant red hair. Source sub-concave, eyes touched. Head below eyes, short, broad and dry, right nasal bone and muzzle very short, black and superiorly bordered by a broad fringe of hair always white.
Neck: Short, thick with hook, at least in the bulls, soon falls under his lower lip and comes up to the knees, including overhangs.
Trunk: round side. Withers low. Ridge right, with red hair or white stripe. Rounded rump. Raised tail, short and well supplied.
Mammary system, developed and well set, with well-implanted teats of moderate size. The milk production often exceeds the intake capacity of calves during the first months of life but these run out in the following months until weaning.
End and uprightness: short and slender members below the knee and hock; the right hind and forelegs knees deflected inward. Thigh convex.
Color: Chestnut Retinta the bull, more or less dark brown, with clusters of pigmented centrifugal tendency in bulls and cows.
Format: animals are harmonious, lively but docile temperament, large size and compact form, the respiratory tract (mainly the girth instead of waist circumference).
Extension.
The breed region is circumscribed almost exclusively to the Northeast Portugal in Bragança District.

</doc>
<doc id="30969352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969352" title="Mashi Wentong">
Mashi Wentong

Mashi Wentong (Chinese: 馬氏文通 English: "Ma's Grammar") is the first grammar of the Chinese language written by a Chinese scholar, Ma Jianzhong, who published it in 1898. Although attributed the "germination of modern linguistics in China" is attributed to this book, Mashi Wentong was criticized by critics such as Chen Chengze and Li Jinxi as imitating Western grammar and imposing Western grammatical tradition on Chinese.

</doc>
<doc id="30969355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969355" title="Preta cattle">
Preta cattle

Preta is a cattle breed from Portugal.
Description.
Plumage - uniformly black
Mucous - pigmented
Profile-rectum
Horns - hook high
Extension.
The breed region is circumscribed almost exclusively to the Southern Portugal in High Alentejo Rigion.

</doc>
<doc id="30969360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969360" title="Ramo Grande">
Ramo Grande

Ramo Grande is a cattle breed from Portugal.
Extension.
The breed region is circumscribed exclusively to Authonomous Region of Azores, in Portugal.

</doc>
<doc id="30969392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969392" title="Iranian parliamentary dissolution referendum, 1953">
Iranian parliamentary dissolution referendum, 1953

A referendum on the dissolution of Parliament was held in Iran between 3 and 10 August 1953. The result saw 99.9% vote in favour of the dissolution. The government was overthrown in a coup d'état on 19 August.

</doc>
<doc id="30969395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969395" title="Anne Grey (disambiguation)">
Anne Grey (disambiguation)

Anne Grey was a British actress.
Anne Grey is also the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="30969403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969403" title="Gérald Lacroix">
Gérald Lacroix

Gérald Cyprien Lacroix, ISPX, (born 27 July 1957), is the current Archbishop of Québec and Primate of Canada since his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 22 February 2011. He had previously served as Auxiliary Bishop of Québec.
Early life.
Lacroix was born in 1957 in Saint-Hilaire-de-Dorset in the Archdiocese of Québec, and completed his secondary and higher education at Trinity High School in Manchester, New Hampshire, and Saint Anselm College in the neighbouring town of Goffstown. He then studied for his theological training at Laval University, obtaining a BA in theology. He continued with a master's degree in pastoral theology. In 1975 he was accepted at the Pius X Secular Institute and took perpetual vows in 1982.
Priesthood.
In 1982 he became Secretary General of the Institute and since 1985 has been Director of the General Council. From 1985 to 1987 he was appointed general manager of the Institute's Christian formation and spiritual center. He was ordained priest on 8 October 1988 by Archbishop Maurice Couture, R.S.V., in the Parish of Notre-Dame-de-la-Récouvrance.
From 1990 to 2000 he worked in Colombia, where he opened new houses of the Institute. From 2001 to 2004 he was Director General of the Institute, and re-elected for five years from 2005 to 2010.
Episcopacy.
He was appointed Titular Bishop of Ilta and Auxiliary Bishop of Québec on 7 April 2009 and received episcopal consecration on 24 May with Marc Cardinal Ouellet as principal consecrator, the principal co-consecrators being Archbishop Maurice Couture, R.S.V. and Msgr. Gilles Lemay.
On 22 February 2011 Msgr. Lacroix was appointed Archbishop of Québec and Primate of Canada, replacing Cardinal Ouellet, who had been appointed Prefect of the Congregation for Bishops on 30 June 2010. During the sede vacante Msgr. Lacroix was elected diocesan administrator by the College of Consultors. He is currently one of the co-chairmen of the Committee on Life and Family of the Canadian Conference of Catholic Bishops. After his appointment, Lacroix said that he would continue the work of Cardinal Ouellet and "re-evangelize" the province. Lacroix noted that he favours a discussion-based approach. "I'm going to be different. One thing is certain: I will preach the Gospel. If people expect something else, they'll be disappointed," he said.
Msgr. Lacroix received an honorary doctorate in Divinity from Saint Anselm College at the college's 118th commencement exercises held on May 21, 2011. He was also the commencement speaker.
He received the pallium from Pope Benedict on 29 June 2011, the Feast of SS Peter and Paul in Rome along with all other metropolitan archbishops appointed since 2010. He was elevated to the College of Cardinals at the consistory on 22 February 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="30969407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969407" title="Astrud Gilberto discography">
Astrud Gilberto discography

The discography of Astrud Gilberto consists of sixteen studio albums and two live albums on Verve Records, CTI Records, Perception Records, Audio Fidelity Records, Denon Records, Polygram Records, Pony Canyon and Magya Productions, as well as one music DVD on Coqueiro Verde Records.

</doc>
<doc id="30969417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969417" title="Matthew Mellor">
Matthew Mellor

Matthew Mellor was the first mayor of the Borough of Gympie (later City of Gympie). He served first from 1880–1881 and then again in 1897.

</doc>
<doc id="30969420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969420" title="Wagneria costata">
Wagneria costata

Wagneria costata is a species of fly in the family Tachinidae.

</doc>
<doc id="30969441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969441" title="2011 All England Super Series Premier">
2011 All England Super Series Premier

The 2011 All England Open Badminton Championships was the third super series tournament of the 2011 BWF Super Series. It was the second competition under the new format where a select group of Super Series events were elevated to premier status. The tournament was held in Birmingham, England from 8–13 March 2011 and had a total purse of $350,000.

</doc>
<doc id="30969443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969443" title="Defensive memorial cordon">
Defensive memorial cordon

Defensive memorial cordon (Japanese: 防衛記念章, ) is the decoration for the　Self-Defense Officials in Japan Self-Defense Forces. The officials can wear it on their uniforms only in active service. There are only cordons like the Unit Awards and the Unit Citations of United States Armed Forces.
The appearance of the Defensive memorial cordon(DMC) is similar to ribbon bars of military decoration, but it is completely different from ribbons bars. DMC is just a "rectangular-shaped memorial souvenir" for service career, participation of training in overseas, and participation of international contribution. DMC is not even ribbons of Order, not Order, not Award.
History.
Before establishment.
After World War II, the standard for conferment of a decoration was changed and the Self-Defense Officials in active service were excluded from the standard. In addition, Japan Self-Defense Forces could not gain opportunity to participate battle because it is prohibited by Chapter 9 from the Japanese Constitutions.　
Just after Japan Self-Defense Forces was established in 1954, there were some officials who had military decorations and ribbon bars awarded by Imperial Japanese Army, so they wore in formal ceremony. Those people got retired as time goes on, and no one could wear the military decorations with entitlement. For this reason, the officers in Japan Self-Defense Forces in 1970s had to participate international meetings without any decorations.
Establishment.
On April 1, 1982, the system for Defensive memorial cordon was established to keep balance of looking between Japanese and foreign servicemen. When the system for Defensive memorial cordon was established, there were only 15 sorts of cordons.
Requirements.
Following 　Self-Defense Officials in active service are allowed to wear DMC.
Sorts.
There are 40 sorts now. When the system for Defensive memorial cordon was established, there were only 15 cordons. They must be worn by ascending order. Male officials wear 3 cordons for each line, and female officials wear 2 cordons for each line. If the foreign Orders were awarded, they must be put on the top line.
27th, 37th, 38th are precisely not abolished and they still exist, but it is impossible to meet requirements. For example, the targeted organizations was abolished, or missions was finished.
Winning the same cordons.
If the same cordons were awarded, the winners have to put gold or silver cherry blossoms on the cordons.
example:

</doc>
<doc id="30969446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969446" title="Mutti">
Mutti

Mutti is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="30969463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969463" title="Neogene intermedia">
Neogene intermedia

Neogene intermedia is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Paraguay.
The length of the forewings is about 28 mm. It is intermediate between "Neogene reevei" and "Neogene pictus". The thorax and abdomen uppersides are black. The forewing upperside is almost as dark as in "Neogene pictus" and much darker than in "Neogene reevi". The median area is lighter than the basal area. The forewing underside is similar to that of "Neogene reevi", but the distal marginal band is much darker and the hindwing upper- and underside pattern is also similar to that of "Neogene reevi", but the distal marginal band is black as in "Neogene pictus".

</doc>
<doc id="30969468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969468" title="Peruvian salsa">
Peruvian salsa

History.
Whilst salsa music and dance is popular in Peru, as it is in many Latin American countries, 'Peruvian Salsa' does not exist as an independent music genre or form of the dance. There are salsa artists from Peru, such as Antonio Cartagena and even Cuban style Timba bands such as Barbaro Fines y su Mayimbe, but these are styles of music that developed from outside of Peru. The same can be said of the dance style salsa in Peru: Peruvians dance salsa but there is not a distinct form of the dance native to Peru. 
Any claim by anyone in the United Kingdom to a brand of 'Peruvian Salsa' is contrived.
</gallery>

</doc>
<doc id="30969474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969474" title="Geopotential model">
Geopotential model

In geophysics, a geopotential model is the theoretical analysis of measuring and calculating the effects of the Earth's gravitational field. 
Newton's law.
Newton's law of universal gravitation states that the gravitational force "F" acting between two point masses "m"1 and "m"2 with centre of mass separation "r" is given by
where "G" is the gravitational constant and r̂ is the radial unit vector. For an object of continuous mass distribution, each mass element "dm" can be treated as a point mass, so the volume integral over the extent of the object gives:
with corresponding gravitational potential
where ρ = ρ("x, y, z") is the mass density at the volume element and of the direction from the volume element to the point mass.
The case of a homogeneous sphere.
In the special case of a sphere with a spherically symmetric mass density then ρ = ρ("s"), i.e. density depends only on the radial distance
These integrals can be evaluated analytically. This is the shell theorem saying that in this case:
with corresponding potential
where "M" = ∫Vρ("s")"dxdydz" is the total mass of the sphere.
The deviations of the gravitational field of the Earth from that of homogeneous sphere.
In reality the shape of the Earth is not exactly spherical, mainly because of its rotation around the polar axis that makes its shape slightly oblate. If this shape would have been perfectly known together with the exact mass density ρ = ρ("x, y, z") the integrals () and () could have been evaluated with numerical methods to find a more accurate model for the gravitational field of the Earth. But the situation is in fact the opposite, by observing the orbits of spacecraft (and the Moon) the gravitational field of the Earth can be determined quite accurately and the best estimate of the mass of the Earth is obtained by dividing the product "GM" as determined from the analysis of spacecraft orbit with a value for "G" determined to a lower relative accuracy using other physical methods.
From the defining equations () and () it is clear (taking the partial derivatives of the integrand) that outside the body in empty space the following differential equations are valid for the field caused by the body:
Functions of the form formula_3
where ("r", θ, φ) are the spherical coordinates which satisfy the partial differential equation () (the Laplace equation) are called spherical harmonic function. 
They take the forms:
h(x,y,z) & =\frac{1}{r^{n+1}} P^m_n(\sin \theta) \sin m\varphi \,&\quad 1 \le m \le n \,&\quad n=1,2,\dots
where spherical coordinates ("r", θ, φ) are used, given here in terms of cartesian ("x, y, z") for reference:
also "P"0"n" are the Legendre polynomials and "Pmn" for 1 ≤ "m" ≤ "n" are the associated Legendre functions.
The first spherical harmonics with "n" = 0,1,2,3 are presented in the table below.
The model for the Earth gravitational field is that its potential is a sum
where formula_4 and the coordinates () are relative the standard geodetic reference system extended into space with origin in the center of the reference ellipsoid and with "z"-axis in the direction of the polar axis.
The zonal terms refer to terms of the form:
and the tesseral terms terms refer to terms of the form:
The zonal and tesseral terms for "n" = 1 are left out in ().
The different coefficients "Jn", "Cnm", "Snm", are then given the values for which the best possible agreement between the computed and the observed spacecraft orbits is obtained.
As "P"0n("x") = −"P"0n(−"x") non-zero coefficients "Jn" for odd "n" correspond to a lack of symmetry "north/south" relative the equatorial plane for the shape/mass-distribution of the Earth. Non-zero coefficients "Cnm", "Snm" correspond to a lack of rotational symmetry around the polar axis for the shape/mass-distribution of the Earth, i.e. to a "tri-axiality" of the Earth
For large values of "n" the coefficients above (that are divided by "r"("n" + 1) in ()) take very large values when for example kilometers and seconds are used as units. In the literature it is common to introduce some arbitrary "reference radius" "R" close to the radius of the Earth and to work with the dimensionless coefficients
and to write the potential as
\ P_n(\sin\theta)</math>
which is rotational symmetric around the z-axis is an harmonic function
If formula_11 is a solution to the differential equation
with "m" ≥ 1 one has the potential
where "a" and "b" are arbitrary constants is a harmonic function that depends on φ and therefore is not rotational symmetric around the z-axis
The differential equation () is the Legendre differential equation for which the Legendre polynomials defined
are the solutions.
The arbitrary factor 1/(2n"n"!) is selected to make "Pn"(−1)=−1 and "Pn"(1) = 1 for odd "n" and "Pn"(−1) = "Pn"(1) = 1 for even "n".
The first six Legendre polynomials are:
The solutions to differential equation () are the associated Legendre functions
\ \frac{d^n P_n}{dx^n} \quad 1 \le m \le n
One therefore has that 

</doc>
<doc id="30969480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969480" title="Neogene pictus">
Neogene pictus

Neogene pictus is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Paraguay and northern Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="30969482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969482" title="Talisker, Skye">
Talisker, Skye

Talisker (Scottish Gaelic:"Talasgair") is a settlement on the Minginish peninsula in the Isle of Skye.
History.
Talisker was for centuries a possession of the Clan Macleod. For nearly two hundred years it was associated with a cadet branch of the chiefly line, founded by Sir Roderick Macleod, 1st of Talisker (1606-1675). Sir Roderick was the second son of Rory Mor Macleod (d.1626) and Isabel, daughter of Donald Macdonell, 8th of Glengarry. Along with his brother, Sir Norman Macleod of Bernera, he was knighted in 1661 for his services to the royalist cause. He married first a daughter of Lord Reay and secondly Mary, daughter of Lachlan Og Mackinnon of Mackinnon.
John Macleod, 2nd of Talisker, who died in about 1700 was the subject of an elegy, "Cumha do Fhear Thalasgair" (“Lament for the Laird of Talisker”), written by the blind harpist, Ruaidhri Dall MacMhurich.
Johnson and Boswell visited Talisker in 1773. Johnson’s "Journey" reveals him to have been impressed by his host, Talisker’s then tacksman, John Macleod, 4th of Talisker, but less so by the location itself:
...our next stage was to Talisker, the house of colonel Macleod, an officer in the Dutch service, who in this time of universal peace, has for several years been permitted to be absent from his regiment. Having been bred to physick, he is consequently a scholar, and his lady, by accompanying him in his different places of residence, is become skilful in several languages. Talisker is the place beyond all that I have seen, from which the gay and the jovial seem utterly excluded; and where the hermit might expect to grow old in meditation, without possibility of disturbance or interruption. It is situated very near the sea, but upon a coast where no vessel lands but when it is driven by a tempest on the rocks. Towards the land are lofty hills streaming with waterfalls. The garden is sheltered by firs, or pines, which grow there so prosperously, that some, which the present inhabitant planted, are very high and thick.
Boswell’s own "Journal" confirms Johnson’s description in its physical essentials, but concludes more charitably that “Talisker is a better place than one commonly finds in Sky”.
In 1820 Donald Macleod, 6th of Talisker, a major in the 56th Regiment, sold his interest in Talisker and emigrated to Van Diemen’s Land (financed by his father-in-law, Alexander Maclean of Coll). He travelled with 36 Highlanders of his connection and secured a grant of 2,000 acres.
In 1825, Hugh MacAskill took over the Talisker estate and completed the clearance process begun under his predecessor. Five years later, he founded the Talisker distillery, which is in fact located some five miles away from Talisker at Carbost, Loch Harport. MacAskill gave up his lease of the Talisker lands in 1849.
Geology.
The estate includes two hills (Preshal More, which was climbed by Boswell, and Preshal Beg) of considerable geological interest. As described by B.R.Bell and I.T.Williamson:
At the base of the twin summits of Preshal More and Preshal Beg, near Talisker, the laterally-restricted Preshal Beg Conglomerate Formation crops out. These heterogebeous sedimentary rocks include debris flow (?lahars), alluvial fan and fluviolacustrine facies volcanoclastic deposits accumulated with a substantial and long-lived valley drainage system which developed upon the Glen Oraid Lava Formation surface. Subsequently this topography was inundated by two thick (at least 120m) intracanvon flows of compositionally distinctive tholeiitic basalt belonging to the Talisker Lava Formation. These flows mark a significant change in the chemical signature of the lava sequence and have a strong compositional affinity with the various intrusive units of the Cuillin Centre. … the Preshal More flows may represent the only remnants of an originally significant lava shield that developed above the Cuillin centre.
Site of Special Scientific Interest.
Scottish National Heritage has designated Talisker as a Site of Special Scientific Interest. The designation is based in part on Talisker's geological features (described above), but in part also on the presence of two rare species of Zygaenidae, the Talisker burnet moth and the transparent burnet moth.
Literature.
The first verse of Sorley Maclean's poem, "Tràighean", begins with a powerful evocation of the physical features of Talisker. In its English translation:
Present day.
Talisker Farm now extends to 2,475 acres. The house, a handsome Georgian mansion, stands among old trees, just to the west of its 17th-century predecessor. Begun in 1717, it was much extended in the 18th and 19th centuries. It has been listed since 1971 with the following description:
It has an early-18th-century core with later additions; harled, ashlar dressings. It has two storeys and attic, 6 wide bays; 2-bay piended projecting wing to front (west) elevation with porch in left re-entrant, a single-storey addition with 5 long multi-pane windows in right re-entrant and bow window to centre of wing; it has crenellated parapets, 5 piended dormers with decoratively carved wood jambs; 2 stair windows to rear; 12-pane and lying pane glazing; end and ridge stacks; slate roof. Interior: projecting front wing (circa 1780) contains dining room at ground floor and drawing room above. Original ornate plaster ceiling in drawing room. Dining room plaster ceiling dates from 1865, when the bow window was added. 
The shore is accessible by foot-path and is a popular destination for walkers:
Talisker Bay is a beautiful beach of stones and sand, best visited at low tide. There is both black and white sand on the beach, often mottled together to create patterns. The northern side of the bay is hemmed in by vertical cliffs and an impressive waterfall, whilst the southern side is closed off no less impressively by a great sea stack. 

</doc>
<doc id="30969504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969504" title="Nissan Caball">
Nissan Caball

Nissan Caball is a light commercial truck manufactured by Nissan Motors from December 1957 until December 1981. The Caball was mainly sold in Japan, Hong Kong, South East Asian countries, Australia, New Zealand, and few European countries. While the Caball name came to an end in 1981, its replacement received the Nissan Atlas name in the domestic Japanese market (Cabstar in the export). These are 2-4 ton trucks, the lighter versions in the Atlas truck range took over after the lesser Cabstar/Homer.
__NOTOC__
First generation (C40).
First appearing in December 1957, the Nissan Junior Caball began as a cab-over version of the B40-series Nissan Junior. Like the Junior, the Junior Caball used the "1H" four-cylinder engine, developing at 4,400 rpm. In August 1958 the C42 version was released (the C41 designation was skipped), with power up to . The C43 was released in 1959, with changes to the cab floor and front end.
Second generation (C140).
The C140 was introduced in April 1960 and continued in production until replaced by the C240 series six years later. While almost identical in appearance to the C40, it featured an all-new 1.5-litre G-series engine also seen in the Cedric. Power was up to at 5,000 rpm. There was also a bus version called the Echo (GC140), which was introduced a month before the Caball. This was the first Caball to see export markets outside of Asia, reaching a certain level of success in Australian and Central American markets. There were also VC140 (van) and KC140 (microbus) versions available.
In 1962 the C141 Caball was introduced, which is when the "Junior" part of the name was dropped and the truck simply became the "Nissan Caball". Like the C40 and C140, the C141 is based on the Junior 40 pickup. While the 1.5-litre "G" engine remained available, the main engine was now the 1,883 cc H engine, offering . In 1963 the Caball underwent a major change, with the front sheetmetal replaced and with a more bulging, "droopy-eyed" appearance. There was also a QC141 version available, featuring a 2,164 cc SD22 diesel engine producing . Now based on the Junior 41 pickup, the C142 was released in late 1965 with few changes from the C141, with the "1900" badge replaced with a "2000" badge. The grille and mirrors were also different. The G and H engines were replaced by the 1,982 cc H20 engine, with . This was the last Nissan vehicle where the doors were hinged at the rear.
Third generation (C240).
The third generation Caball first appeared in August 1966. The exterior was redesigned with a more modern look with quad headlights, and for the first time, front-hinged doors. The interior was designed for Americans in mind, and could comfortably seat three. The C240 used the same engines as the C142. In 1969, the grille was changed. The badge on the front featured a wing-shape with a huge letter "N" in the middle and "Caball" in smaller writing below the N (this badge is similar to the one used on the C80). On the passenger side just above the headlight was a "G4" badge (gas model) or a "D4" badge (diesel model). The "Echo" bus version (GC240) was also available.
Fourth generation (C340).
The fourth and last generation Caball was introduced in May 1976. This generation was also marketed as the Nissan Clipper, a nameplate acquired with Nissan's takeover of the Prince Motor Company. The C340 used the cab and chassis of the preceding C240, but received a different front treatment and was somewhat longer.

</doc>
<doc id="30969507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969507" title="Neogene steinbachi">
Neogene steinbachi

Neogene steinbachi is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Bolivia.
Adults have been recorded in August.

</doc>
<doc id="30969522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969522" title="Hong Kong local elections, 2007">
Hong Kong local elections, 2007

The 2007 Hong Kong District Council elections were held on 18 November 2007. Elections were held to all 18 districts of Hong Kong, returned 405 members from directly elected constituencies out of total 534 councils member. The pan-democrats suffered a devastating loss in the election.
Aftermath.
In December 2007, Donald Tsang named 27 government-appointed Council members.
Tsang was criticised for not appointing a single member of the pan-democrats.

</doc>
<doc id="30969537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969537" title="James Wango">
James Wango

James Wango, also known as James Ngwango, is a ni-Vanuatu politician.
A member of the People's Progress Party, of which he is the treasurer, he was elected to Parliament as MP for Ambae in the September 2008 general election, one of four MPs from the People's Progress Party.
In December 2010, Prime Minister Edward Natapei was ousted in a motion of no confidence, and PPP leader Sato Kilman replaced him. Kilman set up a coalition government, which did not include Wango, and the latter eventually defected to the Opposition. In February 2011, as the Opposition prepared a motion of no confidence against Kilman's premiership, the Prime Minister secured his majority by offering Wango a position in Cabinet. Wango joined the government as Minister for Agriculture, Livestock, Forestry, Fisheries and Quarantine.
Kilman was eventually ousted in a vote of no confidence on 24 April 2011, however, and Wango lost his position in government. He recovered it three weeks later, on 13 May, when the Court of Appeal voided the election of Serge Vohor's new government on constitutional grounds, and the Kilman government was restored. This lasted for only a month; on 15 June, the Kilman premiership was itself voided on constitutional grounds by the Supreme Court's Chief Justice Vincent Lunabek, and Wango lost office once more.

</doc>
<doc id="30969574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969574" title="Naoki Matsushita">
Naoki Matsushita

Naoki Matsushita (born June 6, 1978) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="30969575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969575" title="Chintapalle">
Chintapalle

Chintapalli or Chintapalle or Chintapally () is name of places in Andhra Pradesh:

</doc>
<doc id="30969578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969578" title="Namsoi">
Namsoi

Namsoi is a border town of Laos in Viengxay District, Houaphan Province. It lies near Na Meo Town of Vietnam.

</doc>
<doc id="30969588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969588" title="Mumbai Nagercoil Express">
Mumbai Nagercoil Express

Mumbai-Nagercoil Express runs between Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus (CST) Railway Station at Mumbai, Maharashtra, and Nagercoil Railway Station in Tamil Nadu. Main cities on the way are Tirunelveli, Virudhunagar, Madurai, Erode, Salem, Bangalore (bypasses at Krishnarajapura) Hindupur, Anantapur, Adoni, Pune and Lonavala. This train covers a distance of 1,952 km.
Time Table.
16339 - Mumbai to Nagercoil
Sun,Wed,Thur,Fri at 12:05 from Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus
16340 - Nagercoil to Mumbai
Mon,Tue,Wed,Fri at 06:55 from Nagercoil

</doc>
<doc id="30969616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969616" title="Interdisciplinary Center for Organizational Architecture">
Interdisciplinary Center for Organizational Architecture

Interdisciplinary Center for Organizational Architecture (ICOA) is a research center at Aarhus School of Business and Social Sciences in Aarhus, Denmark.
The Center for Organizational Architecture is a transdisciplinary partnership between research groups at Aarhus University, the Danish cross-ministerial innovation unit Mindlab and leading international researchers and institutions. The center works, in close dialogue with businesses and public organizations, with the design and redesign of organizations.

</doc>
<doc id="30969627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969627" title="Top Chef Canada">
Top Chef Canada

Top Chef Canada is a reality competition show. The first season premiered on April 11, 2011 on Food Network Canada. The first season consisted of 13 episodes, with 16 contestants vying for a grand prize of $100,000 and a GE Monogram kitchen valued at $30,000. Contestants shopped at Loblaws in season one and McEwan in season two. Like the original American series, each week the chef contestants compete against each other in culinary challenges. Contestants are judged by a panel of professional chefs and other notables from the food and wine industry, with one or more contestants being eliminated each week. The Canadian edition uses the same graphics and music as the American version of the program.
Season one of "Top Chef Canada" was one of Food Network Canada's most highly rated programs. The network renewed the program for a second season, which began to air on March 12, 2012.
Judges, guest judges, and special appearances.
The host for the first season of the Canadian program was Thea Andrews. After giving birth to her second child, Andrews stepped down from the position. On November 15, 2011, actress Lisa Ray announced that she was named to host the program for season two. Lisa Ray also hosted season three.
The head judge (the position held by Tom Colicchio on the original version) is Mark McEwan, chef and owner of several restaurants in Toronto and host of the Food Network Canada program "The Heat with Mark McEwan". McEwan returned as head judge for season two and three.
The "resident judge" (the position held by Gail Simmons in the original version) is Shereen Arazm, a Toronto native and owner of several Los Angeles-area restaurants.
Seasons.
Season 1 (2011).
"Aired: April 11, 2011 - July 4, 2011"
The winner of this season was Dale MacKay.
Season 2 (2012).
"Aired: March 12, 2012 - May 28, 2012"
The winner of this season was Carl Heinrich.
Season 3 (2013).
"Aired: March 18, 2013 - June 10, 2013"
The winner of this season was Matthew Stowe.
Season 4 (2014).
"Aired: March 10, 2014 - May 12, 2014"
The winner of this season was Rene Rodriguez.

</doc>
<doc id="30969629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969629" title="Anderson Gils de Sampaio">
Anderson Gils de Sampaio

Anderson Gils de Sampaio (born February 15, 1977) is a former Brazilian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="30969638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969638" title="Iranian constitutional referendum, December 1979">
Iranian constitutional referendum, December 1979

A constitutional referendum was held in Iran on 2 and 3 December 1979. The new Islamic constitution was approved by 99.5% of voters, with a 71.6% turnout.

</doc>
<doc id="30969655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969655" title="Frank Paterson">
Frank Paterson

Frank J. Paterson was an Australian surveyor and mayor of Toowoomba, Queensland from 1931-1933.

</doc>
<doc id="30969692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969692" title="Pseudodolbina aequalis">
Pseudodolbina aequalis

The body and forewing uppersides are greenish olive with a distinct shade of yellow. Both wings uppersides have a partly greyish white fringe, shaded with yellow. The space between the two lines proximal to the discal spot on the forewing upperside is more or less filled with black scales.

</doc>
<doc id="30969695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969695" title="Iranian legislative election, 1954">
Iranian legislative election, 1954

Parliamentary elections were held in Iran in 1954. Political parties were banned from contesting the election, and all 136 elected MPs were independents.

</doc>
<doc id="30969697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969697" title="Big Thunder Ski Jumping Center">
Big Thunder Ski Jumping Center

Big Thunder Ski Jumping Centre was a twin ski jumping hill located in Thunder Bay in Northwestern Ontario, Canada. It constitutes part of Big Thunder National Training Centre. The first hills were built by Knute and Thor Hansen and opened in 1963. They were originally known as Lille Norway Ski Area, then Mt. Norway Ski Area, and Sundance Northwest Resort before taking the current name. The large and normal hills were built in 1974 and the venue was taken over by the provincial government in 1985. The hills hosted 29 FIS Ski Jumping World Cup and 50 Canadian Ski Jumping Championships tournaments between 1975 and 1995, climaxing with the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 1995. Funding was then cut and the venue has since been closed and unmaintained.
History.
The location was first identified by Knute Hansen, a ski jumper who felt that a location in Mount McRae in Lakehead would be ideal for a ski jumping hill. He and Thor Hansen built the first jumps, which were opened in 1963 and named Lille Norway Ski Area. In 1969, after the Hansens had fallen into financial difficulties, the venue was sold and renamed Mt. Norway Ski Area. Additional land for the complex was also leased, and the provincial government provided funding to construct the main twin hill. Construction of the 70 meter and 90 meter (current K-90 and K-120) hills was completed in 1974. The following year, the venue hosted its first Canadian Ski Jumping Championships. Three years later, the venue was again sold, this time being named Sundance Northwest Resort. In 1981, the Provincial Government of Ontario started redeveloping the site to transform it into a national training center. In 1985, the Ontario Ministry of Tourism and Recreation bought the site. In the course of five years, they built a K-64 hill, as well as Little Thunder, which consisted of K-10, K-20 and K-37 hills. The two largest of these were equipped with porcelain in-runs and plastic landing slops, allowing for their use during summer.
In 1990, the venue was awarded the hosting of the 1995 Nordic World Ski Championships. This required a major upgrade to the infrastructure, including floodlights. World Cup tournaments were placed on hold after 1991 for the upgrades. The venue hosted the Pre-World Championships, part of the World Cup, in 1994. In the final jumping event in the 1995 World Championships, Tommy Ingebrigtsen set a hill record of , beyond the previous hill record.
During the campaigning for the 1995 Ontario provincial election, Conservative Party leader Mike Harris deemed Big Thunder a "cash cow" as part of his Common Sense Revolution. Following the party's victory in the election, the venue was closed. Even though the venue closed, it sill costs the province several hundred thousand dollars per year. The citizens group Friends of Big Thunder Bay announced on 1 March 2010, following the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver, that they had sent a letter of intent to the provincial government where they stated that they wished to re-open the sports park. They intend to not only reopen the hill, but also the associated sports area and provide year-round training of ski jumping, freestyle skiing, cross-country skiing, mountain biking, event hosting and hiking. Ski Jumping Canada has asked the province to establish a training facility for ski jumping in Ontario, stating that lack a facilities make it difficult for Canada to produce ski jumpers for the world scene, and that this among other things will result in poor performances in the Olympics.
Events.
Big Thunder was a regular site for the FIS Nordic Ski Jumping World Cup, and arranged a world cup round, typically with two jumps, every season from 1980 through 1991. Nordic combined was, in addition to the World Championships, hosted twice, in 1989 and in 1994. The last World Cup tournament was held in 1994 as a Pre-World Championship tournament.
Contested between 9 and 19 March 1995, the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships is the hallmark of the venue, and the only major world championship to be contested in Northern Ontario. The Nordic combined individual took place on 9 March, and was won by Fred Børre Lundberg ahead of Jari Mantila. The following day saw Japan win ahead of Norway and Finland in the Nordic combined team event. In ski jumping, the individual normal hill event took place on 12 March, which saw a double Japanese victory with Takanobu Okabe winning ahead of Hiroya Saito. The team event in the large hill on 16 March saw Finland win ahead of Germany and Japan. In the large hill individual event on 18 March, Tommy Ingebrigtsen set a new hill record and won ahead of Andreas Goldberger.
Results.
The following is a list of all FIS Ski Jumping World Cup and FIS Nordic World Ski Championship tournaments held at Big Thunder, with the date, hill and top three finishing athletes or teams.

</doc>
<doc id="30969706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969706" title="Railway stations in Genoa">
Railway stations in Genoa

The city and "comune" of Genoa, capital of the region of Liguria, northwestern Italy, has twenty six railway stations and stops in use today.
The majority of these stations is managed by RFI. Four remaining stations, Genova Piazza Manin and others, are operated by AMT.
The only station in Genoa that has been completely closed without being replaced is Sant'Ilario, in the Genoa district of that name. 

</doc>
<doc id="30969708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969708" title="Maersk Triple E class">
Maersk Triple E class

The Maersk Triple E class is a family of large, fuel-efficient container ships, designed as a successor to the Maersk E-class. In February and June 2011, Maersk awarded Daewoo Shipbuilding two US$1.9 billion contracts ($3.8bn total) to build twenty of the ships.
The name "Triple E" is derived from the class's three design principles: "Economy of scale, Energy efficient and Environmentally improved". These ships are expected to be not only the world's longest ships in service, but also the most efficient container ships per twenty-foot equivalent unit (TEU) of cargo.
The ships are long and wide. While only longer and wider than E-class ships, the Triple E ships are able to carry 2,500 more containers. With a draft of , they are too deep to cross the Panama Canal, but can transit the Suez Canal when sailing between Europe and Asia.
One of the class's main design features are the dual ultra-long stroke two-stroke diesel engines, driving two propellers at a design speed of . Slower than its predecessors, this class uses a strategy known as slow steaming, which is expected to lower fuel consumption by 37% and carbon dioxide emissions per container by 50%. The Triple E design helped Maersk win a "Sustainable Ship Operator of the Year" award in July 2011.
Maersk plans to use the ships to service routes between Europe and Asia, projecting that Chinese exports will continue to grow. The Europe-Asia trade represents the company's largest market; it already has 100 ships serving this route. Maersk hopes to consolidate its share of the Europe-Asia trade with the addition of the Triple-E class ships.
Orders and history.
In February 2011, Maersk announced orders for a new "Triple E" family of containerships with a capacity of 18,000 TEU, with an emphasis on lower fuel consumption. They will be built by Daewoo Shipbuilding in South Korea; the initial order, for ten ships, was valued at US$1.9 billion (2 trillion Korean Won); Maersk had options to buy a further twenty ships. In June 2011, Maersk announced that 10 more ships had been ordered for $1.9bn, but an option for a third group of ten ships would not be exercised. Payment of the ship is "tail-heavy": 40% while the ship is being built, and the remaining 60% paid on delivery. Deliveries are scheduled to begin in 2013. Maersk negotiated a two-year warranty, where the standard is one year.
Prior to 2010 many Maersk containerships had been built at Maersk's Odense Steel Shipyard in Denmark, but Asian builders are now considered more competitively priced. Maersk had approached several different builders in Asia, having ruled out European shipbuilders (for cost reasons) and Chinese (for technology reasons). DSME builds three Triple-Es at a time, and it takes little more than a year to produce a ship.
Investment in more-efficient ships helped Maersk win the "Sustainable Ship Operator of the Year" award from Petromedia Group's on-line publication sustainableshipping.com in July 2011.
Design.
Propulsion.
Unlike conventional single-engined container ships, the new class of ships has a twin-skeg design: It has twin diesel engines, each driving a separate propeller. Usually, a single engine is more efficient; but using two propellers allows a better distribution of pressure, increasing propeller efficiency more than the disadvantage of using two engines.
The engines have waste heat recovery (WHR) systems; these are also used in 20 other Mærsk vessels including the eight E-class ships. The name "Triple E class" highlights three design principles: ""Economy of scale, energy efficient and environmentally improved"".
The twin-skeg principle also means that the engines can be lower and further back, allowing more room for cargo. Maersk requires ultra-long stroke two-stroke engines running at 80 rpm (versus 90 rpm in the E class); but this requires more propeller area for the same effect, and such a combination is only possible with two propellers due to the shallow water depth of the desired route.
A slower speed of 19 knots is targeted as the optimum, compared to the 23–26 knots of similar ships. The top speed would be 25 knots, but steaming at 20 knots would reduce fuel consumption by 37%, and at 17.5 knots fuel consumption would be halved. These slower speeds would add 2–6 days to journey times.
The various environmental features are expected to cost $30 million per ship, of which the WHR is to cost $10 million. Carbon dioxide emissions, per container, are expected to be 50% lower than emissions by typical ships on the Asia-Europe route and 20% lower than "Emma Maersk". These are the most efficient containerships in the world, per TEU. A Cradle-to-cradle design principle was used to improve scrapping when the ships end their life.
Dimensions and layout.
The ships are expected to be the world's longest when they enter service. A few larger ships have been built, but they were all oil supertankers and have now been scrapped; "Seawise Giant" was the largest of all.
The hull is more 'boxy' with a U-shape compared to the V-shape of Maersk's E-class; this allows more containers to be stored at lower levels, so while the Triple-E is only 3 m wider and 4 m longer, it can carry 2,500 more containers, an increase of 16%. The Triple-E can carry 23 rows of containers compared to 22 of the E-class, which makes better use of the reach of current terminal cranes.
The deckhouse is relatively further forward, whilst the engines are to the rear; similar to CMA CGM's "Explorer" class of containerships, also built by Daewoo. The forward deckhouse allows containers to be stacked higher in front of the bridge (which further increases capacity) whilst still maintaining forward visibility good enough to comply with SOLAS regulation V/22.
When the class was ordered, no port in the Americas could handle ships of their size. Suitable ports include Shanghai, Ningbo, Xiamen, Qingdao, Yantian, Hong Kong, Tanjung Pelepas, Singapore and Colombo in Asia, and Rotterdam, Gothenburg, Wilhelmshaven, Bremerhaven, Southampton, Felixstowe, Gdańsk and Antwerp in Europe. The ships will be too big for the New Panamax sized locks on the Panama Canal, and their main route is expected to be Asia-Europe (through the Suez Canal). The draft of the Triple-E is 14.5 m, less than the SuezMax requirement of at 59 m beam. Handling equipment at ports was the main constraint on size, rather than the dimensions of canals or straits. The container port handling speed can be 29 moves per hour.
Anchor and mooring winch systems are being supplied by TTS Marine.
Market.
Maersk plans to use the ships on routes between Europe and Asia. In 2008, there was a reduction in demand for container transport, caused by recessions in many countries. This left shipping lines in financial difficulties in 2009, with surplus capacity. Some ships were laid up or scrapped. However, there was a sudden resurgence of demand for container transport in 2010; Maersk posted its largest ever profit, and orders for new ships increased, leading to fresh concerns about future overcapacity. As of 2013, the market is still characterized by overcapacity, and decreasing prices for new ships. China Shipping Container Lines has ordered 5 ships with a capacity of 18,400 TEU from Hyundai Heavy Industries, topping the Triple E class. Delivery is to begin in late 2014. United Arab Shipping Company has ordered (also from Hyundai) 5 slightly larger ships and 5 ships larger than the Maersk E Class.
Slow steaming is one way of managing capacity and reducing fuel consumption; the Triple E Class is designed for slower speeds than Maersk's preceding class of large container ships. Nonetheless, this order for many big ships is a gamble, on Maersk's part, that Chinese exports will continue to grow. Lack of market growth in the second half of 2012 has caused Maersk to postpone a decision on how to use the Triple-E, and although five Triple-E are expected to be delivered in 2013, they will only have an impact sometime in 2014 when 8-9 Triple-E operate. Maersk already uses approximately 100 ships on the Asia-Europe route, which is their most important. SeaIntel expects about 46 ships with more than 10,000 TEU each to be delivered worldwide in 2013. The construction of newer, larger ships has influenced development plans at ports such as London Gateway or JadeWeserPort in Wilhelmshaven (Germany).

</doc>
<doc id="30969714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969714" title="Chuck Versus the A-Team">
Chuck Versus the A-Team

"Chuck Versus the A-Team" is the eighteenth episode of the fourth season of "Chuck". It aired on March 14, 2011. Chuck Bartowski and Sarah Walker suspect John Casey is carrying out private missions. Chuck fears the CIA's new operatives (Isaiah Mustafa and Stacy Keibler), who have downloaded the Intersect, will render him obsolete. Morgan Grimes settles in with Casey, his new roommate. Devon Woodcomb becomes uncomfortable with Ellie Woodcomb's research.
Plot.
The episode begins with Morgan Grimes interrogated by an unknown man for information on John Casey, his new roommate. When Morgan refuses to reveal anything, the man reveals himself to be Casey and congratulates Morgan on passing the test. Chuck Bartowski and Sarah Walker are becoming bored with their lack of missions, and begin to suspect Casey is carrying out missions without them. Morgan refuses to tell Chuck anything, so Chuck and Sarah follow Casey on their own. Casey meets with Necati Acar a.k.a. "The Turk" (Timur Kocak), posing as a messenger of Russian criminal Dragan Pichushkin (Jon Sklaroff). The Turk, however, reveals that he knows Casey's name and true occupation as an NSA agent and has guards draw their guns on Casey. Chuck and Sarah reveal themselves in order to protect Casey, but several more of the Turk's guards then reveal themselves. Casey motions to the guards nearest him, who turn and kill the rest of the Turk's men. When they remove their masks and arrest the Turk, Chuck recognizes them as the second and third Buy More employee named "Greta". The individuals are introduced as Casey's NCS team, Captain Richard Noble (Isaiah Mustafa) and Captain Victoria Dunwoody (Stacy Keibler), who Chuck nicknames "Rick" and "Vicki".
Sarah worries that the CIA is replacing them with Casey's extremely efficient team, but Chuck considers himself irreplaceable with the Intersect. General Diane Beckman reveals that Pichushkin has made a fortune dismantling the former Soviet arsenal and selling it on the black market. The Turk is willing to lure Pichushkin onto United States soil in exchange for asylum for his family. Chuck and Sarah travel to Tbilisi, Georgia, to retrieve "Jana" and guarantee the Turk's cooperation. Chuck and Sarah are glad to finally have a mission, but they soon learn that Jana is the Turk's beloved dog.
Unsatisfied, Chuck and Sarah decide to prove their worth. Hearing Jana's barking, they deduct that the Turk is in the NCS-restricted part of Castle. They break into Casey's apartment, tranquilize Morgan, and take Casey's handprint from his framed photograph of Ronald Reagan, gaining access to the NCS area of Castle. They soon find Stephen J. Bartowski's laptop Intersect. Rick and Vicki appear and try to remove Chuck from the area, but Chuck flashes to defend himself. After a brief fight, Chuck realizes that they are all using the same technique; Rick and Vicki have uploaded the Intersect. Chuck tries to retrieve the laptop, but Director Jane Bentley (Robin Givens) arrives and stops him, warning him that her Intersects won't hesitate to "pull the trigger" like him.
Bentley reveals that the G.R.E.T.A. field test used the Buy More as proving ground for prospective Intersect candidates. She also alludes the to the fact that the intersect software has been modified, possibly explaining the lack of emotion displayed by the two 'Greta' agents. She briefs the team, revealing that Pichushkin is en route to on a stolen jet. Rick and Vicki flash on a surveillance video, learning that Pichushkin is transporting a fully assembled bomb. Against Bentley's reservations, Casey requests that Chuck and Sarah be used as backup for the mission, as he does not wish for them to go "obsolete". Chuck is assigned to bomb disposal to allow Casey and his team to arrest Pichushkin.
When Pichushkin arrives, Rick and Vicki shoot his bodyguards, before he reveals that he is carrying a suitcase nuke and has possession of a remote arming device. As he flees, Sarah and Vicki pursue him, while Chuck joins Casey and Rick to disarm the bomb. Sarah finds Pichushkin, who informs her that the arming device is wired to his heartbeat to activate when he dies, drawing a gun on Sarah. Before Sarah can warn her, Vicki shoots Pichushkin, arming the nuclear device. Rick declares that the bomb is too complicated for the Intersect to disarm, but Chuck attempts to do so nonetheless. After flashing on the detonator, Chuck realizes the component is from a Chinese submarine and must have been designed to deactivate in the presence of salt water in case of hull breaches. He then uses the sodium in his apple juice to defuse the bomb.
After the botched operation, Beckman gives Chuck control of the Intersect program and has the Intersect extracted from Rick and Vicki's brain's - to the obvious relief of them both. Rick expresses symapthy for Chuck at being forced to live with the intersect. However, Bentley believes that the flaw is not with the agents in possession of the Intersect, but rather the laptop itself. She then returns it to Ellie Woodcomb.
Ellie and Devon.
Ellie asks Devon Woodcomb for her father's laptop back, believing that he sent it to her for a reason. Having given it to Chuck in "Chuck Versus the Leftovers", Devon calls Chuck and asks for the laptop back. Aside from wanting to keep Ellie out of the spy world, Chuck no longer possesses the laptop, believing it to be secure at in Langley, Virginia. Chuck suggests telling Ellie that he sent the laptop to the Nerd Herd, so that Ellie would think Jeff Barnes and Lester Patel misplaced it.
Ellie goes to the Buy More, where Lester is testing Jeff's extrasensory perception with Zener cards. They unsuccessfully search for the laptop, suspecting that they may have returned it to the wrong customer. Lester tests Jeff's clairvoyance by having him write down the location of the laptop, and Jeff correctly predicts that the laptop is in the possession of the CIA. However, Lester misreads the prediction, believing it to be a person named "Cia". 
Ellie is then given the laptop by Director Bentley, posing as a Buy More customer who was given the laptop by mistake, in the hope that Ellie will be able to decode it.
Production.
It was announced on February 25, 2011, that Isaiah Mustafa and Stacy Keibler would reprise their role of the second and third Greta from "Chuck Versus the Suitcase" and "Chuck Versus the Cubic Z", respectively. It was revealed on March 11, 2011, that their actual names would be Captain Rick Noble and Captain Victoria Dunwoody. This episode marked the return of writer Phil Klemmer, a writer from the original staff who departed to write for the series "Undercovers".
Continuity.
The episode reveals that the Gretas from earlier in the fourth season were prospective Intersect candidates, and that the Buy More was being used as a proving ground.
Devon addresses Ellie by her full name and "two" abbreviated postnominals, revealing for the first time that, in addition to her M.D., she earned a Ph.D. at some point.
When forced to disarm the bomb, Chuck says, "Just like old times," alluding to "Chuck Versus the Intersect", where he is put in a similar situation.
This was the first time Chuck was willing to fight a woman.
Flashes.
Throughout the episode, Chuck, Rick, and Vicki experience several of the same flashes, sometimes flashing on the same object multiple times each. The contents of these flashes include martial arts skills, marksmanship skills, and classified information.
Music.
Songs listed by Alan Sepinwall.
Reception.
"Chuck Versus the A-Team" received positive reviews from critics. "HitFix" writer Alan Sepinwall wrote, "From the perspective of a continuity-obsessed fanboy, I appreciate the return of those old subplots. And it helped that they came in a strong overall episode, one that featured a good character arc for all three original members of Operation Bartowski - not to mention one that brought back the government's ongoing desire to have someone other than Chuck have an Intersect in his head." Hayden Childs of "The A.V. Club" gave the episode a B-, writing, "The last episode was a fun one, which is at least partly due to the presence of Ray Wise, one of those character actors who elevates material both great and crappy. This one, however, has the guy from the Old Spice commercials. Perhaps he, too, is an excellent actor, but he doesn’t have much to do here besides look blandly arrogant."
Eric Goldman of "IGN" gave this episode a score of 7 out of 10. Though he enjoyed having clarity about the G.R.E.T.A. program, Goldman was disappointed with the episode's impact writing that Rick and Vicki got "Intersects very quickly, and I think the impact was particularly diminished by the fact that it all seemed to wrap up just as quickly. Wouldn't it have been more interesting to have had these two, and their much more clinical, methodical approach to using the Intersect, stick around for a few episodes, as Chuck has to process what it might mean for his future?"
The episode drew 4.92 million viewers, the second-lowest number in "Chuck" history at the time of the episode's airing, after "Chuck Versus Phase Three".

</doc>
<doc id="30969721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969721" title="Pseudodolbina fo">
Pseudodolbina fo

The wingspan is 60-68 mm. There is one generation per year.
The larvae have been recorded feeding on "Strobilanthes alatus" and "Strobilanthes dalhousianus" in north-eastern India

</doc>
<doc id="30969724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969724" title="Gary J. Aguirre">
Gary J. Aguirre

Gary J. Aguirre is an American lawyer, former investigator with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and whistleblower. 
After working in a law firm briefly, he became a public defender, then worked as a trial lawyer in California. Having reached his professional and financial goals, he took an extended break in 1995. In 2000, he decided to go into public service and went back to law school, focusing on international and securities law. 
After earning his second law degree, he applied for a job with the SEC, where he became the lead investigator on an insider trading case involving Pequot Capital Management. Suspecting the leaked information came from John J. Mack, a Wall Street titan and major contributor to the 2004 campaign of President George W. Bush, Aguirre wanted to subpoena Mack, but supervisors told him Mack had too much "political clout" and would not be pursued. Aguirre complained to a superior about the preferential treatment being given Mack and was fired without warning. A Senate investigation later found his termination to have been an illegal reprisal. 
In May 2010, Pequot Capital settled its insider trading charges with the SEC for $28 million and a month later, the SEC settled the wrongful termination suit filed by Aguirre for $755,000. Aguirre returned to private practice in San Diego in 2008, specializing in securities law. He has emerged as a major critic of the SEC, calling it an agency that was set up to protect the public from Wall Street, but now protects Wall Street from the public. He represents Darcy Flynn, also an SEC whistleblower, who in summer 2011 was interviewed by staff from three congressional committees. He said that the SEC had destroyed thousands of records of preliminary investigations and that SEC investigators trying to pursue a case against Deutsche Bank were thwarted by Richard H. Walker, then SEC director of enforcement, who shortly thereafter, took a job at Deutsche Bank as general counsel. He also represents Rodolfo Michelon, a whistleblower, a former comptroller at Sempra Global, who claims Sempra paid kickbacks to Mexican government officials and has filed a suit against the SEC alleging the SEC "outsourced" its investigation of Sempra to a law firm with ties to Sempra, in effect subverting the law.
Enters private practice.
Aguirre is a lawyer in San Diego, California. He was admitted to the State Bar of California on December 23, 1966. He became an associate at Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison, then one of San Francisco's largest firms. In his spare time, worked on Robert F. Kennedy's presidential campaign. On May 28, 1968, Kennedy sent him a letter that spoke of the special role lawyers played in bringing about orderly change to the nation. Just eight days after sending the letter, Kennedy was assassinated.
After a year, Aguirre left Brobeck to become a public defender in Fresno County, where he found both the trial experience and public service he was seeking. Later moving back to private practice in San Diego, he made a name for himself by proving that Pacific Southwest Airlines (PSA) was liable for a mid-air plane crash over San Diego in 1978, then the worst aviation disaster in U.S. history. In the 1980s, Aguirre pioneered construction-defect litigation, a branch of class-action law previously considered by San Diego lawyers to be too difficult for plaintiffs to win. In 1983, "San Diego Magazine" called him "a legal fireball" for his case proving PSA's liability and for his case against the Manville Corporation, which had national importance.
Arguing on behalf of homeowners in construction-defect cases, by 1994, Aguirre and his partner had won 94 consecutive cases, recovering over $200 million for the plaintiffs. Aguirre has received three "Outstanding Trial Lawyer" awards from the San Diego Trial Lawyers Association.
Manville.
In the early 1970s, Manville Corporation, a Dow Jones company sold a stucco-like product for use on exterior walls. Within a short time, the product was found to be defective and deteriorate rapidly, causing significant damage to homes and buildings. Manville pulled the product off the market in 1974, just four years after it was introduced.
In the course of preparing his case, Aguirre began monitoring Manville in October 1981, when the company undertook a reorganization that moved 75% of its assets to four of five new companies it created. The board of directors and officers remained in the same positions, so nothing essential changed; except the assets were diverted. Aguirre became convinced Manville was trying to put its assets beyond the reach of unsecured creditors and when he went to trial, he accurately predicted the company would file between 45 and 60 days.
The three-month long trial concluded with Aguirre winning a $6 million award against Manville, at that time, the largest amount in San Diego Superior Court history. The amount was later increased to $7.5 million when delay damages were added. On July 2, 1982, the day after winning his lawsuit against Manville, Aguirre went back to court to ask that Manville be required to post a $9 million bond to guarantee his clients' judgment in case of a bankruptcy filing, arguing that Manville was on the verge of filing a Chapter 11 bankruptcy. Agreeing with Aguirre’s argument, the judge ordered Manville to post a bond.
Eight weeks later, on August 26, 1982, Manville did file for Chapter 11 protection from multiple damage awards, shocking financial analysts. Unlike the more than 12,000 other plaintiffs, primarily asbestos cases, Aguirre's clients' judgment was insured by a $9 million bond. All lawsuits against Manville were immediately stayed, but a federal bankruptcy judge in New York separated Aguirre's case from the others, paving the way for Aguirre's clients to receive their payments. The thousands of other lawsuits remained frozen until May 1988.
SEC investigator, becomes whistleblower.
In July 2004, Aguirre entered public service as a senior counsel at the SEC Division of Enforcement in Washington, D.C. A routine check of Wall Street trades flagged unusually heavy stock purchases by Pequot Capital Management, a hedge fund, in Heller Financial in July 2001, which was bought by GE Capital shortly thereafter, earning Pequot $18 million inside of a month. Aguirre was made the lead investigator on the case.
Aguirre pushed to subpoena John Mack, a top Wall Street executive who was then under consideration by Morgan Stanley to become its CEO and had been a major contributor to the 2004 presidential campaign of George W. Bush. Initially, Aguirre had the full support of other SEC staff and of his supervisors. This changed on June 23, 2005, when Aguirre received a phone call from Eric Dinallo, head of regulatory compliance at Morgan Stanley, who wanted to know if the SEC was "going to proceed against Mack" because of concerns revolving around Morgan Stanley's decision to hire Mack as CEO. The same day, Aguirre's supervisor, Robert Hanson, told him it would be an uphill battle to pursue Mack because of Mack's "powerful political connections".
Investigation derailed.
Just three days after the call to Aguirre, Mary Jo White placed a call to Linda Chatman Thomsen. Thomsen was then SEC Director of Enforcement and Aguirre's boss four levels above him. White is a partner at Debevoise & Plimpton, the law firm hired by Morgan Stanley to vet Mack and was in charge of the process She had previously been the U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York which has jurisdiction over Wall Street. Though Thomsen told the Senate she told White she couldn't say anything about the Mack investigation, the Senate report said White's talking points indicated Thomsen had said there was "smoke" but "surely not fire".
Over the next two days, Aguirre sent his supervisors his analysis of the evidence against Pequot and proposed interviewing Mack. On June 28, he had a "heated discussion" with Mark Kreitman, one of his supervisors and his former professor at Georgetown, over the SEC's refusal to interview Mack. In the meantime, he was given his year-end performance evaluation, which noted his dedication. Hanson wrote, "has consistently gone the extra mile, and then some," and a two-step salary increase was approved.
A month later, on July 27, 2005, Aguirre sent an e-mail to his supervisor Paul R. Berger, explaining the importance of the Mack subpoena and expressing concern that “treating Mack differently is consistent with the Commission’s mission, which is "to protect investors, maintain fair, orderly, and efficient markets, and facilitate capital formation." In this e-mail, Aguirre also reported to Berger that Hanson had said Mack had "political connections".
Retaliation.
Though given a pay raise and praised for his work on the Pequot case, after Aguirre raised concerns about the special treatment being given Mack, Berger told Hanson to do a "supplemental evaluation" of Aguirre and one other staff attorney "looking to raise trouble". The Senate report notes that such re-evaluations were not an authorized part of the SEC evaluation process, nor were SEC officials able to recall other instances where "supplemental evaluations" were drafted for other employees. Aguirre continued to have conversations with Hanson about Mack in the early days of August. Hanson continued to refer to Mack's political connections and on August 4, 2005 wrote, "Mack’s counsel will have ‘juice’ as I described last night—meaning that they may reach out to Paul and Linda (and possibly others)." Apparently setting a precedent, Aguirre's supervisors re-evaluated his job performance, reversing the positive appraisal given just one month prior. While on vacation, Aguirre was abruptly fired without warning on September 1, 2005. His termination was later found to have been unlawful by the subsequent Senate investigations and report.
Berger stopped the investigation of Mack and closed the case against Pequot without filing a single charge. A few months prior, on January 31, 2005, Berger had gotten an e-mail from Jan Lower, another attorney, describing in detail the $2 million potential earnings an SEC official could earn at Debevoise. On September 8, 2005, just days after Aguirre was fired, an SEC official at the same staff level as Berger wrote an e-mail to him titled "Debevoise", saying he had mentioned Berger's "interest" to White and within weeks, it was rumored that Berger would be leaving the SEC to join Debevoise & Plimpton as a partner. Berger submitted his resignation to the SEC on May 15, 2006 and on June 1, 2006 became a partner at Debevoise & Plimpton, where he continues to work. White denies asking the SEC to close any investigation.
Vindication by the Senate.
Aguirre wrote an 18-page letter to members of the U.S. Senate who were chairmen of various related committees and subcommittees, detailing his allegations about Pequot. Senators Charles E. Grassley and Richard C. Shelby, both Republicans, asked SEC officials for a confidential briefing on the matter. Aguirre accused the SEC of failing to pursue Mack because of his political connections as a major fundraiser for George W. Bush. By 2006, both the Senate Finance Committee and the Senate Judiciary Committee were investigating the matter, culminating in what "Forbes" magazine called a "scathing" report. In testimony, Aguirre told the committee there needed to be better regulation of hedge funds to protect the public. He said, “There is growing evidence that today’s unregulated hedge funds have advanced and refined the practice of manipulating and cheating other market participants. The potential harm hedge funds can inflict on other market participants has no real limits." He warned that fixing the SEC so it would protect investors and capital markets would not be easy because powerful Wall Street investment banks liked things as they are He said the SEC and the Justice Department had failed to adequately prosecute abuses by hedge funds, and he compared the situation to that which preceded the stock market crash of 1929.
In the Senate's oversight role, it conducted an extensive investigation of whether or not Mack received unlawful preferential treatment from the SEC and whether or not Aguirre was unlawfully fired as a result of objecting to this treatment. The Senate reviewed 10,000 pages of documents and held more than 30 witness interviews. Additionally, there were three hearings before the Senate Judiciary Committee in June, September and December 2006. The joint report was officially released August 3, 2007. The Senate found Aguirre to have been well regarded until he questioned the SEC's misconduct toward Mack, that Mack was treated preferentially and that Aguirre was illegally fired in retaliation.
Court vindication and settlement.
Aguirre then sued the SEC under the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) seeking documents related to his employment and discharge, as well as the SEC's investigation of Pequot and Mack. The SEC, claiming several exemptions under the law released redacted versions of the documents, thereby withholding information. They also failed to produce Aguirre's original personnel file. Aguirre alleged in his suit that the SEC had failed to conduct an adequate search for documents and he challenged the SEC's failure to produce his original personnel file, which contained records missing from the version given him. On April 28, 2008, the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, citing the Senate report extensively, ruled in his favor, forcing the SEC to turn over documents to Aguirre. The Court wrote of "the importance of understanding the dispute between the parties, as well as plaintiff’s legal argument that the public interest in disclosure of the withheld records outweighs any privacy interest" under exemptions claimed by the SEC and relied heavily on the Senate report. It noted how the SEC resisted deposing Mack and didn't considering him a potential tipper until after a front-page article in "The New York Times" revealed the derailed investigation and then did not depose him until the statute of limitations for civil and criminal penalties had run out.
In 2007, Senators Chuck Grassley and Arlen Specter urged the SEC to reopen the case against Pequot, but it remained closed. Making extensive use of the documents released by the SEC to him, Aguirre uncovered incriminating evidence proving Pequot had engaged in insider trading of Microsoft and he shared this evidence with the SEC in a 16-page letter to SEC chairman Christopher Cox, dated January 2, 2009. Within days, the SEC re-opened the investigation, but no charges were filed in the weeks or months following, though when it did finally file charges, they closely followed the evidence as stated in Aguirre's letter.
On April 1, 2009, Aguirre filed a second lawsuit against the SEC for unlawful disclosure of his records under the Privacy Act of 1974, for violating the due process clause of the Fifth Amendment and for injunctive relief under the Privacy Act and FOIA. On December 2, 2009, in an interim decision on Aguirre's FOIA case, the Court again ruled in his favor. On May 26, 2010, Aguirre filed papers in this case, seeking an order directing the SEC to release additional Pequot records to him on the grounds that under the FOIA, the SEC had to turn the records over to him because it had filed no case against Pequot or anyone else. Early the next morning, on May 27, 2010, the SEC filed charges against Pequot, Samberg and Zilkha and announced a settlement with Pequot.
A month later, the SEC agreed to pay Aguirre $755,000, an amount equal to four years and ten months of lost salary and attorney's fees. The amount appears to be the largest settlement ever disclosed by the Merit Systems Protection Board. On reaching the settlement with the SEC for his wrongful termination, Aguirre said, "It’s a shame the team I worked with at the SEC did not get to complete the Pequot investigation. The filing of the case in 2005 or 2006, before the financial crisis, would have been the right message at the right moment for Wall Street elite: the SEC goes after big fish too."
Return to private practice.
Aguirre now specializes in securities law, defending those victimized by investor fraud and those wishing to come forward to expose abuses. In 2008, he returned to San Diego with a reputation for winning cases.
He continued to work on the Pequot insider trading investigation, collecting and piecing together evidence, gaining information through Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) requests. In April 2008, he obtained a court order forcing the SEC to give him key records of its then closed Pequot investigation and later that year, he uncovered the evidence necessary to prove an insider trading charge against Pequot, founder Arthur Samberg and his former employee, David Zilkha On January 2, 2009, Aguirre sent a 16-page letter with the evidence to Christopher Cox, then SEC chairman. In it, he argued that there was sufficient evidence to reopen the case and he recommended that the U.S. Department of Justice open an investigation of Pequot, Samberg and Zilkha for possible witness tampering, bribery, obstruction of justice, and violation of the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act. Because the SEC continued to stonewall, on May 26, 2010, Aguirre sought an order directing the SEC to release additional Pequot records to him. He argued that because the SEC had failed to file charges against Pequot or anyone else, under the FOIA, the SEC must turn over the records. The following morning, on May 27, 2010, using allegations that closely follow Aguirre's January letter, the SEC filed charges against Pequot, Samberg and Zilkha.
Aguirre is helping Senator Grassley's staff examine 21,000 Federal Reserve (the Fed) transactions involving taxpayer funds distributed to banks and other financial institutions. The Fed was forced to reveal the information by Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) requests by Bloomberg News and Fox News, as well as provisions contained in Wall Street reform legislation. Despite pronouncements by the Fed about its transparency, the information released has been incomplete. The lack of details make it impossible to tell just how much profit the recipients of the funds are making and only the recipients' names and amount of funds are known. Aguirre says that between $3 and $4 trillion in cash transfers were made and another $9 to $11 trillion in commitments that taxpayer funds would cover the cost of failed investments. “It looks like they are borrowing the money from the Fed, say, at 70 cents on the dollar and selling it back to the Fed for 90 cents. We can’t tell for certain because the Fed won’t tell us. The Fed publishes information but not enough for you to figure out what the hell happened,” Aguirre said.
Aguirre represents Darcy Flynn, an SEC lawyer who also became a whistleblower after Robert Khuzami asked his staff in an e-mail on May 18, 2011 to report any questionable behavior on the part of lawyers representing clients. Though Khuzami had meant lawyers outside the SEC, Flynn reported activity that had taken place within the SEC. Early in Flynn's 13-year career at the SEC, he worked on a case where investigators thought they had clear evidence of fraud against Deutsche Bank. In an interview with "Der Spiegel", CEO Rolf Breuer had denied the bank was involved in talks to acquire Bankers Trust, causing Bankers Trust stock to drop, which could lower the cost of a merger. SEC investigators began looking into the matter, collecting sworn testimony and documents that proved Breuer had lied. Deutsche Bank hired former SEC enforcement director Gary Lynch to persuade the SEC not to pursue the case, which had to be approved by superiors before proceeding. Approval to go forward with the case was approved by every level and lacked only the signature of Richard H. Walker, then serving as SEC enforcement director. Rather than approve the case, on July 10, 2001 he recused himself. On July 23, 2001, a letter was sent to Deutsche Bank informing them, ""Inquiry in the above-captioned matter has been terminated." The SEC dropped the fraud investigation without the customary explanation of its decision to close the case. On October 1, 2001, Walker was hired as general counsel by Deutsche Bank. In 2004, he hired Khuzami to work at the bank and a few years later, recommended him to become SEC enforcement director. Flynn was interviewed by staff from three congressional committees in summer 2011 on the Deutsche Bank case and the destruction of files from thousands of preliminary investigation cases conducted by the SEC. Senator Grassley wrote a letter to the SEC about the document destruction and SEC inspector general H. David Kotz investigated the matter.
Predicted the 2008 financial collapse.
In 2006, while testifying before Senator Arlen Specter and the Senate Judiciary Committee about Mack, Pequot Capital and the SEC lack of oversight, he warned that SEC enforcement was dangerously lax. He said that the SEC had recovered a mere $110,000 from hedge fund insider trading over one year when the Committee itself had found evidence that over a one-year period, more than 41% of all mergers and acquisitions of over a billion dollars involved insider trading. Aguirre warned that lack of effective oversight of rampant corruption was allowing Wall Street the same unregulated market abuse and leveraging that caused the Wall Street crash of 1929. In 2008, he delivered a similar message at the Sibos conference in Vienna. Just prior to the collapse of Bear Stearns, he wrote a letter to the Senate Banking Committee that the nation's banks, and particularly Bear Stearns, were at risk because of subprime debt exposure and credit default swaps. In September 2008, during the debate on the Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP), Aguirre's projections on the costs of the taxpayer bailout were cited on the floor of the U.S. House of Representatives.
Continuing critic.
Aguirre is frequently quoted and interviewed in the media regarding issues related to financial and securities law and whistleblowers. Aguirre says the SEC has completely lost sight of its mission and that the mentality and culture won't change until the agency is no longer "run by attorneys who are on sabbatical" from Wall Street.
On July 22, 2010, President Barack Obama signed Wall Street reform legislation, the Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, which included a provision to exempt the SEC from FOIA requests by the public. Aguirre used FOIA requests to obtain records relating to why his SEC superiors had stymied his Pequot investigation, charges which prompted two U.S. Senate committees to investigate. The documents, released against the wishes of the SEC, led to the discovery of evidence that resulted in a large settlement. Aguirre was the first to speak out about the exemptions and a letter by Congressman Darrell Issa to Mary Schapiro, chairman of the SEC relied heavily on his article, "The Dodd-Frank Act: A FOIA Exemption for SEC Misconduct?" from "Wall Street Lawyer". Congressional testimony by the Project on Government Oversight at a hearing on legislative proposals to address the problem referred to Aguirre's case as an example of the crucial need for public oversight of government agencies. Aguirre said the new bill would block public access to the SEC's records and hamper oversight. Other critics called the bill a "backroom deal" between the SEC and the U.S. Congress to cover up SEC failures.
The following week, first the Senate and then the House unanimously passed bills to repeal the exemptions. Obama signed the bill repealing the exemption on October 5, 2010.
Aguirre describes the SEC as an agency created to protect the public from Wall Street, but now protects Wall Street from the public, and calls it a revolving door, where people move from SEC positions to highly lucrative positions on Wall Street and also in reverse. "All the agencies have to some extent or another a revolving door government employees move to the private sector and earn more money. But at the SEC, what you rotate into is an enormous salary leap. SEC managers may make $200,000. That same person may make $2 million as a starting salary on the outside and can move up from there. Now, when he leaves, I'm not sure he's worth $2 million as a lawyer, but he takes his Rolodex with him and that Rolodex is gold. The system maintains itself, because those that stay know their turn will come if they play the game. They see a director or associate director move onto a $2 million job with a Wall Street law firm. Then, the departed employee calls back to his former colleagues and says, 'you know I really don't think there is much of a case against so-and-so, I'd like for you to take a look at it.' And the case goes away; the system goes on in perpetuity." Two of Aguirre's supervisors left the SEC for lucrative positions at private law firms. Paul Berger works at Debevoise and Plimpton. After failing to investigate the Bernie Madoff ponzi scheme, Linda Chatman Thomsen left her position as SEC Enforcement Director to become a partner at Davis Polk & Wardwell, where according to the "Wall Street Journal", she would be part of its "white-collar defense group". Robert Khuzami, who succeeded her, worked as a prosecutor in the U.S. Attorney's office in Manhattan's Southern District of New York, then went to Deutsche Bank for several years before returning being named SEC Enforcement Director.
The SEC's handling of the investigation of Pequot's $18 million profit on Heller Financial, contrasts sharply with their aggressive pursuit of a low-level GE employee and a kung fu instructor who made a much smaller trade on Heller, earning a profit of just over $150,000. According to Aguirre, decisions to pursue small cases and ignore the much larger ones involving the financial elite are less the exception, than the rule and explain why Bernie Madoff was ignored for so long.
In April 2012, representing whistleblower Rodolfo Michelson, Aguirre filed an FOIA claim against the SEC related to Michelson's claims that Sempra Global bribed Mexican government officials in order to advance its projects. Michelon filed suit against the SEC after an SEC investigation into the bribes concluded that the charges had been addressed. The suit alleges that the SEC "outsourced" its investigation to a law firm with ties to Sempra and seeks SEC records that indicate how the SEC conducted the investigation. Baker & McKenzie and Jones Day investigated the bribery charges. Sempra's executive vice president and general counsel was previously a partner at Jones Day. Aguirre said, "The notion that there is a class of companies, Fortune 500 Companies and Wall Street banks and Wall Street in general who are able to conduct their own investigations through favorite law firms is repugnant to the host of regulations that require the SEC to be neutral, unbiased and treat everybody the same.”
Education.
Aguirre received a Bachelor of Science degree from the University of California, Berkeley in 1962, and a law degree from Boalt Hall in 1966, where he was the recipient of a Ford Foundation grant.
During a trip to Russia in 1987, Aguirre met some filmmakers at the Moscow Film Festival and discovered an interest in film. Having reached his professional and financial goals, Aguirre left his law practice in 1995. He returned to college, earning a Master of Fine Arts degree in film from UCLA.
While living in Spain in 2000, he became transfixed by the Bush v. Gore case and began thinking about the letter he had received from Robert F. Kennedy, which he had kept because it inspired him. Re-reading the letter, he was again inspired, reminded that lawyers can have a role beyond construction-defect cases.
At the age of 61, Aguirre went back to law school at Georgetown University Law Center to study international and securities law. Aguirre received a Master of Laws degree with distinction (honors) in 2003 and in January 2004, his LL.M thesis won second place in the Association of Securities and Exchange Commission Alumni Annual Securities Law Writing Competition and was published in the "Delaware Journal of Corporate Law". Four of his professors were on the SEC staff, including one, Mark Kreitman, who later became his supervisor at the SEC. Kreitman described Aguirre as "the best student he had ever had". After graduation, he wanted to enter public service and an advisor suggested he apply for a fraud investigator's job that had come available at the SEC.
Personal.
Aguirre's son is the musician, Gary Jules; his younger brother, Michael, was the San Diego city attorney from 2004 to 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="30969725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969725" title="John Atkinson (Australian politician)">
John Atkinson (Australian politician)

John Atkinson (died 1943) was the mayor of Toowoomba, Queensland in 1913 and a former Queensland wrestling champion. Born in Cumberland, England, he came to Australia in 1878 took jobs first as a schoolteacher and then as a businessman. He was a Toowoomba City Council alderman in 1907 and from 1910-1912. He died on 19 May 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="30969743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969743" title="Big Thunder National Training Center">
Big Thunder National Training Center

Big Thunder National Training Center is a Nordic skiing complex located in Thunder Bay, Ontario, Canada. It was opened in 1963, and closed in 1995. The centerpiece was the Big Thunder Ski Jumping Center, which had K-90 and K-120 hills. The center hosted the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="30969746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969746" title="African Israel Church Nineveh">
African Israel Church Nineveh

The African Israel Church Nineveh is one of the largest African Initiated Churches in Kenya. The Church was founded by David Zakayo Kivuli, who belonged to a small clan which though integrated into Bantu society was Nilotic in origin, being on the border of Luo and Luhya territory. He grew up being friends to all and speaking Nandi and Luo as well as his native Ragoli. The church has thus been able to draw membership from both Luo and Luhya. Today the AINC followers are found in every large town in Kenya. Though the majority are members from two tribes, the Luhya and the Luo, the church has spread among many other tribes in the country. It has communities in the USA and the UK (London).
The Background of David Zakayo Kivuli.
Some 'freelance' Pentecostal missionaries had been working at Nyang'ori, on the border of the Luo and Luhya territory since 1919, and this work gained increased impetus with the arrival of the Pentecostal Mission from Canada in 1924. The Pentecostals preached a simple message of individual salvation with a moment of conversion with a subsequent 'receiving of the Spirit'.
David Zakayo Kivuli was born about 1896 and came from a polygamous family living at Gimarakwa, only four mile from Nyang'ori. He enrolled at Nyang'ori mission school during the First World War (in 1914) in order to avoid enlistment into the Carrier Corps. He was later employed on a settler's farm, where he worked hard and married in 1921, and for the next four years worked as a labourer in various parts of Kenya. This varied experience, together with some further education at the Jeanes School at Kabete (Nairobi), gave him a broad outlook which reached beyond tribal limitations, and a considerable knowledge, if also some suspicions, of European ways and thought. 
Kivuli returned to study at the Pentecostal mission in Nyang'ori, where he was baptised in 1925. In 1929 he was made mission supervisor of schools. He returned for a short course at Kabete in 1931. Late in 1931 he fell ill and following this illness was converted. He began to prophesy and speak in tongues and performed miraculous cures. Many signs and wonders occurred, and his confession of sins and worship in public places which contradicted the teachings of the missionaries made it clear that he was not operating under the Pentecostal Church.
David Kivuli died in 1974 and is buried in a mausoleum in his family compound next to the headquarters in Nineveh.
A Calling Like St Paul's.
On 6 February 1932 he became convinced for the first time that he was a sinner needing salvation, and on 12 February received the Spirit. While singing in his house something lifted him up and threw him on the ground, and he became temporarily blind. That night he began to speak with tongues, and the whole house was filled with light, but he remained blind for 16 days, and couldn't eat for 12 days. During that time he heard a voice like thunder and God commanded him not to shave his beard and to take the name of Paul 
When he recovered he had lost interest in teaching children and wanted to preach the Word of God, which he did by going from village to village, singing and converting people. He prayed for the sick and they were healed. He was also joined by a group of Luo Anglicans who had received the spirit and been expelled from the church. The leader of this group, Filemona Orwa, became a great friend of Kivuli's. Kivuli was well respected both by the church and the government locally.
During this time he had the confidence of both secular and ecclesiastical authorities. From 1937 to 1943 he was a member of the Location Council, a position of some public responsibility. From 1936 he was Chairman of the African Church Committee of the Pentecostal mission, and from 1939, an authorised evangelist
The supernatural origin of his mission is also associated with a large rock near his home. One day in 1941 while he and some followers were singing and praying, water came out of the rock. The same happened the next day. This confirmed his calling. For many years he was ministering within his mother church.
Eventually he decided to form his own church and the separation from the Pentecostals was achieved without bitterness on either side. It started with about 150 members. Kivuli and his followers established a good reputation of being people who were 'loyal and harmless, pay taxes promptly, and are amenable to discipline’.
The Founding of the New Church.
The new church was thus founded on 1 January 1942 out of the Pentecostal Assemblies of Canada at Nyang'ori. It was initially called Huru Salvation Nineveh (Free Salvation Nineveh), but later became the African Israel Church Nineveh (AICN). Kivuli points out that the church is called African not to be exclusive of other races, but to show that it was "first founded, performed, ministered in Africa." Israel has the meaning of 'soldier of God' daily struggling against the enemy, and also 'God's plan of Salvation'. It is called Nineveh because as the people of Nineveh repented, so the members are taught to repent and flee from the wickedness and evils of this world. 
The church grew slowly in the first five years, but from 1949 the membership started to pick up. Kivuli was able to preach in both Abaluhya and Dhluo so the church grew among both tribes.
A Distinctive Church.
Polygamy was accepted at the time of entering the church, but a member was not allowed to take more wives. Women, who outnumbered men two to one, were given an important place in the church.
It is customary for both men and women members to process to church in ankle length white dresses, accompanied with a flag and drum. "The practice of wearing long garments or gowns with head kerchiefs and turbans on the head of all, both females and males, is the indication that in Heaven we do not have sexual differences or physical bodies but we are all in the form of spiritual body, that immortal body of God; And as the Old Testament was the picture of shadow of the New Testament, so the wearing by Israel adherents of almost the same and undistinguished dresses of both the body and the head is the shadow of the heavenly uniform." 
Immediately the church was founded the flag was introduced. It indicates that the soldiers of the cross must have a national flag to show their regiment wherever they are. The flag is green, white and red, representing the three major races of the world, Africans, Whites and Asians. It also represents the Godhead of Father, Son and Holy Spirit. It is used on parades outside the church. These processions are to fish for sinners, thus fulfilling the Lord's command to go out and preach the gospel to every creature.
They sing and dance as they go in public witness to their faith. The services are spontaneous with the leader very much in charge, and they follow a general pattern of prayer, exhortation, much noisy singing, and public confession leading to possession. Spiritual healing is common, and dreams are regarded as an important part of revelation.
Prophecy is also very important. "The church believes strongly that all the people of God are spiritually inspired and that there are prophets, who can directly communicate with God in Spirit and to interpret the visions to the people. That this is true means, God approaches or sends his wonderful message to his people, to reform his relationship of his glory to men of the world." Dreams likewise have a very important place, as they do in tribal tradition to the extent that Kivuli states: "I am convinced that the only way in which God speaks to his children is through dreams. There must be a biblical parallel. Otherwise the dream is not from God. But nothing important happens in the world which is not revealed to God's prophets." (Quoted in Welbourn, 1966). It is important however to note the need for objectivity, through the scriptures, recognised by Kivuli, though not necessarily recognised by the rank and file members.
A Growing Church.
The church grew rapidly among the Luo and Luyia of western Kenya and spread into neighbouring Tanzania and Uganda. By 1970 Kivuli led perhaps 100,000 followers; his church had one hundred branches and was accepted as a probationary member of the National Christian Council of Kenya. 
AICN is now spread across Kenya, and by 1973 was administered through 23 ministries under ministers (21 being in Kenya), with in turn 68 Pastorates each with a Pastor and 274 churches. Kivuli died in 1974; in 1975 the Africa Israel Church Nineveh became an associate member church of the World Council of Churches. AICN is an active member of the World Council of Churches, All Africa Council of Churches and the Organisation of African Instituted Churches (OAIC).
The local congregations have considerable autonomy, while having a strong bond of loyalty to the centre and the leader. There is a strong moral obligation to pay an annual subscription which helps maintain the centre at Nineveh. 
Keen members are expected to attend church twice a week. On Fridays the service is for full members and is essentially one of confession and purification. The Sunday service is one of thanksgiving for redemption into the saved community, and non members are encouraged to come and join in.
Headquarters.
The Headquarters is at Jebrok in Hamisi Constituency in Western Province, Kenya. The spiritual head of the church resides at Nineveh headquarters where a large church was built in 1958, called Safina or "The Ark". When David Kivuli died in 1974 he was succeeded as spiritual head by the high priestess Mama Rebecca Kivuli, who retired in 1983. The present Archbishop is David Kivuli’s grandson, Archbishop John Kivuli II.
Church structure.
In the AINC the spouse of every church leader is co-leader and the two are ordained together. The administrative and spiritual line begins with the church elder in every local church, a pastor in charge of a pastorate, a senior minister in charge of a centre, a chief minister in charge of a region or division, a moderator or missionary bishop in charge of a central regional office or province, a national bishop in charge of a country and the archbishop as the spiritual head.
Doctrine and beliefs.
The AINC holds the Trinitarian doctrine, and believes in the second coming of Jesus Christ and his final judgment. The church does not practise infant baptism. Infants are dedicated on their eighth day by the local pastor and given Christian names by their parents or guardians. Adult baptism is done after attending baptism classes for three months. It is considered as baptism of the Spirit and is done without water. This does not imply that water as a means of baptism is bad or prohibited. The AINC offers opportunities for water baptism to any member who asks for it.
Holy days.
In the tradition of the AINC, Friday is the day for repentance and is also celebrated as the holy day when the church remembers the death of Jesus Christ on the cross and his forgiveness of sins. Long sessions of prayer and meditation take place on this day. 
Sunday is also a holy day, mostly celebrated by processions.
Ethics.
In the realm of Christian ethics, all members are expected to practice monogamy, abstinence from alcohol and tobacco, and adopt simple styles of dress.
Church departments and Educational Activities.
At the beginning, the AINC faced many difficulties as an independent church in Kenya. Now it operates more than thirty primary schools and sixty nursery schools. Various women's groups are responsible for education in home economics and handicraft. 
The church has various departments and programmes catering for the needs of the youth, recreational activities, women, men, small-scale businesses, mission, evangelism, health, development, legal and human resources, HIV/AIDS programmes, education, counselling services, etc.
Divisions and new Churches.
AICN has suffered from many divisions from it over the years. In 1950 the Muolo Roho Israel Church, founded by Bishop Yona Atiang, split form the AICN over food taboos. The bishop and his deputy inform the congregations concerning prohibited meats. Muolo means peacefulness in Dhluo.
The Muolo Roho Israel Church has removed the physical from sacraments. Baptism does not involve the use of water but is effected by the sign of the cross, and an anointing oil is added to the ceremony. Holy Communion is celebrated with a scripture reading, no food being necessary since Jesus already gave his body on the cross for the faithful.
A second split forming the Roho Israel Church of God took place in 1963. In 1960, the founder, Mr James Kasibo, who was formerly of the Pentecostal Assemblies of God and later of AICN, had a serious illness accompanied by a vision. As a result he led a 'reform Israel' movement of AICN and formed a church which was first known as African Spiritual Israel Church, then World Spiritual Israel Church (Roho Mtakatifu Israel Church and Schools). From 1966 it has been known as Roho Israel Church of God.
In 1962, Mr Paul Omumbo Achola split from the AICN, and eventually in 1970 set up his own body under Luo leadership, supported generously from his own resources. The church is called New Roho Israel Church (Manyien). Manyien mean 'New' in Dhluo.
In 1965 an independent group of Luo and Luhya members split off from the RICG in a dispute over leadership to form the East African Church Roho Israel. Its headquarters is at Ahero.
Also in 1965 Bishop Paulo Masambu led a split from AICN, to form the Sinai Church of East Africa, stressing the need for more educated leadership training. In 1971 it had only grown slowly with 300 Luhya and 50 Kikuyu members (Barrett et al., 1973).
Another schism in 1965 from the AICN led by Rev Stephen John Khaguli in dispute over leadership led in 1966 to the registration of the Three Holiness Church of Kenya, but its registration was cancelled in 1970.
Distinctive practices.
Kitagawa (1962) lists four points on which he says the AICN has deviated from Protestant orthodoxy:
• The weekly day of worship is Friday, while Sunday is the day of preaching outside of the Church.
• Rejection of water in baptism for fear the use of water leads to formalism at the expense of the part played by the Holy Spirit.
• Rejection of Holy Communion, and sole emphasis on repentance as the mark of salvation.
• Baptism of the polygamously married converts without their forsaking the second wife.
These four points, therefore probably give a clear idea of some of the issues missionaries can learn from the churches and how they themselves are perceived.

</doc>
<doc id="30969751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969751" title="Iranian legislative election, 1961">
Iranian legislative election, 1961

Parliamentary elections were held in Iran in 1961, after the elections the previous year had been annulled by the Shah. The result was a victory for the Nationalist Party, which won 75 of the 200 seats.

</doc>
<doc id="30969781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969781" title="Lambert Road Baptist Church">
Lambert Road Baptist Church

Lambert Road Baptist Church is an evangelical church located in the suburb of Morningside, in Durban, South Africa. This church is a member of the Baptist Union of Southern Africa.
History.
Among the British Settlers of 1820 was a small group of Baptists who established the first Baptist Church in South Africa, in Salem (approximately 25 kilometres from Grahamstown in the Eastern Cape). Lambert Road Baptist Church was planted in Durban in 1904 by the Durban Central (West Street) and Bulwer Road Baptist Churches to minister to "the Stamford Hill area", what is today the suburb of Morningside. During the 1950s and 1960s the church had an all age Sunday school of 200, and a significant young adult ministry.
Pastors.
Pastors who have served at Lambert Road Baptist Church over the years are:
Vision.
The vision of the Lambert Road Baptist Church, captured in their logo, is to be:
The first pastor at Lambert Road Baptist Church, Richard Miller, when he arrived in Durban, was quoted as saying, "What faith and hope, how much of love and labour, how many prayers, how many tears, have gone to building the fabric that has now arisen in the Lambert Road Baptist Church, is known to God."

</doc>
<doc id="30969782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969782" title="Lift Me Up (Christina Aguilera song)">
Lift Me Up (Christina Aguilera song)

"Lift Me Up" is a song by American singer Christina Aguilera, from her sixth studio album "Bionic" (2010). The song was written and produced by Linda Perry. It is an empowering piano ballad about asking for a lift, a guidance, if you are feeling down. Aguilera first premiered the song during the telethon that was held on January 22, 2010 and later, it was included on the charity album, "Hope for Haiti Now".
The song garnered mixed reviews from music critics; some praised Aguilera's vocals and the inspirational theme, but others felt it was an obligatory, but boring ballad. The song charted on the Gaon International Download Chart, UK Singles Chart and on the US Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles.
Background.
While working on her then upcoming album "Bionic", Aguilera revealed that Linda Perry, who had previously worked with her was to be included in the project. Perry have worked on a number of successful songs with Aguilera, including "Hurt," "Keeps Gettin' Better" and "Beautiful." In an interview with "Billboard" in October 2008 Aguilera said that the album would be mostly produced by Perry. However, only one song on the album was produced by Perry. 
While commenting on the song, Aguilera talked about working with Perry, once again:
She's always on my "go-to" list, she's just an amazing artist and songwriter, we just make magic together. She and I collaborated on 'Lift Me Up', she had written the song, as well as having written 'Beautiful' years ago, took a first listen and I knew I have to interpret this song.
Composition.
"Lift Me Up" was written and produced by Linda Perry. The song is a piano ballad about overcome the difficulties and get up again. In the chorus, she sings: "When you see me crashing and there's nowhere left to fall, will you life me higher?". According to Aguilera on her "track-by-track" commentary, she described it as a "light at the end of the tunnel." Aguilera further commented:
It is a beautiful song, asking for a little lift, a little guidance, a little help, if you are feeling a little down or distressed and I knew that it will be related to a lot of people.
Critical reception.
Margaret Wappler from Los Angeles Times wrote that the song is "an 'American Idol'-ready ballad and a classic demonstration of the singer's range from tender to throaty." Mesfin Fekadu of Boston Globe wrote that "she wins you over on the Linda Perry-assisted track." Dan Martin of NME called it "serviceable and obligatory", while Rolling Stone's Rob Sheffield named it "the inevitable Linda Perry snoozer." Bradley Stern of "MuuMuse" wrote a positive review, stating: "The gorgeous Linda Perry-penned ballad is the next best candidate to follow Aguilera’s already established classics, “Beautiful” and 'Hurt'." The UK website Scotsman wrote that the song is a "feeble, pedestrian, standard issue ballad." Alexis Petridis of The Guardian wrote that it is a "patented self-help ballad."
Stephen Thomas Erlewine from Allmusic called it a "boring inspirational song", while Allison Stewart from Washington Post named it "the obligatory but still goose-bump-raising inspirational ballad." Jon Pareles from New York Times commented that the song "tries to invoke 'Imagine' but falls short." Michael Cragg of MusicOMH agreed, writing that "Perry contribute in a typically cloying and cliché-ridden ballad." Omar Kholeif of PopMatters wrote a negative review, stating: "It's one of those shallow, vomit-inducing laments barely good enough to pass for a winning song on an American Idol finale; it’s certainly no better than a retro Aguilera B-side like 'Too Beautiful for Words' or an A-side like 'I Turn to You'." Greg Kot of Chicago Tribune questioned: "But, really, does the world need another over-emoted power ballad like the Linda Perry-written and produced 'Lift Me Up'?". Jordan Richardson from Blogcritics wrote a mixed review, stating: 
"A drab Linda Perry-penned ballad, the track feels like just about every other Xtina ballad except with smaller notes. Its position is peculiar, too, as it doesn’t really work as the cool-down from the sexy mealtime number ('Sex for Breakfast')." 
Chart performance.
Upon the release of the album "Hope for Haiti Now", "Lift Me Up" debuted and peaked on the UK Singles Chart at number 183 in the chart issue February 6, 2010. It also debuted and peaked on the US Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles at number 25. In South Korea, the "album version" debuted at number 35 on the Gaon International Downloads Chart on the chart issue June 6, 2010.
Live performance.
In 2010, Aguilera performed a stripped-down performance of the song on the telethon that was held on January 22, 2010. Perry accompanied Aguilera playing piano during the performance. It was also included on the album Hope for Haiti Now. Jayson Rodriguez of MTV News wrote that "The elegant singer belted out 'Lift Me Up' with vigor and a chilling vitality." Luke Crampton from Huffington Post wrote that "Aguilera had the courage to debut a new original song. Supreme balladeer, with all her success she remains an underrated singer-songwriter. Impeccable delivery, but as a stand-alone composition, not within a mile of her glorious 2006 hit, Hurt." Dave Karger from "Entertainment Weekly's" "Pop Watch" listed the 10 best numbers of the night and "Lift Me Up" was number 6. He wrote the following:
"We’ve always known Xtina was a gifted singer. But her belt-tastic performance of her new ballad “Lift Me Up” (a track from her upcoming "Bionic" CD) was reminiscent of Whitney Houston in her prime."
Credits and personnel.
Credits adapted from the liner notes of "Bionic", RCA Records.

</doc>
<doc id="30969786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969786" title="Chintapalli, Vizianagaram">
Chintapalli, Vizianagaram

Chintapalli () is a Village and Gram panchayat in Pusapatirega mandal of Vizianagaram district, Andhra Pradesh, India.
It is located about 12 kilometers from the mandal headquarters Pusapatirega and about 25 kilometers from Vizianagaram city.
Santapille Lighthouse.
There is an ancient Lighthouse called "Santapille Lighthouse" in the village. Its main objective is to warn about the danger of the Shoal six miles off the coast. It was first commissioned in 1840 and subsequently renovated in the years 1849, 1903 and 1995.
It was ruled by Mongam family. Late Mongam Chinnaih Dora is the first ruler and a land lord. Born in caste of Kshtriya Kapu referred as Telaga. Mongam families are titled with the name Dora as a last name. Sirimanutsav were carried here by Mongam family once for every four years. Erakamma is god worshiped by the people of Chintapalli. As per history, Erakamma is spouse of Mongam chinnaih Dora. 

</doc>
<doc id="30969788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969788" title="Norris Prevost">
Norris Prevost

Norris Prevost is a Dominican politician in the United Workers' Party. He has served in the House of Assembly of Dominica since 2000.
Prevost graduated from the University of the West Indies, with a Bachelor of Science degree in agricultural economics, and a Master of Business Administration. He also earned a Master in Public Administration from the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University.
Prevost was appointed as a senator to the House of Assembly from 1990 to 2005. From 1995 to 2000, he served as the Minister of Tourism. He was elected as a representative to the House of Assembly in the 2005 general election, from the Roseau Central constituency. Prevost was reelected in the 2009 general election, by the narrow margin of 839 votes to 836 for his Labour Party opponent, Alvin Bernard. 
The 2009 election overall was a loss for the UWP, which lost four seats to retain only three. Prevost subsequently joined the UWP boycott of the House of Assembly, in protest against alleged election irregularities. Prevost became the only UWP member to break the boycott, taking his seat on 29 April 2010 in what he stated was a strategic move on behalf of the UWP. The other two UWP seats were declared vacant and a by-election held, though both UWP members won to retain their seats.

</doc>
<doc id="30969795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969795" title="Kingskettle">
Kingskettle

Kingskettle is a small village in Fife, Scotland. It is situated in the Howe of Fife, around a mile south of Ladybank. It is home to The Singing Kettle shop. The railway station was permanently closed in 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="30969797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969797" title="Michael Power (Australian politician)">
Michael Power (Australian politician)

Michael Power (died 1880) was an alderman and mayor of Toowoomba, Queensland. He was mayor in 1871 and alderman from 1869–1870 and 1872-1873.

</doc>
<doc id="30969799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969799" title="Samuel Collins (artist)">
Samuel Collins (artist)

Samuel Collins (1735-1768), a native of Bristol, practised miniature painting at Bath.
Life.
He was the son of a clergyman at Bristol. He was originally educated as an attorney, but quit this profession and became a miniature-painter. He settled at Bath, where he soon obtained a very large practice, and gained the reputation of one of the most perfect miniature-painters in this country. He had numerous pupils, among whom was Ozias Humphry, to whom he eventually relinquished his practice at Bath. He then removed to Dublin and enjoyed a high reputation there. He painted both on enamel and on ivory. 

</doc>
<doc id="30969814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969814" title="Meganoton analis">
Meganoton analis

Meganoton analis is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from India, Nepal, southern and eastern China, northern Thailand, northern Vietnam, Indonesia, Taiwan, the southern part of the Russian Far East (Kurile Islands), South Korea and Japan.
The wingspan is 87–150 mm. Adults of ssp. "scribae" are on wing from early June to early August in Korea.
The larvae have been recorded feeding on "Sassafras tzuma" in China. It is also an occasional pest of "Magnolia" species. The larvae of ssp. "scribae" have been recorded feeding on "Magnolia kobus" in Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="30969829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969829" title="Alejandro de Pinedo">
Alejandro de Pinedo

Alejandro Gil Pinedo, better known as Alejandro de Pinedo (Cadiz, Andalusia, Spain 1965) is a Spanish composer, author, musical producer and chill-out music artist. He grew up in Jerez de la Frontera and has always been connected to the world of music. In his teen years, he was the guitar player of a local progressive rock band, named "Triunvirato"; later in Madrid he graduated as an telecommunications Engineer. 
Since 1987 he started to work as a professional musician making international tours with Latin artists such as Raphael, Georgie Dann, Maria del Monte and El Fary among many others.
In 1995, he founded AGP MUSIC, a musical label. Since then, he has been making hits in his recording studio, that the other companies have been releasing worldwide.
His career as a music composer, producer and arranger is extensive. He has signed many hits in several styles from pop to dance and chill-out music.
He has won 31 gold and platinum discs until 2011.this moment.
There are more than 3 million of CDs sold worldwide in more than a hundred productions that Alejandro de Pinedo has worked on.
He has created many works for TV and advertising.
Since 2004, he started his own career as a chill-out music artist.

</doc>
<doc id="30969862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969862" title="Takahiro Sasaki (footballer)">
Takahiro Sasaki (footballer)

Takahiro Sasaki (born September 25, 1974) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="30969871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969871" title="Londonderry, Western Australia">
Londonderry, Western Australia

Londonderry is a ghost town in Western Australia, located 14 km South West of Coolgardie in the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia.
Gold was discovered in the area in 1894 by a party of prospectors, one of whom named the find after his home town of Londonderry. Lord Fingall took over the find in 1892 but the gold soon petered out. The townsite was gazetted in 1895.
By 1898 the town had a population of 220 (200 males and 20 females).

</doc>
<doc id="30969908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969908" title="Takahiro Okubo">
Takahiro Okubo

Takahiro Okubo (大久保 貴広, born April 29, 1974) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="30969912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969912" title="John Lyttelton">
John Lyttelton

John Lyttelton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30969930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969930" title="Matthew Keeffe">
Matthew Keeffe

Matthew Keefe (died 1924) was a hotel manager, policeman and farmer who was elected mayor of Toowoomba, Queensland in 1900. Born in Ireland, he emigrated to Queensland during the 1870s and joined the Queensland Police in 1879, becoming a sergeant before retiring in 1889 in Toowoomba. He then entered the hotel business, and was elected as an alderman for the Toowoomba City Council from 1896–1901, serving as mayor in 1900. He died on 22 March 1924 at Maryvale, Queensland, where he had taken up agriculture.

</doc>
<doc id="30969940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969940" title="List of native Philippine chicken breeds">
List of native Philippine chicken breeds

The domestic chicken breeds native to the Philippine islands include:

</doc>
<doc id="30969942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969942" title="Eugene Augustus Hoffman">
Eugene Augustus Hoffman

Eugene Augustus Hoffman (1829 New York City - 1902) was a United States clergyman.
Biography.
Hoffman was educated at Rutgers and Harvard colleges and the General Theological Seminary. He held successive rectorships at Elizabeth, New Jersey, Burlington, New Jersey, Brooklyn, New York, and Philadelphia, and in 1879 was appointed dean of the General Theological Seminary in New York. He was a man of great wealth and, with others of his family, heavily endowed this seminary. He built Christ Church and rectory at Elizabeth, and also churches at Woodbridge and Millburn, New Jersey.
Works.
His writings include "Free Churches" (1858) and "The Eucharistic Week" (1859 and 1893).

</doc>
<doc id="30969945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969945" title="Iranian Constitutional Convention election, 1979">
Iranian Constitutional Convention election, 1979

Constitutional Convention elections were held in Iran on 3 August 1979. The result was a victory for the Islamic Republican Party, which won 55 of the 73 seats. Voter turnout was 90.5%.

</doc>
<doc id="30969959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969959" title="Gabow's algorithm">
Gabow's algorithm

Gabow's algorithm may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30969962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969962" title="Darni M Daud">
Darni M Daud

Prof. Darni M Daud (born 25 July 1961, Pidie, Indonesia) is the former rector of Syiah Kuala University (USK) in Aceh, Indonesia, the only state university in Banda Aceh. He was recently re-elected in March 2010, in recognition of his efforts to rebuild the university after the 2004 tsunami. In 2008, the "CampusAsia Magazine" named him as the 7th best education leader in Indonesia.
Biography.
Daud graduated from the University of Syiah Kuala in 1985. He studied in the University of Sydney, Australia for a diploma. Then undertook a master's degree in Inter-cultural Communications at New York University, and a Phd in Higher Education at Oregon State University. He received many scholarships such as the Fulbright Scholarship and the Indonesian Cultural Foundation scholarship.
Political career.
Daud has been involved in many organizations, and has led many important conferences and seminars across Aceh and Indonesia, such as the Pekan Kebudayaan Aceh (PKA), which is a quadrennial event to promote the culture of Nanggroe Aceh Darussalam. He has been actively involved in the reconstruction and rehabilitation of Aceh from the damage caused by the Great Asian Tsunami in 2004, and has been actively raising funds to develop the quality of education in Aceh. He is now running for governor for the 2011-2015 period.

</doc>
<doc id="30969989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30969989" title="Masamitsu Kanemoto">
Masamitsu Kanemoto

Masamitsu Kanemoto (born October 17, 1962) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="30970000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970000" title="Alfred McWaters">
Alfred McWaters

Alfred David McWaters was mayor of Toowoomba, Queensland in 1916. He was also an alderman on the Toowoomba City Council in 1914-1915 and 1918-1921. He was born in Ballarat, Victoria and worked as a grazier before moving to Toowoomba.

</doc>
<doc id="30970033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970033" title="Fred H. Nomme">
Fred H. Nomme

Fred Harald Nomme (born 21 February 1946) is a Norwegian diplomat.
He was born in Sandefjord, and studied economics at the University of Minnesota and San Francisco State College. He had a varied career outside of the diplomacy; he has worked at the University of Bergen, University of Oslo, Norwegian Shipowners' Association and as a personal secretary for Queen Sonja. From 1991 to 1994 he was a section leader in the Lillehammer Olympic Organising Committee, and during the 1994 Winter Olympics itself he was a "protocol director". Before becoming an ambassador, he also worked in the diplomacy as embassy secretary in Saudi Arabia, Morocco, France and the United States.
In 1995 he was appointed as Norway's ambassador to Nigeria. Since September 1995 he was also the ambassador to Benin, Togo, Ghana and Cameroon. Already in November 1995 he was recalled from Nigeria, after diplomatic bonds were severed after the execution of Ken Saro-Wiwa and the Ogoni Nine. He returned to Nigeria in 1996. In September 1998 Nomme moved on to become ambassador in Malaysia. From the next year he doubled as ambassador to Brunei as well. In 2005 he became a consul-general in Shanghai, PR China, and in November 2010 he became Norway's ambassador to Morocco.
In 2000 he was decorated as a Commander of the Royal Norwegian Order of Merit.

</doc>
<doc id="30970036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970036" title="Erebia callias">
Erebia callias

The Colorado Alpine ("Erebia callias") is a member of the Satyridae subfamily of Nymphalidae. It is found in alpine Wyoming and Colorado in the Rocky Mountains as well as various mountain ranges in eastern Asia.
The wingspan is 35-38 mm. The upperside is dull gray-brown with a slight luster. Two eye-spots are near the tip both above and below on the forewing. These are usually located in a red patch. The underside of the hind wing is silver-gray with very small dark markings.
The larvae probably feed on grasses and sedges.
Taxonomy.
"Erebia callias" has been lumped with the Siberian brassy ringlets as they are almost alike morphologically. Though one might suspect stronger differentiation and perhaps marked cryptic speciation across the wide range, the Rocky Mountains population is apparently a very recent isolate. Its ancestors apparently crossed over the Bering Strait at the end of the Wisconsinian glaciation, about 15.000-10.000 years ago.

</doc>
<doc id="30970061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970061" title="Ernakulam Terminus railway station">
Ernakulam Terminus railway station

Ernakulam Terminus (Station Code:ERG) is an abandoned railway station in the Indian city of Kochi. It was the first railway station in Kochi, built by the Maharaja of Kochi. Great personalities like Mahatma Gandhi and Lord Irwin Viceroy have visited Cochin through this old majestic railway station. Now it is abandoned and operates as a Goods Terminal of the Southern Railway.
History.
The station was built in 1902 by King Rama Varma of the erstwhile Kingdom of Cochin, who also established the Shoranur-Kochi railway line. The station is located behind Rammohan Palace.The location was chosen mainly because of its proximity to the Ernakulam market. The nearby boat jetty made it convenient for people to travel to West Kochi and Vypeen. The legend goes that the king had to sell 14 gold caparisons of the elephants of the Sree Poornathrayeesa Temple at Tripunithura to fund the rail line, known as the Cochin State Rail Service.Construction began in 1899 and was undertaken by the Madras railway authorities, on behalf of the Cochin state. There was also a delay in the commissioning as bridges had to be built across a few rivers on the route The king also built a special waiting room for the royal family near the station. Dignitaries arriving in Kochi passed through the buildings of the historic railway station.
Initially there were only three or four trains that plied on this route regularly. They used to stop at Chalakkudy where the steam engines were refilled with water.The Shoranur-Kochi metre gauge railway line, that was about 62 miles long, ended at the Ernakulam Terminal Station.Since there was no electricity then, the platform was lit using `petromax' lamps. Initially, there was only one track. A circular track was put up nearby to enable the engine to turn. Buses and rickshaws used to come up to the station to pick up the passengers. There was an exclusive saloon for the Maharaja that used to be attached to the train only when the Maharaja travelled. Admission to the royal, lavishly furnished waiting room was restricted to members of the royal family and VIPs.The station has facilities including parcel office, post and telegraph office, steam shed, water filling, coach maintenance etc.
The railway station was one of the busiest stations in the Kerala state.This was once the head office of Cochin State Railways and was built during the British rule.The metre gauge line was later converted to broad gauge in 1935.When the Cochin Port developed, it became imperative to extend the railway track right up to the harbour. By 1929 the present station, south of Ernakulam, came up. The track was later extended to the Harbour in 1943. Thus the old one lost its significance.Till the early sixties, the old railway station catered to passenger traffic. Then it became the Ernakulam Railway Goods Station. Till the late eighties, it was used for storage of cement. Now most of the buildings in the station premises are in a dilapidated condition. 
During the 1980s some railwaymen started a railway club or Railway Institute here, but the location was soon shifted elsewhere.
Future Plans.
There is a strong demand to reopen this Terminus now, as Ernakulam Jn. is getting saturated. Once major Mail/ Express trains are shifted to here more MEMU services can be operated from Ernakulam Town, Ernakulam Junction and Cochin Harbour Terminus stations in the city. The railways also mooted several plans for the space. Officials suggested that the station could be renovated to reduce the load on the Ernakulam Junction railway station. The old station held the potential to be developed as a hub for different modes of transport. It was also suggested that MEMU trains to Thrissur could be redirected here once the station was revived.Southern Railway has now made a plan to re-open the Terminus with 6 platforms, 4 Pit Lines and a renovated station building. The phase 1 of the proposal is estimated to be about 105 crores and is awaiting approval from Railway Board.

</doc>
<doc id="30970081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970081" title="Takuya Suzumura">
Takuya Suzumura

Takuya Suzumura (born September 13, 1978) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="30970088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970088" title="Canito">
Canito

Canito may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30970111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970111" title="Camerontown">
Camerontown

Camerontown or Cameron Town was a British Army supply depot used during the Invasion of the Waikato during the New Zealand Wars in 1863, and later a small settlement.
Location.
The depot was on the north bank of the lower Waikato River, west of Tuakau and south of Pukekohe. It was named after the British commander, Lieutenant General Duncan Cameron.
History.
During the advance into the Waikato in 1863, a supplementary line of supply was established. Supplies were taken by steamer from Onehunga to the Waikato Heads, then transported upriver in canoes by Queenite Māori to the intermediate depot at Camerontown, then to the Queen’s Redoubt at Tuakau. The use of water transport was more efficient than the overland route of fifteen miles. As it was a major British supply route the Kingite Māori decided to destroy it. A party of a hundred Ngati Maniapoto from Pukekawa launched a surprise attack on the morning of 7 September 1863. They took Camerontown, and burnt the depot and its protective pa and over forty tons of supplies. The depot was defended by 4 Europeans and 20 Ngati Whauroa. Five defenders were killed, including Mr Armitage. The British were in a canoe. 
The British troops at Tuakau were informed of the attack and sent out a detachment of 50 men. The detachment commander, Captain Swift of the 65th Regiment attacked what they thought were Kingites drunk on captured rum, but were met by a massive volley which felled both officers (Swift and Lieutenant Butler, who was disabled) and several men. The survivors beat a hasty retreat. They were hunted through the bush until nightful, but the Ngati Maniapoto Kingites did not press home their attack. 
Two British soldiers, Colour Sergeant Edward McKenna and Lance-Corporal John Ryan were awarded the Victoria Cross for their action that day, when McKenna took over command after the death of Captain Swift, and they protected his body. Sergeant Bracegirdle and four privates (Bulford, Cole, Talbot and Thomas) were awarded the Distinguished Conduct Medal.
Later the settlement was the birthplace of Harold Abbott, a rugby union footballer and member of the legendary 1905 Original All Blacks.

</doc>
<doc id="30970136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970136" title="Kjell H. Halvorsen">
Kjell H. Halvorsen

Kjell H. Halvorsen (4 May 1946 – 18 March 2006) was a Norwegian diplomat.
He graduated from the University of Oslo with a mag.art. degree (PhD equivalent) in political science in 1976, and worked at the University of Oslo from 1977 to 1983 before being hired in the Norwegian Agency for Development Cooperation in 1983 and the Ministry of Development Cooperation in 1984. He was promoted to assistant secretary, then sub-director, then deputy under-secretary of state in 1991, two years after the Ministry of Development Cooperation was incorporated into the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. From 1999 to 2003 he served as Norway's ambassador to Iceland. From 2003 to his death he served as leader of the Nordic Secretariat in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. In 2000 he was decorated as a Commander of the Royal Norwegian Order of Merit. He was married and had one daughter, and died in March 2006 in Oslo.

</doc>
<doc id="30970147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970147" title="Meganoton rubescens">
Meganoton rubescens

Meganoton rubescens is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from north-eastern India, central and northern Thailand, southern China, northern Vietnam, Malaysia, Indonesia, the Philippines, Papua New Guinea, northern Australia and the Solomon Islands.
The wingspan is about 130 mm. Adults have a light and dark fawn pattern on their wings, with a small white dot edged in black near the centre of each fore wing.
The larvae have been recorded feeding on "Annona", "Melodorum" (including "Melodorum leichhardtii"), "Kigelia" (including "Kigelia pinnata") and "Spathodea" (including "Spathodea campanulata") species. They are green with a yellow patch on the thorax, and white diagonal stripes on each segment.

</doc>
<doc id="30970148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970148" title="The Amazing Grace">
The Amazing Grace

The Amazing Grace is a 2006 Nigerian-British historical drama film written by Jeta Amata & Nick Moran, directed by Jeta Amata and produced by Jeta Amata & Alicia Arce. The film features a variety of Nigerian and British actresses and actors, some of which include Joke Silva, Nick Moran, Scott Cleverdon, Mbong Odungide, Fred Amata and Zack Amata. The film received 11 nominations and won the award for "Best Cinematography" at the African Movie Academy Awards in 2007.
Plot.
The film, occasionally narrated by Joke Silva, tells the reformation story of British slave trader John Newton (Nick Moran), sailing to what is now Nigeria to buy slaves but, increasingly shocked by the brutality of slavery, later gave up the trade and became an Anglican priest.

</doc>
<doc id="30970163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970163" title="Apinayé language">
Apinayé language

Apinayé (otherwise known as Apinagé, Apinajé) currently an endangered language is a Subject–object–verb Jê language spoken in Tocantins, Eastern Central Brazil by some 1529 speakers of Apinajé people. There are six villages that speak the Apinajé language.
Historical Events Leading to Endangerment.
During the first quarter of the nineteenth century the Apinayé had a successful economic growth fueled by extensive cattle farming and the extraction of babaù palm oil which brought an increase in migration.
Phonology.
The consonant and vowel inventory follows.
Vowels.
Just as in Mebengokre, there are underlying nasal vowels which surface independent of the nasal consonants.
Syllable structure.
Onsets.
The onset is optional in Apinayé, but when it exists it may be any consonant from the inventory. C1C2V(C)-type syllables, where C2 is a voiced [+cont] semivowel or liquid are very common. CCC onsets are always or 
Codas.
All consonants other than are permitted in the coda. Note also that the possible syllable types are identical to what we find in Mebengokre, except for those in which there are -initial complex onsets.

</doc>
<doc id="30970171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970171" title="Greater Manchester bus route 184">
Greater Manchester bus route 184

Greater Manchester bus route 184 is a frequent bus route, operated by First Greater Manchester. The service runs hourly Monday-Saturday daytime on its full route between Manchester and Huddersfield via Oldham. The service runs hourly between Manchester-Diggle via Dobcross.
The two hourly journeys are complemented by an additional one journey an hour between Uppermill and Manchester and four an hour between Grotton and Manchester. Combined with its sister service, the 180, which runs between Greenfield and Manchester, there are 8 buses an hour with a bus running every 6–9 minutes between Grotton and Manchester. During evenings, the 184 runs an hourly service between Uppermill and Manchester and during the day on Sundays, the service runs its full route every two hours. Some journeys run between Uppermill and Manchester and the remaining run between Oldham Mumps and Manchester only 
History.
The service started as the 14 on 15 May 1929, running between Uppermill and Manchester and was operated by Oldham, Manchester and North Western. A couple of months later, the 13 (later re-numbered 183) was introduced running between Uppermill and Manchester via Delph, with journeys running as a 13 changing into a 14 at Uppermill and vice-versa. Over the years, the service did not go through many changes to the service, with its only changes being the terminus in Manchester, using Lower Mosley Street, Parker Street, Chorlton Street and Piccadilly Gardens, and the name of the operator, which changed from North Western to SELNEC (during which was re-numbered to 184), and then to Greater Manchester Transport and to Greater Manchester Buses.
Following bus deregulation in Great Britain on 26 October 1986, the route was taken over by GM Buses. On 31 December 1993, GM Buses was split into two, GM Buses North and GM South Buses, the former of which became the main operator of the 184 route.
In March 1996, GM Buses North was bought by First Group and was originally renamed Greater Manchester Firstbus before eventually changing its name to First Greater Manchester. In 2001, the service was extended from Uppermill to Diggle via Dobcross, replacing the 427, which was an all-stopping equivalent to the 184. The extension saw the end of the workings with the 183, which was extended to Greenfield to compensate for the loss.
In October 2004, the 184 underwent its biggest change, changing from an hourly express service, to an all-stopping service, running four buses an hour between Uppermill and Manchester, with one bus an hour extending to Diggle via Dobcross, while one bus an hour extended to Huddersfield via Marsden, replacing the West Yorkshire service 365. Due to the length of the route, First Greater Manchester would jointly run the Huddersfield service with First West Yorkshire, alternating between the two operators every two hours (First Greater Manchester ran the first two journeys to Huddersfield, First West Yorkshire ran the first two journeys from Huddersfield).
The Huddersfield route ran slightly differently from the 365 route, as the 184 ran into Diggle village instead of by-passing it via Standedge Road and also originally diverted via Hard End in Marsden. The Hard End diversion stayed in place until January 2005. A Sunday service to Huddersfield was introduced in April 2006, replacing Speedwellbus's 365 Sunday service. This meant in an 18 month period, the Huddersfield-Oldham route had changed from the 365 to the 184.
The 184 timetable underwent a major change in October 2012, which resulted in the end of the shared operation of the Huddersfield route between First Greater Manchester and First West Yorkshire on its eighth anniversary of its cross-county service. As a result, First introduced additional morning journeys towards Huddersfield and later afternoon/early evening journeys from Huddersfield to keep the main timetable in place. The additional frequency of services between Grotton and Manchester came as a result of a boost to the bus service in general as it felt that the original timetable of six buses an hour between Grotton and Manchester (combined with two 180 journeys) was too infrequent and was poorly managed in terms of timekeeping. It became appropriate to introduce the increase in services because the densely populated settlements of Clarksfield, Lees, Springhead and Grotton were receiving a poor service on the 180/184 especially compared to other services in the area which are heavily frequent such as the 83 serving Watersheddings, Moorside and Sholver. The altered timetable now means a total of seven 184's an hour serve Grotton, with four buses terminating at Grotton. 
Other timetable changes saw a reduction of buses running to Uppermill and Greenfield on its sister service 180. Another change originally planned was to reduce the number of buses per hour to Diggle by terminating one of the buses at nearby Dobcross, leaving Diggle to be served by the Huddersfield journeys. This decision was later reversed and the planned change was not implemented after local residents felt the changes would mean the services are too infrequent (especially the fact there would only be two buses an hour from Uppermill). 
However, the reduction of service in Saddleworth was met by criticisms by local residents and councillors, who felt it was encourage more people to use the car instead of buses and would disrupts links between bus and train at Greenfield railway station.
Route.
Uppermill-Manchester.
The service begins near to Piccadilly Gardens on Oldham Street. From here, it runs out along the A62, travelling through Newton Heath, Failsworth and Hollinwood. The service then turns off the A62 onto Hollins Road into Oldham town centre before continuing via Lees, Grotton, Grasscroft into Uppermill terminating outside the Commercial Hotel and using the nearby turning circle to return to Manchester.
Diggle-Manchester.
Services that terminate at Diggle follow the same route to Uppermill before running via the village of Dobcross and into Diggle via Huddersfield Road, before terminating at the old railway station, using the turning circle to return to Manchester.
Huddersfield-Manchester.
Services to Huddersfield follow the same route to Uppermill before running a different route to Diggle than the terminating services in Diggle, by running via Wool Road and through Diggle before returning onto the A62 into West Yorkshire via Marsden, Slaithwaite and Cowlersley before terminating in Huddersfield at the bus station. The service runs hourly Monday-Saturday daytime and every two hours Sunday daytime.
Vehicles.
The main type of vehicle used on First Greater Manchester journeys on service 184 are Enviro400s, which were acquired in 2012 and originally used for shuttle services at the London 2012 Olympics. They entered service on the 180/184 in September 2012 with some of the buses being branded for the 180/184. 
Volvo B9TL's, which were acquired in summer 2008, were previously the regular bus vehicle used on the route and its sister service, the 180 and sometimes may be used in place of the Enviro. The other alternative vehicle used by First Greater Manchester on the route is Volvo B7RLE's, which were the previous prominent vehicle on the route and also had route branding.
In the latter years of First West Yorkshire's time on the service, B9TL's were also used on their workings of the 184, as two buses were obtained from First Greater Manchester to be primarily used on the 184, so that double deckers are used on all journeys, when possible. When either of both of the B9TL's are not available, then Volvo B7TL's were used on the route instead. Previously, Volvo B7RLEs, Volvo Olympians and Dennis Lances were used by First West Yorkshire on the 184.

</doc>
<doc id="30970179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970179" title="Voriini">
Voriini

Voriini is a tribe of flies in the family Tachinidae. More junior homonyms exist of "Wagneria" than any other animal genus name.

</doc>
<doc id="30970189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970189" title="Leidulv Namtvedt">
Leidulv Namtvedt

Leidulv Namtvedt (born 1 October 1950) is a Norwegian diplomat.
He is a cand.mag. by education. He started working for the Norwegian Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1976, and served as embassy counsellor in Russia from 1991 to 1995. He returned to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1996 and served as deputy under-secretary of state from 1999 to 2006. Newspaper "Dagens Næringsliv" described it as "one of the most powerful and influential positions a person can hold in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs". From 2007 he is the Norwegian ambassador to Finland. In 2009 he unsuccessfully applied for the position as Norwegian ambassador to the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="30970192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970192" title="Atsuo Watanabe">
Atsuo Watanabe

Atsuo Watanabe (born April 15, 1974) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="30970195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970195" title="List of The Movie Show on ITV2 episodes">
List of The Movie Show on ITV2 episodes

This is a list of "The Movie Show on ITV2" episodes.

</doc>
<doc id="30970196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970196" title="ISIRI 7558">
ISIRI 7558

ISIRI 7558 is a standard published by the Institute of Standards and Industrial Research of Iran (ISIRI) in 2005 based on Directive 92/61/EEC and Directive 2002/24/EC. It defines the type approval of two or three-wheel motor vehicles.

</doc>
<doc id="30970207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970207" title="100th Anniversary of the Republic of China">
100th Anniversary of the Republic of China

The 100th anniversary of the founding of the Republic of China began on 10 October 2011 on the 100th anniversary of the Xinhai Revolution. It was celebrated in Taiwan and mainland China, but the connotation and significance of the celebration varied by region.
Background.
On 10 October 1911, the Wuchang Uprising was launched as part of the Xinhai Revolution to overthrow the Manchu Qing, the last imperial dynasty in China. This ended over 2,000 years of monarchy. Since the establishment of the Republic of China in 1912, the revolution has been celebrated on Double Ten Day. After the Chinese Civil War, the Nationalists Kuomintang relocated to Taiwan and the Communist Party of China established the People's Republic of China in 1949 on the mainland. In the PRC, 10 October is not formally considered the National Day, as it usually celebrates its own national day on 1 October.
Celebration.
Taiwan.
On New Year's Eve of 2011, a large celebration took place at Keelung River. About 850,000 people celebrated at Xinyi District including NT$60 million worth of fireworks.
The Double Ten day official ceremony began in the morning of October 10, 2011 where a flag raising ceremony was held. Subsequent activities were followed including a military parade involving more than 1,000 military personnel, 71 aircraft and 168 vehicles. The personnel number is however much smaller than celebrations in the past. The slogan of the ceremony is "Republic of China, Splendid 100" (中華民國，精彩一百).
President Ma Ying-jeou made a National Day address to the nation. He urged Beijing to pursue democracy and "face the existence of the Republic of China". Over 50 delegations and 1,500 distinguished guests representing ROC's diplomatic allies visited Taiwan during the celebration. Many notables including US Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld, Japanese Prime Minister Taro Aso and Lithuanian President Valdas Adamkus were in attendance. Japan sent a delegation with record setting numbers.
There were also 5634 people who reportedly married exactly on the 100th anniversary of the Xinhai Revolution, at 10 minutes to 10 am on 10 October. This is double 2010 and 18 times more than the average day.
Mainland.
The 100th anniversary ceremony was held at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing. The event was attended by all nine members of the Politburo Standing Committee of the CPC Central Committee. The event was attended by Party General Secretary Hu Jintao as well as former leader Jiang Zemin. Hu gave a 20 minute speech that emphasized Chinese reunification. The ceremony then lasted 40 minutes featuring a giant portrait of Sun Yat-sen supported by 10 PRC flags.
In Wuhan the government officials spent 43 million yuan in restoring three 1911 heritage sites, but they were careful in not letting the celebration outshine the 90th anniversary of the Chinese Communist Party that took place in July. In addition, from August 27 to October 10, Wuhan's security forces were supported with thousands of officers including 100 paramilitary police and 200 special police armed with submachine guns on street duty with 250,000 surveillance cameras. The celebration is referred to as "100th anniversary of Xinhai Revolution". Since January 2011 Guangzhou held its own celebrations to commemorate the Guangzhou uprisings. At the Guangdong Museum of Revolutionary History separate celebrations were held in October 2011. In the PRC, the event is generally not referred to as the "100th anniversary of the Republic of China", but as the "100th anniversary of Xinhai Revolution".
Culture.
In 2010, one of the main anniversary events was to make a film on the life of Sun Yat-sen shot in places where he lived and worked, including Britain, Singapore, Japan and Hawaii. The government provided NT$20 million for the film. Movies such as 1911 were also made for the 100th anniversary. The discovery channel and the Taiwan government also aligned for a three part special show. In Macau a tour of Dr. Sun's revolutionary trail was launched for the 100th anniversary. Hong Kong Post also launched Centenary Xinhai Revolution stamps.
Additional responses.
Taiwan green-camp and aboriginal responses.
Keynotes made by Hu Jintao were interpreted by members of the Taiwan independence movement as exploiting the image of Sun Yat-sen to intensify measures against the movement. Taiwan aboriginal rights activists of the Sediq National Assembly who represent the Atayal people announced a headhunt against the ROC government. The headhunts usually get rid of evil spirits. The activists compared the ROC government to the Japanese colonial government that preceded it which took their people's land and resources. The Indigeonous People's Coalition said there is nothing to celebrate as the aboriginals have suffered under the government. They performed their own mgaya ceremony. Some have said the ROC government is a "Chinese government in exile" and should be out of Taiwan. But Pan-green DPP candidate Tsai Ing-wen famously said "The ROC is Taiwan, Taiwan is the ROC" for the first time in her career.
Bans and censorships.
In April 2011 an inter-university debate related to Sun Yat-sen was supposed to be hosted by the Beijing Institute of Technology. But it was banned by the University's Communist Youth League. The Dr. Sun opera about a love story between Soong Ching-ling and Sun was supposed to have a world premiere at the National Centre for Performing Arts in Beijing on September 30. It was canceled for "logistics reasons".
Controversy.
Principles.
There have been criticism that the PRC need to spend more money on its poor, sick and elderly instead on the anniversary celebration. Activist Wang Dan criticized the PRC government's celebration of democracy to be ironic.
Song issues.
During the PRC ceremony in the Great Hall of the People, only the national anthem of the People's Republic of China was played. A similar case occurred in Hong Kong during TVB's "Variety show Commemorating the Centenary of the 1911 Revolution" (百年辛亥 中華總商會111週年文藝匯演), where the PRC national anthem was played in lieu of the ROC anthem.
In ROC, for the preparation of the anniversary, new songs were made and chosen to commemorate the founding of the ROC. One of the requirements was that the composer be an ROC citizen. But according to legislator Chen Ting-fei (陳亭妃) the songs available for voting may not have been from ROC citizens as the evaluation was sloppy.
Slogan issues.
The original slogan for the Pan-Blue camp was "Republic of China, Founded 100 Years" (中華民國，建國一百), but was later changed to "Republic of China, Splendid 100" (中華民國，精彩一百). The words meaning "building country" (建國) were replaced with "splendid" (精彩).
No Republic of China issue.
In 2009, amid planning for the celebrations, Beijing suggested that the PRC and ROC hold joint centennial celebrations. However, Beijing required the term "Republic of China" not be used. President Ma Ying-jeou rejected the idea.

</doc>
<doc id="30970215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970215" title="Ramonda (fly)">
Ramonda (fly)

Ramonda is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.

</doc>
<doc id="30970233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970233" title="List of football clubs in Martinique">
List of football clubs in Martinique


</doc>
<doc id="30970236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970236" title="Fernando Egozcue">
Fernando Egozcue

Fernando Egozcue (Buenos Aires, 1959) is an Argentinian guitarist and composer.
Biography.
Fernando Pablo Egozcue Folgueras was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina, on June 23, 1959. Son of Carlos María Egozcue and Beatriz Folgueras, a lawyer and French teacher respectively, he briefly starts his studies on guitar; with just 5 years assists to the lessons of the teacher Blanca de Solari, in this neighborhood of Nuñez, under her mother’s keep eye, mainstay on his education. During these first years he combined music and school until, at the age of 13, he and his friends in Nuñez starts to discover the pleasure of improvising, spending the afternoons of his early adolescence creating musical atmospheres in a group; this definitely defined him as musician from a very younger age.
At the age of 12 he starts a medium degree in Music at the Music Municipal Conservatory of Buenos Aires, where he studies Harmony with the well-known Argentinean composer Carlos Gustavino. He finishes his studies in the Music National Conservatory of Buenos Aires, obtaining in 1979 the title of National Teacher of Music, specialty in Guitar, under the professorship of Horacio Ceballos.
Over two consecutive years, 1978 and 1979, he obtained the prestigious scholarship of the Government of Brazil to participate in the X and XI International Guitar Seminar in the city of Porto Alegre where he had the opportunity to study Guitar with Abel Carlevaro, Álvaro Pierri, Miguel Ángel Girolet and Contemporary Music with the composer Francis Schwartz.
During his adolescence, he studies Composition with Luis María Corallini and Guitar with Nelly Menotti. Later on he learns Counterpoint and Composition with Guillermo Graetzer, disciple of Paul Hindemith as well as Jazz with Greg Hopking, teacher of the Berklee College of Music of Boston (one of the most prestigious music schools in the world) in Buenos Aires, and yet in 1983 he made his recording debut with his own composition, “Música de la ciudad de Buenos Aires” (Music of the city of Buenos Aires).
In 1992 he moved to Spain, where he lives currently. There he continued his musical studies, obtaining in 1996 the Superior Title of Guitar in the Music Superior Conservatory of San Lorenzo del Escorial (Madrid).
Egozcue’s work includes compositions for solo guitar as well as for quartet, quintet and septet groups mainly. He has also composed for big orchestras; for example, his piece “Concert for guitar and string orchestra” interpreted by the Chamber Orchestra Andrés Segovia under the direction of José Luis Novo, first performed in 2003 in the National Auditory of Music of Madrid. On 21 June 2011, an ambitious project was first played by the Asturias Symphony Orchestra at the Príncipe Felipe Congress Hall-Auditorium in Oviedo, with Egozcue himself on the guitar, the "bandoneonista" Omar Massa, the tenor José Manuel Zapata and the "cantaora flamenca" Rocío Márquez, under the direction of Joan Albert Amargós: the orchestration of his own traditional tango arrangements as well as other compositions.
In addition to his activity as a composer, Egozcue has participated in the academic field. From 1997 to 2003 he was a music teacher and director of the Music Municipal School of Coslada (Madrid). He has also been panel judge in the XVIII Contest on Spanish Dance Choreography and Flamenco celebrated at the Canal Theatre of Madrid in 2009.
As his journey has unfolded, he has received numerous appreciations and prizes. Yet in 1979 he was awarded first prize in the Guitar National Contest of San Lorenzo in Argentina. He was also elected finalist at the XII Music Awards in 2008, granted by the Spanish Music Academy, in the category of “Best Player of Classical Music” with the violinist Ara Malikian for their record Lejos. And in 2010 he was finalist at the XIII Max Awards of the Scenic Arts, granted by the Spanish General Society of Authors and Editors ("Sociedad General de Autores y Editores" – SGAE-) and the Author Foundation ("Fundación Autor"), in the category of “Best music composition for scenic performance” for his original score for the performance Jazzing Flamenco.
Egozcue mainly performs live concerts of his own compositions and his different groups and performances have been presented in the best theatres and festivals all over the world. In Spain he has played in the Liceo Theatre of Barceona, the Palau de las Artes of Valencia, Albeniz Theatre of Madrid, Royal Theatre of Madrid, National Auditory of Music of Madrid, "Patio de Conde Duque" of Madrid (under the cycles “Summers of Villa”) and Debod Temple. Abroad, he has showcased his music on five continents, taking part in the festivals Wexford Festival Opera (Ireland), Columbia Festival in Maryland (United States), Quebec Summer Festival (United States), Is Sanat Festival en Istanbul (Turkey), International Jazz Festival of Montreal (Canada), National Arts Center in Ottawa (Canada), Memorial Auditorium Standford University in California (United States), Opernhaus Düsseldorf (Germany) and Al Bustal Festival in Beirut (Lebanon). And he has toured Argentina, Colombia, Mexico, United States, Canada, Spain, France, Italy, Germany, Switzerland, Norway, Ireland, Monaco, Romania, Greece, Turkey, Bahrain, Cyprus, Oman, Reunion Island and Jordan.
Fernando Egozcue has combined his classical education with the jazz influences and the contemporary music, becoming the author of an own and exclusive music gender which has consolidated him as a reputed composer and performer. Currently he is focused on his own projects and on collaborations with other relevant musicians.
Groups.
He starts his career as a performer in 1979, creating the duo Moldavsky-Egozcue with the guitarist Sergio Moldavsky, playing countless concerts around his native Argentina. Alongside he creates the group Nuevos Aires in which he was the composer and guitarist until 1991. It was not by chance that the maestro Astor Piazzolla gifted to this group his unedited composition “500 Motivaciones”; this score was first performed by Nuevos Aires that year in the San Martín Theatre in Buenos Aires, for Piazzolla’s awarding as “Distinguished Citizen”.
In 1992 he moves to Spain, where he creates one of his major projects, the septet Ensemble Nuevo Tango (ENT) achieving many successes. It is in 1998 when he meets the violinist Ara Malikian and they start playing in ENT. This collaboration will end with the creation of the Ara Malikian / Fernando Egozcue Quintet, in which Egozcue is currently the composer and guitarist. Their last project (With closed eyes…) played by Moisés P. Sánchez (piano), Miguel Rodrigáñez (double bass), Martin Bruhn (drums), Ara Malikian (violin) and Egozcue himself on the guitar, is achieving excellent reviews wherever they present it.
In 2011 he begins a new musical project including the bandoneon -typical instrument from Argentina- in his group, and recording as a Quintet the CD "Dale" with the argentinian bandoneonist Matías Rubino, Miguel Rodrigáñez (double bass), Martin Bruhn (drums) and Juan Pérez de Albéniz (violoncelo). Project to be presented during 2012.
He is also an outstanding soloist. He has made two records “Tango en silencio” (Tango in silence) and “Solo” (Alone), his last project as soloist until now. Yet in the 80s he collaborated as soloist with the chamber orchestra “Los Solistas de Buenos Aires” (The Soloist of Buenos Aires), directed by Arberto Epelbaum and in 1996 he was the soloist of the performance “Poemas de García Lorca” with the actress Carmen de la Maza. His activity as soloist has not finished and in 2005 he collaborated with the cords quintet Sartory Camara, directed by Víctor Ambroa.
Lastly, Fernando Egozcue has been the arranger and musical director of the music of several performances in which his music is played live; among others, the performance of the Nuevo Ballet Español “Alma” or “Mano a mano” with the tenor José Manuel Zapata and the singer Pasión Vega, first performed in the Royal Theatre of Madrid to critical acclaim. The record of this latter performance was edited in 2010 under the name “Tango y Lágrimas” and with the contribution of the “cantaores” Miguel Poveda y José Mercé.
In addition, in 2009 he was the arranger of the Suite Iberia of Isaac Albéniz, for group of chamber. This was for the dance piece “Subiendo al Sur/Albéniz” by the Dance Company Ibérica de Danza, directed by Manuel Segovia (Dance National Award of 2001) and choreographed by Carlos Chamorro. This year he was also the arranger and musical director of the performance “Tango y Lágrimas”, with the tenor José Manuel Zapata, the “cantaor flamenco” José Mercé and the singer Marta Sánchez, first played in November in the Liceo Theatre of Barcelona.
Discography.
Currently, he has eleven edited records as composer and guitarist:
With the group Nuevos Aires:
As soloist:
With the Ensamble Nuevo Tango:
With Fernando Egozcue / Ara Malikian Quintet:
Original soundtracks:
He has composed the cinematic soundtrack of the movie “The Lost Steps” of Manane Rodríguez (2001) and has also contributed as guitarist in the recording of the soundtracks of the following movies: Eduardo Mignona's “Flop” (1990) with the tango singer Adriana Varela, Pedro Almodóvar's “All about my mother” (1999), José Luis Cuerda's “Butterfly Tongues” (1999) and Miguel Albaladejo's “Manolito Gafotas” (1999), among others.
He has also composed the music of the following theatrical performances: “Pavlovsky with Nuevos Aires”, Ángel Pavlovsky (1986); “Life and death of Pier Paolo Pasolini”, Michel Azama, directed by Roberto Cerdá (2003); “No Man’s land”, Danis Tanovic, directed by Roberto Cerdá (2004); “Lágrimas de cera”, Roberto Cerdá (2004) and “Pared”, Itziar Pascual, directed by Roberto Cerdá (2006). 
In addition, Egozcue is the composer of the music of several dance performances, where his groups play live. This is the case with “Tango Flamenco” by Dance Company Antonio Najarro, current Director of the Spanish National Ballet whose music was interpreted by the Ensamble Nuevo Tango. Also, the performance “Jazzing Flamenco” of the same company, whose music is today interpreted by the Fernando Egozcue Quintet.
Regarding his works as composer, it is worth mentioning the creation of the music for the performance of the following resident dance companies of the Community of Madrid: María Pagés, Ibérica de Danza, Antonio Márquez, Nuevo Ballet Español and Larumbe Danza. It was performed in the presentation of the theatric season of the Community of Madrid in the Nuevo Alcalá Theatre.
Lastly, his music has also been used elsewhere. His composition Lejos was choreographed by the Dance Company Larumbe-Danza for the dance piece “Azul” and by the Dance Company La Truco for the dance piece “Remembranzas”; the same dance piece also used the composition Tango en silencio. On a different note, his successful composition Viejos Aires was choreographed in the Spanish TV series “Un Paso Adelante”, and by the dancer Rafael Amargo at the Innocents’ Ceremony on the Spanish TV channel Telecinco and for his dance piece “A tres bandas”; Viejos Aires has also been used by the United States Figure Skating Champion 2009 and 2010, Jeremy Abbott, for his exhibitions and contests. Likewise with Carne Cruda, this was choreographed in 2007 by World Figure Skating Champion in 2005 and 2006 Stephane Lambiel. In 2009 his composition Agua y Vino was first performed in the National Auditory of Music of Madrid by the violinist Ara Malikian and the pianist Daniel del Pino; this composition is included in the record “Minds” of these two artists. In 2010 his compositions Viejos Aires and Brasil Sacrificado have been choreographed by the Dance Company Carmen Mota. And the Spanish gymnast Carolina Rodríguez used the composition "Lejos" for her final competition at rhythmic gymnastics at London Olympics 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="30970243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970243" title="Hong Kong local elections, 2011">
Hong Kong local elections, 2011

The 2011 Hong Kong District Council elections were held on 6 November 2011. Elections were held to all 18 District Councils of Hong Kong, returning 412 members from directly elected constituencies, each selecting a council member. Pro-Beijing camps won the most seats from this election.
Background.
The Pro-democracy camp in Hong Kong has been urging for universal suffrage for decades. In 2005, a constitutional reform package was carried out by Donald Tsang, the Chief Executive. However, it was voted down by the pan-democrats as it did not state a clear timetable or road map to achieve an ultimate universal suffrage.
On 29 December 2007, the NPCSC (China's Standing Committee of the National People's Congress) announced that the Chief Executive and all members of Legislative Council may be selected by universal suffrage in 2017 and 2020 respectively. The statement by Beijing was unclear and it implied the term "universal suffrage" may be defined by the Central Government.
Afterward, Donald Tsang carried out another reform package in 2009. While the Civic Party and the League of Social Democrats councilors resigned from Legislative Council in order to launch a "de facto" referendum against the package and urging for real universal suffrage, their ally, the Democratic Party went for negotiation with the mainland officials and carried out a revised proposal. On 24–25 June 2010, the revised package was passed through the Legislative Council. It brought out a major split within the pan-democracy camp. A new radical party, People Power led by Raymond Wong and Albert Chan was announced to punish those who betrayal the cause of democracy. The People Power sent total number of 62 candidates into the election, most of them chose to contest with the Democratic Party and ADPL candidates.
According to the new reform package, general public are allowed to elect district council members into LegCo from the new five-seat district council functional constituency following their nomination within the councillors in the 2012 election. District councils election thus become a new battlefield for the new five seats of LegCo in which many heavyweights chose to run for a seat for the super seats of LegCo including Chan Yuen-han, Ronny Tong and Lee Cheuk-yan.
Results.
A post-handover record of 1.2 million voters cast their ballots. The pro-Beijing DAB secured the most seats. Albert Ho held his seat, but many other pro-democracy camp heavyweights lost their seat including Tanya Chan, Ronny Tong and Lee Cheuk-yan. Democratic Party vice chairman Sin Chung-kai admitted that this was "a warning to the pro-democracy camp".
Controversy.
Political donations.
Just one month before the election in October 2011, a leaked document revealed that Jimmy Lai, media mogul of "Apple Daily" has long been donating money to many supporters of democracy groups. For example the Democratic Party received HK$13,690,000 from 2006 to 2010. While the Civic Party received HK$14,566,500 for the same period. Democracy supporter Catholic Cardinal Joseph Zen was also seen receiving more than HK$20 million, and the radical League of Social Democrats received HK$1 million last year. Former chief secretary Anson Chan received HK$1.3 million from 2007 to 2009. According to Sina.com Lai was said to have donated about $10 million to democracy camp groups in a 5 year span. The Wall Street Journal saw this as part of "a fresh campaign to accuse pro-democracy politicians of being stooges of foreign powers".
Since 2009–2010 the top four political parties received a total of $70 million in donations. Pro-establishment political groups are known to receive handsome political donations from many prominent Hong Kong businessmen. Out of that sum more than half ($48,370,000) went to the DAB. This amount was also 2.5 times more than the next pro-Beijing camp, Liberal Party as well as 7 times more than the sum received from pro-democracy camp groups like Civic Party and Democratic party. The DAB received eight times the amount as the Democratic Party in 2009-10. 
However there is a serious shortage of people donating to the democracy camp parties. Other than Lai, there seems to be nobody else in HK donating to the democracy camps any more. According to Emily Lau, first there is definitely a question of transparency with regards to who is donating money. There is also the issue of revealing donors. The "WSJ" believed that the taboo on discussing the activities of the Communist Party of China implies the Hong Kong government will never pass a law governing political parties. It added: "As a result, donor transparency will never be mandated." The Communist Party of China bans and punishes people once they know who is donating to democracy camps. In this election, the well-financed pro-Beijing parties swept the polls.
Foreign domestic workers right of abode issues.
Right of abode for foreign domestic workers in HK became an election issue as the Civic Party was closely identified with the legal advisers who represented one such Filipina. The court case Vallejos v. Commissioner of Registration was one of the primary case in 2011. Pro-Beijing DAB argued that 125,000 workers were eligible, and would cause unemployment in Hong Kong to rise from 3.5% to between 7 and 10%. The Pan-Democrats, particularly the Civic Party, were disadvantaged by this as many HK residents fear granting Filipinos permanent residency will affect them.
Ballot-rigging.
Following the election, pan-democrats complained of irregularities in voter registration records, and a number of candidates who lost in marginal seats made allegations of electoral fraud to the police. The government was criticised for failing to address the issue back in 2006 after alleged instances where multiple voters had registered under a same address surfaced. In defence, Chief Secretary Stephen Lam said that the matter was "investigated thoroughly five years ago", and that "no evidence of vote rigging were found". The police received 16 such complaints in 2011.
Among the irregularities alleged was that almost 100 voters in Central used registered offices and hotels as their home addresses. Democratic Party candidate, Winfield Chong, who lost by 24 votes, said six buildings in the Sai Wan constituency used by approximately 120 voters to register were either being demolished or had been demolished; Yeung Sui-yin, who lost the Belcher seat by 33 votes, filed a complaint with the police, also alleging ballot rigging.
ADPL candidate Lam Kin-man, who lost King's Park constituency by two votes, took up his complaint with the ICAC. Lam alleged that, for example, five registered voters at one flat in the constituency where he was candidate all had different surnames; none of the voters registered at seven flats were present or past owners. two units said to have been used for storage purposes each had 10 registered voters. Following up on the allegations, the ICAC mounted "Operation Wave Spray", according to which 22 suspects were found to have "provided false information about their residential addresses to election officers"; six of them were charged.

</doc>
<doc id="30970246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970246" title="Football in Mayotte">
Football in Mayotte

The sport of football in the country of Mayotte is run by the Ligue de Football de Mayotte. The association administers the national football team, as well as the Mayotte Division Honneur.

</doc>
<doc id="30970256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970256" title="Romeu Beltrão">
Romeu Beltrão

Romeu Beltrão (1913–1977), was a Brazilian physician, educator, historian and paleontologist. He was born and died in Santa Maria, Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil.
Biography.
In 1920, at the age of seven, Beltrão entered the gymnasium (secondary school) at the College of Santa Maria. At fifteen, went to study at the Medical School of Porto Alegre. After graduating in medicine in December 1934, he returned home to Santa Maria. But by February 1935, he had moved to São Pedro do Sul, to practice medicine. While there he courted and married his wife, Nilza Niederauer Alvares, as well as writing opinion pieces for the local newspaper. But he missed the intellectual and cultural life of Santa Maria, so in 1937 he again returned home, where he devoted himself to medicine and teaching. In 1938 he became a Professor of Pharmaceutical Botany at the Universidade Federal de Santa Maria. 
Beltrão was strongly influenced by Llewellyn Ivor Price, and he undertook an intense survey of the paleontological finds from in and around Santa Maria. By 1951, he himself was actively engaged in paleontological excavations in the region. And in 1958, he published the book "Cronologia Histórica de Santa Maria e do extinto município de São Martinho" which included the history of paleontology in the Paleorrota area from 1787 to 1930. He abandoned his planned second volume which would have brought the history up to about 1960, and instead published his translation of Friedrich von Huene's paleontological work about Santa Maria, as well as a biography of Colonel João Niederauer Sobrinho (1827–1868) a hero of the Paraguayan War. He continued to write for the local newspaper and compiled a geographical dictionary of the Santa Maria municipality, which was never published.
Honors.
A residential street in Canoas was named "Rua Romeu Beltrão" in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="30970257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970257" title="List of football clubs in Mayotte">
List of football clubs in Mayotte

The following is an incomplete list of association football clubs based on the island of Mayotte.
"For a complete list see :Category:Football clubs in Mayotte"

</doc>
<doc id="30970265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970265" title="Antony Moynihan, 3rd Baron Moynihan">
Antony Moynihan, 3rd Baron Moynihan

Antony Patrick Andrew Cairne Berkeley Moynihan, 3rd Baron Moynihan (1936–1991) was an English hereditary peer.
Biography.
Moynihan was born on 2 February 1936 to Patrick Moynihan and his wife Irene Helen Candy. Patrick Moynihan later that year became the 2nd Baron Moynihan. Patrick's father Berkeley Moynihan had been made a peer for his services to medicine in 1929. His mother was the daughter of Cairnes Candy, an Englishman who had emigrated to Western Australia. After attending Stowe School, Moynihan served in the Coldstream Guards.
In 1955 Moynihan married Ann Herbert, an actress and model. After a domestic dispute and an affair on Moynihan's part, he left for Australia where he intended working on his uncle's sheep farm. Less than a week after arriving at the farm he had left for Sydney where he found work playing the banjo in a nightclub. In Sydney he met Shirin Berry a Malaysian who danced under the name Princess Amina. Returning to England in 1957 he reconciled with Ann, however this was short-lived. He married Shirin in 1958 after converting to Islam. He was soon on the move again, leaving for Ibiza with his wife. After the collapse of his nightclub business he returned to England.
In Tokyo in 1960 he challenged Al Ricketts, an American journalist, to a duel after he criticised Shirin's dancing. Moynihan defeated Rickets in the unusual duel that involved the two combatants attacking each other with their buttocks. In 1961 he and his wife converted to the Bahá'í Faith. At this time, Moynihan worked as a driver for Peter Rachman. After the death of his father in 1965 he became the 3rd Baron Moynihan, taking a seat in the House of Lords. In the Lords he took the Liberal Whip.
In 1970 after facing a series of fraud charges he left England for Spain, later moving to the Philippines. In the Philippines he operated a brothel and was linked to the drug trade. In 1980 he was named by the Woodward Royal Commission in Australia as an associate of a prominent Australian drug trafficking group operating between Manila and Sydney.
During the late 1980s Moynihan worked as an informant for the United States Drug Enforcement Administration, for which he was given immunity from prosecution. His testimony led to the conviction of Howard Marks, a Welsh drug smuggler. "He's a first-class bastard", Marks said.
Death and legacy.
After dying in 1991 the Barony was declared dormant. In 1997 the House of Lords declared that Moynihan's half-brother was rightful heir, finding against two other claimants.

</doc>
<doc id="30970267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970267" title="Meganoton nyctiphanes">
Meganoton nyctiphanes

Meganoton nyctiphanes is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Sri Lanka, India, Bangladesh, Myanmar, the Nicobar Islands, the Andaman Islands, south-eastern China, Thailand, Vietnam, Malaysia, Indonesia (Sumatra) and the Philippines (Palawan).
The wingspan is 120-140 mm. It is variable in size and forewing upperside ground colour (when paler the lines appear more prominent). There is a pale band on the hindwing upperside which is slightly variable in position.
The larvae have been recorded feeding on "Symphorema involucratum" in Thailand.

</doc>
<doc id="30970272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970272" title="Gaziantepspor A2">
Gaziantepspor A2

Gaziantepspor A2 is the under-20 squad of Gaziantepspor They play in the Turkish A2 league, along with fellow A2 teams from other clubs

</doc>
<doc id="30970275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970275" title="No small subgroup">
No small subgroup

In mathematics, especially in topology, a topological group "G" is said to have no small subgroup if there exists a neighborhood "U" of the identity that contains no nontrivial subgroup of "G". An abbreviation '"NSS"' is sometimes used. A basic example of a topological group with no small subgroup is the general linear group over the complex numbers.
A locally compact, separable metric, locally connected group with no small subgroup is a Lie group. (cf. Hilbert's fifth problem.)

</doc>
<doc id="30970276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970276" title="Kenji Ito (footballer)">
Kenji Ito (footballer)

Kenji Ito (born June 29, 1976) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="30970278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970278" title="Hans Diedrich Henatsch">
Hans Diedrich Henatsch

Hans Diedrich Henatsch served as the Head of the Department of Neurophysiology of the Medical School of the Georg-August-Universität Göttingen from the early sixties to the mid nineties.
He was a long-standing friend and colleague of Ragnar Granit and John Eccles. He became known in the sixties for recordings from spinal cord cells in anesthetized cats and his research in spinal cord physiology and spasticity.
On June 5 (Henatsch's birthday) 1997, after his death, Prof. Diethelm Richter (Henatsch's successor) organized a little memorial in the institute, on which occasion Eike Schomburg gave the laudatio.

</doc>
<doc id="30970283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970283" title="United Sikkim F.C.">
United Sikkim F.C.

United Sikkim Football Club is an Indian I-League football club based in Gangtok, Sikkim. The club, which was founded in 2008, is the only club from Sikkim to play in the I-League and the second club from North East India. The club which is co-owned by Dubai based Fidelis World, former India football captain Baichung Bhutia, and Indian music singer Shankar Mahadevan, was founded in order to give the people of the Indian state of Sikkim a team.
History.
Foundation.
The club was originally founded in 2008 by the Sikkim Football Association and Baichung Bhutia and would compete in the Sikkim Gold Cup and other All-India tournaments for the early years of their existence. Then on 22 March 2011 the club was officially launched as a professional club which would be co-owned by Dubai based Fidelis World, former India football captain Baichung Bhutia, and Indian music singer Shankar Mahadevan. The club then revealed that they would compete in the 2011 I-League 2nd Division in the quest for promotion to the I-League within the next three years.
2011–2012: 2nd Division seasons.
The club started their quest for the I-League on 27 February 2011 when the signed Liberian international Johnny Menyongar from NSC Minnesota Stars of the North American Soccer League in the United States. The club then played their first match of the 2011 I-League 2nd Division against Langsning F.C. on 31 March 2012 in which the club drew 2–2. United Sikkim then won their first match of the season five days later on 5 April 2011 against North Imphal Sporting Association at the Indira Gandhi Athletic Stadium in Assam by a score of 2–0. The club went on to finish in first place in Group A of the first round of the I-League 2nd Division and thus qualified for the 2011 I-League 2nd Division Final Round in which they only needed to finish in the top two for promotion. The club began the Final Round with three consecutive draws against Sporting Clube de Goa, Royal Wahingdoh, and Shillong Lajong before winning two matches in a row against Mohammedan and Southern Samity before a draw to Ar-Hima and a loss to Vasco officially knocked United Sikkim out of contention for promotion to the 2nd Division and forced them to settle for fifth place for the season.
The road to the 2012 I-League 2nd Division did not start well for United Sikkim. On 11 June 2011 it was announced that Johnny Menyongar would leave the club to join I-League team Shillong Lajong as well as Indian internationals Renedy Singh and NS Manju in January 2012. However, after firing coach Stanley Rozario, United Sikkim signed Belgian Philippe De Ridder as coach of the team. The club the re-signed Nigerian Daniel Bedemi and Quinton Jacobs for the season. The club then began their charge for the I-League for the second season in a row with a 3–2 victory over Bhawanipore F.C. at the Satindra Mohan Dev Stadium in Assam on 2 February 2012. The club then went on to win three more matches during the first round of the I-League 2nd Division against Eagles, Southern Samity, and Ar-Hima in order to qualify for the 2012 I-League 2nd Division Final Round in which the club won promotion on the last day of the season on 17 April 2012 at the Paljor Stadium in Gangtok, Sikkim in front of 30,000 fans as United Sikkim drew Mohammedan 1–1 with Daniel Bedemi scoring the goal for United Sikkim.
Crest and Colours.
On 22 March 2011 the first kit and crest of United Sikkim was unveiled at a function held at the Taj Hotel in Kolkata. The club crest had a picture of a snow lion on it which is currently the club mascot and the color of the kit was red with white shorts. The clubs away colors are dark and light blue. On 29 August 2012 after gaining promotion to the I-League the club unveiled their new crest which is red and not orange like the crests from before and instead of having est. 2008 for the founding date the crest has est. 2011 which could stand for when the club professionalized itself.
Stadium.
For their first season in the I-League the club announced that they would play all their home matches at the 25,000 seater Paljor Stadium in the capital of Sikkim, Gangtok. When the club were participating in amateur tournaments from 2008 to 2011 and the I-League 2nd Division from 2011 to 2012 in which they would play in neutral venues the club used the Paljor Stadium as a training ground holding the majority of their practices at the ground. However despite the I-League 2nd Division being a neutral competition the Paljor Stadium was given the rights to host the 2012 I-League 2nd Division Final Round 2nd leg in which United Sikkim were also participating in. The ground was also the venue for the match in which United Sikkim gained promotion to the I-League after drawing Mohammedan 1–1.
Honours.
1: 2012

</doc>
<doc id="30970286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970286" title="2011–12 Anaheim Ducks season">
2011–12 Anaheim Ducks season

The 2011–12 Anaheim Ducks season was the 19th season of operation (18th season of play) for the National Hockey League franchise. Their first game of the season was held on October 7, 2011 against the Buffalo Sabres in Helsinki, Finland. The Ducks had a disappointing season compared to 2010–11, struggling in the first half of the season and digging a hole that was too deep to climb out of despite a second-half resurgence. 2011–12 will mark the second time in their last three seasons that the Ducks have missed the playoffs. The Ducks ultimately finished the season in 13th place in the Western Conference and with a mediocre 34–36–12 record.
Offseason.
While the Anaheim Ducks entered the 2011 offseason with no major free agent challenges, the franchise did indeed have some question marks heading into the 2011–12 season. The biggest question on the ice, was whether or not super-star Teemu Selanne would retire. The 40 year old was incredibly successful in the 2010–11 season averaging over a point a game, however, his age and length of his career (18 NHL seasons) was a factor. The Ducks' offseason started with the NHL draft when Anaheim took Rickard Rakell in the first round (30th overall), John Gibson in the second round (39th overall), and traded for Andrew Cogliano from Edmonton and signed him to a 3 year deal. Head coach Randy Carlyle also got a contract extension of 3 years after guiding the Ducks to their first Stanley Cup championship in 2007 and into the playoffs every season since he took the helm except for the 2009–10 season. On the retirement front, the Ducks lost long-time 3rd line center Todd Marchant to retirement on June 29, 2011 and on the same day, former Ducks captain Paul Kariya announced his retirement, putting to bed any rumor that he may return to the franchise he helped build. Other than a few transactions, the summer for Anaheim was relatively quiet with most of the talk concerning the health of goaltender Jonas Hiller and whether or not Selanne will return for another season. Hiller was reported to be symptom free as of August 19 and was expected to arrive at the Ducks camp on time in September and Selanne announced his return on September 15 after undergoing knee surgery early in the summer. Early in September, tragedy rocked the hockey world when a plane carrying the Lokomotiv Yaroslavl team of the KHL crashed. The team featured some NHL prospects and former NHL stars including former Mighty Duck Ruslan Salei. Salei had been a mainstay in the Anaheim organization for many years and a small memorial was erected in front of Honda Center by Ducks fans to remember him immediately after people began to find out about his passing.
Business and arena.
On the business side, the Sacramento Kings of the NBA expressed interest in moving to Honda Center, the Ducks' home arena. The team had until May 2, 2011 to file for relocation to play in Anaheim for the 2011–12 season. Ducks owners Henry and Susan Samueli have been trying to lure an NBA team to Honda Center since they purchased the team, mainly because of the positive impact the team would have on the Ducks' finances and the finances of Samueli-owned Anaheim Arena Management. It was announced, however, on May 2 that the Kings would remain in Sacramento for at least one more season. Even though the Ducks remained the sole at least through the 2011–12 season, the Anaheim Ducks and Anaheim Arena Management announced that they would be doing a major upgrade to the arena in mid-June, 2011. The upgrade includes a new restaurant, expanded club area, grand terrace, new east entrance, and larger team store and the cost is reportedly in the tens of millions. The Ducks also announced ticket prices for individual games will be reduced in order to take advantage of an "all-in" pricing mechanism.
Regular season.
The 2011–12 Anaheim Ducks regular season schedule was released on June 23, 2011 and, as expected, the Ducks started their season as part of the NHL Premiere in Helsinki, Finland on October 7. Their first home game was on Friday, October 14 against in-state rival San Jose. Anaheim's first actual road game was on Monday, October 17 against the Sharks at HP Pavilion. Their longest homestand was from December 29 – January 10 (6 home games), and their longest road trip was February 10–23 (8 road games). Their final game of the regular season was on Saturday, April 7 at Calgary.
The Ducks struggled in the first half of the season, posting 18 points and a record of 6–20–6 over 32 games from October 21 – January 4, including a particularly brutal 3-point, 1–8–1 stretch from November 5 – 27 that ultimately led to a coaching change. Beginning on January 6 they embarked on a turnaround, accumulating 38 points over a 24-game span and having one of the NHL's best records for games played in January through mid-February. However, beginning on February 27 Anaheim proceeded to fall into another frustrating 5–8–1 ditch which ultimately would eliminate them from the playoff hunt. The Ducks were mathematically eliminated as of Wednesday, March 28, at which point the Ducks only had 10 points up for grabs through the remainder of the season, and 11 separated them from the last playoff spot. Anaheim's season ended on Saturday, April 7 with a 5–2 loss to Calgary. Primary goaltender Jonas Hiller finished 2011–12 with a 29–30–12 record and with a 2.57 goals-against average.
Playoffs.
The Ducks failed to qualify for the 2012 NHL Playoffs.
Schedule and results.
Pre-season.
The 2011 Anaheim Ducks participated in 7 preseason games and 1 exhibition game against Jokerit before the 2011–12 regular season.
Player statistics.
Skaters.
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; +/− = Plus/Minus; PIM = Penalty Minutes"
Goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games Played; GS = Games Started; TOI = Time On Ice (minutes); W = Wins; L = Losses; OT = Overtime Losses; GA = Goals Against; GAA= Goals Against Average; SA= Shots Against; SV= Saves; Sv% = Save Percentage; SO= Shutouts"
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Ducks. Stats reflect time with Ducks only.
‡Traded mid-season. 
Bold/italics denotes franchise record
Final roster.
Updated May 22, 2012.<br>
Transactions.
The Ducks have been involved in the following transactions during the 2011–12 season.
Draft picks.
The Ducks' picks at the 2011 NHL Entry Draft in St. Paul, Minnesota:

</doc>
<doc id="30970288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970288" title="Ligue de Football de Mayotte">
Ligue de Football de Mayotte

Ligue de Football de Mayotte is the governing body of football in Mayotte. The country is not a member of FIFA.

</doc>
<doc id="30970295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970295" title="Meganoton yunnanfuana">
Meganoton yunnanfuana

Meganoton yunnanfuana is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from southern China (Yunnan) and northern Vietnam.

</doc>
<doc id="30970301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970301" title="Tetsu Yamato">
Tetsu Yamato

Tetsu Yamato (born May 30, 1978) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="30970306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970306" title="Meganoton hyloicoides">
Meganoton hyloicoides

Meganoton hyloicoides is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Papua New Guinea.

</doc>
<doc id="30970308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970308" title="Football in Macau">
Football in Macau

The sport of football in the country of Macau is run by the Associação de Futebol de Macau. The association administers the national football team as well as the national league.

</doc>
<doc id="30970311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970311" title="Meganoton loeffleri">
Meganoton loeffleri

Meganoton loeffleri is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Thailand.

</doc>
<doc id="30970316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970316" title="List of football clubs in Macau">
List of football clubs in Macau

Following is a list of football clubs located in Macau.

</doc>
<doc id="30970328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970328" title="ISIRI 7083">
ISIRI 7083

ISIRI 7083 is a standard published by the Institute of Standards and Industrial Research of Iran (ISIRI) in 2004 based on ISO 9043. It defines "Mopeds-Measurement method for moment of inertia".
Related sources.
Other sources that were used in this standard are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="30970330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970330" title="Hiro (Robot)">
Hiro (Robot)

A leg-less humanoid robot. Is a low cost 7.5M JPY humanoid robot manufactured by Kawada KK of Japan. Its servomotors have millimiter precision. It is primarily employed in R&D centers and universities. Runs real time Linux QNX in a 5ms loop. Application programming of movements is done via OpenHRP, a software maintaned by Robotix Inc..
Hiro has a red push button to stop in case of emergency.
Criticism.
The servomotors move commands are Point to Point mode. 
Once a move command has been sent from a given application to servomotors' controlling QNX module 
it is not possible to cancel or correct course to avoid potential collision.
This makes operation with humans unsafe or precludes real-time force feed-back applications.
Hiro does not handle move commands in a parallel mode. All commands are processed in serial mode.

</doc>
<doc id="30970336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970336" title="Masaru Hashiguchi">
Masaru Hashiguchi

Masaru Hashiguchi (born May 21, 1974) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="30970343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970343" title="Dávid Arvay">
Dávid Arvay

David Arvay (born February 15, 1990) is a Slovakian professional ice hockey defenceman who played with HC Slovan Bratislava in the Slovak Extraliga during the 2010–11 season.

</doc>
<doc id="30970349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970349" title="Nevio Marasović">
Nevio Marasović

Nevio Marasović (born 1983) is a Croatian film director and screenwriter. He is also a commercial director.
Biography.
Film career.
Made his first feature film called "The Computer Repairment" at the age of sixteen.
Graduated film directing at the Academy of Dramatic Arts in Zagreb.
In 2005. He made a ghost commercial “Durex Lunch” which won numerous awards at different advertising festivals. “Lunch” also became an internet meme in the following years.
In 2010 Marasović wrote and directed his feature film "The Show Must Go On", set in near-future Zagreb, seven years after the accession of Croatia to the EU, in which there are two depictions - one of the outside world, i.e. the third world war between the EU and unnamed countries, and the other of housemates in a Big Brother-like TV reality show, who are unaware that during their stay in the house a world war has started and who the main character, the producer of the show, decides not to inform, in order to give the viewers a view of the carefree world that once existed before the war broke out.
"The Show Must Go On" received Golden Arena for Best Screenplay, Golden Arena for the Best Special Effects, Best Newcomer award and the Critic’s Choice Movie of the Year award at the Pula Film Festival, Croatia’s national film festival.
The same year Marasović made a TV comedy show called "Instruktor" for Croatia's RTL television.
Along with a Croatian actor Stjepan Perić, Marasović was "Instruktor"'s author and writer.

</doc>
<doc id="30970350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970350" title="Mário Costa Barberena">
Mário Costa Barberena

Mario Costa Barberena is a Brazilian Paleontologist.
Biography.
He graduated in "Natural History" at the Pontifícia Universidade Católica do Rio Grande do Sul ("Pontifical Catholic University of Rio Grande do Sul") in 1956 to 1959. He completed his doctorate at Harvard University, in Stratigraphic and Paleontology (1977–1978). He was lecturer at the Universidade Federal do Rio Grande do Sul ("Federal University of Rio Grande do Sul") in 1974.
The genus is named after its Barberenachampsa your Tribute. Has contributed considerably to the Geopark of Paleorrota.

</doc>
<doc id="30970362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970362" title="Nicolas Colombel">
Nicolas Colombel

Nicolas Colombel ("c".1644–1717) was a French painter, much inflluenced by Poussin.
Life.
Colombel was born at Sotteville, near Rouen, in about 1644. He went to Rome when quite young, and remained there until 1692, forming his style by a study of the works of Raphael and Nicolas Poussin. His pictures met with considerable success, but most later critics dismissed him as a mere imitator of Poussin.
He was admitted into the Academy of St Luke at Rome in 1686, and in 1694 into that of Paris. The Louvre possesses the "Mars and Rhea Sylvia", which he painted for his reception to the Academy, and a work representing the "Saint Hyacinth Saving the Statue of the Virgin from the Enemies of the Name of Christ ". He was employed by Louis XIV at both Versailles and Meudon. Many of his works were engraved by Dufloc, and by Michel Dossier. He died in Paris in 1717.
Sir Edmund Head, writing in 1848, described Colombel as "in some sense a master who stood alone among his contemporaries in dignity of feeling, and in the solid character of his art." More recently, Didier Rykner has described his work as "generally easy to recognise", adding " does indeed have his own style, consisting in a gentle Classicism, at times a bit affected, a fondness for subtle and porcelain-like colors, deep blues (close to Sassoferrato)." A considerable number of paintings have been attributed to Colombel in recent years, including an altarpiece, "Saint Dominic Presenting the Dominican Order to Christ", in the collection of the Musée des Beaux-Arts in Grenoble, identified in 2000. An exhibition of Colombel's work was held between November 2012 and February 2013 at the Musée des Beaux-Arts in Rouen.

</doc>
<doc id="30970376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970376" title="David Hájek">
David Hájek

David Hájek is a Czech professional ice hockey defenceman who played with HC Slovan Bratislava in the Slovak Extraliga during the 2010–11 season.

</doc>
<doc id="30970385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970385" title="Kim Traavik">
Kim Traavik

Kim Traavik (born 11 July 1946) is a Norwegian diplomat and politician for the Conservative Party.
He was born in Oslo and is a cand.polit. by education. He started working for the Norwegian Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1977, and served as counsellor at the United Nations embassy in Brussels from 1994 to 1997. He was the Norwegian ambassador to OSCE from 1997 to 1999, deputy under-secretary of state in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs from 2000 to 2001 and State Secretary from 2001 to 2005 in Bondevik's Second Cabinet. He was the Norwegian ambassador to NATO from 2006 to 2010, and to the United Kingdom from 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="30970400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970400" title="Mario Cartelli">
Mario Cartelli

Mario Cartelli (born 16 November 1979 in Karviná) is a Czech professional ice hockey defenceman of Italian descent who played with HC Slovan Bratislava in the Slovak Extraliga during the 2010–11 season.
Cartelli also previously played for HC Olomouc, HC Oceláři Třinec, HC Kladno, HC Havířov and HC Plzeň.

</doc>
<doc id="30970401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970401" title="Frederick Ludwig Hoffman">
Frederick Ludwig Hoffman

Frederick Ludwig Hoffman (1865 Varel, Germany - 1946) was a United States statistician who showed great foresight on some public health issues, though his work in some areas was biased by racist views.
Biography.
Hoffman was educated in the common and private schools in Germany. He moved to the United States and became statistician for the Prudential Insurance Company of America in 1891. He was employed as statistician by many organizations and did research in ethnology and kindred subjects. He also served as President of the American Statistical Association in 1911. A collection of his papers are held at the National Library of Medicine. 

</doc>
<doc id="30970410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970410" title="Forgotten Tears">
Forgotten Tears

Forgotten Tears is an Italian metalcore band from Milan, officially formed in 2008. 
The band’s line up currently consists of Faust Quaggia (Lead Vocals), Luca Lee Josh (Guitars & Backing Vocals), Matteo Pozzi (Guitars), Andrea Giovannoni (Bass), Simone Bosi (Drums). 
Forgotten Tears has released one full-length studio album in 2011 and is planning to release a brand new album in 2014.
History.
Formation and first records (2005-2008).
Forgotten Tears originally started as a four-man core band, including Faust Quaggia (vocals and rhythm guitar), Paolo Beretta (guitars), Andrea Giovannoni (bass guitar) and Matteo Torres (drums). 
They recorded their first Promo CD titled "Still Nothing Inside", with producer Ettore Rigotti (Disarmonia Mundi, Slowmotion Apocalypse, Stigma, Destrage). The promo cd included four tracks and was never released to public, the only purpose of that recording was to give a sample of what were the band attitude and musical influences, meanwhile they were looking to a record label. After about four years of playing shows with this line up, Faust Quaggia decided to devote himself only to vocals. Simone Laruccia joined the band in 2008 as a new rhythm guitarist.
2008-2010.
Since the entrance of the new guitarist Simone Laruccia, the band started to play many live shows in Italy, also supporting All Shall Perish (Nuclear Blast Records) in June 2009.
During this period Forgotten Tears started writing new songs and recording some pre-productions, looking forward to enter the studio in 2010, to record their first full length album. 
The band never stopped to play live shows and tours in Italy and Europe.
Words To End (2010-2011).
After more than one year in Forgotten Tears, Simone left the band, after recording his guitar parts for the upcoming album. 
While the band was finishing the recording sessions, Paolo De Maria joined the band and helped them for almost one year. In 2010 Forgotten Tears played as opening act for bands like Bleeding Through, Aborted, Rotten Sound and Misery Index.
After few months of recording sessions, tours and live shows (all in the same period), the band finally came up with "Words To End", their first full length album.
"Words To End" was recorded at FT Studios, Mixed by Simone Mularoni (Empyrios, The Modern Age Slavery, Figure Of Six and many others) and Mastered by Alessandro Vanara (Stigma, Disarmonia Mundi, Destrage and many others).

</doc>
<doc id="30970422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970422" title="Nikolas Ketner">
Nikolas Ketner

Nikolas Ketner (born February 13, 1991) is a Czech professional ice hockey defenceman who played with HC Slovan Bratislava in the Slovak Extraliga during the 2010–11 season.

</doc>
<doc id="30970444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970444" title="Cathal Cregg">
Cathal Cregg

Cathal Cregg is a footballer from Co Roscommon. He has played with Roscommon at all levels and helped them to win the 2010 Connacht Senior Football Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="30970448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970448" title="Peter Trška">
Peter Trška

Peter Trška (born 1 June 1992) is a Slovak professional ice hockey player who is currently playing for HC Slovan Bratislava in the Kontinental Hockey League.

</doc>
<doc id="30970458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970458" title="Loos &amp; Co.">
Loos &amp; Co.

Loos & Co., Inc. is a privately owned manufacturing company located in Pomfret, Connecticut. Their focus is in aircraft cable, wire rope, plastic coated steel cable, cable assemblies and stainless steel wire products
History.
Founded in 1958 by August "Gus" Loos, Loos and Co., Inc. began its operations as a manufacturer’s representative for overseas hardware concerns. This included importing aircraft cable and wire rope from Europe and Japan as well as distributing tools and fittings.
In 1962, Loos & Co. began to manufacture cable assemblies. In 1964, facilities were expanded to produce plastic-coated cables. By 1971, the company acquired the necessary equipment and began manufacturing wire rope and cable. In 1974, they, became qualified to produce aircraft cable to US Government specifications.
Over the following decades, the company diversified its offerings into the consumer products market. Using the same aircraft quality cables, Loos produced bicycle locks, sporting goods, and other consumer products. In the early 1990s, with increasing price competition from foreign markets, the company increased efforts in niche markets rather than in consumer goods..
Today, Loos & Co. manufactures a wide variety of wire, aircraft cable, and wire rope. These products are used in aerospace, military, and commercial applications, including - Aircraft flight controls, elevators, fitness equipment, rigging, and scaffolding operations. They are OEM producers of companies such as Boeing, General Dynamics, and Bombardier.
Medical Market.
Loos & Co. has now expanded their product line into the medical industry. These products will now include medical wire, medical cable, and medical cable assemblies made in a variety of stainless steel alloys.
Charity.
Loos & Co. has made contributions to organizations within their community and industry. In honor of wire rope pioneer John A. Roebling, Loos & Co. manufactured and donated a stainless steel replica of the iron rope Roebling manufactured for the Allegheny Portage Railroad. Loos & Co. has donated materials to the organization Connecticut Corsair who are restoring an Vought F4U Corsair, a fighter originally manufactured in Connecticut. In the Spring of 2012, Loos & Co. donated wire products to the Hole in the Wall Gang Camp, a summer camp founded by Paul Newman and described as "a community dedicated to providing a different kind of healing to seriously ill children." 

</doc>
<doc id="30970462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970462" title="In the Wake of the Flood">
In the Wake of the Flood

In the Wake of the Flood is a 2010 documentary film produced in Canada by director Ron Mann and featuring author Margaret Atwood. The film follows Atwood on her unusual book tour for her novel "The Year of the Flood".
The film premiered in Canada in October 2010, and will have its U.S. West Coast premiere at the San Francisco Green Film Festival in March 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="30970482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970482" title="ISIRI 7080">
ISIRI 7080

ISIRI 7080 is a standard published by the Institute of Standards and Industrial Research of Iran (ISIRI) in 2004 based on ISO 13327. It defines "Motorcycle tyres – Method of measuring rolling resistance".
Another source that was used in this standard is:

</doc>
<doc id="30970489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970489" title="RadExPro seismic software">
RadExPro seismic software

RadExPro is a Windows-based seismic processing software system produced by DECO Geophysical Software Company. It is suitable for processing of near-surface seismics, including seismic reflection, refraction, and MASW. It is also suitable for field seismic acquisition QC, as well as for VSP data processing. 
The RadExPro software took its origin in 1992 at Lomonosov Moscow State University, Faculty of Geology and later on was transferred to the company together with its initial authors. Originally having been actively sold in Russia and former Soviet Union countries, since 2004 the RadExPro is internationally available. In 2010 the company claimed that they sold more than 400 licenses world-wide.

</doc>
<doc id="30970507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970507" title="Canovate">
Canovate

Canovate Group of Companies is a manufacturer of industrial enclosures, server cabinets, fiber optic connectivity and data center products. Canovate Group product lines range from Fiber Optic Connectivity to Data Centers Solutions and from Rack Cabinets to Intelligent Power Distribution Units coupled with (B2B) and (B2C) sales.
Product portfolio.
Designs, Develops, Manufactures and Markets:

</doc>
<doc id="30970533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970533" title="Lynne Walker (critic)">
Lynne Walker (critic)

Lynne Walker (24 October 1956 – 10 February 2011) was a British music and theatre critic who also had experience as a broadcaster.
Born in Edinburgh, she attended the Mary Erskine School. She won a medal at the end of her time at Napier College in 1976, and gained a degree from the Huddersfield School of Music (now part of Huddersfield University). It was at this time that Walker became drawn to the Huddersfield Contemporary Music Festival, and gained a scholarship to study choral conducting in France under Arthur Oldham.
Her early career was as a musician, but she migrated to marketing and publicity in the early 1980s working for the Scottish National Orchestra and later for the Royal Exchange theatre in Manchester (1987–94). In 1991 she began her own editorial consultancy Edgewise with the music critic Gerald Larner, whom she had married in 1989. Simultaneously she had begun a freelance career in journalism and broadcasting. For about a decade, until the programme was dropped in 1998, she was a contributor to (and for its last two years presenter) of the BBC Radio 4 arts magazine "Kaleidoscope". She also hosted the Radio 3 programme "In Tune".
By 2000 she was a more regular contributor to "The Independent", responsible for the newspaper's coverage of theatre events at the Edinburgh Festival, feature articles and arts criticism with an emphasis on the north of England.
Lynne Walker died in Alderley Edge, Cheshire having suffered from cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="30970536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970536" title="Tomáš Pék">
Tomáš Pék

Tomáš Pék (born May 30, 1991) is a Slovakian professional ice hockey goaltender who played with HC Slovan Bratislava in the Slovak Extraliga during the 2010–11 season. He was selected by SKA St. Petersburg in the first round (10th overall) of the 2010 KHL Junior Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="30970544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970544" title="Alberrt Antoni">
Alberrt Antoni

Albert Antoni is a Malayali Indian film director. His debut film as a director is critically acclaimed "Kanne Madanguka" (2005). He is the director of "Nair-san", a forthcoming Indo-Japanese historical film, based on the legendary Indian freedom fighter A. M. Nair, popularly known as Nair-san in Japan with the rare combination of Mohanlal, A. R. Rahman and Jackie Chan.
Biography.
Albert Antoni's now in Mudavanmugal, Trivandrum, Kerala, and he was born in Agra, Uttar Pradesh. Alberrt Antoni native and did his schooling in Marthandam and took his Bachelor's degree from Osmania University, Hyderabad and from the Adyar Film Institute.
Albert's debut film "Kanne Madanguka" (2005) was selected for Indian Panorama 2005 screened at the International Film Festival of India, Goa(2005) and other overseas film festivals 2005 - 2006. It won three Kerala State Film Awards for Best actress, Best child artiste and Best processing.
Albert is the man behind "Nair-san". Having identified the story and having invested a lot of his time and money in research, rights and backing, he is now raring to see the project go on the floors. It has a rare combination of Mohanlal, Jackie Chan and the Academy award winner A. R. Rahman. Japan, Mongolia and India are the main locations of this huge budgeted project.
His high-points of the film were winning the Aravindan Puraskaram Best debut Director award in 2005, Padmarajan Special Jury Award for best director (2006) and John Abraham special jury award (2005). His passion and vision on Nair-san is complemented by his tremendous urge to be open and discover new eras on the subject and to create a truly international class Asian film, spanning many cultures, languages and religions.
Now he is in the post production work for his new project titled "Vaadamalli". New faces are doing the central characters.
Awards.
Aravindan Puraskaram
Padmarajan Special Jury Award
John Abraham Special Jury Award

</doc>
<doc id="30970554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970554" title="ISIRI 7078">
ISIRI 7078

ISIRI 7078 is a standard published by the Institute of Standards and Industrial Research of Iran (ISIRI) in 2004 based on ISO 9130. It defines "Motorcycles-Measurement method for location of centre of gravity".
Other sources that were used in this standard are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="30970560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970560" title="Samserganj (community development block)">
Samserganj (community development block)

Samserganj (community development block) is an administrative division in Jangipur subdivision of Murshidabad district in the Indian state of West Bengal. Samserganj police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is at Ratanpur. There are six census towns in this block: Anup Nagar, Dhusaripara, Uttar Mahammadpur, Kankuria, Chachanda and Serpur.
Geography.
Nimtita, a constituent panchayat of Samserganj block, is located at 
Samserganj community development block has an area of 92.69 km2.
Gram panchayats.
Gram panchayats in Samserganj block/ panchayat samiti are: Bhasaipaiker, Bogdadnagar, Chachanda, Dogachhinapara, Gazinagar Malancha, Kanchantala, Nimtita, Pratapganj and Tinpakuria.
Demographics.
As per 2001 census, Samserganj block has a total population of 211,561, out of which 106,427 were males and 105,134 were females. Samserganj block registered a population growth of 17.33 per cent during the 1991-2001 decade. Decadal growth for the district was 23.70 per cent. Decadal growth in West Bengal was 17.84 per cent.
Transport.
NH 34 passes through Samserganj block. There is also road connectivity to Pakur which is a district town in Jharkhand. The nearest railway station is Dhulian Ganga (DGLE) on the Barharwa-Azimganj-Katwa Loop Line. Many trains pass through this station to different locations like Howrah, Darjeeling, Bhagalpur etc.
Healthcare.
Samserganj block is one of the areas where ground water is affected by arsenic contamination. There is a block hospital and few gramin hospitals. There is also a Central Govt. hospital (50 beded) which is located in Tarapur. It is basically for the poor Beedi workers of nearby areas.

</doc>
<doc id="30970563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970563" title="Brachymystax lenok">
Brachymystax lenok

Brachymystax lenok is a salmonid fish distributed throughout Siberia, Korea and North China. It is an economically important fish species but now on the verge of extinction due to over exploitation and environmental pollution. This species grows to a length of TL.

</doc>
<doc id="30970568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970568" title="Henry King Alford">
Henry King Alford

Henry King Alford (1852–1930) was the mayor of Toowoomba, Queensland from 1911-1912. He was born on 22 July 1852 to Thomas Alford, a pioneer in the Toowoomba district, and is reputed to be the first white child born in Toowoomba. He worked at the Australian Joint Stock Bank as a young man before becoming involved in real estate. He died on 19 August 1930.

</doc>
<doc id="30970574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970574" title="Gloucester (provincial electoral district)">
Gloucester (provincial electoral district)

Gloucester was a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick, Canada. It used a bloc voting system to elect candidates. It was abolished with the 1973 electoral redistribution, divided up into five first past the post districts: Caraquet, Nepisiguit-Chaleur, Nigadoo-Chaleur, Shippagan-les-Iles and Tracadie.

</doc>
<doc id="30970578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970578" title="Patrik Rybár">
Patrik Rybár

Patrik Rybár (born Skalica, November 9, 1993) is a Slovakian professional ice hockey goaltender who played with HC Slovan Bratislava in the Slovak Extraliga during the 2010–11 season.

</doc>
<doc id="30970582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970582" title="Boripatra">
Boripatra

The Baribatra (, also spelled Boripatra or Boriphat) or Bomber Type 2 was a two-seater bomber aircraft of the 1920s designed and built by the Royal Siamese Air Force's Aeronautical Workshops. A small number were built for the Thai Air Force, with the type being the first Thai-designed aircraft.
Design and development.
The standard bomber aircraft of the Royal Siamese Air Service in the 1920s was the Breguet 14, which was license-built by the Air Service's Aeronautical Workshops as the Bomber Type 1 at Don Muang, powered by surplus 300 hp (224 kW) Renault engines purchased from France. In 1927, the price of Renault engines was raised by the supplier, and it was decided to investigate fitting the Breguets with alternative engines. In order to investigate the characteristics of possible engines, it was decided to build a test bed aircraft, which might also act as a replacement for the Breguet. Design of the new aircraft, designated Bomber Type 2, was assigned to Major Luang Vejayanrangsrit, the assistant director of the Aeronautical Workshops, and later commander of the Royal Siamese Air Force.
The Bomber Type Two was a conventional single-bay biplane of mixed construction, with a steel-tube fuselage structure. The forward fuselage was covered by metal panels and the rear fuselage fabric covering, while the wings had a fabric covered wooden structure (using local wood). The construction of the first prototype, powered by a 450 hp (336 kW) Bristol Jupiter radial engine, began on April 5, 1927, with it making its maiden flight on June 23, 1927. 
Shortly after the first flight, the aircraft was named "Boripatra" (pronounced Boripat) by King Prajadhipok after his half brother, Prince Paribatra Sukhumbhand, the then Minister of Defence.
A second Boripatra flew later that year, with the Jupiter replaced by a 660 hp (492 kW) BMW VI V12 engine. Boripatras were also flown with Curtiss D-12 engines and possibly a Pratt & Whitney Wasp. While the Boripatra had superior performance to the Breguet 14, it did not replace the older aircraft, as the price of Renault engines dropped to its earlier level, allowing the Breguets to continue to be supported. Less than twelve Boripatras were built.
Operational use.
In December 1929, three Boripatras set off on a goodwill visit to British India. One crashed fatally shortly after setting off, but the other two reached Rangoon on 24 December that year and Calcutta on 28 December. A second aircraft crashed when flying to Allahabad, but the third completed the planned journet to Delhi. A more successful visit was made to Hanoi, French Indochina by two Boripatras during 1930-31. The Boripatra was replaced by the Vought Corsair in the 1930s, with at least one remaining in existence in 1938.
Survivors.
Two replica Boripatras are displayed at the Royal Thai Air Force Museum in Bangkok.

</doc>
<doc id="30970585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970585" title="Farakka (community development block)">
Farakka (community development block)

Farakka (community development block) is an administrative division in Jangipur subdivision of Murshidabad district in the Indian state of West Bengal. Farakka police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is at Farakka. There is one census town in this block: Farrakka Barrage Township.
Geography.
Farakka is located at 
Farakka community development block has an area of 144.78 km2.
Gram panchayats.
Gram panchayats in Farakka block/ panchayat samiti are: 
Arjunpur, Bahadurpur, Beniagram, Bewa I, Bewa II, Imamnagar, Mahadevnagar, Maheshpur and Nayansukhi.
Demographics.
As per 2001 census, Farakka block has a total population of 219,775, out of which 112,447 were males and 107,328 were females. Farakka block registered a population growth of 24.13 per cent during the 1991-2001 decade. Decadal growth for the district was 23.70 per cent. Decadal growth in West Bengal was 17.84 per cent.
Transport.
NH 34 passes through Farakka block.
Healthcare.
Farakka block is one of the areas where ground water is affected by arsenic contamination.

</doc>
<doc id="30970590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970590" title="Dinh Van Than">
Dinh Van Than

Gilbert Dinh Van Than, more commonly known as Dinh Van Than, is a ni-Vanuatu "prominent businessman" and former politician. Ron Crocombe described him in 2007 as "perhaps the wealthiest entrepreneur and largest private employer in Vanuatu and many say the most politically influential [...] citizen".
Than is a naturalised citizen of Vanuatu. The "Vanuatu Daily Post" describes him as "a ni-Vanuatu of Vietnamese parentage". His father began his work in Vanuatu as an "indentured labourer".
The Dinh family have been described as long-standing supporters of the Vanua'aku Pati. In 1991, when the party was about to split, Than supported its founder and then-leader, the first Prime Minister of Vanuatu, Walter Lini. Than hosted meetings of Lini and his supporters, and enabled Lini to set up "headquarters" on the premises of one of the companies he owned. Later that year, when Lini was ousted from the leadership of the Vanua'aku Pati, and founded the National United Party, Than was a prominent member. The relationship between the two men was close; Than was literally adopted into Lini's family the same year. Vanua'aku Pati "campaign materials" responded to the split by accusing the NUP of serving Than's interests, and described Than as "the owner, financier, host, organiser, director" of the new party. Academic Howard Van Trease suggests it was Than who advised Lini to create the National United Party, and subsequently to enter into a coalition government with the Union of Moderate Parties. Than was also a major provider of funds to the party.
Than obtained the leadership of the NUP in 1999, and led it into the May 2002 general election. In 2003, he was "ousted" and replaced as party leader by Ham Lini, Walter Lini's brother, who later became Prime Minister. He responded by leaving the NUP and founding the Vanuatu National Party in 2004. The latter's stated aim was to "revive" the "principles" espoused by Walter Lini. Specifically, the party emphasised "the need to develop rural employment opportunities, provide confidence to business and invest in primary industries". It called for a partnership between churches and government in providing health and education services; called for a development of "effective national telecommunications" across the country; and suggested that key positions such as that of the Ombudsman or Chief Justice be conferred upon foreign nationals, while also pledging to review the granting of citizenship to foreigners and -despite Than himself being a businessman of Vietnamese origin- to "restrict Asian businesses from operating beyond the municipal boundary" of urban areas. Than stood unsuccessfully for Parliament as leader of the VNP in the July 2004 general election. His brother, Dominique Dinh, a customary chief on the island of Tanna, left the NUP at the same time as he did, and went on to found the Chiefs' Movement of Vanuatu four years later. His sister, Thitam Goiset, is also involved in customary politics, being reportedly the "president" of the Nagriamel movement before her appointment as Vanuatu's ambassador to Russia in December 2011.
On 16 December 2000, the headline story of the "Vanuatu Weekly Hebdomadaire" highlighted Than's "growing generosity", as he planned to "invest about 500 million vatu" in creating a residential area in Tagabe.
In the 2000s (decade), Than was a member of Vanuatu's Citizenship Commission, tasked with granting or denying citizenship applications from immigrants. Than accused the Commission's Secretary, Képoué Manwo, of falsely informing the Commission's president that certain applications, notably from Chinese businessmen, had been approved by the Commission, when they had in fact been rejected.
In 2007, Vanuatu's department of forests accused Than of "logging without a licence, not paying logging fees or forest management charges, breaking the code of logging practice, and causing high safety risks to workers, the public and the environment".
As of January 2011, Than "owns over ten companies". He once owned Doveair, a domestic airline company which was "closed following the disastrous Port Vila Land riots in 1988". The following year, riots also forced the closure of a meat factory he owned in Port Vila.
In January 2011, it was reported Than planned to launch a domestic airline, Vanuatu Airways. It would provide cheaper fares on domestic flights than Air Vanuatu.

</doc>
<doc id="30970607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970607" title="Thelaira nigripes">
Thelaira nigripes

Thelaira nigripes is a species of fly in the family Tachinidae.

</doc>
<doc id="30970609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970609" title="Gençlik 27">
Gençlik 27

Gaziantepspor enjoy most of their support from the city and surrounding provinces. Their main ultra group is called Gençlik-27, (Youngers 27), 27 corresponds to the cities code. Gençlik 27 was founded in 1996 by Hasan Günoğlu also known as Hasan Reis (Reis meaning Boss). The supporter groups are renowned for creating a great atmosphere at home games with their red flare flags and are found in the 5th and 6th stands behind the goal. They are known all around the world for acts of hooliganism and violence like every Turkish fan and club.

</doc>
<doc id="30970612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970612" title="Zvonimir Červenko">
Zvonimir Červenko

Zvonimir Červenko (13 November 1926 – 17 February 2001) was a Croatian general and the chief of General Staff of the Armed Forces of the Republic of Croatia between 1995 and 1996.
Biography.
Prewar life.
Červenko was born in Prijepolje, in region of Sandžak, in Republic of Serbia. He started his military career at the Military Technical Academy in Zagreb, where he became a lecturer after 19 years.
During the Croatian Spring in the 1970s, he was a lieutenant colonel, and became involved by advocating Croatian interests. After the government crackdown, he was sentenced to 18 months in prison with rank and right to pension both withdrawn. Until 1990 he worked as bill collector for RTV Zagreb.
Croatian War of Independence.
At the beginning of the Croatian War of Independence, president of the Republic of Croatia offered him the position of the minister of defence, but Červenko refused saying "I'm a soldier, not politician". He organized the defence of Zagreb, the blockade of enemy barracks, and started the process of forming 14 brigades in Zagreb.
In January 1992, Červenko became the commander of Croatian Home Guard ("Domobranstvo"), thus becoming deputy of chief of General Staff of the Armed Forces of the Republic of Croatia.
The top of his military career came just before the Operation Storm, when he succeeded Janko Bobetko in the position of Chief of General Staff of the Armed Forces of the Republic of Croatia. He served as Chief of General Staff from 15 July 1995 until 16 November 1996. During his command, the Croatian Army executed the most successful operation of the war, Operation Storm. President Tuđman retired him in November 1996.
He later became a member of the Chamber of Counties of Croatian Sabor on the electoral list of Croatian Democratic Union, and from 2000 he was a member of Amnesty Commission.
Červenko died on 17 February 2001 in Zagreb. With the highest honors, he was buried in Alley of Croatian Heroes at the Mirogoj Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="30970624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970624" title="Boris Jankovský">
Boris Jankovský

Boris Jankovský is a Slovakian professional ice hockey player who played with HC Slovan Bratislava in the Slovak Extraliga during the 2010–11 season.

</doc>
<doc id="30970636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970636" title="Relli">
Relli

Relli my refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30970644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970644" title="Dávid Buc">
Dávid Buc

David Buc is a Slovak professional ice hockey player who played with HC Slovan Bratislava in the Slovak Extraliga during the 2010–11 season.

</doc>
<doc id="30970659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970659" title="ISIRI 7077">
ISIRI 7077

ISIRI 7077 is a standard published by the Institute of Standards and Industrial Research of Iran (ISIRI) in 2004 based on ISO 10231. It defines "Motorcycle tyres-Test methods for verifying tyre capabilities".
Other sources that were used in this standard are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="30970673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970673" title="David O'Gara">
David O'Gara

David O'Gara is a Gaelic footballer from Co Roscommon. He plays with the Roscommon senior football team and Roscommon Gaels club. He was the star of the Roscommon team that beat Kerry in the 2006 All-Ireland Minor Football Championship final. He continued his winning ways in 2010 by helping Roscommon to a Connacht Senior Football Championship after a 0-14 to 0-13 won over Sligo. He is a son of former Roscommon star of the 1970s and 80s John O'Gara.
He has succeeded in breaking through to the senior starting XV.

</doc>
<doc id="30970675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970675" title="Bjarne Lindstrøm">
Bjarne Lindstrøm

Bjarne Lindstrøm (born 3 June 1942) is a Norwegian diplomat.
He started working for the Norwegian Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1962. He was the consul-general in Cape Town, South Africa from 1986 to 1990, deputy under-secretary of state in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs from 1994 to 1996, permanent under-secretary of state in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs from 1996 to 2005, and Norwegian ambassador to the United Kingdom from 2005 to 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="30970685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970685" title="Hege Lofthus">
Hege Lofthus

Hege Lofthus (born 1981 in Kristiansand Norway) is the former president of EGTYF (now called Active). She has been active in the temperance movement since 1997 and served as a board member of Active 2006-2008, IOGT Norway and as the president of NORDGU. February 14, 2009 she married Torstein Lofthus in Kristiansand.

</doc>
<doc id="30970695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970695" title="Football in Malawi">
Football in Malawi

The sport of football in the country of Malawi is run by the Football Association of Malawi. The association administers the national football team, as well as the Telekom Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="30970698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970698" title="Libor Hudáček">
Libor Hudáček

Libor Hudáček () (born September 7, 1990) is a Slovak ice hockey player who is currently playing for the HC Slovan Bratislava in the Kontinental Hockey League. His older brother Július is an ice hockey goaltender who plays for the Frölunda HC.
Career.
Hudáček began playing junior ice hockey in the HK Spišská Nová Ves. He was a member of the HK Orange 20 project in the 2009–10 season, overall playing 23 games. Rest of the season he played for the HC Slovan Bratislava. In the 2010–11 season he overall played 55 games and earned 24 points for Slovan. In the next season he scored winning goal in the 7th playoffs final game against HC Košice and won the Slovak Extraliga title.
International play.
Hudáček participated at the 2008 IIHF World U18 Championships and the 2010 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships. He played for Slovakia at the 2012 IIHF World Championship, earning 5 points in 10 games. He won the silver medal at the 2012 World Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="30970715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970715" title="Martin Kalináč">
Martin Kalináč

Martin Kalináč (born 4 April 1992) is a Slovakian professional ice hockey player who played with HC Slovan Bratislava in the Slovak Extraliga during the 2010–11 season.

</doc>
<doc id="30970722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970722" title="Gilbert Cory">
Gilbert Cory

Gilbert Gostwyck Cory (1839–1924) was the mayor of Toowoomba, Queensland in 1891. Born in Paterson, New South Wales in 1839, he became a station manager after moving to Toowoomba in 1858, where he worked for James Taylor, who was also mayor of Toowoomba. Aside from being mayor, Cory served as an alderman on the Toowoomba City Council from 1889 to 1894 and was also active on the Shire of Jondaryan Council, serving as chairman in 1894 and 1895 and an alderman in 1883-1919. He died on 8 August 1924.

</doc>
<doc id="30970736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970736" title="Football in Mauritania">
Football in Mauritania

The sport of football in the country of Mauritania is run by the Fédération de Foot-Ball de la Républic Islamique de Mauritanie. The association administers the national football team, as well as the Mauritanian Premier League.

</doc>
<doc id="30970738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970738" title="ISIRI 7076">
ISIRI 7076

ISIRI 7076 is a standard published by the Institute of Standards and Industrial Research of Iran (ISIRI) in 2004 based on ISO 9129. It defines "Motorcycles-Measurement method for moment of inertia".
Other sources that were used in this standard are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="30970739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970739" title="Miroslav Bobocký">
Miroslav Bobocký

Miroslav Bobocký (born September 23, 1991) is a Slovakian professional ice hockey player who played with HC Slovan Bratislava in the Slovak Extraliga during the 2010–11 season.

</doc>
<doc id="30970749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970749" title="Novo Selo Rok">
Novo Selo Rok

Novo Selo Rok () is a village in Međimurje County, Croatia.
The village is administratively part of the wider area of Čakovec, the county seat of Međimurje County, and is located around 4 kilometres from the centre of the city. Its population in the 2001 census was 1,476.
History.
The history of the village began in 1681, during an epidemic of plague, which devastated the entire Međimurje region. The faithful people fled to the protection of Saint Roch, building a chapel on the then deserted hill and naming it in his honour in 1686. The chapel was expanded during the 1750s.
In the 1857 census, the village had a population of 168. At the time, it was known as "Jánosfalu" in Hungarian, while its Croatian name was "Janko Selo". By the 1910s, it was predominantly populated by Croats and had a population of 498 in the 1910 census. 
It was part of the Čakovec district () of Zala County in the Kingdom of Hungary. In 1920, when the Treaty of Trianon was signed, the village became part of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia. Its official name in the censuses between 1921 and 1948 was "Novo Selo". In 1941, it became part of Hungary again, as the entire Međimurje region was annexed by the Hungarians until 1945. After World War II, it became part of Croatia within the Federal People's Republic of Yugoslavia.
The name "Novo Selo-Rok" was first mentioned as the official name of the village in the 1953 census, while the hyphen was first removed from the name in the 1981 census. By the 1960s, the population of the village grew to over 1,000.
Transportation.
There is a small train station in the western part of the village, on the railroad that connects Čakovec with Mursko Središće and Lendava. The main road going through the village connects Čakovec with Podturen.

</doc>
<doc id="30970759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970759" title="Miroslav Preisinger">
Miroslav Preisinger

Miroslav Preisinger (born 3 February 1991) is a Slovak professional ice hockey player currently playing for HC Slovan Bratislava in the Kontinental Hockey League.

</doc>
<doc id="30970761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970761" title="2011–12 Moroccan protests">
2011–12 Moroccan protests

The Moroccan protests are a series of demonstrations across Morocco which occurred from 20 February 2011 to the spring of 2012. They were inspired by other protests in the region. The protests were organized by the 20 February Movement.
Origin.
Driven by uprisings and revolutions in other North African countries, the origin of these demonstrations lies in the many social, economic and political issues that have plagued the Moroccan people since Morocco's independence. 20 February activists have rallied around these issues, which include the lack of civil liberties and rights, high illiteracy, a wide gap between rich and poor, corruption, the failure of healthcare and the absence of legitimate elections. They founded the group in late January and created a Facebook page as well as a YouTube campaign video that went viral.
Timeline.
2011.
On 20 February, thousands of Moroccans rallied in the capital, Rabat, to demand that King Mohammed give up some of his powers, chanting slogans such as "Down with autocracy" and "The people want to change the constitution." They were heading towards the parliament building, and police did not halt them, although Moroccan Finance Minister Salaheddine Mezouar said that people should not join the march. A separate protest was underway in Casablanca and one was planned for Marrakesh. Looting and major disorder were widespread in Tangier,Marrakesh, Al Hoceima, Chefchaouen, Larache, Ksar-el-Kebir, Fez, Guelmim, Tétouan, and Sefrou.
Thousands took to the streets of Rabat, Casablanca, Tangier and Marrakech in peaceful protests demanding a new constitution, a change in government and an end to corruption. During a march on Hassan II Avenue in the capital, Rabat, demonstrators demanded a new constitution to bring more democracy to the country. They shouted slogans calling for economic opportunity, education reform, better health services, and help in coping with the rising cost of living.
The Associated Press estimated the turnout in Rabat at 4,000, while organizers put the crowd outside Parliament at 20,000. The Interior Ministry estimated that the total number of protesters was about 37,000 people.
On 26 February, about 1,000 people demonstrated in Casablanca demanding political reforms, according to AFP.
On 13 March, several hundred demonstrators gathered in Casablanca demanding reforms. Riot police broke up the rally with batons, injuring dozens in what was described as the most violent intervention since the start of the protests.
On 20 March, an estimated 35,000 citizens of diverse backgrounds and interests participated in peaceful protests in more than 60 cities across the country, some demanding more political changes than those announced by King Mohammed in his 9 March address, with others wanting to keep up the pressure so that the reforms come about. The police did not intervene and no violent acts were reported.
On 24 April, thousands of people protested across Morocco, demanding an end to corruption, an independent judiciary, constitutional reforms, legislative elections as well as more jobs for university graduates.
On 8 May, thousands of Moroccans marched in Marrakesh to demand reforms and express their opposition towards terrorist attacks, like the one on 28 April.
On 22 May, Moroccan police spent hours chasing hundreds of pro-democracy activists through the streets of the capital in an effort to prevent any pro-reform demonstrations. The government appeared to be implementing a new zero-tolerance policy for protesters.
On 5 June, nearly 60,000 protesters convened in Rabat and Casablanca to demonstrate, many carrying a picture of Kamal Amari, who died from police brutality. The death highlighted escalating police brutality directed at demonstrators.
On 28 July, a few dozen 20 February Movement protesters gathered in front of a courthouse in Safi to demand authorities to free two unfairly arrested Sebt Gzoula demonstrators. Those two were arrested under false claims of attacking government forces.
Protests have continued nearly every Sunday, with thousands marching in cities around Morocco calling for governmental reform.
On 18 September, 3,000 protesters marched through the streets of Casablanca in the largest such demonstration in months.
2012.
On 27 May, tens of thousands of Moroccans took to the streets of Casablanca in protests against the government’s failure to tackle unemployment and other social woes, accusing Prime Minister Abdelilah Benkirane of failing to deliver promised reforms.
On 22 July, hundreds of protesters led by 20 February Youth Movement marched in the working class area of Sidi Bernoussi in Casablanca and chanted against government policies, social marginalisation, and corruption. They also took aim at the wealthy clique of Moroccans known as the Makhzen, the governing elite centred around monarch King Mohammed VI. They were later met with violence by police; suddenly at the very end, police started beating street vendors and passers-by and later started chasing and apprehending protesters.
On 11 August, nearly 1,000 people gathered in Casablanca chanting anti-corruption slogans, denouncing the sharp rise in prices, and calling for the release of jailed activists, with another 300 people gathered near the main boulevard in Rabat chanting slogans criticising Prime Minister Abdelilah Benkirane and King Mohammed VI, while waving anti-government banners. Activists blame the ruling Justice and Development Party (PJD) for a surge in fuel prices — petrol jumped by 20% in June 2012 when the government moved to cut its unaffordable subsidies bill — that has driven up the cost of food and other basic goods. They also accuse the moderate Islamist party of not fulfilling its campaign pledges to address social grievances and fight corruption.
Dozens of activists gathered on 23 August outside Parliament to call for the abolition of the ceremony of the "Beyʿa", in which government officials bow down before King Mohammed VI in an elaborate ritual at the palace in Rabat, an annual event normally held on 30 July to commemorate the king's coronation 13 years ago. Opposition activists say the event perpetuates a "backwardness" and "servitude" in Morocco that is inappropriate for the 21st century, touching on a highly sensitive issue in the North African country. Most of those attending demonstration were members of the 20 February Youth Movement.
About 500 demonstrators marched in Rabat on 23 September to protest against corruption and political detentions. The marchers, mostly youths, chanted slogans urging the authorities to release from prison members of the 20 February Youth Movement. There were no reports of unrest and the march ended peacefully.
Domestic response.
On 9 March, in a live televised address, King Mohammed VI announced his decision to undertake a comprehensive constitutional reform aimed at improving democracy and the rule of law, and underlined his "firm commitment to giving a strong impetus to the dynamic and deep reforms... taking place". The monarch announced the formation of a commission to work on the constitutional revisions, with proposals to be made to him by June after which a referendum would be held on the draft constitution.
The commission was widely criticized by the protest movement leaders, which refused to participate in the commission's work, despite being invited to do so by the government. 
On 14 April, King Mohammed VI pardoned or reduced the sentences of 190 prisoners, including Islamists and Sahrawi independence activists.
Constitutional reform proposals.
In a televised speech on 17 June, King Mohammed VI announced a series of constitutional reforms, passed through a national referendum on 1 July. The newly proposed reforms were largely supported by Moroccans, and popular celebrations were observed throughout the country, the leaders of the 20 February Movement rejected the proposals as insufficient and called for continuing protests on 19 June 2011 demanding "truly democratic constitution and a parliamentary monarchy", while calling for a mass boycott of the poll. On 29 June 2011, the protesters called for a boycott of the referendum.
The proposed reforms passed and gave the prime minister and parliament more executive authority, and made Berber an official language in Morocco, together with Arabic, as well as the Arab-Hassani Language spoken among the Saharawi tribes of Morocco. The proposal empowered the prime minister with the authority to appoint government officials and to dissolve the parliament - the powers previously held by the king. However, the king remains the military commander-in-chief and retains his position as the chair of the Council of Ministers and the Supreme Security Council, the primary bodies responsible for the security policy. A new constitutional provision also confirms the king's role as the highest religious authority in the country. 
In a televised speech on 30 July the king said the constitutional changes should be implemented swiftly, starting with parliamentary elections, adding that "any delay may jeopardise this dynamic of trust and squander opportunities offered by the new reform". After negotiations between the interior ministry, which oversees elections, and some 20 political parties, the government proposed that parliamentary elections should take place on 11 November instead of the scheduled date of September next year.
A large number of protesters went onto the streets again on 11 September 2011 and on 18 September 2011.
Media platforms.
One of the media platforms that advertised the movement was "Mamfakinch", a collaborative website that published content mainly in French and Arabic, but also English. "Mamfakinch" means "no concession." The website was started by young Moroccans who were excited by the 20 February demonstrations, which sought sweeping social, economic, and political reform in Morocco. The designers claim diverse political persuasions but share a common belief in the democratic values of freedom and humans rights. The site is not afraid to be critical of the Moroccan government and promotes the rights to free speech and access to information. Mamfakinch is a citizen media source endeavoring to provide accurate information that other, mainstream media sources misrepresent, intentionally distort, or completely ignore.
In 2012, Mamfakinch received the Google/Global Voices Breaking Borders Award for "defending and promoting freedom of speech rights on the internet."
Casualties.
On 20 February 2011, five bodies had been found in Al Hoceima, within a bank that had been destroyed by protesters who set it on fire during the 20 February protests. According to eye witnesses, the bodies belonged to rioters that were trying to loot the bank.
On 2 June 2011, a man died of injuries he had allegedly received during the riots the city of Safi witnessed three days before. Official reports state that the man's participation to the protest in precarious health conditions led to the complications which caused his death.

</doc>
<doc id="30970768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970768" title="James Deans">
James Deans

James Deans (1827-1905) was a Scottish ethnologist, guide and collector of Victoria, BC, who published several works on the folklore and culture of the Indigenous peoples of the Americas.
Deans joined James Richardson's[http://www.biographi.ca/009004-119.01-e.php?&id_nbr=5792] expedition to survey Queen Charlotte Islands in 1878, and he was employed by others as a local guide; his collection of ethnographic materials was criticised by some contemporaries for its insensitivity. He presented an exhibition on the Haida people at the World's Columbian Exposition, showing a model village based on materials he had obtained. Amongst his works is a paper presented at "The Chicago Folk-Lore Congress of 1893", "The Superstitions, Customs, and Burial Rites of the Tribes of North-Western America".

</doc>
<doc id="30970770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970770" title="List of football clubs in Mauritius">
List of football clubs in Mauritius

The following is an incomplete list of association football clubs based in Mauritius.
"For a complete list see :Category:Football clubs in Mauritius"

</doc>
<doc id="30970771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970771" title="2011 Rally México">
2011 Rally México

The 2011 Rally México was the second round of the 2011 World Rally Championship season. It was the season's first event held on gravel roads. The rally took place over 3–6 March, beginning with a street stage in Guanajuato. The rally was also the first round of the Super 2000 World Rally Championship.
In an event in which all the leading contenders suffered some sort of trouble during the rally, Sébastien Loeb took the 63rd WRC win of his career, and his fifth victory in Mexico, taking advantage of teammate Sébastien Ogier's crash on the 20th stage and held on to win the event by over 90 seconds. Loeb had trailed Ogier heading into the final day, having picked up a 50-second penalty for starting the 15th stage late. Second place went to championship leader Mikko Hirvonen, who took the Power Stage victory, to take his total points earned on the rally to 21; while teammate Jari-Matti Latvala finished third, despite losing over four minutes on Friday. The Norwegian trio of Petter Solberg, Mads Østberg and Henning Solberg finished in fourth, fifth and sixth place respectively.
Nasser Al-Attiyah won the supporting SWRC class on the road, but was later excluded due to a technical infringement. Al-Attiyah's exclusion gave Martin Prokop victory in the class and seventh place overall, Juho Hänninen second in class and eighth overall, with Ott Tänak promoted onto the SWRC podium and into the overall points.
Results.
Power Stage.
The "Power stage" was a live, televised stage at the end of the rally, held near Guanajuato.

</doc>
<doc id="30970787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970787" title="Ronnie Isidore">
Ronnie Isidore

Ronald "Ronnie" Isidore is a Dominican politician in the United Workers' Party. He has served in the House of Assembly of Dominica since 2010.
Isidore contested the Mahaut constituency on the UWP ticket in the 2009 general election. He lost on 18 December 2009 to the incumbent, Rayburn John Blackmoore of the Labour Party, with 1,457 votes to Blackmoore's 2,136 (58.5% to 39.9%). He was subsequently appointed to serve as a Senator by the Opposition Leader Hector John on 5 August 2010.
Isidore is a graduate of Iona College in New York.

</doc>
<doc id="30970799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970799" title="Richard Huna">
Richard Huna

Richard Huna is a Slovak professional ice hockey player who currently plays for the Yertis Pavlodar of the Kazakhstan Hockey Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="30970803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970803" title="Nanpu Bridge">
Nanpu Bridge

The Nanpu Bridge (), in Shanghai, China, sister bridge to the Yangpu Bridge, is one of the main bridges in Shanghai.
The cable-stayed bridge was designed by the Shanghai Municipal Engineering Design Institute, Shanghai Urban Construction College, and Shanghai Urban Construction Design Institute, with assistance from Holger S. Svensson. It has a main span of 428 meters (1,388 ft), shorter than its sister bridge. It is the 57th longest cable-stayed bridge in the world, opened to the public in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="30970814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970814" title="List of football clubs in Morocco">
List of football clubs in Morocco

The following is a complete list of association football clubs based in Morocco registered at Semi Professional level or above.
"For a complete list see :Category:Football clubs in Morocco"

</doc>
<doc id="30970820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970820" title="Robert Huna">
Robert Huna

Róbert Huna (born March 9, 1985) is a Slovak professional ice hockey player who currently plays for the Yertis Pavlodar of the Kazakhstan Hockey Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="30970833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970833" title="Sisterhood method">
Sisterhood method

Although maternal deaths are a major problem in developing countries, high quality data are rare. Yet, numbers are needed for planning in order to reduce the problem of maternal death. Several methods have been used to estimate maternal deaths. One household survey to estimate maternal deaths is the Sisterhood Method, which includes only 4 simple questions. The Sisterhood Method is one method recommended by the WHO. It is useful, because it is quick, cheap, and reduces sample size requirements.
Background.
The death of a woman during or shortly after a pregnancy is an important medical problem in developing countries. 99% of all maternal deaths occur in developing countries. In the poorest countries in the world, e.g. Sierra Leone, the lifetime risk for a woman dying because of a maternal death is approx 1 in 6, whereas in developed countries, e.g. Sweden, the same lifetime risk is approx 1 in 30,000. Half of all maternal deaths occur in six countries only: Afghanistan, Democratic Republic of Congo, Ethiopia, India, Nigeria, and Pakistan. Worldwide, maternal deaths decreased from approx 500,000 in 1980 to approx 350,000 in 2008. This decline in maternal deaths was associated mainly with better maternal education, maternal income, increased availability of trained birth attendants, and decreased pregnancy rates.
Estimating maternal deaths.
Although maternal deaths are a major problem in developing countries, seen globally, the numbers are not very large, and there is an absence of high quality data. Yet, numbers are needed for planning in order to reduce maternal deaths. Several methods have been used to estimate maternal deaths. They include analysing census records and medical/death certificates, and "Reproductive Age Mortality Studies" (RAMOS). Also, "household surveys" are used. All of these methods are not totally precise, but they can provide some useful information to decrease maternal mortality.
In contrast, full "surveillance programmes" would be too costly and too unrealistic for many developing countries.
Sisterhood Method.
The Sisterhood Method is the commonest household survey for estimating maternal deaths. It is quick, cheap, and reduces sample size requirements; in countries or areas with high levels of maternal deaths, i.e. over 500 maternal deaths per 100,000 live births, a sample size of only 4000 households or less is acceptable for this method. But the method still provides a useful means of assessing maternal mortality.
This method includes only 4 simple questions about the sisters of the woman in question:
Question 1: How many sisters have you ever had, born to the same mother, who ever reached the age 15 (or who were ever married), including those who are now dead?
Question 2: How many of your sisters who reached the age of 15 are alive now?
Question 3: How many of these sisters are dead?
Question 4: How many of your sisters who are dead died during a pregnancy or during childbirth, or during the six weeks after the end of a pregnancy?
How is the Sisterhood Method applied.
Deaths occurring over a large interval of time are documented. The overall estimate of maternal mortality is determined for 10–12 years before the survey. The Sisterhood Method is useful because usually maternal mortality changes slowly. It provides some meaningful data in countries or areas where there are no alternative means of generating estimates.
When should the Sisterhood Method not be used.
The Sisterhood Method is not appropriate in countries or areas where the total fertility rate is less than 4 children per family, in areas of significant migration, as well as during civil war, civil unrest or other significant social disruption.
Variant of the original Sisterhood Method.
The original Sisterhood Method is an indirect method. The newer Direct Sisterhood Method targets a more limited reference period for sister deaths and uses more in depth questions (e.g., deaths among all siblings, all deaths that are pregnancy related, and when these deaths occurred). This variant relies on fewer assumptions than the original Sisterhood Method. However, it requires a larger sample size, data gathering and analysis are more complex, and has large confidence intervals. Despite these limitations, the Direct Sisterhood Method can result in greater specificity of information. A retrospective maternal mortality ratio (MMR) can be calculated. This variant is used by Demographic and Health Surveys (DHS).

</doc>
<doc id="30970835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970835" title="Great Chesapeake Bay Schooner Race">
Great Chesapeake Bay Schooner Race

The Great Chesapeake Bay Schooner Race (GCBSR) is an annual schooner race established in 1990 that takes place on the Chesapeake Bay. The race—held in October of each year—begins just south of the Chesapeake Bay Bridge near Annapolis, Maryland, and ends at Thimble Shoal Light north of the Hampton Roads channel, covering . Pre- and post-race activities take place in Baltimore, Maryland, and Portsmouth, Virginia, respectively. Proceeds from the race support Chesapeake Bay education and preservation projects. The current time to beat is 11 hours, 18 minutes, 53 seconds and was set in 2007 by the schooner "Virginia".
History.
The race started as a challenge from Lane Briggs, the captain of the steel-hulled, sail-powered tugboat "Norfolk Rebel", to Jan Miles, the captain of "Pride of Baltimore II". The first official race was held in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="30970847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970847" title="Stromatoveris">
Stromatoveris

"Stromatoveris psygmoglena" is a fossil organism from Chengjiang deposits of Yunnan that was originally aligned with the fossil "Charnia" (strictly, the Charniomorpha) from the Ediacara biota. However, such an affinity is developmentally implausible and "S. psygmoglena" is now thought to be either a sessile basal ctenophore, or a sessile organism closely related to ctenophores..

</doc>
<doc id="30970852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970852" title="Thelaira solivaga">
Thelaira solivaga

Thelaira solivaga is a species of fly in the family Tachinidae.

</doc>
<doc id="30970879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970879" title="Adam Colonia">
Adam Colonia

Adam Colonia (12 August 1634 – September 1685) was a Dutch Golden Age painter active in London.
Biography.
Colonia was born in Rotterdam. According to the RKD he was the son of Isaac Colonia, though coming from a painting family and running an art dealership in Rotterdam, may not have been his primary teacher. His work was influenced by Jan Daemen Cool and Egbert van der Poel, either of whom may have been his teacher. He married in Rotterdam in 1661 and travelled to London in 1670, where he stayed until his death. He is known for Italianate landscapes and religious works.
He sometimes painted landscapes and figures in the manner of Berchem. In the Copenhagen Museum there is a picture by him of 'Noah building the Ark'; and the Lille Museum has 'The Angel appearing to the Shepherds' attributed to him.

</doc>
<doc id="30970883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970883" title="Citizen Effect">
Citizen Effect

Citizen Effect is a Washington, D.C. based registered 501(c)(3) nonprofit that provides citizens with the tools they need to support a small-scale philanthropy project. Originally called 1Well, Citizen Effect was founded in 2008 and has completed 100 projects around the world.
Operations.
Citizen Effect sponsors small-scale projects related to clean energy, education, food security, health, water and sanitation. People interested in funding a project can browse current projects on Citizen Effect’s website and sign up. After choosing a project, people raise money from their social networks, receiving fundraising advice from Citizen Effect’s staff. When projects are fully funded, Citizen Effect and its field partners provide regular project updates.
History.
Dan Morrison, Citizen Effect’s Founder and CEO, was working as a management consultant when he was invited to visit the Self-Employed Women's Association of India in 2008. During his trip, he learned about the plight of Vachharajpur, a small village in Gujarat that lacked safe drinking water. Morrison raised $5,000 from his friends and family in the US to build a well in Vacharajpur, inspiring him to found an organization dedicated to connecting everyday citizens to at-risk communities across the world. Start-up money for Citizen Effect was provided by Google CEO Eric Schmidt.

</doc>
<doc id="30970884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970884" title="Henry Halcro Johnston">
Henry Halcro Johnston

Colonel Henry Halcro Johnston CB CBE DL FRSE FLS (13 September 1856 – 18 October 1939) was a Scottish botanist, physician and rugby union international. As a member of Edinburgh University RFC he represented Scotland in 1877 and went on to make a significant contribution to botany and horticulture through his meticulous collection and recording of plant species during and after his distinguished military career. 
Early life.
Henry Halcro Johnston was born at Orphir House, Orkney, on 13 September 1856, the fifth son of James Johnston, eleventh Laird of Coubister, Orkney, and was educated at Dollar Academy, followed by the Collegiate School of Edinburgh, and finally at the University of Edinburgh, where he graduated M.B., C.M. in 1880. He proceeded M.D. in 1893 and in the same year took the B.Sc., proceeding D.Sc. (Public Health) in 1894.
Career.
Having qualified as a doctor, Johnston entered the army as a surgeon on 30 July 1881. His war service included Sudan, in 1885, at Suakin, for which he received the Egypt Medal (with the Suakin 1885 clasp) and Khedive's Star. He went on to serve on the North-West Frontier of India, from 1897 to 1898, where he was in charge of British No. I Field Hospital, and was active in operations in the Malakand, in Bajaur, in the Mahmund country, and in Buner, including the action at Laudakai and the attack and capture of the Tanga Pass. He was mentioned in dispatches on 22 April 1898, and received the India Medal with the Punjab Frontier 1897-98 clasp. He then served in the Second Boer War in South Africa, from 1899 to 1902, and was active in operations in Natal. He was mentioned in dispatches, on 2 February 1901 and on 29 July 1902. He received the Queen's South Africa Medal with clasp (which may have been the Natal state clasp or a battle specific clasp) and also the King's South Africa Medal with both the South Africa 1901 clasp and the South Africa 1902 clasp. For his services he was made a Companion of The Most Honourable Order of the Bath, abbreviated in postnominal letters to C.B.
He attained the rank of colonel on 16 February 1911, and retired on 13 September 1913. However, after his retirement he rejoined for service in the First World War, when he served as Assistant Director of Medical Services at Glasgow and at York, and as Deputy Director of Medical Services at Gibraltar. He received the C.B.E. for his services.
Rugby union.
Johnston was a noted rugby footballer. He played for his school and university and was selected to play as full-back for Scotland against both Ireland and England in 1877. In these matches, he was recorded as being an Edinburgh Collegiate player. After joining Edinburgh University he did not again receive an international cap, but for three years he played as a forward in the Edinburgh University fifteen.
Contribution to science.
He was the author of numerous contributions to scientific journals. His work was based around the plants he had collected in Afghanistan, Mauritius, Canaries, Madeira, Egypt, Gambia, Natal, India, and Sierra Leone. He then collected in the Orkney Islands from 1919. He contributions were particularly focussed on the flora of Mauritius and the islands of Orkney and Shetland and published in the "Transactions of the Botanical Society of Edinburgh".
Publications.
Among his many publications and contributions were the following:
Personal and later life.
After retirement he settled at Orphir, in his native Orkney, where he was a deputy lieutenant of the county. He was unmarried.

</doc>
<doc id="30970920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970920" title="2011–12 San Jose Sharks season">
2011–12 San Jose Sharks season

The 2011–12 San Jose Sharks season was the ice hockey club's 21st season in the NHL.
Offseason.
The Sharks, disappointed in their playoff results, traded away two major players of their team to the Minnesota Wild. Devin Setoguchi was traded for Brent Burns, and Dany Heatley was traded for Martin Havlat. Burns was targeted to fill a hole on the Sharks as a shut-down defensive presence. Heatley was traded after posting disappointing playoff results.
Season recap.
Regular season.
The preseason was successful, ending in a 5–1–0 record with the only loss came to Phoenix.
The Sharks started the season rather slowly; they gained a win at their opener at home against Phoenix but then lost three straight. Afterwards, the Sharks won the first five games on their six-game road trip. The win against the Devils came on a shootout, with Joe Thornton participating in his 1000th NHL career game, and the win against the Islanders by a sudden-death goal from Brent Burns, so the Sharks won both games that went into overtime. They ended this road trip with a loss against the Rangers before heading back home for a six-game stand. The first one was a win after shootout against the Penguins before losing the first game after overtime to the Predators before the next two games were won. The home stand ended with five wins and only one loss, coming against the Coyotes. The Sharks took over the first position in the Pacific Division in November and had 13 wins in the books after 20 games. After that, the Sharks lost four out of five with the only win vs. the Canadiens by a shootout. The Sharks just won one of the next five games, before they went on a four-game winning streak to take the top spot in the Pacific Division over Christmas. December was finished with two losses to the Ducks and Canucks.
The new year started with two wins on the road, another one at home and the number 1 spot in the division. After an away overtime loss vs. the Wild the Sharks captured their second shutout victory in a 2–0 win over the Jets. January was ended with two shutouts by Antti Niemi and at top of their division. February included an unsuccessful nine-game road trip.
The Sharks clinched a playoff spot on the fifth of April - in their 81st game of the regular season.
The Sharks were the most disciplined team during the regular season, with only 225 power-play opportunities against.
Playoffs.
In the playoffs, the Sharks faced the St. Louis Blues, a number 2 seed, in the first round, the conference quarterfinals in a best-of-seven series. The Sharks won Game 1 by a score of 3–2 after double overtime by a goal from Martin Havlát who scored twice, with Andrew Desjardins sent this game into overtime with his goal 5 minutes before the end of regulation. Game two was won by the Blues, who scored once every period, 3–0. The Blues continued their dominance by posting a 4–3 victory in Game 3, with two of the three goals by the Sharks coming in the waning minutes of the third period. The Blues then won a second straight game in San Jose, in Game 4, by a score of 2–1. The Blues led the series 3 to 1. With coming back over to St. Louis the Sharks went into the third period with a lead, thanks to a goal from Joe Thornton. The Blues answered with two quick goals in the middle of the last period and scored another goal late in the game to capture the series in five games.
Schedule and results.
Playoffs.
The Sharks clinched a playoff spot and made their eighth consecutive appearance in the playoffs.
Player statistics.
Skaters.
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; +/− = Plus/Minus; PIM = Penalty Minutes"
<br>Updated April 21, 2012.<br>
Goaltenders.
GP = Games Played; MIN = Time On Ice in minutes; W = Wins; L = Losses; OT = Overtime Losses; GA = Goals Against; GAA = Goals Against Average; SA = Shots Against; SV = Saves; SV% = Save Percentage; SO = Shutouts; G = Goals; A = Assists;
PEN = Penalty Time in minutes
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Sharks. Stats reflect time with the Sharks only.
‡Traded mid-season
Bold/italics denotes franchise record
Final roster.
Updated April 19, 2012.<br>
Transactions.
The Sharks have been involved in the following transactions during the 2011–12 season.
Draft picks.
San Jose's picks at the 2011 NHL Entry Draft in St. Paul, Minnesota.

</doc>
<doc id="30970932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970932" title="Claudius Sanford">
Claudius Sanford

Claudius Sanford is a Dominican politician in the United Workers' Party. He served in the House of Assembly of Dominica as an Opposition Senator from 2005 to 2009, and from August 2010 to October 2011.
Sanford is of Kalinago heritage and a resident of the Carib Territory. He earned a teaching certificate from the University of the West Indies. He also taught economics at the Dominica State College.
Sanford was appointed an Opposition Senator in the House of Assembly in 2005. He contested the Salybia constituency on the UWP ticket in the 2009 general election. He lost to Ashton Graneau of the Labour Party on 18 December 2009, with 684 votes to Graneau's 1,013 (59.6% to 40.2%). He was again appointed to serve as a Senator by the Opposition Leader Hector John on 5 August 2010. Sanford resigned his seat to pursue a Master's Degree overseas, and was replaced by Danny Lugay on October 25, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="30970945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970945" title="ISIRI 6924">
ISIRI 6924

ISIRI 6924 is a standard published by the Institute of Standards and Industrial Research of Iran (ISIRI) in 2004 based on Directive 2001/116/EC. It defines the type approval of motor vehicles and their trailers.
Related sources.
Other sources that were used in this standard are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="30970975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970975" title="Lynne Walker">
Lynne Walker

Lynne Walker may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="30970982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970982" title="Samudra Raksa Museum">
Samudra Raksa Museum

Samudra Raksa Museum is a maritime museum that was built several hundred meters north of the 8th-century Borobudur Buddhist monument, within the Borobudur archaeological complex, Magelang, Central Java, Indonesia. The museum features and interprets the ancient maritime Indian Ocean trade among between ancient Indonesia, Madagascar, and East Africa, popularly dubbed as "the cinnamon route". The centerpiece of museum is the full-scale reconstruction of the 8th-century Borobudur ship. It was used in a successful expedition from Indonesia to Madagascar and Ghana in 2003—2004.
The Ship Museum Samudra Raksa was opened on 31 August 2005 by Coordinating Minister for Welfare Prof. Dr. Alwi Shihab of the Republic of Indonesia. It is in part a tribute to the crew, the Indonesian specialists who built the ship, and the government and international collaboration that supported the Borobudur Ship Expedition.
Also located within the Borobudur archaeological complex, next to Samudra Raksa Museum, is Karmawibhangga Museum. This features photographs of the Karmawibhangga bas reliefs carved on the hidden foot of Borobudur, and other Borobudur carved stones and archaeological artifacts. The entry to both museums are included within the entrance ticket of Borobudur Archaeological Park.

</doc>
<doc id="30970999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30970999" title="Mark Alexander Wynter-Blyth">
Mark Alexander Wynter-Blyth

Mark Alexander Wynter-Blyth (15 August 1906-16 April 1963 Leysin, Switzerland) was an English schoolteacher and amateur naturalist who wrote one of the first field guides to the butterflies of the Indian region. He was also involved in censuses of the Asiatic Lion at the Gir forest.
Wynter-Blyth was born at Harrow-on-the-Hill, Middlesex, studied at Sedbergh School, Yorkshire and Magdalene College, Cambridge. He took an interest in nature study while still a student and moved to India in 1936 to become a House Master at Bishop Cotton School (Shimla). He later became headmaster of the preparatory school and here his meeting with A E Jones, an amateur lepidopterist, made him interested in butterflies. In 1941 he moved to the Nilgiris to take up a position as headmaster at St. George's School in Ketti; the school, which had been first recognized by the Education Department of Madras as a free primary school, was raised to the status of a high school in 1944 during his tenure. During the war, he was called to service but found unfit for active service and declined a staff appointment. In 1946 he moved to Saurashtra as a private tutor and from 1948 to 1963 till his death, he was the Principal of the Rajkumar College, Rajkot, a school founded and run by the Princely Order of Kathiawar. He died in Switzerland of coronary thrombosis on April 16, 1963. 
His book on the "Butterflies of the Indian region" published by the Bombay Natural History Society in 1957 was for a long time the only handy guide to butterflies in India.

</doc>
<doc id="30971005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971005" title="All Saints Church, Newton Green">
All Saints Church, Newton Green

All Saints Church, Newton Green, is a partly redundant Anglican church in the village of Newton Green, Suffolk, England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. The chancel is still in use for worship, but the nave, porch and tower are redundant and vested in the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands towards the north of the village, some two miles east of Sudbury.
History.
Most of the church was rebuilt in the 14th century, replacing an earlier Norman church. The south porch was added in the 15th century, and restored in 1975. By the 1960s the church had fallen into disrepair, and it was divided at the chancel arch, the chancel continuing in use for worship.
Architecture.
Exterior.
All Saints is constructed in flint with stone dressings, and some brick. The porch is timber-framed. Its plan consists of a nave with a south porch, a chancel with a north vestry, and a west tower. The tower has diagonal buttresses, and its battlemented parapet is constructed in brick. The north doorway in the nave is Norman, dating from the 12th century, probably from the 1130s or 1140s. It is round-arched, has two orders, scalloped capitals, and arches decorated with chevrons. The doorway has been partly blocked, forming a window in the upper part. The south doorway dates from the 13th century. The east window in the chancel has a 14th-century five-light window.
Interior.
Inside the church, the chancel arch is blocked with glass in the upper part, and glazed doors in the lower part. On the south side of the nave is a tomb dating from about 1300 containing the effigy of a female. On the north wall is a series of 14th-century wall paintings depicting scenes relating to the Incarnation. In front of the paintings is a pre-Reformation pulpit in the shape of an hourglass. In the chancel are a piscina and a sedilia, both dating from the 14th century, and the elaborate tomb of Margaret Boteler who died in 1410. In the chancel windows are fragments of medieval stained glass. The font is octagonal, and dates from the 15th century.

</doc>
<doc id="30971006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971006" title="Drayton Valley Power">
Drayton Valley Power

Drayton Valley Power is a 12MW biomass electricity generating station near Drayton Valley, Alberta, about 120 km west of Edmonton. The facility is operated by Algonquin Power, and uses wood refuse from the nearby Weyerhaeuser sawmill.
This facility is constructed of equipment that was originally located at North Fork, California. It was moved to Alberta in 1996 when logging near North Fork was prohibited to protect spotted owl habitat, thus ending the plant’s fuel supply.
Operations on the current site commenced in 1997, after the plant was re-commissioned by Yankee Energy for Drayton Valley Power Ltd. It was the first facility of the Drayton Valley Power Income Fund, and was the subject of its initial public offering (IPO) in 1997. Up to 10.5MW of facility capacity is sold to TransAlta Utilities Corporation annually pursuant to a long-term power purchase contract (The Drayton power purchase agreement), and any excess is sold exclusively to the Alberta Power Pool at the pool price.
The plant burns wood waste provided by the sawmill that manufactures oriented strand board (OSB) and lumber, without charge, to heat water and create steam. The facility consists of a boiler (Wickes Boiler - 1953) and a GE steam-turbine generator (1953) retrofitted with a bubbling fluidized bed when it was reconstructed at the new site. With only 21 employees this is one of the smallest grid producers in Alberta.
See also.
List of power stations in Alberta

</doc>
<doc id="30971012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971012" title="Ezekiel Bazil">
Ezekiel Bazil

Ezekiel Bazil (born 16 November 1965) is a Dominican politician who has served in the House of Assembly of Dominica since 2010. He is the current president of the United Workers' Party.
Bazil earned numerous certifications in the insurance industry and worked in Barbados and Antigua. He then moved back to Dominica, where he again worked in insurance and also as a managing director of a local company.
Bazil's first venture into politics was to contest the Wesley constituency on the UWP ticket in the 2009 general election. He lost on 18 December 2009 to Gloria Shillingford of the Labour Party, with 734 votes to Shillingford's 809 (47.6% to 52.4%). He was subsequently appointed to serve as a Senator by the Opposition Leader Hector John on 5 August 2010.
Bazil was elected president of the UWP at its January 2012 convention.

</doc>
<doc id="30971017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971017" title="Valley Power">
Valley Power

Valley Power may refer to;

</doc>
<doc id="30971018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971018" title="East Ogan Komering Ulu Regency">
East Ogan Komering Ulu Regency

East Ogan Komering Ulu Regency is a regency of South Sumatra, Indonesia. It has an area of 3597 km² and a population of 524,204. The capital lies at Martapura.It borders Ogan Ilir Regency to the north, Ogan Komering Ulu Regency to the west, Ogan Komering Ilir Regency in the east and Lampung Province and South Ogan Komering Ulu Regency in the south. Administratively it is divided into 10 districts and 191 villages.

</doc>
<doc id="30971022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971022" title="Martapura">
Martapura

Martapura is the name of several places in Indonesia:

</doc>
<doc id="30971052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971052" title="CUHK Faculty of Arts">
CUHK Faculty of Arts

The Chinese University of Hong Kong (CUHK), Faculty of Arts is the arts faculty of the Chinese University of Hong Kong.
History.
Founded in 1963.
One of Arts Faculty’s first generation of graduates, Dr. Yu Ying-shih, a student of Qian Mu, and a former Pro-Vice Chancellor of the University is a well-known historian and a recipient of the John W. Kluge Prize for his lifetime achievement in the humanities.
Degrees offered.
The Faculty offers both undergraduate and postgraduate level degree programmes.
Undergraduate.
In addition, the Faculty also offers the following programmes to students:
Postgraduate.
Research (Doctor/Master)
Taught (Master)
Taught (Postgraduate Diploma)
Campus.
The headquarters of the Faculty of Arts is at the Fung King Hey Building located in The Chinese University of Hong Kong.

</doc>
<doc id="30971067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971067" title="Offa Neal">
Offa Neal

Theophilus Fountain Neal (1876–1950), was a Major League Baseball third baseman for the New York Giants. He played in 4 games with the Giants in 1905 and recorded 13 at-bats without getting a hit. He later managed in the minor leagues in 1912.

</doc>
<doc id="30971104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971104" title="Quality policy">
Quality policy

In quality management a quality policy is a document jointly developed by management and quality experts to express the quality objectives of the organization, the acceptable level of quality and the duties of specific departments to ensure quality. Quality policy management is a long term strategic issue and often has a 10 year scope.
Section 5.3 of the ISO 9001 standard requires a written, well defined quality policy that is communicated and understood within an organization. Section 5.3 also sets out some of the requirements for quality policies.

</doc>
<doc id="30971123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30971123" title="Rolf Trolle Andersen">
Rolf Trolle Andersen

Rolf Trolle Andersen (born 14 March 1945) is a Norwegian diplomat.
He was born in Oslo as a son of diplomat Rolf Andersen and maternal grandson of Danish polar explorer Alf Trolle. He is cand.jur. from the University of Oslo and has the CEP from the Institut de Sciences Politiques. He started working for the Norwegian Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1971.
From 1973 to 1976 Trolle Andersen was posted as Secretary of Embassy in Canada. In 1979 he was named First Secretary of Embassy in Greece. In the 1980s he was Special Advisor for Polar Affairs and travelled to and reached the South Pole in 1985. He served as Norwegian Ambassador to Romania from 1990 to 1994 and then succeeded Terje Rød-Larsen as Special Middle East Coordinator in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs from 1994. In 1997 Trolle Andersen was appointed Norwegian Ambassador to Greece. In 1998, he became Norwegian Ambassador to France after Knut Vollebæk, who had been appointed in 1997, had instead become Minister of Foreign Affairs. Trolle Andersen remained in France until 2003, then was briefly Norwegian Ambassador to Austria in 2004 before serving as Lord Chamberlain at the Norwegian Royal Court from 2004 to 2008. In 2008 he became Ambassador to Switzerland, side-accredited to Liechtenstein and The Holy See. He retired in September 2013 and presently resides in France.

</doc>
