<doc id="31009880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009880" title="International Criminal Court investigation in Kenya">
International Criminal Court investigation in Kenya

The International Criminal Court investigation in Kenya or the situation in the Republic of Kenya is an on-going investigation by the International Criminal Court (ICC) into the responsibility for the 2007–2008 post-election violence in Kenya. The 2007–2008 Kenyan crisis followed the presidential election that was held on 27 December 2007. The Electoral Commission of Kenya officially declared that the incumbent President Mwai Kibaki was re-elected; supporters of the opposition candidate Raila Odinga accused the government of electoral fraud and rejected the results. A series of protests and demonstrations followed, and fighting—mainly along tribal lines—led to many deaths, injuries and displacements.
After failed attempts to conduct a criminal investigation of the key perpetrators in Kenya, the matter was referred to the International Criminal Court in The Hague. In 2010, the Prosecutor of the ICC Luis Moreno Ocampo announced that he was seeking summonses for six people: Deputy Prime Minister Uhuru Kenyatta, Industrialisation Minister Henry Kosgey, Education Minister William Ruto, Cabinet Secretary Francis Muthaura, radio executive Joshua Arap Sang and former police commissioner Mohammed Hussein Ali—all accused of crimes against humanity. The six suspects, known colloquially as the "Ocampo six" were indicted by the ICC's Pre-Trial Chamber II on 8 March 2011 and summoned to appear before the Court.
The government of Kenya and the National Assembly both attempted to stop the ICC process. The government appealed to both the United Nations Security Council and the Court itself regarding the admissibility of the case. The National Assembly voted in favour of removing Kenya as a state party to the Rome Statute, the international treaty which established the ICC. Despite this opposition, the suspects cooperated with the proceedings and attended preliminary hearings in The Hague in April 2011 and confirmation of charges hearings in September of that year. The Pre-Trial Chamber II confirmed the charges against Kenyatta, Ruto, and Sang and declined to confirm the charges against Ali, Kosgey, and Muthaura. The trial of Ruto and Sang began on 10 September 2013, while that of Kenyatta is supposed to begin on 5 February 2014. However the Chief prosecuter has asked that the case be adjourned citing lack of enough evidence required for trial.
Background.
On 27 December 2007, a general election was held in Kenya, comprising parliamentary, presidential and civic elections. The incumbent President, Mwai Kibaki, who represents the Party of National Unity and Raila Odinga from the Orange Democratic Movement were the leading candidates. Early indications showed that Odinga was likely to win the election, however the results announced by the Electoral Commission of Kenya showed that Kibaki had been re-elected and he was sworn in as President. Immediately after the Electoral Commission's announcement, Odinga rejected the result, claiming that widespread electoral fraud had taken place. European Union electoral observers also claimed that the electoral commission had failed to ensure the credibility of the vote.
In the days that followed violence spread throughout the country. An estimated 1,200 people died and more than 500,000 were displaced from their homes. A government spokesman accused Odinga's supporters of "engaging in ethnic cleansing", while Odinga claimed that the President's supporters were "guilty, directly, of genocide". Violence was mainly perpetrated along tribal lines; Mwai Kibaki is part of the Kikuyu tribe, the largest tribe in Kenya, while Odinga is a Luo. Violence continued until a peace deal was agreed upon between Kibaki and Odinga under the mediation of former United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan, whereby Kibaki would remain as President and Odinga would take over the newly created office of the Prime Minister.
Waki report and referral to the ICC.
As part of the mediation between Kibaki and Odinga in 2008 the two parties agreed a series of accords. One of these was to establish the Commission of Inquiry into the Post-Election Violence, chaired by Kenyan judge Philip Waki to investigate the violence and particularly the actions of the police. Waki's report recommended that the Kenyan government set up a special tribunal to prosecute those responsible for the worst crimes. and although both Kibaki and Odinga voiced support for a local tribunal, the idea was rejected by the National Assembly. Waki passed his report, including a list of the names of those he considered most responsible for the violence back to Kofi Annan with instructions that it be passed to the International Criminal Court if progress with the local tribunal was not made. On 16 July 2009 the Waki commission delivered a copy of his report along with six boxes of documents and supporting materials to the International Criminal Court along with a sealed envelope containing a list of people who could be implicated in the violence. The prosecutor, Luis Moreno Ocampo opened the envelope, inspected its contents and re-sealed it. Initially the ICC gave the Kenyan government a deadline of July 2010 to establish a local tribunal before it would refer the case to the ICC Prosecutor Luis Moreno Ocampo. The "Waki List" has so far not been made public, and there is speculation that it may contain more names than the six who were initially indicted by the ICC; consequently there have been some calls in Kenya for either the ICC or Waki to release the list.
Pre-Trial Chamber authorisation.
The International Criminal Court's prosecutor may open a formal investigation in one of three circumstances: when a situation is referred by the government of a state which the investigation concerns, when the situation is referred by the UN Security Council or under his own volition with authorisation from a Pre-Trial Chamber.
On 6 November 2009 the ICC Presidency assigned the situation in Kenya to Pre-Trial Chamber II and the prosecutor made an application to that chamber for authorisation to open a formal investigation on 26 November. The judges of the pre-trial chamber granted this authorisation on 31 March 2010. The judges who made this decision, Ekaterina Trendafilova, Hans-Peter Kaul and Cuno Tarfusser noted in their written ruling that while Article 15 of the Rome Statute does allow for the Prosecutor to investigate and prosecute a case of his own volition, this is one of the more controversial aspects of the ICC. In the ICC's history, this case was the first time the Prosecutor decided to investigate a case in this manner, with all prior cases being referred to the Court either by a national government, or by the United Nations Security Council.
Judge Hans-Peter Kaul made a dissenting opinion in the judgment, but the judgment was passed by a 2–1 majority. In his dissent he wrote: 
Suspects.
On 15 December 2010, Prosecutor Luis Moreno Ocampo named six suspects, and made an application to Pre-Trial Chamber II for summonses to be issued to them. The six men became colloquially known as the Ocampo Six (or Ocampo 6). The individuals named by Moreno Ocampo were:
Legal representation.
It was reported in 2011 that Kenyatta has recruited British lawyers Steven Kay and Gillian Higgins, who previously defended Slobodan Milosevic at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, to lead his legal team. Francis Muthaura initially appointed another British lawyer, Karim Ahmad Khan, who previously led the defence of Charles Taylor at the Special Court for Sierra Leone, and subsequently also recruited Essa Faal and Shyamala Alagendra who both formerly worked in the ICC Prosecutor's office. Ali's defence was led by Canadian John Philpot, Kosgey's by Julius Kemboi, and William Ruto appointed Dr. Kindiki Kithure and Katwa Kigeni. Kigeni is also representing Joshua Sang. The Kenyan government has agreed to pay the legal costs of Francis Muthaura and Mohamed Ali due to their actions being taken in the course of their public employment. This decision has attracted criticism from many Kenyans.
Charges.
The prosecutor presented the charges to Pre-Trial Chamber II as two separate cases, one case was the prosecution of Ali, Kenyatta, and Mathaura, and the second case is the prosecution of Kosgey, Ruto, and Sang. All six suspects were accused of crimes against humanity.
The Prosecutor v. William Samoei Ruto, Henry Kiprono Kosgey and Joshua Arap Sang.
In the case which concerns the Orange Democratic Movement's supporters' actions against the supporters of the government, William Ruto, Henry Kosgey, and Joshua Sang were charged with four counts of crimes against humanity. They were all accused of committing the crimes as indirect co-perpetrators at locations including Turbo town, the greater Eldoret area, Kapsabet town, and Nandi Hills town. Their charges were:
The Prosecutor v. Francis Kirimi Muthaura, Uhuru Muigai Kenyatta and Mohammed Hussein Ali.
In the case which concerns the government's supporters' actions against the opposition, Francis Muthaura, Uhuru Kenyatta, and Mohammed Ali were charged with five counts of crimes against humanity. They were accused of committing these crimes as indirect co-perpetrators at locations including Kisumu, Kibera, Nakuru and Naivasha:
Pre-trial phase.
Pre-Trial Chamber II ruled that there were reasonable grounds to be believe that William Ruto and Henry Kosgey were criminally responsible as indirect co-perpetrators of the crimes outlined in counts 1, 2 and 4, but in the case of Joshua Sang it ruled that his involvement was not essential to the commission of the crimes and so only ruled that there were grounds to believe he otherwise contributed to the crimes. The Chamber rejected the request by the Prosecutor to include the charge of torture in count 3. In the case of Kenyatta, Muthaura and Ali the Chamber ruled that there were reasonable grounds to believe that Uhuru Kenyatta and Francis Muthaura were guilty as indirect co-perpetrators of the crimes of which they were accused but in the case of Mohammed Ali, the Chamber ruled that his contribution was not essential to the commission of the crimes and so he was charged with having otherwise contributed.
On 8 March 2011, Pre-Trial Chamber II issued summonses to appear for all six of the suspects in the two cases. As with the decision to authorise the investigation by the Prosecutor, Judge Hans-Peter Kaul dissented and opposed the issuance of summonses.
Initial hearings.
On 7 April 2011, the initial hearing took place in the case of Ruto, Kosgey, and Sang, and the following day the corresponding hearing in the case of Kenyatta, Ali, and Mathaura also took place at the seat of the Court in The Hague. During the hearing, presiding Judge Ekaterina Trendafilova expressed concern at some of the actions of the suspects, in particular speeches that may have been made in an attempt to incite further violence in Kenya. Speaking at the initial hearing she said:
At the initial hearings the chamber set dates for the confirmation of charges hearings to take place in September 2011. An application by the Office of the Prosecutor to impose conditions on the suspects' summonses including that they provide details of all their home addresses and that they pay a bond to the Court was rejected by Judge Trendafilova.
Location of confirmation of charges hearings.
In June 2011, Pre-Trial Chamber II requested that the Prosecutor, defendants, and victims comment on the possibility of holding the confirmation of charges hearings in Kenya rather than in The Hague. This move was supported by Amnesty International, which claimed that holding the hearings in Kenya would bring the justice process closer to victims. The idea of holding the hearings in Kenya was also supported by the defendants Francis Mathaura and Henry Kosgey, with Mathaura suggesting holding the hearings in a military barracks for enhanced security as well as suggesting the possibility of holding the hearings in Arusha, Tanzania, which is the location of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda. The move was opposed by the Prosecution, who cited security concerns as an obstacle, and also by Ali, Kenyatta, Ruto, and Sang who cited the possibility that a change of venue would lead to delays in the trial process in submissions made to the Court. On 29 June Judge Trendafilova ruled that the hearings will take place at the seat of the Court in The Hague.
Confirmation of Charges Hearings.
The hearing in the case of Ruto, Kosgey and Sang took place in The Hague between 1 and 8 September 2011. The three defendants had all filed applications challenging the jurisdiction of the court which were rejected by the chamber. Although the defence teams had initially proposed calling 43 witnesses to the confirmation of charges hearings the chamber instructed them to present just two witnesses each at the confirmation hearings, which they did. Ruto and Sang additionally made unsworn statements in person.
The hearing in the case of Muthaura, Kenyatta and Ali took place between 21 September and 5 October 2011. Kenyatta and Ali submitted challenges to the court's jurisdiction which were rejected. The defence teams presented two witnesses each and Kenyatta made a sworn statement. Francis Muthaura exercised his right to make an unsworn statement.
Participation of victims.
The procedures of the ICC allow for the participation of victims who may submit views and observations to the Court and also apply for reparations. In the case of Ruto "et al." 394 victims applied to participate in the proceedings and the pre-trial chamber admitted 327 of those victims as participants. In the case of Muthaura "et al." 249 victims applied and 233 were admitted as participants.
The Prosecutor's Allegation.
Ruto et al.
The prosecutor accused the defendants of forming an organisation along with other Kalenjin people as early as 2006 with the stated purpose of removing members of the Kikuyu, Kamba and Kisii ethnic groups from the Rift Valley region of Kenya to create a large pro-ODM power base in that region. To force these communities to relocate, the group planned to inflict fear and destroy homes and property until the victims left the region.
The prosecutor alleged that on 15 April 2007 a ceremony took place at a milk plant in Molo where members of the network swore an oath of allegiance and that further meetings took place, including some which took place at William Ruto's house. In particular the prosecutor claims that a meeting took place on 22 December 2007 at Ruto's house and that guns and money were distributed to the attendees.
Sang, who at the time of the election was the presenter of a radio programme on the Kalenjin language station KASS FM was accused of using his broadcasts to spread instructions and incitements to violence.
Murder.
The charge of murder as a crime against humanity was made by the prosecutor in relation to multiple attacks that took place in the aftermath of the election. The prosecution alleges that members of the network attacked Turbo town on 30 and 31 December 2007, resulting in at least 4 deaths and with one witness claiming that he saw more than 200 dead bodies. Additionally the prosecutor alleges that network members attacked the Huruma, Kiambaa, Kimumu, Langas and Yamumbi areas of Eldoret, resulting in 70 to 87 deaths. It is alleged that during the attack in Kaimbaa several people took refuge in a church which was locked from outside and then burned down causing between 17 and 35 people to be burned to death. Additionally the prosecutor alleges that the towns of Kapsabet and Nandi Hills town were attacked by network members.
Forcible Transfer of Population.
The prosecutor claims that the network forced residents of Turbo, Eldoret, Kapsabet and Nandi Hills to leave these areas by destroying homes and that in Turbo town homes and businesses were burned with petrol. Many residents fled to police stations and at one point 7,500 displaced people were sheltering at Kapsabet police station alone.
Persecution.
The crime of persecution as a crime against humanity is defined under the Rome Statute as "the intentional and sever deprivation of fundamental rights contrary to international law by reason of the identity of the group or collectivity. The prosecutor claims that since the crimes of murder and forcible transfer of population were done against specific ethnic groups which were identified as supporters of the PNU, these crimes amount to persecution.
Muthaura et al.
The prosecutor alleges that Muthaura, Ali, Kenyatta and the leadership of the outlawed Mungiki sect "agreed to pursue an organizational policy to keep the PNU in power through every means necessary, including by orchestrating a police failure to prevent the commission of crimes". He claims that prior to the election Uhuru Kenyatta was the mediator between the PNU and the Mungiki and organised a series of meetings from November 2007 involving Muthaura, other government officials, businessmen and Mungiki leaders. Kenyatta and Muthaura are accused of providing funding, uniforms and weapons to Mungiki and pro-PNU youth to carry out their attacks. Muthaura, as chairman of the National Security Committee, and Ali as commissioner of police are accused of instructing the Kenya Police not to intervene in the attacks.
The prosecutor claims that in preparation for the post-election violence a meeting took place at the State House in Nairobi on 26 November 2007 between Muthaura, Kenyatta, Mungiki representatives and President Kibaki. During this meeting it is alleged by the anonymous "Witness 4", one of the Mungiki representatives present at the meeting that Francis Muthaura gave money to the Mungiki representatives. At a second meeting, held on 30 December Kenyatta is accused of giving some MPs and Mungiki coordinators 3.3 million Kenyan shillings each (approximately $35,000) with which to buy guns to attack Nakuru. In late January 2008, before the crimes in Naivasha, the Mungiki leader Maina Njenga was allegedly given 20 million shillings and that in return for that money and other concessions Njenga placed the Mungiki at the disposal of Muthaura and Kenyatta.
Murder.
The prosecutor alleges that murder as a crime against humanity took place in Nakuru and Naivasha. He alleges that that approximately 112 people were killed in Nakuru between 24 and 27 January 2008 and that by 31 January at least 50 people had been killed in Naivasha. One witness testified that 23 people died in Naivasha from burns including 19 who died in a single arson attack on the Kabati estate. The majority of the killings were the result of attacks with machetes and blunt instruments although guns were used in some attacks.
Forcible Transfer of Population.
The prosecution alleges that thousands of ODM supporters were forced to leave their homes in Nakuru and Naivasha. In particular 9,000 people took refuge at Naivasha police station and in Nakuru many took refuge at the Afraha stadium. It is claimed that public announcements of "Luos must leave" were made in these areas. The people displaced were mainly from the Luo, Luhya and Kalenjin ethnic groups.
Rape and other forms of sexual violence.
The prosecutor alleges than in Nakuru forty five cases of sexual violence were reported including rapes, forced male circumcisions and penile amputation. Rapes were also reported in Naivasha, as were forced circumcisions of Luo men. One witness claims that Naivasha's men were forced to remove their underwear to confirm their ethnicity and forcibly circumcised if their uncircumcised penis identified them as Luo.
Persecution and Other inhumane acts.
In relation to the charges of persecution and other inhumane acts the prosecutor cites the physical violence and destruction of property that was committed by the Mungiki members against the ODM supporters as being "other inhumane acts" which constitute crimes against humanity. Since these acts were targeted at people who were believed to support the Orange Democratic Movement or who were part of the Luo, Luhya and Kalenjin ethnic groups the prosecutor further claims that these crimes meet the definition of persecution as a crime against humanity.
Confirmation of Charges.
The outcomes of the confirmation of charges hearings were announced on 23 January 2012. Despite the ICC regulations requiring the Pre-Trial Chamber to normally issue a verdict on confirmation of charges within sixty days of the hearings taking place the chamber issued a ruling on 26 October 2011 to vary this time limit to allow both the results in both cases to be announced simultaneously.
The chamber ruled by majority (with judge Kaul dissenting) to confirm all of the charges against William Ruto and Joshua Arap Sang, to confirm all of the charges with the exception of "other forms of sexual violence" against Uhuru Kenyatta and Francis Muthaura and to decline to confirm the charges against Mohammed Hussein Ali and Henry Kosgey.
Hans-Peter Kaul's dissent.
Judge Kaul issued a dissenting opinion in both cases. In these opinions he asserted that he continues to believe that the ICC lacks jurisdiction "ratione materiae" over the situation in Kenya. His assertion was that the although crimes were committed they were not of a nature which constitute crimes against humanity within the jurisdiction of the ICC. This was the third time that Judge Kaul wrote a similar dissent opposing the prosecutions.
Effect on the Suspects.
Following the confirmation of charges Orange Democratic Movement legislators petitioned the president to dismiss Kenyatta and Muthaura from their posts. They cited an agreement signed by Kibaki as part of the implementation of the Waki Commission's report in December 2008 which states "The parties shall ensure that any person holding public office or any public servant charged with a criminal offence related to 2008 post-election violence shall be suspended from duty until the matter is fully adjudicated upon". Kenyan Attorney-General Githu Muigai issued a statement that the pair would not be required to vacate office until their appeals against the confirmation are concluded, however Kenyatta and Muthaura both resigned their posts of Finance Minister and Cabinet Secretary respectively on 26 January. Kenyatta will however retain his position of Deputy Prime Minister.
Both Uhuru Kenyatta and William Ruto have declared their candidacy in the 2012 Kenyan presidential election.
Response within Kenya.
On 22 December 2010, a week after the ICC Prosecutor announced the individuals he was seeking to prosecute, the Kenyan National Assembly passed a motion seeking to withdraw Kenya as a State Party to the Rome Statute, the treaty which established the International Criminal Court. The motion, which was introduced by Assembly Member Isaac Ruto had previously been thrown out of the National Assembly by Deputy Speaker Farah Maalim who ruled it was unconstitutional; however an amended version was introduced the following day and passed. During the debate, the Minister for Energy Kiraitu Murungi claimed the ICC was a colonialist, imperialist court. This motion did not itself affect Kenya's status as a State Party to the Rome Statute, but rather obliges ministers to move to repeal Kenya's International Crimes Act which ratified the Rome Statute and made necessarily changes to Kenyan's criminal code. In February 2011, Kenya appealed to the United Nations Security Council, asking it to defer the trials at The Hague. Some critics in Kenya have also questioned the constitutionality of the Rome Statute, arguing that it is incompatible with the Constitution of Kenya, which was passed by a referendum in 2010.
The Kenyan government's attempt to defer the cases at the ICC by appealing to members of the UN Security Council failed without being voted on, however the government, represented by British lawyers Geoffrey Nice and Rodney Dixon, have subsequently applied directly to the Court. The Kenyan government's application to Pre-Trial Chamber II that the two cases were inadmissible was rejected unanimously by the judges. Many victims of the post-election violence voiced opposition to the government's stance, and a poll of Kenyans conducted by Synovate shortly after Moreno Ocampo's announcement that he intended to seek summonses showed that sixty percent of Kenyans supported the trial of the accused taking place in The Hague.
International response.
Following Moreno Ocampo's initial announcement of his intention to bring prosecutions against the six suspects, US President Barack Obama called upon Kenya to co-operate with the ICC. In a statement he said:
The African Union endorsed the position of the Kenyan government in seeking to delay or postpone the ICC proceedings. As of 2011, all of the formal investigations which have been put before the International Criminal Court have concerned African countries, and only African defendants have been indicted. This has led to some resentment within Africa that the Court is targeting Africa unfairly. In particular the African Union has cited this geographical imbalance of ICC investigations in its decisions not to co-operate in the proceedings against Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir and Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi. The ICC Deputy Prosecutor Fatou Bensouda denied that the ICC or its prosecutors are discriminatory, speaking in Côte d'Ivoire she said: 

</doc>
<doc id="31009888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009888" title="Dragan Kresoja">
Dragan Kresoja

Dragan Kresoja (Serbian Cyrillic: Драган Кресоја, 23 March 1946 – 6 November 1996) was a Serbian film director. After working as an assistant director on a number of Yugoslav television and feature film productions throughout the 1970s he began directing in the early 1980s. Two of his films were Yugoslav submissions for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film - "The End of the War" (1984) and "The Original of the Forgery " (1991). His 1987 film "Oktoberfest" was entered into the 15th Moscow International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="31009891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009891" title="South Africa national futsal team">
South Africa national futsal team

The South Africa national futsal team is controlled by the South African Football Association, the governing body for futsal in South Africa and represents the country in international futsal competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="31009912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009912" title="William J. Waltersheid">
William J. Waltersheid

William John Waltersheid (born November 18, 1956) is an American Catholic bishop. He was appointed auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Pittsburgh on February 25, 2011, and consecrated a bishop on April 25, 2011.
Biography.
William John Waltersheid was born in Ashland, Pennsylvania on November 18, 1956. After his high school graduation, Waltersheid worked in healthcare, graduating from the Pottsville Hospital School of Nursing in 1983. He entered seminary in 1985, graduating from St. John Seminary College in Brighton, Massachusetts. He went on for theological studies at the Pontifical Gregorian University, receiving a degree in Theology and a Licentiate in Dogmatic Theology in 1991. 
Waltersheid was ordained a priest of the Diocese of Harrisburg on July 11, 1992. He remained in Rome for further studies until 1995, after which he was appointed vicar at a parish in Steelton. Returning to Rome, he served on the faculty of the Pontifical North American College until 2003. He served as pastor at St. Patrick Parish, Carlisle, PA from June 2003 to June 2006. He served as Diocesan Secretary for Clergy and Consecrated Life in Harrisburg starting in June 2006.
Waltersheid was appointed auxiliary bishop of the Diocese of Pittsburgh with the titular see of California on February 25, 2011. On March 11, 2011, the Diocese of Pittsburgh announced that Bishop David Zubik would appoint him Episcopal Vicar for Clergy and Secretary for Clergy. Waltersheid was consecrated on Easter Monday, April 25, 2011, at St. Paul's Cathedral in Pittsburgh. 
His episcopal motto is "Ecce Mater Tua" (Latin for "Behold thy mother", from ).

</doc>
<doc id="31009921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009921" title="Cameroon national futsal team">
Cameroon national futsal team

The Cameroon national futsal team is controlled by the Fédération Camerounaise de Football, the governing body for futsal in Cameroon and represents the country in international futsal competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="31009959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009959" title="Boileau premetro station">
Boileau premetro station

The Boileau premetro station is part of the Brussels Metro system. It is located in the municipality of Etterbeek in the Brussels-Capital Region of Belgium. The station opened on 30 January 1975. Named for the nearby Rue Boileaustraat, it is situated on the Sint-Michielslaan/Boulevard Saint-Michel section of the greater ring adjacent to the Boileau tunnel. It is the southernmost and last of the four stations on the greater ring premetro, connecting by Montgomery metro station to the north and the street-level tram halts at Pétillon metro station to the south. The station is served by the 7 and 25 trams and the 36 bus. The Thieffry metro station is situated close by to the east.
History.
This metro station is named after the great Boileau Alexis.

</doc>
<doc id="31009960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009960" title="Denmark national futsal team">
Denmark national futsal team

The Denmark national futsal team is controlled by the Danish Football Association, the governing body for futsal in Denmark and represents the country in international futsal competitions, such as the FIFA Futsal World Cup and UEFA Futsal Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="31009967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009967" title="Potton municipal election, 2009">
Potton municipal election, 2009

The 2009 Potton municipal election took place on November 1, 2009, to elect a mayor and councillors in Potton, Quebec.
Results.
Source: Résultats 2009, Affairs municipales, Régions, et Occupations du territoire.

</doc>
<doc id="31009971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009971" title="Daud Rahbar">
Daud Rahbar

Daud Rahbar (1926 - October 5, 2013) was a scholar of Comparative religions, Arabic, Persian, Urdu literature and Indian classical music. Rahbar is regarded as accomplished essayist, poet, composer, short story writer, translator, philosopher, contributor to inter-civilization dialogue, musicologist, drummer, singer and guitarist. He translated his own Urdu works to English, such as "The Cup of Jamshid: A Collection of Ghazal Poetry" and then translated the "Urdu letters of Mirzā Asadu’lldh Khān Ghālib".
After a teaching career in England, Canada, Turkey and the United States, he retired as Professor Emeritus of Comparative religions from Boston University in 1991.
Early life.
Daud Rahbar grew up in Model Town, Lahore, Pakistan between 1929 and 1949. The town was the first cooperative society in the Indian subcontinent, a suburb based on the design of a Hindu architect, Divan Khem Chand. The town was autonomous from Lahore City’s jurisdiction, and sectioned into blocks. Each block was populated by either Muslims, Sikhs or Hindus (where the Hindus constitute the largest community). He remarked that his close association with Hindus “made the love of Hindu communities a natural condition of soul." His childhood was spent writing poetry (he took the pen name 'Rahbar' at the age of eight), gardening and walking with his father while discussing Arabic and Persian literature. He was an excellent tennis player.
Family.
Rahbar's father, Dr. Muhammad Iqbal (1894-1948), was named after Sir Muhammad Iqbal. He graduated with an M.A in Arabic and was the recipient of a State scholarship from the University of Cambridge. He studied under Arabist Professors Edward G. Browne, R.A. Nicholson and Anthony Ashley Bevan. After receiving his PhD, Iqbal was appointed Professor of Persian language at the University of the Punjab in 1922 and remained for 26 years. He was later appointed President of Oriental College, Lahore.
Rahbar had five siblings. Rahbar married Sabiha Ahmed on 9 April 1950. The couple had two daughters, Sameera and Anisa. Sabiha's father Aga Ghiassudin Ahmed, was a lawyer and botanist and President of Agricultural College in Lyallpur (now University of Agriculture, Faisalabad). Sabiha was a poet as well, although she never received recognition.
His first cousin, Zia Mohyeddin, is a well-known media personality and artist from Pakistan, who played the lead role in "Passage to India on Broadway" and in several British television specials and movies.
Education.
Rahbar graduated from the Government College, Lahore with an M.A in Arabic in 1947. He received the McLeod Research Scholarship and was hired on to teach Arabic literature at Oriental College, Lahore, where his father was President. In 1949, Rahbar went to Cambridge University and completed his PhD dissertation entitled "Studies in the Ethical Doctrine of the Qur'an" under the supervision of Reuben Levy. After a short time in Lahore, Rahbar accepted the position of Senior Teaching Fellow at McGill University, Canada, in 1954, at the invitation of Wilfred Cantwell Smith. In 1956 he was appointed to the chair of Urdu and Pakistan studies at Ankara University, Turkey, where he stayed until 1959. In 1959, he began lecturing in Islamic studies as well as enrolling in Christian theology seminars at the Hartford Seminary Foundation, Connecticut, USA.
In 1962, he was appointed Visiting Professor of Urdu and Pakistan studies at Hartford Seminary Foundation and was awarded tenure from 1962 to 1966. In 1964, he took a two year leave to teach at University of Wisconsin-Madison, where he began a systematic study of Indian and Western classical music, concentrating on achieving mastery of Indian classical vocal genres. In that same period, he began writing English poetry with the encouragement of David McCord and Louis Untermeyer.
In 1967, Rahbar joined the faculty of Boston University where he taught until his retirement in 1991: initially at the School of Theology and from 1975 onwards at the Department of Religion in the College of Liberal Arts, where he was one of the department's most popular teachers, his courses on eastern religions enrolling hundreds of students each semester.
Lahore International Islamic Colloquium.
On January 2, 1958, he presented a paper to the International Islamic Colloquium in Lahore, the second of its kind that brought scholars of Islamic subjects together from across the world. Rahbar's paper, entitled "The Challenge of Muslim Ideas and Social Values to Muslim Society" produced criticism from conference attendees, to the point that he was not allowed to return to the platform to explain his points. Rahbar maintains that it was "an innocent and mild statement" that he did not perceive to be "radically unorthodox." The opposing members of the conference asked the paper to be withdrawn later that day, but eventually agreed that an amended edition should be written. In the October 1958 issue of "The Muslim World", the paper was published with an introductory note outlining the objections of the council and the amendments made thereafter. In his introductory note, Rahbar explained that much of the controversy was due to the inherent brevity of the statements. Therefore, he hoped that the expanded treatment would clarify those objections raised at the colloquium.
Contributor to Inter-Civilizational and Interfaith Dialogue.
Rahbar was raised as Muslim but converted to Christianity as a professor at Ankara University. He records in his memoir that he was baptized as a Christian by a Protestant United States Air Force Chaplain, Meredith Smith, in Ankara, on 6 July 1959. Rahbar noted that his conversion was not a result of the 1958 Colloquium, but was more closely related to the memories of Partition of India and the then environment in Turkey. He stated that the "categorical mercy" of the New Testament and the "Christian world seemed to...offer a spiritual home" from his growing pessimism. A couple of months later, Rahbar wrote "A letter to Christian and Muslim Friends" as a confession of faith.
This confession, however, was not fully accepted by some Muslim intellectuals. Khaled Ahmed, a Pakistani political and cultural analyst, stated that Rahbar's supposed conversion to Christianity was nothing more than a "myth created in Lahore" by those who did not fully understand "what he really stood for." He maintained that Rahbar's "entire career has been a defence of Islam" and that "anyone who has read his "Kalchar Kay Ruhani Anasir" (Spiritual Elements of Culture)" will no longer need to question his faith, but rather realize that "he is tolerant of all faiths because he known the essence of them all." His continued respect and appreciation for the Prophet Muhammad and Islam is demonstrated in his published writings.
In the published version of his dissertation, "God of Justice: A Study in the Ethical Doctrine of the Qur'an" published by E. J. Brill in 1960, Rahbar advanced the position that God's mercy is always subordinate to justice, so mercy is only available to believers.
Contributions to Poetry & Classical Music Theory and Composition.
Throughout his academic career, Rahbar continued to make significant contributions to Urdu literature and music. He performed in concerts and poetry readings both in the United States and Pakistan. His love was for classical South Asian music, particularly the Agra School. His flair for poetic expression is infused throughout his autobiography, "Memories and Meanings." "Music has been my solace for the last forty years," he wrote. "Without it I perhaps could not have been a friend to myself and to others. Music and poetry have made life easier for me everywhere and at every stage of my adult life.". His published works in the field of Urdu literature include:
Death.
Daud Rahbar died at a nursing home in Deerfield Beach, Florida on October 5, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="31009989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009989" title="Prisoners' Advice Service">
Prisoners' Advice Service

Prisoners' Advice Service PAS is a London-based registered charity in England and Wales that provides free, confidential legal advice and representation to prisoners regarding their rights, the application of prison rules and conditions of imprisonment. PAS takes up prisoners’ complaints about their treatment inside prison by providing free advice and taking legal action where appropriate. PAS provides assistance on an individual and confidential basis, taking legal action where appropriate. PAS runs the Prisoners’ Legal Rights group, which produces a quarterly bulletin entitled ‘Prisoners’ Rights’. Membership of the group includes prisoners, solicitors, barristers, academics and non-governmental organisations (NGOs). 
PAS was set up in 1991 by organisations working with prisoners, including Liberty, the Howard League for Penal Reform and Nacro. PAS was set up because some people from these organisations felt, due to increasing demand for legal advice, a new charitable organisation was required to deal with the large number of requests for legal advice that they were receiving from prisoners. This has had an impact on Criminal justice. 
The Chair of the Prisoners' Advice Service Management Committee, Rikki Garg, is a specialist in prison and mental health law. He has been a member of the Law Society’s Mental Health Panel since 1995. He is currently Chair of the Prisoners’ Advice Service and is a founding member of the Association of Prison Lawyers (APL) and the current Treasurer. Also on the Committee is Simon Creighton, co-author with Hamish Arnott of Prisoners: Law and Practice 
Erwin James, a former prisoner, wrote a regular column for "The Guardian", and continues to write as well as do charity work after his release. While in prison he did not receive fees for his articles instead these were paid to the charity, Prisoners' Advice Service who had helped him. 
In July 2008 Matthew Evans, managing solicitor for Prisoners' Advice Service wrote an article in Inside Time arguing that Local authorities and health bodies have in fact the same housing, community care and health care powers and duties in relation to released prisoners as they do to any other individual and that all statutory duties may be enforced in public law judicial review proceedings. Public funding is available for such proceedings, which can be very effective in obtaining emergency injunctive relief, compelling the authority to assess for services. 
Law changing legal action.
In June 2010, Deborah Russo, a solicitor at PAS instructed barristers in a case about Home Detention Curfew and Electronic tagging. The judgment in this case of the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom means that hundreds of low risk prisoners will have to have their release dates urgently re-calculated and they will be released on Home Detention Curfew where appropriate.
Encouraging political change in Her Majesty's Prison Service.
In the New Statesman Crime Report of June 2010 Matthew Evans writes that the opinion of PAS is that the Parole Board for England and Wales is now so risk averse that it seriously raises questions about its perceived independence from the state and its institutions. PAS say that the system is at breaking point, with prisoners suffering endless delays in getting a hearing, spending far longer in prisons that have no facilities or courses for them to complete in order to show a reduction in risk and far longer in open conditions before they are considered suitable for release. PAS also argues that the taking of politics and political partisan competition out of law and order would be a major step to resolving and escaping from the cell of penal populism. 
Matthew Evans also wrote a warning in July 2010 in the Solicitors Journal about prisoners' vulnerability and the impact of Kenneth Clarke's review of legal aid. He argued that a lawyer often needs to say that the prisoner has the entitlement, for example as a disabled person, for the prison to consider reasonable adjustments to their accommodation, or that prison service policy based on a fixed expectation that a child be taken from their imprisoned mother at 18 months should be subject to some degree of flexibility.
Prisoners' voting rights.
PAS supports the repeal of the absolute ban of convicted prisoners voting, Matthew Evans wrote in the Legal Action Group Journal in December 2010 that as things stand, the UK’s 85,393-strong prison population that he ironically says are (all avowed Conservative Party voters, according to some media reports) are barred from voting in elections under Representation of the People Act 1983 s3. In Hirst v UK (No 2) App No 74025/01, 30 March 2004, the European Court of Human Rights (ECtHR) ruled unanimously that the maintenance of an absolute bar on convicted prisoners voting was in breach of article 3 of Protocol No 1 to the European Convention on Human Rights (right to free and fair elections).
External links.
Online

</doc>
<doc id="31009990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31009990" title="Norway national futsal team">
Norway national futsal team

The Norway national futsal team is controlled by the Football Association of Norway, the governing body for futsal in Norway and represents the country in international futsal competitions, such as World Cup and the European Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="31010003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010003" title="San Marino national futsal team">
San Marino national futsal team

The San Marino national futsal team is controlled by the San Marino Football Federation, the governing body for futsal in San Marino and represents the country in international futsal competitions, such as World Cup and the European Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="31010027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010027" title="Tell 'Em Steve-Dave!">
Tell 'Em Steve-Dave!

Tell 'Em Steve-Dave! is a weekly podcast that is released Fridays on the SModcast Podcast Network. It is hosted by View Askew Productions regulars and close friends of Kevin Smith, Bryan Johnson, Walt Flanagan, as well as the Brian Quinn. They are also joined regularly by Ming Chen, who works on the many View Askew websites. On occasion, the group has also been joined by Sunday Jeff, who works the Sunday shift at Jay and Silent Bob's Secret Stash. Jeff was also a host on the podcast Puck Nuts. Johnson played Steve-Dave and Flanagan played Fanboy who yelled "Tell 'em, Steve-Dave!" in "Mallrats" and "".
As of May 2014 they have released 201 episodes of the podcast, as well as 13 bonus podcasts which can be purchased on their bandcamp page although one of the podcasts is a bonus Puck Nuts episode which the hosts also appear on. Additionally the first annual Tell 'Em Steve-Dave Christmas-Pod was released on Black Friday of 2011.
The podcast is recorded at Jay and Silent Bob's Secret Stash in Red Bank, New Jersey.
History.
The podcast was originally the idea of Bryan Johnson. Walt Flanagan was not inclined to do the show at first, but agreed to do it because he thought it would help make Bryan, his friend, happy. Bryan later described his reason for starting the show: "I had no direction, was a depressed mess of a human being, didn't know what to do next". A running theme/joke of the first episodes was the idea that Bryan and/or Walt would quit the show for various reasons. 
Their mutual friend Brian Quinn (or Q) was originally supposed to be technical help with the sound board &etc but eventually his role morphed into co-host. The shows were originally recorded in Jay and Silent Bob's Secret Stash after closing hours. The first show was recorded in late 2009 but didn't air until the beginning of 2010. Declan Quinn worked on audio issues. Various friends and associates dropped in for guest appearances. Ming almost became the 4th member but he felt the show was better with three people.
The show was almost titled 'Joint Counterjoint'. That was nixed quickly after discussions with Kevin Smith, who planned to make the show part of his nascent SModcast Network. "Tell 'em Steve-Dave" became both the title of the show and the 'sign off' which Walt would use as a sort of marker to end the show. 
The show influenced the creation of the 2012 AMC TV reality show Comic Book Men. The show is set in the Stash and the cast includes Walt, Bryan, Ming, Mike, and Kevin. A producer on Smith's film Red State knew someone at AMC and talked to Smith about doing a TV show. Smith had the idea of a comic store version of Pawn Stars. The network liked it and the search for a suitable store began. An AMC producer heard the TESD podcast, and this eventually led to the show being set in the Secret Stash store itself. Quinn was not on the show because, according to him, AMC didn't want to share him with rival network Tru TV, where he was doing Impractical Jokers. Johnson can be seen wearing a TESD shirt during many episodes of the show. His arm tattoo also features a zombified picture of his niece wearing a TESD shirt.
Awards and Recognition.
In 2010 Tell 'Em Steve Dave! won two Podcast Awards, one for People's Choice and the other as Best Comedy. The show was also named a best of 2010 audio podcast by iTunes. Winner of the 2012 Stitcher Award for Best Entertainment & Pop Culture.
Tell 'Em Steve-Dave! Overkill.
Sixteen episodes were made exclusively for Zune in 2011. A seventeenth episode was recorded but never released. As of January 2013, all Overkill episodes including the seventeenth unreleased episode are available for purchase from the Tell em Steve-Dave page on the Bandcamp website.
Space Monkeys.
Brian Quinn and Bryan Johnson created the podcast "Space Monkeys" as a companion to "Tell 'Em Steve-Dave!" to talk about the hot button issues that Walter Flanagan would rather not touch on. They completed a sold out tour of three English cities in 2011.
Live Tell 'Em Steve-Dave!
Live Nude SMod 3 The Southworst Tour.
Also with "SModcast"

</doc>
<doc id="31010034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010034" title="Arabic miniature">
Arabic miniature

Arabic miniatures are small paintings on paper, whether book illustrations or separate works of art. Arabic miniature art dates to the late 7th century. Arabs depended on such art not only to satisfy their artistic taste, but also for scientific explanations.

</doc>
<doc id="31010038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010038" title="Shane Horo">
Shane Horo

Shane Horo is a New Zealand rugby league player who represented his country in the 1988 World Cup. His brother, Mark, was also a New Zealand international and his nephew, Justin, currently plays in the NRL.
Playing career.
Horo originally played in the Waikato Rugby League and represented Waikato. In 1985 he was selected for the New Zealand Kiwis but did not play a Test Match. He spent the 1984 season in the Northland Rugby League competition and represented Northland.
He then moved to Auckland and competed in the Auckland Rugby League. In 1986, while playing for the Te Atatu Roosters, he won the ARL's Tetley Trophy after scoring the most tries in the competition. Horo later moved to the Northcote Tigers and represented Auckland. He played in three Test Matches for the New Zealand Kiwis between 1987 and 1988. 
Horo spent two seasons in England, playing for the Leigh Centurions in the 1987/88 season and the Castleford Tigers in the 1988/89 season.

</doc>
<doc id="31010039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010039" title="Frank Seward">
Frank Seward

Frank Martin Seward (April 7, 1921 – April 12, 2004) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball. He played for the New York Giants.

</doc>
<doc id="31010043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010043" title="Switzerland national futsal team">
Switzerland national futsal team

The Switzerland national futsal team is controlled by the Swiss Football Association, the governing body for futsal in Switzerland and represents the country in international futsal competitions, such as World Cup and the European Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="31010047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010047" title="Potton municipal election, 2005">
Potton municipal election, 2005

The 2005 Potton municipal election took place on November 6, 2005, to elect a mayor and councillors in Potton, Quebec.
Results.
"Source: "Meet your new municipal councils," Sherbrooke Record, 8 November 2005, p. 7."

</doc>
<doc id="31010057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010057" title="Free Society of Lovers of Literature, Science, and the Arts">
Free Society of Lovers of Literature, Science, and the Arts

The Free Society of Lovers of Literature, Science, and the Arts () was a Russian literary and political society active in the early 19th Century.
The precursor to the Society was founded by a group of secondary school graduates from the gymnasium of the Imperial Academy of Sciences in St. Petersburg on July 15, 1801.
The founders included Ivan Born, Vasili Popugaev, Vasili Krasovsky, Alexei Volkov, Mikhail Mikhailov, and Vasili Dmitriev. The original name chosen by the group was "Friendly Society of Afficianados of Elegance", but this was soon changed.
According to Nikolai Grech, the founders of the Society "were prepared for a strenuous and exacting study of literature". Born, Popugaev, and the others were to demonstrate the erudition obtained from their studies of science and the humanities at the gymnasium. All the members were fluent in French, and some in German, English, and Italian.
Dmitriev worked in the field of astronomy, Volkov later in chemistry, and Krasovsky in physics and mineralogy; Popugaev was also learned in science.
In 1802 the membership of the Society grew considerably with the addition of the poets Alexander Vostokov, Ivan Pnin, Gavril Kamenev, Alexander Izmailov, Nikolai Ostolopov, and the sons of Alexander Radishchev, Nicholas and Vasili.
In 1802 and 1803 the Society published the first part of its two-part anthology "Scroll of the Muses".
On November 26, 1803, the Society was officially recognized and its charter approved. 
In 1804 the Society started a magazine, "The Review", which only published one issue.
In 1807 D. I. Jazyko, representing the conservative wing of the Society, replaced Born as president.
In 1811, membership fees were abolished some other changes in the Society's rules were made.
With the French invasion of Russia in 1812, the Society temporarily suspended operations. Meetings were resumed in 1816 under the chairmanship of A. E. Izmailov and continued until 1826. In this third phase of the Society's existence, the Society saw the influx of a large number of new members which had a major impact on its direction. These included Fyodor Glinka, Anton Delvig, Wilhelm Küchelbecker, Yevgeny Baratynsky, Orest Somov, Alexei Martos, and Kondraty Ryleyev.

</doc>
<doc id="31010066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010066" title="Butterfly Kisses (Shades of Grace)">
Butterfly Kisses (Shades of Grace)

Butterfly Kisses (Shades of Grace) is the third studio album by American Christian music artist Bob Carlisle. It was released by Diadem/Jive Records on May 13, 1997. The album peaked at No. 1 on the Billboard 200.

</doc>
<doc id="31010078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010078" title="Vascular ring connector">
Vascular ring connector

Vascular ring connector is a licensed medical implant in the United States and Taiwan. It is a titanic ring used as a stent in the vascular graft to achieve a quick, blood-sealed, and sutureless anastomosis. There are two furrows on the surface of the ring: the narrow furrow is used for fixation of the ring to the vascular graft by sutures and the wider furrow used for fixation of the vascular graft to the aorta by Dacron tapes. The tapes used to tie against the ring provide increased contact surface between the graft and the aorta than traditional stitches, thus provides stronger anastomosis and better surgical results. Further clinical experiences are being accumulated at some hospitals in Taiwan.
Implantation technique: https://sites.google.com/site/vascularringconnector/movie-1

</doc>
<doc id="31010093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010093" title="Yuck (album)">
Yuck (album)

Yuck is the debut studio album from the English indie rock band Yuck. The album was released for both CD and digital download on 15 February 2011 on the Fat Possum Records label in the United States and on 21 February 2011 on the Mercury Records label in the United Kingdom.
Background.
Formed by Daniel Blumberg and Max Bloom, the pair began writing what would be "Yuck" material together after leaving their previous group Cajun Dance Party in 2008. Having already released two singles on vinyl only ("Rubber", and "Georgia") in early 2010, and after adding the likes of Jonny Rogoff on drums and Mariko Doi on bass (who had just recently left the group Levelload) the group began recording what would be their debut LP in the summer of the same year.
Yuck released their first single, "Holing Out", in promotion of the album on 20 February 2011.
Track listing.
All songs written and composed by Daniel Blumberg & Max Bloom, except tracks 9 and 11 composed by Max Bloom.
On 11 October, Fat Possum released a Deluxe Edition of Yuck's debut album. The Deluxe Edition has a 2nd CD / LP that includes 6 B-sides.
Reviews.
Yuck received positive reviews from music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 81, based on 35 reviews, indicating "Universal acclaim". Allmusic gave the album 4 out of 5 stars, saying, ""Yuck" is an impressively assured debut from such a young band. Their love of shoegaze and loud/quiet '90s guitar rock is unadulterated and it translates into the songs and the sound, making it a pure and easy-to-love album for all those who have ever been fans themselves." Robert Christgau gave it an A-. Consequence of Sound gave it 4.5 stars out of 5, saying "It’s a refreshingly diverse album consisting of a dozen songs as enthralling as those from any of the band’s influences." Pitchfork gave it an 8.1 out of 10. Rolling Stone gave the album a 4 out of 5 also, saying, "Yuck channel their college-rock jones with skill and charm, balancing in-the-red guitar fuzz with melodic sweetness." Critics have also compared their sound to other bands such as My Bloody Valentine, Dinosaur Jr., Sonic Youth, Teenage Fanclub and Pavement. "Stereogum" placed the album at number 13 on its list of the "Top 50 Albums of 2011", with "Spin" placing the album at number 31 on its list of the "50 Best Albums of 2011".

</doc>
<doc id="31010100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010100" title="Robert Edmund O'Malley">
Robert Edmund O'Malley

Robert Edmund O'Malley Jr. (born 1939) is an American mathematician.
Professor O'Malley studied electrical engineering and mathematics at the University of New Hampshire where he received his baccalaureate degree in 1960 and his master's in 1961. He then studied differential equations and singular perturbations at Stanford University where he received his doctorate in mathematics in 1966. After brief appointments at the University of North Carolina (Chapel Hill), Bell Telephone Laboratories, the Courant Institute (New York University), and the Mathematics Research Center (the University of Wisconsin, Madison), Professor O'Malley returned to New York University in 1968. He remained there, doing research on asymptotic methods and singular perturbations with J.B. Keller and a number of other stimulating colleagues and students. Professor O'Malley spent a year at the University of Edinburgh, where his lecture notes formed the basis of his book, "Introduction to Singular Perturbations" (Academic Press, 1974). In 1973, he moved to the University of Arizona (Tucson) where he later organized a successful interdisciplinary program in applied mathematics, and where he applied singular perturbation ideas in control theory. After a sabbatical at Stanford University, Professor O'Malley moved to Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute (Troy, New York) in 1981. At Rensselaer, he headed a mathematical sciences department which emphasized applied mathematics and computer science. There, he was active in campus affairs and served as the Chairman of the Faculty and the Ford Foundation Professor. Soon after a sabbatical at the Technical University of Vienna, where Professor O'Malley studied asymptotic methods in semiconductor modeling, he moved to the University of Washington, Seattle.
Professor O'Malley is currently at the University of Washington Department of Applied Mathematics as an emeritus faculty member. He served as the President of the Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics (SIAM) (1991-1992). In 2009 he became a SIAM Fellow. In 2012 he became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society.
Work.
Professor O'Malley's current research emphasizes the relationship between singular perturbation theory and various regularization methods for differential-algebraic systems, geometric approaches to understanding the limiting solutions to singularly perturbed boundary value problems, the motion of shock layers and other interfaces, the interplay between asymptotic and numerical methods, and tough problems of asymptotic matching. He continues to collaborate with an international collection of interesting characters, and receives support for his scholarly work from the National Science Foundation.
O'Malley is known for several pioneering contributions to singular perturbation theory and applications.
Professor O'Malley has been especially active as a member of SIAM, the Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics. He was president of SIAM in 1991 and 1992, and has been vice-president in charge of their publication program which encompasses ten journals and several book series. Among his other positions with SIAM has been that of program chair for several meetings including ICIAM `91, the second international industrial and applied mathematics conference, which drew 2,200 participants.
Dr. O'Malley serves on a number of boards, including advisory committees for the National Institute of Standards and Technology, the Electric Power Research Institute, and Argonne National Laboratory, and more generally as a spokesperson for applied mathematics

</doc>
<doc id="31010101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010101" title="List of programs aired by Solar News Channel/Radio Philippines Network">
List of programs aired by Solar News Channel/Radio Philippines Network

Programs previously aired by the Radio Philippines Network and Solar News Channel (since December 1, 2013) broadcasts a variety of programming through its VHF terrestrial television station RPN-9 Manila. This article also includes shows previously aired by RPN as itself, Kanlaon Broadcasting System, New Vision 9, C/S 9, Solar TV and ETC. For the currently aired shows on Solar News Channel of the network, please see the List of programs broadcast by Solar News Channel.
Local defunct shows.
News.
¹With ETC
Reality.
¹With ETC
Religious.
¹With ETC
Foreign/canned defunct shows.
American TV shows.
¹with ETC/SNC
Sports shows.
ABC Wide World of Sports (1987-1991)
Special events.
"(*RPN was the official TV network of the Miss Universe Pageant in Manila in 1974.)"
TV Specials.
¹With ETC/SNC
Holy Week specials.
¹in cooperation with Solar

</doc>
<doc id="31010112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010112" title="George D. Baker">
George D. Baker

George Duane Baker (April 22, 1868 – June 2, 1933) was an American motion picture director whose career began near the dawn of the silent film era.
Early life.
He was born at Champaign, Illinois on April 22, 1868.
He was the second son and third child of Arminta and Charles E. Baker. Three or four years later a baby girl would close the gender gap before Baker’s father, an accountant and financial advisor, chose to relocate his family to the rural town of Beatrice, Nebraska sometime in the early 1880s. Upon his high school graduation, Charles Baker offered his son two options, a traditional college education or art classes in Paris. George Baker declined both offers and chose instead to attend the Dramatic Conservatory of Chicago, where he may have first met Walker Whiteside, another student of Prof. Kayzer's from around that time.
Career.
He debuted with the young Shakespearian actor Walker Whiteside in "Hamlet" as Laertes and would later tour with companies headed by Nance O'Neil, McKee Rankin, David Higgins, Russ Wytal Brady and others. Baker spent a number of seasons in vaudeville with Sadie Martinot, Marie Dupont and Eva Taylor. He later worked as a producer, actor and playwright in partnership with James W. Castle on theatrical productions of Graustark, based on the book by George Barr McCutcheon and The Brothers Grimm fairy tale, "The Goose Girl". Baker would some years later adapt both stories for film. Baker also penned the plays "His Brother’s Birthright" and "As the Sun Went Down".
Sometime around 1908 Baker joined Vitagraph Studios and began directing comedies starring John Bunny and Flora Finch and later went on direct such films as "The Dust of Egypt", "Tarantula", "A Night Out" and "A Price for Folly". After three and a half years with Vitagraph, Baker joined Metro Studios where he soon rose to the position of Director General of Metro’s West Coast productions.
While vacation in New York, after four years with Metro, Baker received a number of tempting job offers from competing studios. He chose instead to take advantage of his popularity by severing his ties with Metro to work as a freelance director on projects of his own choosing. George Baker wrote the scenarios for a number of the films and was responsible for almost all the continuity work on films he directed. He continued to work well into the 1920s before retiring in his late Fifties.
Death.
Besides his stage and film work, Baker had also done illustrations for newspapers and magazines and was known as an accomplished still photographer. He was well read with a special interest in the arts. George Duane Baker died at the age of sixty-five on June 2, 1933 at Hollywood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="31010130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010130" title="Ghana national futsal team">
Ghana national futsal team

The Ghana national futsal team is controlled by the Ghana Football Association, the governing body for futsal in Ghana and represents the country in international futsal competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="31010161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010161" title="Simon Steur">
Simon Steur

Simon Steur (born 28 November 1989) is a Belgian house producer/dj who has done releases on labels such as Black Hole Recordings (the former label of DJ Tiësto), Sneakerz MUZIK (Spinnin' Records Holland) and remixes for no less than Bruno Mars, Freestylers, Patric La Funk, and more.
2009 - 2010.
Simon first emerged in Summer 2009 with a release on the Sneakerz MUZIK imprint. The track "Scrambled Eggs" was a collaboration with his elder brother Jonas Steur and was featured on the summer EP. He also made his first appearance on Black Hole Recordings, remixing for his brother and Stephen Pickup.
Simon was picked up at this time by several of the top house DJs in the world. His bootleg/edit of the popular track "Modjo - Lady", which he made with a friend, was one of the most played tracks of summer 2009 and well into 2010 as well.
2010 - 2011.
The year where it really happened for simon was 2010. His first solo releases appeared on both Sneakerz MUZIK and Black Hole Recordings. Being picked up by dj's world wide. It also sparked the interest of Big Beat (Atlantic Records, New York) who were really into his music. This ended up in Simon remixing the first debut single of Bruno Mars. "Just The Way You Are" was a world class #1 hit and Simon was asked to the official Club mix of the track, which did very well in the dance charts and got picked up by several top dj's in the scene.
In 2010 Simon also remixed Patric La Funk, and many others.

</doc>
<doc id="31010174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010174" title="Kenza Fourati">
Kenza Fourati

Kenza Fourati (Arabic: كنزة الفراتي) is a Tunisian model.
Early life.
Fourati was born in Lille, France, but moved to Tunisia with her family when she was two months old. Her father is Ali Fourati and Ahmed ellouze is her boy friend. She attended a French high school there and began modeling after graduation. Shortly thereafter, Fourati moved to Paris. Fourati graduated with degrees in Literature and Fine Arts from L'Universite de la Sorbonne in Paris. She also studied filmmaking and acting in London.
Career.
In 2002, Fourati finished in third place in the Elite Model Look competition at the age of 15 and signed with Elite Model Management. She has appeared in numerous international magazines, such as "Vogue Paris", "Elle", "Marie Claire", "L'officiel Voyage", "Grazia", and "GQ", and has walked the runway for Armani, Valentino, Ferre, Jean Paul Gaultier, Stella McCartney, Vivienne Westwood, Celine, and Tommy Hilfiger. Fourati appeared in the "Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue" in 2011. In an interview with Global Grind, Fourati said, “I grew up in a Muslim culture, but I can still be a swimsuit model too! Why should the two be exclusive? It is not…I am very supported back home.”
Post-revolution, Fourati has been an advocate for artistic expression in Tunisia: “We are at a point now in Tunisia where we are free. We should be able to portray art like this if we want to, as the extremists are allowed to express themselves, too. That is a debate that we want to create, but it must be a peaceful one.” As the first Arab Muslim model to be featured in the magazine, she raised debates in Tunisian society and abroad about what it means to be Muslim and about variety within the religion. In August 2011, during the 2011 month of Ramadhan, Fourati appeared in a bikini on the cover of "Tunivisions", which created controversy.
In 2005, she appeared in the film "Frankie" alongside Diane Kruger. In October 2010, with Tunisian actor Dhaffer L'Abidine, Fourati co-hosted the opening and closing ceremonies of the Carthage Film Festival.
Personal life.
She resides in New York.

</doc>
<doc id="31010205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010205" title="Afghanistan national futsal team">
Afghanistan national futsal team

The Afghanistan national futsal team is controlled by the Afghanistan Football Federation, the governing body for futsal in Afghanistan and represents the country in international futsal competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="31010222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010222" title="Did It On'em">
Did It On'em

"Did It On'em" is a song by American recording artist Nicki Minaj. It was written by Minaj with J. Ellington, Safaree Samuels, and Shondrae "Bangladesh" Crawford, who produced the track. The song served as the fourth single from her debut album, "Pink Friday", in the United States. 
The song has a distinct sound when compared to the rest of the tracks on the album, in that it contains a harder, "massive, ungainly" beat, reflecting her prior work on mixtapes. It also features hi-hats in "overdrive" and multiple synth patterns sounding as if a car-alarm siren was going off. Lyrically, Minaj delivers explicit phrases talking about winning over her competition. 
Critics positively reviewed the song, noting it as a highlight of the album. "Did It On'em" reached number forty-nine on the US "Billboard" Hot 100, and reached the top five on the US R&B/Hip-Hop Songs and US Rap Songs charts. A music video was released for the track, featuring Minaj behind-the-scenes and performing on the I Am Still Music Tour.
Composition.
"Did It On'em" is a hardcore hip hop and post-dubstep song that has instrumentally been described as having a massive, ungainly beat. Producer Bangladesh creates hi-hats that have been described as on overdrive. Multiple synths are heard on the track that have been described as blowing up like "a car-alarm siren." One of Minaj's more lyrically explicit songs, the lyrics speak of Minaj winning over her competition, in phrases such as saying she "shitted on 'em" or "pissed on 'em." Brad Wete of "Entertainment Weekly" said Minaj was "ordering her Barbies to put up two fingers if they’re crapping on their competition." Mark Hogan of "Spin" also reviewed the lyrics, commenting "she pulls out an imagined 'dick' and pisses on a washed-up rival."
Reception.
"Did It On'em" received critical acclaim from critics, many of which found the song reminiscent of an Minaj's previous style of rapping. Scott Plagenhoef of "Pitchfork Media" gave the song a positive review naming it the record's best track, due to the fact that it features Minaj going "toe-to-toe with a huge beat." Additionally from "Pitchfork", Tom Breihan stated that Minaj's voice is meant more for rapping than singing and favored "Did It On'em" on that thought. Breihan continued complimenting Minaj, stating that the song recognizes how "beautifully, effortlessly weird she is," and how she is willing to "contort her voice and persona into pretzel shapes just to induce that oh-shit face in anyone listening." Margaret Wappler of "Los Angeles Times" called the song "aggressively scatological," and compared the song to the Bangladesh-produced "A Milli" from label-mate Lil Wayne, stating that it fares better musically.
In a list of the "50 Best songs of 2010" by "Rolling Stone", "Did It On'em" came in a number twenty-five additionally stating that the song is a "hazy, synapse-butchering throwdown." Marc Hogan of "Spin" stated that the track features Minaj's "best rapping". Sam Wolfson of "New Musical Express" stated that the song is so vulgar that Minaj could have permanetally placed herself on the "Teen Choice Awards blacklist," adding that the song is a "post-dubstep cry." The song peaked at number forty-nine on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 and spent sixteen weeks on the chart. It also peaked inside the top five of the "Billboard" component charts Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs and Rap Songs, reaching number three on the previous and number four on the latter chart.
Music video.
In April 2011, during an interview with KIIS-FM's DJ JoJo, Minaj revealed that she had shot a music video for "Did It On'em". In an interview with MTV News on May 31, 2011, Director DJ Scoob Doo revealed that Minaj and himself pieced the video together within two weeks. In an interview with MTV News on May 31, 2011, director DJ Scoob Doo discussed the music video's styling and development:
"She's family to me and I'm family to her, but this is the first time us working together was a priority on both of our lists. So we just had to dig in and put everything to the side and really work on something ... we had no idea that it would turn out as good as it did. It was a great experience[... It took me about a good two weeks to put all of the ideas that we had together. The good thing about the video is that we went in knowing we were gonna shoot the video onstage a few times. I was actually able to get my camera crew onstage"
The video premiered exclusively to fans with accounts on Minaj's official website on May 27, 2011, and later premiered worldwide. It was directed by Young Money affiliate DJ Scoob Doo and watched over 5 million times.
Synopsis.
The video is compiled of clips from the I Am Still Music Tour, backstage moments with Drake and Lil' Wayne, and candids of past photo shoots. Additionally, it features Minaj performing the track on stage, a stream of magazine photo shoots cut together with footage of Minaj signing fans’ chests, and perfecting the “helicopter” move with a nearby dildo. A clean version was later shot removing the dildo scenes. Minaj stated the video was a gesture of gratitude to her fans for their support for her on the I Am Still Music Tour.
Live performances.
Minaj has performed the song on both her debut concert tour, the Pink Friday Tour, and her .
Credits and personnel.
Credits are taken from "Pink Friday" liner notes. 

</doc>
<doc id="31010226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010226" title="Hungerford's crawling water beetle">
Hungerford's crawling water beetle

Hungerford's crawling water beetle ("Brychius hungerfordi") is a critically endangered member of the Haliplidae family of water beetles. The US Fish and Wildlife Service Draft Recovery Plan for the species published August 2004 estimates roughly 1000 individuals are present in the wild. In 2010, a five-year summary report by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service found the population to be essentially unchanged.
The species was first discovered by Paul J. Spangler in 1954.
Endangered status.
Hungerford's crawling water beetle was categorized as endangered on March 7, 1994, under the provisions of the U.S. Endangered Species Act. The Hungerford's crawling water beetle is currently not protected in Canada. At the time that the species was listed on the endangered species list, it was found only in three sites, all in Michigan. It is the most endangered species in Michigan and at the time of its listing, the only one limited exclusively to Michigan.
Known populations.
Known populations of Hungerford's crawling water beetles are limited to cold-water streams in only five locations. Four of these are in Michigan and one is in Ontario.
Michigan locations.
Almost all known Hungerford's crawling water beetles live in a single location: the East Branch of the Maple River in Emmet County, Michigan. This location consists of a two and a half mile stretch of the river downstream from the Douglas Road crossing. This area supports the only stable population of the Hungerford's crawling water beetle, recording nearly 1052 beetles when last counted in 2002. This area is largely within and along the boundary of the University of Michigan Biological Station. 
Of the remaining sites, a second is also in Emmet County. This is near the Oliver Road crossing of the Carp Lake River, where 4 adult specimens were recorded in 1997, but erosion at the road seems to have harmed the habitat and no specimens were found in the last survey conducted in 
2003.
In Montmorency County, Michigan two more sites have yielded official records of Hungerford's crawling water beetles. Along the East Branch of the Black River inside the Mackinaw State Forest, two adult beetles were found in surveys in 1989 and again in 1996 two more adults were found. Still, the status of the population there remains uncertain. In July 1999, six additional adult beetles were identified elsewhere in the Mackinaw State Forest in Van Hetton Creek.
The Carp Lake River and Van Hetton Creek identifications were significant as they represented a new location beyond those originally identified when the Hungerford's crawling water beetle was categorized as endangered in 1994. This suggests that the rare beetle may occur in other sites as yet undiscovered.
Ontario location.
The only known population of Hungerford's crawling water beetles outside of the United States inhabit the North Saugeen River near Scone in Bruce County, Ontario. In 1986, 42 beetles were identified at a site downstream from a dam there. An unspecified number of beetles were last recorded in 2001, but surveys in 2002 uncovered no specimens. As a result, the status of this population of Hungerford's crawling water beetles is uncertain at present.
Habitat.
It is believed that the Hungerford's crawling water beetle requires cool (), swift flowing alkaline streams with sand and gravel bottoms. While in their larval stage, the beetles gather in concentrations of microalgae and in slower moving waters. The beetles are thought to have historically favored beaver dams.
Description.
Like all Haliplidae the imago of the Hungerford crawling water beetle is more or less ovoid, with a markedly convex upperside. They is have a yellowish-brown color with irregular dark markings. They are extremely small ( long) which may contribute to the difficulty in locating them. Their wing covers are characterized by perforated stripes. The sides of their pronotum (dorsal plate behind the head) are nearly parallel for the basal two-thirds before widening at the sides. 
As characteristic of all Haliplidae, the hindlegs of Hungerford crawling water beetles have a very distinctive and comparatively large coxal plates that cover most of the beetle's abdomenal underside as well as parts of its hindlegs. These hindleg plates do not move although they are not fused to the beetle's centerline. As with all Haliplidae, these specialized hindleg plates function as air storage devices supplementing the air carried under the wing covers.
Although most other Haliplidae are capable of flight, no observation has ever been recorded of a Hungerford's crawling water beetle flying. The absence of flight may contribute to the extreme limitation of its habitat, as flight might have helped it to spread over a larger area.

</doc>
<doc id="31010232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010232" title="Wife Wanted (1946 film)">
Wife Wanted (1946 film)

Wife Wanted is a 1946 American crime directed by Phil Karlson, featuring Kay Francis, Paul Cavanagh and Robert Shayne. This was Francis Kay's last film. The film's screenplay was written by Caryl Coleman and Sidney Sutherland, based on the novel ""Wife Wanted" by Robert E. Callahan.
Plot.
Carole Raymond (Francis) is a film star whose best years are behind her so she decides to buy in a real estate plan with Jeff Caldwell (Cavanagh), who's really running a illegitimate matrimonial service.
Production.
Kay Francis was unhappy with the first script, so she and director Phil Karlson set about obtaining a re-write, and became a producer on the film.
The production period was from mid-June to early July 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="31010234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010234" title="Leahy (album)">
Leahy (album)

Leahy is an album by Canadian folk music group Leahy. It was released by Virgin Records in 1996. The album peaked at number 1 on the "RPM" Country Albums chart in July 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="31010250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010250" title="2011 Monterrey Open – Singles Qualifying">
2011 Monterrey Open – Singles Qualifying

This article displays the qualifying draw of the 2011 Monterrey Open.

</doc>
<doc id="31010259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010259" title="Timor-Leste national futsal team">
Timor-Leste national futsal team

The Timor-Leste national futsal team is controlled by the Federação de Futebol de Timor-Leste, the governing body for futsal in East Timor (Timor-Leste) and represents the country in international futsal competitions.
Squad.
Current squad.
The following players were called up for the 2013 AFF Futsal Championship in Thailand during 19 – 27 October 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="31010277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010277" title="Joe Ropati">
Joe Ropati

Joe Ropati is a New Zealand rugby league player who represented his country in nine Test Matches, including in games that counted towards the 1988 World Cup. Ropati is part of a large rugby league family that includes internationals Iva, Peter, Tea and rugby union international Romi. Joe, Tea and Iva are the only set of three brothers to play tests for the Kiwis.
Playing career.
Ropati began his career playing in the Auckland Rugby League competition for the Otahuhu Leopards. Between 1982 and 1985 Ropati represented Auckland and also represented New Zealand Māori. In 1983 Ropati won the ARL's award for the most improved back and in 1985 he won the Tetley Trophy as the leading try scorer.
Ropati played in nine Test Matches for the New Zealand Kiwis between 1983 and 1986.
In 1986 Ropati moved to England, joining the Warrington Wolves. He stayed with the Wolves for four seasons.
Ropati also played for the Manly Sea Eagles for two seasons, playing in 21 first grade matches.

</doc>
<doc id="31010313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010313" title="P.O. Box 423">
P.O. Box 423

P.O. Box 423 is the debut album by Canadian country music artist Duane Steele. It was released by Mercury Records in February 1996. The album peaked at number 32 on the "RPM" Country Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31010321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010321" title="Longkaikou Dam">
Longkaikou Dam

The Longkaikou Dam is a gravity dam on the Jinsha River near Lijiang in Yunnan province, China. The dam has a height of and was constructed with roller-compacted concrete. Construction on the dam began in 2007, the river was diverted in January 2009 but construction was briefly halted in June 2009 by the Ministry of Environmental Protection after it was being constructed without approval. On 25 November 2012 the reservoir was impounded and the first of five 360 MW Francis turbine-generators was commissioned on 21 May 2013. The last was commissioned on 29 November 2013. The dam was expected to displace 2,000 people. The dam also supports a fish proliferation system.

</doc>
<doc id="31010323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010323" title="Wife Wanted">
Wife Wanted

Wife Wanted may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31010366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010366" title="Harvey Gentry">
Harvey Gentry

Harvey William Gentry (born May 27, 1926) was a pinch hitter in Major League Baseball. He played for the New York Giants in 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="31010380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010380" title="This Is the Life (Duane Steele album)">
This Is the Life (Duane Steele album)

This Is the Life is the second studio album by Canadian country music artist Duane Steele. It was released by Mercury Records in September 1997. Included are the Top Ten singles "Tell the Girl" and "If I Could Just Get to You" and a cover of Gordon Lightfoot's "If You Could Read My Mind."

</doc>
<doc id="31010400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010400" title="Ben Schwartz">
Ben Schwartz

Ben Schwartz (born September 15, 1981) is an American actor, comedian, and writer. He is perhaps best known for portraying a fictional version of himself on the comedy web series "Jake and Amir" and for portraying Tom Haverford's friend Jean-Ralphio Saperstein on the sitcom "Parks and Recreation". In 2012, he joined Showtime's television comedy "House of Lies" as the ambitious, brash, and insecure management consultant Clyde Oberholt.
His feature film credits include "Peep World" with Rainn Wilson, Michael C. Hall and Sarah Silverman as well as "Everybody's Fine" with Robert De Niro. Additionally he had a role in "The Other Guys" starring Will Ferrell and Mark Wahlberg and directed by Adam McKay.
Career.
On television, Schwartz guest-starred as Jean-Ralphio Saperstein on NBC’s "Parks and Recreation" and is a lead in the Showtime show "House of Lies" with Don Cheadle, Kristen Bell and Josh Lawson. In 2010, Schwartz played series regular Bill Hoyt on J. J. Abrams' one-hour spy drama "Undercovers" for NBC.
Schwartz has been writing, directing and acting in his own short films for some time. He had his own segment on HBO’s "Funny or Die Presents" called "Terrible Decisions with Ben Schwartz" and has appeared in multiple CollegeHumor sketches including the popular web series "Jake and Amir". Schwartz has been nominated for two Emmys and won the 2009 Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing for a Variety, Music or Comedy Special for coauthoring Hugh Jackman's opening number for the 81st Academy Awards.
He was recently hired by Paramount Pictures to re-make the 1991 classic comedy "Soapdish", retitled "El Fuego Caliente" and reworking the original's American soap opera into a Latin telenovela, with producers Rob Reiner and Alan Greisman, and he sold an original pitch to Universal Studios based on an idea by Brian Grazer with Imagine Entertainment attached to produce. He was a staff writer for the third season of Adult Swim’s "Robot Chicken" and served as a freelance writer for the Weekend Update segment of "Saturday Night Live" as well as the monologues for the "Late Show with David Letterman".
Schwartz is an alumnus of the Upright Citizens Brigade Theatre (UCBT) and continues to perform there regularly. He is a member of the improv group "Hot Sauce" with Adam Pally and Gil Ozeri, the group performs their long-form improv show "Something Fresh" at UCBT every month.
Personal life.
Schwartz grew up in Riverdale, a neighborhood in the Bronx in New York City. In an interview with Kevin Pollak, he stated, "When I told people I was from the Bronx, it was like 'Oh, do you have bullet wounds?' And I'm like 'No, it's just me and, like, Jewish people.'"
Schwartz grew up in a family of social workers and Bronx school teachers, including his mother, a music teacher. He graduated from Union College in 2003 with a double major in psychology and anthropology.

</doc>
<doc id="31010402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010402" title="Julio Furch">
Julio Furch

Julio César Furch (born July 29, 1989), is a German Argentine football forward who currently plays for Arsenal de Sarandi in the Argentine Primera División.

</doc>
<doc id="31010416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010416" title="Air-tractor sledge">
Air-tractor sledge

Sir Douglas Mawson's air-tractor sledge was a converted fixed-wing aircraft taken on the 1911–14 Australasian Antarctic Expedition, the first plane to be taken to the Antarctic. Expedition leader Douglas Mawson had planned to use the Vickers R.E.P. Type Monoplane as a reconnaissance and search and rescue tool, and to assist in publicity, but the aircraft crashed heavily during a test flight in Adelaide, Australia, only two months before Mawson's scheduled departure date. The plane was nevertheless sent south with the expedition, after having been stripped of its wings and metal sheathing from the fuselage. Engineer Frank Bickerton spent most of the 1912 winter working to convert it to a sledge, fashioning brakes from a pair of geological drills and a steering system from the plane's landing gear. It was first tested on 15 November 1912 and subsequently assisted in laying depots for the summer sledging parties, but its use during the expedition was minimal.
Towing a train of four sledges, the air-tractor accompanied a party led by Bickerton to explore the area to the west of the expedition's base at Cape Denison. The freezing conditions resulted in the jamming of the engine's pistons after just , and the air-tractor was left behind. Some time later it was dragged back to Cape Denison, and its frame was left on the ice when the expedition returned home in 1913. In 2008 a team from the Mawson's Huts Foundation began searching for the remains of the air-tractor sledge; a seat was found in 2009, and fragments of the tail assembly a year later. 
The Mawson's Huts Foundation has undertaken extensive investigation using sophisticated equipment in 2009 and 2010. Results indicate that the air tractor, or parts of it, is still buried under 3m of ice where it was abandoned at Cape Denison.
Background.
Douglas Mawson had accompanied Ernest Shackleton's 1907–09 British Antarctic Expedition. Along with Edgeworth David and Alistair Mackay, he had been part of a man-hauled sledging expedition, the first to reach the area of the South Magnetic Pole. Upon his return from Antarctica, he recommenced to his post as geology lecturer at the University of Adelaide. Despite an offer from Robert Falcon Scott to join his Terra Nova Expedition to reach the Geographic South Pole, Mawson began planning his own Antarctic expedition. Mawson's plan, which led to the Australasian Antarctic Expedition, envisaged three bases on the Antarctic continent, collectively surveying much of the coast directly south of Australia. He approached Shackleton, who not only approved of his plan but was prepared to lead the expedition himself. Although Shackleton withdrew from the expedition in December 1910, he continued to assist Mawson with publicity and fund-raising.
Purchase.
Mawson travelled to Britain in early 1911 to raise funds, hire crew, and purchase equipment. He considered taking a plane to the Antarctic, which could work as a reconnaissance tool, transport cargo, and assist with search and rescue. Crucially, as no plane had yet been taken to the continent, it could also be used to generate publicity. Unsure of the type of plane he should take, but considering a Blériot, Mawson mentioned his plans to Scott's wife Kathleen Scott, an aircraft enthusiast. She recommended he take a monoplane, and conveyed his interest to Lieutenant Hugh Evelyn Watkins of the Essex Regiment. Watkins had connections with the ship and aircraft manufacturer Vickers Limited, which had recently entered into a licence agreement to build and sell aircraft in Britain designed by the Frenchman Robert Esnault-Pelterie. In a letter to Mawson on 18 May, Kathleen wrote:
On Kathleen Scott's advice, Mawson purchased a Vickers R.E.P. Type Monoplane, one of only eight built. It was fitted with a five-cylinder R.E.P. engine developing , and had a maximum range of at a cruising speed of . Its wingspan was , and its length . The pilot used a joystick for pitch and roll, with lateral control by wing warping. Mawson opted for a two-seater version, in a tandem arrangement, with a spare ski undercarriage. The total bill, dated 17 August 1911, came to £955 4s 8d. Mawson hired Watkins to fly the plane, and Frank Bickerton to accompany as engineer. After Vickers tested the aircraft at Dartford and Brooklands, P&O shipped the plane to Adelaide aboard the steamship "Macedonia", at half the usual rate of freight.
Crash.
A series of public demonstrations were planned in Australia to assist in fund-raising, the first of which was scheduled for 5 October 1911 at the Cheltenham Racecourse in Adelaide. During a test flight the day before, excessive pressure in the fuel tank caused it to rupture, almost blinding Watkins. That problem resolved, Watkins took Frank Wild, whom Mawson had hired to command a support base during the expedition, on another test flight the morning of the demonstration. In Watkins' account, which he addressed to Vickers' Aviation Department, he wrote: "were about 200 ft. up. I got into a fierce tremor, and then into an air pocket, and was brought down about 100 ft., got straight, and dropped into another, almost a vacuum. That finished it. We hit the ground with an awful crash, both wings damaged, one cylinder broken, and the Nose bent up, the tail in half, etc."
Although the two men were only slightly injured, the plane was damaged beyond repair. Mawson decided to salvage the plane by converting it into a motorised sledge. He fitted the skis, and removed the wings and most of the sheathing to save weight. In his official account of the expedition, "The Home of the Blizzard", Mawson wrote that the advantages of this "air-tractor sledge" were expected to be "speed, steering control, and comparative safety from crevasses owing to the great length of the runners". No longer needing a pilot, and believing him to be responsible for the crash, Mawson dismissed Watkins.
The air-tractor sledge was taken to Hobart, where the expedition ship SY "Aurora" was being loaded. It was secured on board in a crate lined with tin, which weighed far more than the sledge itself, on top of the ship's forecastle and two boat-skids. To fuel the sledge, along with the motor launch and the wireless equipment, the "Aurora" also carried of benzine and of kerosene. Fully loaded, the ship left Hobart on 2 December 1911.
In Antarctica.
The "Aurora" reached the Antarctic mainland on 8 January 1912, after a two-week stop on Macquarie Island to establish a wireless relay station and research base. The expedition's main base was established in Adélie Land, at Cape Denison in Commonwealth Bay. While the "Aurora" was unloading, a violent whirlwind lifted the lid off the air-tractor's crate, throwing it . The main hut was erected immediately, but the strong winds meant that work on the air-tractor's hangar was delayed until March. When the winds abated, a by hangar was constructed next to the main hut, from empty packing cases.
Bickerton began work on the air-tractor sledge on 14 April 1912. His first job was to repair the sledge, which had been damaged in transit when a violent storm hit the "Aurora". A giant wave had slammed into the crate containing the sledge, driving the fuselage through its side. With the repair completed, Bickerton began the serious work of converting the plane into a sledge. He constructed brakes from a pair of geological drills, and a steering system from the landing gear. Bickerton painted the engine and fuel tank black to absorb heat better and protect them from freezing. By June he had the engine running properly, and during a lull in the winds in early September he fitted the skis. Finally, he raised the fuselage off the ground to allow the propeller free movement.
On 27 October 1912, Mawson outlined the summer sledging program. Seven sledging parties would depart from Cape Denison, surveying the coast and interior of Adélie Land and neighbouring King George V Land. They were required to return to the base by 15 January, when the "Aurora" was due to depart; any later, it was feared, and she would be trapped by ice. Bickerton was to lead one of the parties, which would use the air-tractor to haul four sledges and explore the coast to the west of the hut. Most of the parties left in early November, but Bickerton's Western party delayed until December, in the hope of avoiding the ferocious winter winds. Work on the air-tractor sledge was delayed by the fierce winds, and the first trial took place on 15 November, between the main base and Aladdin's Cave—a depot which had been established on the plateau above Cape Denison. The air-tractor reached a speed of , covering the , expedition member Charles Laseron recorded, "in great style". Soon, the sledge began hauling cargo up the slope, laying depots for the summer sledging parties.
Broken.
The Western party left Cape Denison on 3 December 1912. Accompanying Bickerton and the air-tractor were cartographer Alfred Hodgeman and surgeon Leslie Whetter. The air-tractor made slow progress hauling its train of sledges, and about out from the base its engine began experiencing difficulty. Bickerton shut it down and the three set up camp. At 4 am the next morning the party set off again, but the engine continued to struggle; oil ejected from an idle cylinder and the cylinder's lack of compression led Bickerton to suspect broken piston rings to be the root of the problem. This would take only a matter of hours to fix. As he later recorded, "These thoughts were brought to a sudden close by the engine, without any warning, pulling up with such a jerk that the propeller was smashed. On moving the latter, something fell into the oil in the crank-case and fizzled, while the propeller could only be swung through an angle of about 30 ."
The party continued without the air-tractor, man-hauling the sledges to a point west of Cape Denison, and returned to base on 18 January 1913. Mawson's Far Eastern Party failed to return, and six men, including Bickerton, remained for an extra winter. On 8 February, just hours after "Aurora" left Commonwealth Bay after waiting for three weeks, Mawson staggered alone into base, his colleagues Belgrave Edward Sutton Ninnis and Xavier Mertz dead. As Mawson was being nursed back to health, Bickerton dragged the air-tractor sledge back to base to diagnose the reason for its failure. He found that the freezing conditions had caused the engine oil to congeal, jamming the pistons. He abandoned the sledge at Boat Harbour, next to the base. When "Aurora" returned to Cape Denison for the final time on 13 December 1913, only the engine and propeller were taken back to Australia.
Recovery efforts.
The bill for the plane remained unpaid. In 1914 Vickers reminded Mawson, who had apparently forgotten the outstanding debt. Mawson wrote to Vickers director Sir Trevor Dawson in November 1916, requesting the company write off the bill as a donation. His company buoyed by armaments contracts, Dawson agreed. The next expedition to take a plane to the Antarctic was Shackleton's 1921–22 "Quest" Expedition, but the Avro Baby remained grounded owing to missing parts. Not until 16 November 1928—when Hubert Wilkins and Carl Ben Eielson flew for 20 minutes around Deception Island, just over a year before Admiral Richard Evelyn Byrd's first flight over the South Pole—was a plane airborne in the Antarctic.
The frame of the air-tractor sledge remained on the ice at Boat Harbour where Bickerton had left it. The last expedition to Cape Denison to see the frame was in 1976; the next expedition, in 1981, could find no trace of it. The ice in that location does not move, and the implication is that the frame sank through the ice. It is therefore possible the frame is still there.
In 2007-8 a team from the Mawson's Huts Foundation began to search for the remnants of the plane. Using photographs from 1913, 1931 and 1976 it was possible to derive transits between the frame and distant objects which located the frame to a small area of ice about 50 m from the hut. Comparison with a 1931 photograph by Frank Hurley confirmed this location.
The following summer (2008-9), the team extensively surveyed the area where they believed the air-tractor to be, using ground-penetrating radar. A 3 metre deep trench was dug in a promising area, but nothing was found except fragments of seaweed indicating the overlying ice must have melted sometime in the past. Temperature records from the nearby Dumont d'Urville Station showed that there had been extended periods (each of about six weeks) of above average temperatures in 1976 and 1981, suggesting the ice around the harbour could have melted. Dr Chris Henderson, the leader of the team, believes "the frame sank in situ to the rock surface, three metres below the present ice surface". 
Next year (the 2009-10 season) further search was undertaken using differential GPS, bathymetry equipment, ice augers, a magnetometer and a metal detector (whose sensor was placed down the ice auger holes after drilling). The ice showed signs of having extensively melted in the past, was about 3 metres thick and covering smooth rock which extended Northwards to become the harbour bottom. Visual examination of the harbour bottom during the bathymetry survey did not reveal any fragments of the frame in the first 30 metres of the harbour.
The most significant findings from the ice survey were a positive reading from the metal detector, coupled with a significant echo from the Ground Penetrating Radar, both from the small area where the frame is assumed to have sunk.
Parts of the Air Tractor are already known to exist: The Australian Antarctic Division has one wheel from the frame, and its ice-rudder - both of which were found in the harbour. In January 2009 the remains of a seat from the air-tractor were found in rocks near the hut, about from where the team believes the frame to be buried. On 1 January 2010, a day of unusually low tide, 4 small capping pieces from the end section of the tail were found by the edge of the harbour. The tail and a section of fuselage had been removed from the rest of the air-tractor before it was abandoned in 1913, therefore this discovery did not shed much light on the location of the rest of the frame, but it suggests that "the frame, or parts of it, can survive for nearly 100 years in this environment". 
The team returned to Cape Denison over the 2010–11 summer, but the crash of a French helicopter near Dumont d'Urville Station in October 2010 forced deployment of a much reduced team with no resources to continue the search.
The findings to date (2011) suggest that metal object(s) exist at a depth of 3 metres, on rock, in the location where the frame was last known to have been seen in 1976. This is likely to be the remains of Mawson's Air Tractor, but confirmation awaits a future opportunity.

</doc>
<doc id="31010425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010425" title="Wolves in the Throne Room (demo)">
Wolves in the Throne Room (demo)

Wolves in the Throne Room is a self-titled demo album released independently in 2004. Most rips circulating the Internet have an incorrect track listing.

</doc>
<doc id="31010446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010446" title="Stephanie Anne Lloyd">
Stephanie Anne Lloyd

Stephanie Anne Lloyd (née Stephanie Booth) is a British business woman and hotelier, based in the Welsh town of Llangollen, where she lives with her husband David who runs a food chain.
She starred in the reality television series about her businesses "Hotel Stephanie" for BBC Wales in 2008 and 2009.
Early life.
Born Keith Hull her parents were Jehovah Witnesses. Based with her family in northwest England, she began gender reassignment through a specialist psychologist at Wythenshawe Hospital, Manchester, and surgery at Charing Cross Hospital, London.
Massage parlour.
Lloyd decided in 1984 to create a business catering to the transgender and tranvestite community. She was persuaded that a massage service that offered prostitution services was both legal, and could quickly solve her financial difficulties. She was arrested for running a bawdy house and pleaded guilty.
Transformation Ltd.
She launched a transgender mail order catalogue, and a contact magazine. This was followed by a transgender hotel in Manchester, and a second shop in London opposite Euston railway station.
Unable to open a shop in Scotland due to Scottish law, the company opened a site in Newcastle upon Tyne. They also expanded their mail order business to cover both Germany and mainland Europe, and the United States.
Albany Clinic.
She founded the Albany Clinic as a centre for transsexuals to seek specialist medical advice and guidance on their condition.
Hotel Stephanie.
In 2008, Mentorn Cymru began production of reality television series "Hotel Stephanie" for BBC Wales. The series focused on Lloyd and her running of her hotel chain, based mainly on activities around Llangollen. The programme was commissioned for a second series in 2009, which focused on the couples takeover and refurbishment of The Wynnstay Arms hotel in Wrexham.
On 7 July 2011 Lloyd's hotels went into administration Administrators closed the Wynnstay Arms, the Anchor in Ruthin and The Bridge Hotel, Chester with immediate effect and the funhouses in Mold, Wrexham and Oswestry as these premises were rented and default on rent payment could not be avoided. All four hotels, which had been trading well, were put up for sale.
Wrexham F.C..
In 2011, Lloyd announced her intention to take over Wrexham F.C., with an interest-free loan to save it from going into financial administration and the plan to raise £5 million to purchase the club in a community-based venture.

</doc>
<doc id="31010453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010453" title="Charles Steele (disambiguation)">
Charles Steele (disambiguation)

Charles Steele was a World War I British flying ace.
Charles Steele may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31010458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010458" title="Wyoming Highway 339">
Wyoming Highway 339

Wyoming Highway 339 is a short east-west Wyoming State Road located in north-central Sheridan County. 
Route description.
Wyoming Highway 339 begins its western end at Interstate 90/US 14/US 87 (exit 16) and travels east just over 1 mile to end at Wyoming Highway 338 (Decker Road). WYO 338 travels south to serve Sheridan as well as north to the Montana State Line and Decker, Montana. 
The Wyoming Port of Entry is located on the west side of the I-90/WYO 339 (Dietz) interchange and is the only two-state combination Port in Wyoming that issues both Wyoming and Montana permits.
History.
The length of Highway 339 between Wyoming Highway 338 and Interstate 90 is the original routing of US 14/US 87 route prior to the construction of Interstate 90.

</doc>
<doc id="31010476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010476" title="Rosa Sheveleva">
Rosa Sheveleva

Rosa Andreevna Sheveleva (; born 17 February 1996 in Nefteyugansk) is a Russian figure skater. She is the 2011 Russian Cup Final champion and 2011 Russian junior bronze medalist.
Career.
Sheveleva began skating in 2000. She is coached by Marina Kudriavtseva. 
Sheveleva debuted on the ISU Junior Grand Prix series during the 2009–10 season, placing 6th in the United States and 5th in Croatia. 
During the 2010–11 Junior Grand Prix season, Sheveleva won a bronze medal in France and finished 6th in Romania. She placed 13th in the short program at the 2011 Russian senior nationals and 5th in the long program, to finish 8th overall. She won the junior bronze medal after placing third in the short and second in the long. She won the 2011 Russian Cup Final, defeating Ksenia Makarova and Alena Leonova.
Competitive highlights.
J = Junior level.

</doc>
<doc id="31010487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010487" title="Rabatment of the rectangle">
Rabatment of the rectangle

Rabatment of the rectangle is a compositional technique used as an aid for the placement of objects or the division of space within a rectangular frame, or as an aid for the study of art.
Every rectangle contains two implied squares, each consisting of a short side of the rectangle, an equal length along each longer side, and an imaginary fourth line parallel to the short side. The process of mentally rotating the short sides onto the long ones is called "rabatment", and often the imaginary fourth line is called "the rabatment".
Also known as rebatement and rabattement, "rabatment" means the rotation of a plane into another plane about their line of intersection, as in closing an open hinge. In two dimensions, it means to rotate a line about a point until the line coincides with another sharing the same point. The term is used in geometry, art and architecture.
Theory.
There is no absolute explanation of the mechanism of this method, but there are various theories. One argument is that squares are such a simple, primal geometric shape that the brain automatically looks for them, mentally completing this rabatment whether it is made explicit or not. When a composition uses elements of the scene to match, the square feels complete in itself, producing a feeling of harmony.
Practice.
Renaissance artists used rabatment as a foundation to art and architectural works, but the rabatment can be observed in art taken from almost any period.
As one of many composition techniques, rabatment of the rectangle can be used to inform the positioning of elements within the rectangle. There is no hard and fast rule regarding such positioning; a composition can have a sense of dynamic unrest or a sense of equilibrium relative to important lines such as ones taken from rabatment or from the rule of thirds, or from nodal points such as the "eyes of a rectangle"—the four intersections derived from the rule of thirds. Primary image elements can be positioned within one of the two rabatment squares to define the center of interest, and secondary image elements can be placed outside of a rabatment square.
The concept of rabatment can be applied to rectangles of any proportion. For rectangles with a 3:2 ratio (as in 35mm film in still photography), it happens that the rabatment lines are exactly matched to the rule of thirds lines.
In a horizontally-aligned rectangle, there is one implied square for the left side and one for the right; for a vertically-aligned rectangle, there are upper and lower squares. If the long sides of the rectangle are exactly twice the length of the short, this line is right in the middle. With longer-proportioned rectangles, the squares don't overlap, but with shorter-proportioned ones, they do. In Western cultures that read left to right, attention is often focused inside the left-hand rabatment, or on the line it forms at the right-hand side of the image.
When rabatment is used with one side of a golden rectangle, and then iteratively applied to the left-over rectangle, the resulting "whirling rectangles" describe the golden spiral.

</doc>
<doc id="31010495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010495" title="Thomas Rea Greene">
Thomas Rea Greene

Captain Thomas Rea Greene (February 3, 1904 - July 11, 1950) was president of the Greene Line of steamboats.
Biography.
He was born on February 3, 1904 in Ohio to Mary Catherine Becker and Gordon Christopher Greene aboard his father's steamboat on the Ohio River. His brother was Christopher Becker Greene. He married Letha Opal Cavendish and they had four children including, Jane Greene. In 1928 his brother, Christopher Becker Greene won the Ohio-Mississippi inland waterway championship speed race by defeating Captain Frederick Way, Jr. and his ship the Betsy Ann. A rematch was held on July 16, 1929 between the Betsy Ann and the Thomas Greene (steamboat) with Thomas piloting.
In 1946 the Delta Queen was put up for auction by the owners. Greene became the new owner with a bid of $46,250. He had the boat refurbished.
He died on July 11, 1950 in Evansville, Indiana.

</doc>
<doc id="31010505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010505" title="Set List (Duane Steele album)">
Set List (Duane Steele album)

Set List is a greatest hits album by Canadian country music artist Duane Steele. It was released by Jolt/Royalty Records on June 1, 2004. Singles released from the album include "Better Man," "Nobody Cheated, Nobody Lied" and "Sad Country Song."

</doc>
<doc id="31010509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010509" title="Every Day Fiction">
Every Day Fiction

Every Day Fiction (ISSN 1918-1000) is a Canadian flash fiction magazine founded in 2007 and published by Every Day Publishing Ltd. It is currently published on a daily schedule.
Every Day Fiction publishes flash fiction stories of all genres, and podcasts stories that have a high level of appeal with their readers. Additionally, they publish a yearly "Best of Every Day Fiction" anthology consisting of the 100 best stories appearing in the magazine that year. They have nominated work for the Pushcart Prize. In part because of its relatively large audience, EDF has placed highly in the Preditors & Editors Readers Choice Poll
In 2010, Every Day Fiction was listed by Writer's Digest as one of the 50 Best Online Literary Markets, and has been cited by numerous print sources including the Wall Street Journal, and the StarPhoenix.
History.
Every Day Fiction is notable for being one of the first online fiction magazines to abandon the print model that had been migrated onto the web by its contemporaries, and instead focus on a format in use by several major blogs—dynamic content published in high volume. A key component of the site has been its focus on social media, with readers being able to vote and comment on stories
The model proved to be popular, and in 2008 Lapp boasted that the site had "nearly 1,500 RSS and e-mail subscribers, averaging over 10,000 unique readers a month".
Editors.
In 2009, founding editor Jordan Lapp won 1st place in Writers of the Future and announced that he would be retiring from the day-to-day operations of the magazine in order to focus on the magazine's parent company, Every Day Publishing Ltd., which has since launched or acquired three more magazines: Every Day Poets, Flash Fiction Chronicles, and Ray Gun Revival.

</doc>
<doc id="31010516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010516" title="The Hermiston Herald">
The Hermiston Herald

The Hermiston Herald is a bi-weekly paper published in Hermiston, Oregon, United States, since 1906. The "Herald" was founded by Horace Greeley Newport and William Skinner. It is published on Wednesdays and Saturdays by EO Media Group (formerly known as the East Oregonian Publishing Company) and has a circulation of 2,127. The paper was formerly owned by Western Communications.

</doc>
<doc id="31010528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010528" title="Rockville Air Station (Iceland)">
Rockville Air Station (Iceland)

Rockville Air Station (ADC/NATO ID: H-1) is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station. It is located west-northwest of Naval Air Station Keflavik, Iceland. It was closed on 30 June 1992.
History.
Rockville Air Station was established in early 1952, although its origins date to a temporary site at Keflavik Airport set up in 1951 to provide radar coverage over the airport. The permanent site was operated by the 932d Aircraft Control and Warning (later Air Defense, Later Air Control) Squadron, and was equipped with AN/TPS-1B; AN/FPS-3; AN/FPS-20 and two AN/FPS-6 heigh finder radars.
The Greenland, Iceland and United Kingdom air defense sector, better known as the GIUK gap, was routinely utilized by the Soviet Union's long range heavy bombers and maritime reconnaissance platforms as a transit point towards the Atlantic Ocean. From bases located at Archangel and Murmansk, Soviet aircraft would stream down to the North Cape in Norway towards the Gap which was use as a doorway to the vast Atlantic. Most of the Soviet missions were destined to probe United States' air defense along the North Atlantic and after 1960 in the Caribbean where Cuba, the USSR's most important satellite state outside continental Europe, was located. Such was the perceived threat from the Soviet incursions that it became a priority for NATO to demonstrate to that the strategic GIUK passage would be monitored at all times.
The mission of the station was to intercept and shadow all Soviet aircraft in transit in and from the Gap which passed through the detection range of its radars and pass the information to interceptor aircraft deployed at Keflavik Airfield. Routine operations continued until 1992 until the site was closed, and a new facility was opened near NAS Keflavik.
After the site was closed, the facility was turned over to the Iceland government which used it for some years as the Byrgid drug rehabilitation facility. Today the site is closed, the radar towers are gone and all buildings have been removed.

</doc>
<doc id="31010533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010533" title="Simon Pearce">
Simon Pearce

Simon Pearce is an Irish-American entrepreneur in glassblowing and pottery, who learned his trade in Kilkenny, Ireland. 
Business development.
Pearce located his first US factory, in Quechee, Vermont in 1981. This site, which is powered hydroelectrically by the Ottauquechee River, became a showroom, restaurant, and glass-blowing demonstration facility. The "New York Times" described him as a prominent American designer of glassware, and his works have been given as gifts to foreign dignitaries and to presenters at the Academy Awards. 
Pearce's company headquarters is in Windsor, Vermont, another manufacturing facility is in Mountain Lake Park, Maryland. His company has retail outlets, sometimes with associated restaurants, on both coasts of the US.
Personal life and family.
As of 2010, Pearce reportedly maintained a home in Norwich, Vermont. He and his wife, Pia, have four sons. Their youngest son is Kevin Pearce, a snowboarder, who was seriously injured in 2009 while training for the Olympics. Kevin is the subject of the 2013 HBO film The Crash Reel.

</doc>
<doc id="31010537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010537" title="Delaney Rovers GAA">
Delaney Rovers GAA

–
Delaneys Rovers GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association club in Cork, Ireland. It draws its players from the Dublin Hill area on the northside of the city. Teams are fielded in Gaelic football, hurling and camogie. The club participates in Cork GAA competitions and in Seandún board competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="31010558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010558" title="Chinese people in Bangladesh">
Chinese people in Bangladesh

There are over a thousand Chinese citizens and nationals who live in Bangladesh. Both China and Bangladesh lie in close geographical proximity, separated only by the narrow Siliguri Corridor of India and immigration is common between the two countries. Most Chinese expatriates are based in Dhaka and Chittagong, and consist largely of diplomats or employees of foreign companies. Chinese food enjoys large popularity and is widespread in Bangladesh, with there even being Bangladeshi-style Chinese cuisine. 
In November 2010, a medical ship of the Chinese Navy, "Peace Ark," docked in Chittagong; among the ship's mission was to provide humanitarian medical services to government officials, armed forces personnel, citizens and Chinese people stationed in Bangladesh and carry out medical exchange. The Chinese Vice President, Xi Jinping, visited the country in 2010 and met with representatives of the local Chinese community. Chinese women in Dhaka have a reputation for running popular beauty parlours.
Social and cultural events such as the Mid-Autumn Festival and the Chinese New Year are celebrated quite often by those who cannot go home. There is also a local (unofficial) organisation, Bangladesh-China People's Friendship Association (BCPFA), which has been active since 1986.
See also.
Related immigration articles:

</doc>
<doc id="31010581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010581" title="Sherlock Holmes (1931 film series)">
Sherlock Holmes (1931 film series)

Arthur Wontner portrayed Sherlock Holmes in five films from 1931 to 1937.
Production.
Having been told he resembled Doyle's creation for years, Wontner was finally cast in the role for "The Sleeping Cardinal" in 1931. Wontner was noticed after portraying Sexton Blake at the Prince Edward Theater in 1930.
Wonter was fifty-six when he began portraying Holmes and was forced to wear a toupée in the first three films to hide his bald spot. Holmes in the novels had retired at age fifty and as such, Wontner was technically too old for the part.
"The Sleeping Cardinal" was loosely based on "The Adventure of the Empty House" with the noticeable change that in the film version, Ronald Adair is a card cheat. Wontner was joined by Ian Fleming as Doctor Watson and Philip Hewland as Inspector Lestrade.
"The Sleeping Cardinal" was well received so producer Julies Hagen rushed a second film into production. "The Missing Rembrandt" reunited director Leslie S. Hiscott with Wontner, Fleming, and Hewland and was released in 1932. Norman McKinnel joined the cast as Professor Moriarty. Loosely based on "The Adventure of Charles Augustus Milverton", the film altered the story converting a blackmailer to an art dealer. "The Missing Rembrandt" is now considered a lost film.
With the second film another success, "The Sign of Four: Sherlock Holmes' Greatest Case" was produced and released later the same year. For this film, Fleming was replaced by younger actor Ian Hunter to better facilitate the storyline of Watson's wooing of Mary Morstan.
In 1935, Wontner returned to the role for "The Triumph of Sherlock Holmes". For this film, Wontner jettisoned the toupée and Ian Fleming returned to the role of Dr. Watson. Lyn Harding took over the role of Professor Moriarty from Norman McKinnel. Wonter's age, fifty-nine by this time, was too difficult to hide so Holmes is on the verge of retiring. The film is a very accurate adaptation of "The Valley of Fear" The film received rave reviews which would lead to one final film.
In 1937, Wontner's final Holmes film, "Silver Blaze", was released. Ian Fleming returned for a final turn at Dr. Watson, as did Lyn Harding as Moriarty while John Turnbull took over the role of Inspector Lestrade from Philip Hewland. The production was far less faithful than previous films, injecting Sir Henry Baskerville from "The Hound of the Baskervilles" into this adaptation of "Silver Blaze".
Reception.
Lionel Collier wrote in "Picturegoer", "Arthur Wontner is a perfect Sherlock Holmes." Vincent Starrett, one of the founders of the Chicago chapter of the Baker Street Irregulars, said of Wontner's performance as Holmes, "Surely no better Sherlock Holmes than Arthur Wontner is likely to be seen and heard in pictures, in our time."
Wontner on radio.
Wontner's final performance as Sherlock Holmes was in a 1943 BBC adaptation of "The Boscombe Valley Mystery" with Carleton Hobbs as Dr. Watson. Hobbs himself later went on to play Holmes in a radio series.

</doc>
<doc id="31010586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010586" title="United Arab Emirates national futsal team">
United Arab Emirates national futsal team

The United Arab Emirates national futsal team is controlled by the United Arab Emirates Football Association, the governing body for futsal in the United Arab Emirates and represents the country in international futsal competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="31010594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010594" title="15 Sagittarii">
15 Sagittarii

15 Sagittarii (15 Sgr) is a multiple star in Sagittarius. The primary star is a Type-B star. 

</doc>
<doc id="31010596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010596" title="Houziyan Dam">
Houziyan Dam

The Houziyan Dam is an under construction embankment dam on the Dadu River in Danba County, Sichuan province, China. When completed, the dam will be tall and withhold a reservoir with a normal capacity of . It will also support a power station with a 1,700 MW capacity; containing 4 x 425 MW generators. 
Background.
The feasibility report for the project was completed in May 2006 and by July of that same year, the project application was. Construction on the dam began in 2007 and the first generator is expected to be operational in 2014 and the dam complete in 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="31010617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010617" title="Brunei national futsal team">
Brunei national futsal team

The Brunei national futsal team is controlled by the Football Association of Brunei Darussalam, the governing body for futsal in Brunei and represents the country in international futsal competitions.
Players.
Current squad.
The following players were called up for the 2013 AFF Futsal Championship in Thailand during 19 – 27 October 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="31010621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010621" title="Frances Tressady Stakes">
Frances Tressady Stakes

The Frances Tressady Stakes is a VRC Group 3 Australian Thoroughbred horse race held under set weight conditions with penalties, for fillies and mares aged three years old and upwards, over a distance of 1400 metres. It is held annually at Flemington Racecourse in Melbourne in March. Total Prize money is A$150,000.
Race history.
The race has had several changes in grade, name and in distance. The race is named after the brilliant filly Frances Tressady who in 1923 won the VRC Victoria Derby – VRC Victorian Oaks double as well as finishing fifth in the Melbourne Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="31010633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010633" title="List of number-one albums of 2011 (Finland)">
List of number-one albums of 2011 (Finland)

This is the complete list of (physical and digital) number-one albums sold in Finland in 2011 according to the Official Finnish Charts composed by Musiikkituottajat – IFPI Finland.
The best-performing album in 2011 in the Finnish charts was "Leijonat 2011 – Virallinen Leijonat-kokoelma", the official compilation album by various artists celebrating Finland's victory at the 2011 IIHF World Championship, spending 8 weeks on the top spot. The second-best chart performer was Finnish singer-songwriter Chisu with her third studio album "Kun valaistun" spending 5 weeks atop the chart. The third-best chart performer was the posthumous "Laulaja 1945–2010" by Finnish Kari Tapio (with four weeks atop the chart).
The top-ten list of the best-selling 2011 albums in Finland was the following:

</doc>
<doc id="31010635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010635" title="Liverpool Markets Police">
Liverpool Markets Police

Liverpool Markets Police was a police force maintained by Liverpool City Council to police the markets owned by the City. The force existed from at least 1837, was disbanded in 1976, re-formed in 1992 and finally disbanded in 2002.
History.
The first recorded Market Constable was Charles Worral, who was listed as such in 1837, and as "Head Constable" in 1851. In 1860 the market constables had formed into a formal police force under the control of the City's Markets Department, though records of the force are non-existent from then until after World War Two. 
On 2 May 1946, the Chief Constable of Liverpool City Police, Herbert Winstanley, was approached for assistance in re-organising Market policing. As a result, the uniformed staff at Stanley Meat Market were appointed as "Market Constables", and attested as special constables for the City of Liverpool. In 1962 the City's wholesale market relocated to a site opposite the meat market, and the Market Police expanded to provide policing for both markets.
A large-scale council reorganisation in 1972 saw the Parks Police and Airport Police disbanded as police forces and merged to form "Liverpool City Security Force". However, the Markets Police continued in a separate existence for a further four years, until they too were merged into the Security Force in 1976. As part of the merger, the Market Police officers were offered a choice between positions within the (better-paid) Security Force, subject to passing an entrance exam, or becoming gatekeepers at their current rate of pay.
At the start of the 1990s, a council working party that was looking into rising crime and disorder in the Markets recommended that the Markets Police be re-formed, and a further council reorganisation in October 1992 led to the Markets Police being reintroduced, consisting of one inspector and 13 constables. The first officers underwent six weeks’ training with Merseyside Police. 
In 1995, the force had increased to 1 inspector (who left in 1996), 2 sergeants and 15 constables, with cover being provided 24 hours a day, seven days a week. The country's first "Market Watch" scheme was established in 1997, in co-operation between the Markets Police Merseyside Police Crime Prevention Unit. 
In 2002 the Markets Police consisted of 4 sergeants and 10 constables. Most officers were on duty during the markets' opening hours, and two officers on duty when the market was closed, thus providing a 24 hour service. The force was funded by the City Council and from a charge paid by the Market Traders Association. Training consisted of six weeks in-house, covering general police duties, followed by six months on-the-job. 
The Markets Police were disbanded in 2002, when the City Council privatised the markets, and their functions were taken on by a private security company.
Powers.
From 1992, Markets Police officers were not attested as constables, their powers being allegedly founded in common law and therefore have no powers of arrest above that of another Member of the Public.
Vehicles.
The Markets Police operated Ford Transit and Vauxhall Astra vans with police markings, which also carried firefighting and first aid equipment.
Uniform.
Prior to disbandment in 1976, the Markets Police wore a contemporary police uniform, with a tunic, and cap badge featuring a chrome Liver bird. Collar numbers with the words "Market Constable" were worn on the epaulettes. From 1992, they wore a contemporary standard police uniform, which at that time consisted of a dark blue jersey and jacket with dark blue trousers, a white shirt and black tie, and though tunics were issued they were rarely worn. The cap badge was chrome, with a Liver Bird on a red centre, and a blue ring with the words "City of Liverpool Markets Police". Instead of St Edward's Crown, as commonly used in police badges, the post-1992 Markets Police cap badge used a "Norman Crown" to surmount the Brunswick star, purportedly in recognition of the origins of the City's markets in King John's charter of 1207. The cap band was Sillitoe Tartan, in green and white, and the jersey patch rectangular with the words "Market Police". 

</doc>
<doc id="31010654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010654" title="Lasha Darbaidze">
Lasha Darbaidze

Lasha Darbaidze (b. January 23, 1969) is a Georgian-born American citizen who holds the positions of Honorary Consul of Georgia since 2010, and President of the St. George Foundation since 2004.
Early life.
Darbaidze graduated from the Physical Mathematical School (Komarov) and then earned engineering, classics and philosophy degrees at the Georgian Technical University, both in the capital Tbilisi. He served in the Soviet military where he earned the rank of Chief Lieutenant and obtained experience in military administration management. Darbaidze returned to Tbilisi after serving his military duty to pursue his entrepreneurial interests.
Career.
In 1999 Darbaidze immigrated to the United States. He settled in New York City and began working as the head of security for All-Tech Security and Investigation. While there, Darbaidze developed and managed twenty professional security departments/teams for such luxury brands as Chanel, Prada, Fendi and Graff. He acquired expertise in loss prevention, security management, risk management, audits, inventory control and safety strategy. Darbaidze decided to open his own security business in 2001 and operated under the name RM Security Services as a major subcontractor for All-Tech Security and Investigation in the New York metropolitan area. Then, in 2003 he was recruited by Graff USA to become their U.S. Security Director, a position he currently holds. 
In order to restructure and expand his own business, Darbaidze incorporated RM Security Services under the name LMIP Security, Inc. in 2009. The new structural and financial approach (with investment from Lerner Accounting Services, a private company in Brooklyn, NY, specializing in accounting, healthcare and regions interstate billing services) gave LMIP Security the financial strength and higher insurance coverage it needed to provide security services nation-wide to such clients as Graff, De Beers, Hublot, Dolce & Gabbana. Darbaidze also maintains his position as a major security subcontractor for All-Tech Security and Investigation, with clients such as David Yurman, Judith Ripka & Longchamp.
Darbaidze is President of the St. George Foundation, which he founded in 2004, to provide assistance to the Georgian community in the United States. Most notably it purchased the Holy Rosary Church in Hanover Township, PA. It has become a Georgian Orthodox monastery and religious center. In January 2011 Darbaidze and foundation members traveled to Tbilisi to make a donation to the Gldani Crisis Center, which provides a home for under-privileged and special needs children. He is the largest source of employment for the Georgian community in the United States. 
In 2010 the Georgian government awarded Darbaidze the position of Honorary Consul, which is headquartered in Millburn, NJ. This diplomatic status was approved by the U.S. State Department in November 2010. However, in October 2011 Georgian government stripped Darbaidze of his Honorary Consul appointment as well as his Georgian citizenship.
References.
[http://citizensvoice.com/news/hanover-twp-church-to-become-georgian-orthodox-monastery-1.78026#axzz1F1YAoPqo]
[http://www.deoagency.ge/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=259%3Avisit-of-an-honorary-councilor-of-georgia-to-usa-to-gldani-crisis-center&catid=58%3Anews&Itemid=222&lang=en]
[http://lmipss.com/index.html]
[http://www.mfa.gov.ge/index.php?lang_id=ENG&sec_id=39]
[http://www.manta.com/c/mt0xgh6/l-m-i-p-security-of-tx-inc]
[http://www.manta.com/c/mt8d3q9/l-m-i-p-security-of-fl-inc]
[http://georgianamerica.com/eng/information2/georgian_organizations/saint_george_foundation_70]
Georgian Diaspora Videos
[http://www.diaspora.gov.ge/index.php?lang_id=GEO&sec_id=58&info_id=1596]
[http://pirweli.com.ge/index.php?option=com_search&Itemid=1&searchword=%E1%83%97%E1%83%94%E1%83%93%E1%83%98%E1%83%90%E1%83%A8%E1%83%95%E1%83%98%E1%83%9A%E1%83%98&searchphrase=any&ordering=newest&limit=5&limitstart=0]
[http://www.presa.ge/new/?m=news&NID=3719]
[http://www.diaspora.gov.ge/index.php?lang_id=geo&sec_id=77]
[http://www.ghn.ge/news-31310.html]
[http://geonews.ge/society/4854-bavshvta-saxls-miuloca.html]
[http://www.ghn.ge/news-31303.html]
[http://medianews.ge/index.php/ka/print/57120/]
[http://www.presa.ge/new/?m=news2&cal=20110107]
[http://itv.ge/?m=16&CID=15583]

</doc>
<doc id="31010657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010657" title="Laos national futsal team">
Laos national futsal team

The Laos national futsal team is controlled by the Lao Football Federation, the governing body for futsal in Laos and represents the country in international futsal competitions.
Players.
Current squad.
The following players were called up for the 2013 AFF Futsal Championship in Thailand during 19 – 27 October 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="31010666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010666" title="State of Buenos Aires">
State of Buenos Aires

The State of Buenos Aires ("Estado de Buenos Ayres") was a secessionist republic resulting from the overthrow of the Argentine Confederation government in the Province of Buenos Aires on September 11, 1852. The State of Buenos Aires was never recognized by the Confederation or by foreign nations; it remained, however, nominally independent under its own government and constitution. Buenos Aires rejoined the Argentine Confederation after its victory at the Battle of Pavón in 1861.
Historical overview.
Background.
Regionalism had long marked the relationship among the numerous provinces of what today is Argentina, and the wars of independence did not result in national unity. Following a series of disorders and a short-lived Constitutional Republic led by Buenos Aires centralist Bernardino Rivadavia in 1826 and 1827, the Province of Buenos Aires would function as a semi-independent state amid an internecine civil war. 
An understanding was entered into by Buenos Aires Governor Juan Manuel de Rosas and other Federalist leaders out of need and a shared enmity toward the still vigorous Unitarian Party. The latter's 1830 establishment of the Unitarian League from nine western and northern provinces would force Buenos Aires, Corrientes and Entre Ríos Provinces into the Federal Pact of 1831, and enabled the overthrow of the Unitarian League. 
The granting of the sum of public power to Rosas in 1835 established a dynamic whereby leaders ("caudillos") from the hinterland provinces would delegate certain powers, such as foreign debt payment or the management of international relations to the Buenos Aires leader. The Argentine Confederation thus functioned, albeit amid ongoing conflicts, until the 1852 Battle of Caseros, when Rosas was deposed and exiled.
Establishment.
The central figure in the overthrow of Rosas, Entre Ríos Governor Justo José de Urquiza, was granted the power of a head of state by the Palermo Protocols of April 6, 1852. This provoked resistance in Buenos Aires, however, which then refused to ratify the San Nicolás Agreement of May 31. The prospect of having the Argentine Congress headquartered in Santa Fe proved especially objectionable, and Urquiza's June 12 appointment of former President Vicente López y Planes failed to turn public opinion in Buenos Aires. Colonel Bartolomé Mitre rallied the Assembly against the San Nicolás Accords. The most contentious issue remained the Buenos Aires Customs, which remained under the control of the city government and was the chief source of public revenue. Nations with which the Confederation maintained foreign relations, moreover, kept all embassies in Buenos Aires (rather than in the capital, Paraná). 
Governor López y Planes ultimately resigned on July 26, prompting Urquiza to seize the governor's post through a Federal intervention decree. His departure to Santa Fe on September 8 for the inaugural session of Congress prompted the September 11 coup d'état against the provisional administration of Governor José Miguel Galán. Led in its military aspect by General José María Pirán and ideologically by Dr. Valentín Alsina and Colonel Mitre, the September 11 revolt created the foremost threat to both the Confederation and Urquiza: Alsina ordered General Juan Madariaga to invade Santa Fe within days of the coup (though without success).
Naming the aging Manuel Guillermo Pinto as Governor, Alsina secured the allegiance of the deposed Governor Galán, as well as of a number of key Federalist figures such as former top Rosas advisor Lorenzo Torres. Alsina, who was elected Governor by the Legislature on October 31, alienated Colonel Hilario Lagos, however. Lagos persuaded War Minister José María Floresto to leave Buenos Aires and, on December 1, initiated the Siege of Buenos Aires. Alsina resigned and Pinto, who served as president of the Legislature, again took office as Governor. 
The siege continued through June 1853, and Urquiza commissioned a naval flotilla to blockade Buenos Aires (whose chief source of revenue was duty collected at the port). The commander of the flotilla, U.S.-born Admiral John Halstead Coe, was bribed with 5,000 troy ounces of gold, however, on June 20, and following his relinquishment of the flotilla to Buenos Aires, Urquiza called off the siege on July 12.
Constitutional government.
Jurist Pastor Obligado was elected Governor by the Legislature on June 28, 1853. He obtained passeage of the Constitution of Buenos Aires on April 12, 1854, and initiated an ambitious public works program, installing the first gas lamps and running water system in the city, and establishing what later became the Colegio Nacional de Buenos Aires, as well as a network of public primary schools for the largely illiterate population at the time. The 1854 constitution, drafted by Dalmacio Vélez Sársfield, asserted the sovereignty of Buenos Aires, including its right to engage in its own diplomatic relations, as well as a bicameral legislature and freedom of worship.
Obligado abolished slavery and reformed the practice of emphyteusis, whereupon land could then be sold at a regulated rate of 16,000 silver pesos ("pesos fuerte", nearly at par with the U.S. dollar) per square league (4,428 acres). He established a national mint under the auspices of the Bank of the Province of Buenos Aires, and subsidies for industry and commerce; on August 30, 1857, the recently established Buenos Aires Western Railway inaugurated its first line, designed by British engineer William Bragge. A census conducted on October 17, 1855, found a population of 248,498 for the State of Buenos Aires, of which 71,438 lived in the capital.
Persistent budget deficits in the Confederation led the Paraná government to establish the Port of Rosario, and to enter into free trade agreements with the Port of Montevideo (to the detriment of Buenos Aires). Worsening relations led to the re-election of Valentín Alsina as Governor at the end of 1858, and in February 1859, Alsina enacted retaliatory tariffs against Confederate goods.
Tensions culminated in the Battle of Cepeda of October 23, 1859. Buenos Aires forces, led by General Mitre, were defeated by those led by President Urquiza. Ordered by Congress in Santa Fe to subjugate Buenos Aires separatists by force, Urquiza instead invited the defeated to join negotiations, though he obtained Alsina's resignation. These talks resulted in the Pact of San José de Flores of November 11, 1859, which provided for a number of constitutional amendments and led to other concessions, including an extension on the province's customs house concession and measures benefiting the Bank of the Province of Buenos Aires, whose currency was authorized for use as legal tender at the port (thereby controlling much of the nation's foreign trade).
Mitre ultimately abrogated the Pact of San José, leading to renewed civil war. These hostilities culminated in the 1861 Battle of Pavón, and to victory on the part of Mitre and Buenos Aires over Urquiza's national forces. President Santiago Derqui, who had been backed by Urquiza, and all Federalist governors resigned, and the Argentine Confederation was replaced by the Argentine Republic on December 17, 1861. Mitre, who despite victory reaffirmed his commitment to the 1860 constitutional amendments, was elected the republic's first president on September 4, 1862, and remained Governor of Buenos Aires as caretaker until his October 12, 1862, inaugural.

</doc>
<doc id="31010669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010669" title="Rock Creek Park, Colorado">
Rock Creek Park, Colorado

Rock Creek Park is a census-designated place (CDP) on State Highway 115 south of Cheyenne Mountain State Park in El Paso County, Colorado, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 58.
Demographics.
As of the 2010 census, there were 58 people living in Rock Creek Park. The racial makeup was 89.7% White and 3.4% African American. 3.4% of the population was Hispanic or Latino of any race.

</doc>
<doc id="31010699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010699" title="Cascades, Virginia">
Cascades, Virginia

Cascades is a census-designated place (CDP) in Loudoun County, Virginia. The population as of the 2010 United States Census was 11,912. Along with nearby Countryside and Lowes Island, it's considered one of the three main components of the Potomac Falls community (ZIP code 20165).

</doc>
<doc id="31010701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010701" title="Quebec municipal elections, 1997">
Quebec municipal elections, 1997

Several municipalities in the Canadian province of Quebec held municipal elections to elect mayors and councillors on November 2, 1997. The most closely watched contest was in Quebec City, where incumbent mayor Jean-Paul L'Allier was re-elected, although his supporters lost control of city council to the Civic Progress Party.

</doc>
<doc id="31010716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010716" title="Loudoun Valley Estates, Virginia">
Loudoun Valley Estates, Virginia

Loudoun Valley Estates is a census-designated place (CDP) in Loudoun County, Virginia. The population as of the 2010 United States Census was 3,656.

</doc>
<doc id="31010717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010717" title="St Helens Recreation Club">
St Helens Recreation Club

St Helens Recreation Club may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31010721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010721" title="Leonard Taplin">
Leonard Taplin

Lieutenant Leonard Thomas Eaton Taplin (16 December 1895–8 July 1961) qualified as a flying ace during World War I. During his service in Palestine, he helped pioneer the use of aerial photography for cartography. He then transferred to the Western Front and was credited with 12 official aerial victories. Postwar, he was an aviation pioneer in Australia, and a leading citizen in his adopted hometown.
Early life.
Taplin was born on 16 December 1895, his father was C. E. Taplin, an architect. On 8 May 1907, while living in Malvern, the ten-year-old Taplin broke his arm playing leap frog at school. In an early example of his courage, he first walked home, then a half mile to the doctor's, where he submitted to having the compound fractures of the bones in his arm set without anesthetic.
Taplin attended Prince Alfred College. After graduation, he took a job as assistant to his elder brother, who was engineer in charge of the Electrical Supply Company in Parramatta. He then joined the Australian Imperial Force as an engineer on 12 June 1915 so he could serve in World War I. On his enlistment form, he gave his birthplace as Adelaide and his occupation as electrical engineer. He also stated he was a natural born British subject. He listed his father, Charles Eaton Taplin, as next of kin, but also added Mrs. D. Taplin of Charing Cross, London as a second next of kin.
World War I.
After training in England, Taplin served nine months in France as a sapper. He applied for transfer to the Australian Flying Corps. On 8 November 1916, he was accepted for transfer. After pilot's training, he was assigned to 1 Squadron AFC in the Middle East as a Royal Aircraft Factory BE.2 pilot. He had not been in B Flight of the unit too long when he was in a crash near Khan Yunis. On 8 November 1917, while flying BE.2 serial number 4312 on a bombing sortie against Junction Station, Taplin wrecked the plane. His observer perished in the wreck, and Taplin was seriously injured.
However, Taplin had healed enough by the New Year that he was available to be assigned by General Allenby to a pioneering use of aerial photography for mapping. In January 1918, General Allenby used five Australian pilots from No. 1 Squadron AFC to photograph a area in Palestine as an aid to correcting and improving maps of the Turkish front. Taplin and fellow lieutenants Allan Runciman Brown, H. L. Fraser, Edward Patrick Kenny, and L. W. Rogers photographed a block of land stretching from the Turkish front lines deep into their rear areas. Beginning 5 January, they flew with a fighter escort to ward off enemy fighters. Using Royal Aircraft Factory BE.12 and Martinsyde airplanes, they not only overcame enemy air attacks, but also bucked 65 mile per hour winds, antiaircraft fire, and malfunctioning equipment to complete their task circa 19 January 1918.
On 17 January, during one of these photo sorties at , Taplin was plagued by a jamming camera while mapping Nablus. He decided to hold the joystick with his knees and dismantle the camera to clear its jam. Once the camera was disassembled, he was attacked by a German Albatros. Taplin drove him away with a burst of 30 rounds of machine gun fire, then completed repair of the camera and completed his mission.
On 5 March 1918, Taplin left the Middle East for duty piloting a Sopwith Camel with 4 Squadron AFC at Redlington, France. He scored his first aerial victory on 17 July 1918, using Camel serial number C8226 to destroy an Albatros two-seater reconnaissance plane southwest of Estaires. On 26 July, he was taking off at 0420 hours on a dawn bombing raid with Very flares and a high explosive and a phosphorus bomb in addition to his usual load of fuel and ammunition. When his speeding Camel hit a rut and broke its landing gear axle, Taplin unfastened his safety harness and exited the crash-in-progress post haste. The ensuing explosion slightly singed the fleeing pilot.
Taplin began usage of Sopwith Camel number 1407; he would score 10 victories with it. On 30 July, he drove a Fokker D.VII down out of control; the following day, scoring twice, he drove down a Fokker D.VII and drove down another. On 7 August 1918, he set an Albatros D.V afire in the air south of Laventie, and became an ace. Two days later, using Camel number D9432, he destroyed a Hannover recon plane north of Marquillies.
On 1 September, Taplin became a balloon buster, destroying a German observation balloon over Fromelles. The next day, he shot down and wrecked a Halberstadt recon plane east of Aubers. He then ruined a balloon on the morning of 3 September, and destroyed another that same evening. Two days later, he destroyed his fourth balloon in the morning, and sent a Fokker D.VII out of control in the evening. This dogfight ended his combat career. Outnumbered by a ratio of five or six to one, Taplin and his three squadronmates fell under the guns of German fighters from Jasta 26 and Jasta 27. As the fight began at , Taplin was shot through the right hand by German ace Christian Mesch, breaking Taplin's wrist and causing him to throw his Camel into a stall. He recovered with his left hand, then downed the Fokker that was his final win. He was then hit by another burst of fire that shattered the breech of his machine gun and sliced a shard of shrapnel into his nose. The stunned Taplin tumbled to altitude, followed by two Germans. After a skirmish with the Germans, which was settled by Taplin shooting down one of the Germans and chasing the other off, Taplin was no longer engaged by his aerial enemies. By now, the Australian was down to , coping with a rough-running engine and one-handed piloting, and exposed to ground fire. The wounded pilot and his damaged Camel endured several miles of small arms fire while attempting to return to friendly lines. Taplin crashed several hundred yards short of the German front lines and was taken prisoner.
Post World War I.
Leonard Taplin would not be repatriated from his prisoner of war camp until 1919, arriving home on 23 August 1919. He joined Norman Brearley's fledgling Western Australian Airlines as a pilot for Australia's first scheduled airline. After Brearley sold out, Taplin settled in Port Hedland and became one of its leading citizens. He supplied electricity to the town, and served as both its butcher and undertaker.
Taplin's divorce from Doreen Taplin was finalized on 15 October 1924; he was ordered to pay 3 pounds 10 shillings alimony weekly until her remarriage.

</doc>
<doc id="31010722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010722" title="Lowes Island, Virginia">
Lowes Island, Virginia

Lowes Island is a census-designated place (CDP) in Loudoun County, Virginia. The population as of the 2010 United States Census was 10,756. Along with nearby Countryside and Cascades, it's considered one of the three main components of the Potomac Falls community (ZIP code 20165).

</doc>
<doc id="31010730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010730" title="Moorefield Station, Virginia">
Moorefield Station, Virginia

Moorefield Station is a census-designated place (CDP) in Loudoun County, Virginia. The population as of the 2010 United States Census was 77. Moorefield Station is a mixed-use development currently in progress, located at the planned terminus of the Metrorail Silver Line.

</doc>
<doc id="31010734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010734" title="Sugarland Run, Virginia">
Sugarland Run, Virginia

Sugarland Run is a planned community in Loudoun County, Virginia. The population as of the 2010 United States Census was 11,799. It is north of State Route 7 and south of the Potomac River. Sugarland Run flows along the east side of the community. It is near Northern Virginia Community College - Sterling (NOVA). Sugarland Run is part of the Washington D.C. Metropolitan area and is 25 miles west of D.C.
Students in Sugarland Run attend schools that are part of Loudoun County Public Schools. There are two elementary schools for the community, Sugarland Elementary and Meadowland Elementary. Both elementary schools are located in Sugarland Run. Middle school students attend Seneca Ridge Middle School. High school students attend Dominion High School. Dominion High School is also the location of Loudoun county's gifted high school, Loudoun Academy of Science.
Sugarland Run has two homeowners' associations, Sugarland Run Homeowners Associations and Sugarland Run Townhouse Homeowners' Association. Sugarland Run community amenities include:
Sugarland Run consists of single family homes and townhomes which were build in the 1970's and 1980's. Homes boast large lots and ample green space. Most homes back to paved walking trails, woods or streams. In contrast to surrounding colonial-style neighborhoods, Sugarland Run homes are built in the California contemporary style with vaulted ceilings and modern exteriors.

</doc>
<doc id="31010739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010739" title="University Center, Virginia">
University Center, Virginia

University Center is a census-designated place (CDP) in Loudoun County, Virginia. The population as of the 2010 United States Census was 3,586.

</doc>
<doc id="31010761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010761" title="Ohinetahi">
Ohinetahi

Ōhinetahi ("The Place of One Daughter") is a valley, historic homestead, and formal garden on Teddington Road, Governors Bay, Christchurch, Canterbury Region, New Zealand. Ōhinetahi valley is situated at the head of Lyttelton Harbour while the Port Hills rise above Ōhinetahi. 
While the Ōhinetahi Homestead is considered to be a significant historic building in the small settlement of Governors Bay, the formal garden of Ōhinetahi is considered to be one of New Zealand's finest. Amongst the early owners of Ōhinetahi were William Sefton Moorhouse, Canterbury pioneer, and Thomas Potts, New Zealand's first conservationist; Sir Miles Warren, architect of the Christchurch Town Hall, was the last private owner, and gave it to New Zealand.
Etymology.
The place was once a heavily fortified Ngāti Māmoe pā. Approximately 300 years ago, it was overtaken by Te Rakiwhakaputa of Ngāi Tahu. After the pā's capture, Manuhiri, son of Te Rakiwhakaputa, resided here, fathering many sons and one daughter after whom the pā is named.
History.
The first known house was named Rosemary Cottage after one of Bishop Selwyn's daughters and was built by Christopher Alderson Calvert, a lawyer. Four subsequent owners followed before Moorhouse owned the 225 acre property, adding timber wings to the existing house. Moorhouse sold it to Thomas Potts in 1858 who built the stone house between 1863 and 1867. The garden framework, originally laid out in 1865 by Potts, New Zealand's first botanist, was established with trees such as Burbank plums. The variety of exotic trees and shrubs that Potts selected were on the advice of Kew Garden authorities. Potts 4 ha garden included a quince and variegated elm that still survive. After his death in 1888, the garden was left untended until it was mostly just a lawn around the house.
Sir Miles, one of New Zealand's foremost architects, his sister, Pauline Trengrove, and her husband, John, restored the large stone colonial villa and started the present garden in 1977. Since the mid-1990s, Sir Miles has tended the privately owned homestead by himself. The historic home was extensively damaged in the 2010 Canterbury earthquake.
In 2012 Miles Warren gave the homestead and gardens to New Zealand, and included a fund administered by the Ohinetahi Charitable Trust to cover maintenance.
Structure.
The woodland that surrounds the home of Sir Miles Warren is well structured and designed with views down to the harbour. Ōhinetahi uses the concept of "rooms" to create effect. The terraced garden is sectioned into groupings. Hedges shelter those plants that have difficulty in high winds. The garden is characterised by a herb potager, box-edged rose garden, and herbaceous borders. Other features of the English-inspired landscaping include a Red Garden (formerly white), ogee gazebo, pond, bridge, statues, stone and metal sculpture, and an Oamaru stonewall. The central lawn fronts the house's main façade, which has arched colonial verandas. A stream flows from the garden down to the harbour.
Flora.
Flora include Black Locust shade trees, a hedge of Monterey Cypress, as well as densely planted rhododendrons, camellias, and "Buxus". Though Potts introduced grasses, he found the Poa to be hard to eradicate.
Awards.
Ohinetahi has received the Garden of Distinction and Garden of Excellence Award. The homestead is registered as a Category I heritage building with the New Zealand Historic Places Trust.

</doc>
<doc id="31010765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010765" title="Hafez Intersection">
Hafez Intersection

Hafez Intersection is an intersection in northern central Shiraz, Iran where Azadi Boulevard, Golestan Boulevard and Hafez Street meet. The important locations near this location are Fars Governorship and Park-e Melli.

</doc>
<doc id="31010782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010782" title="The Bat People">
The Bat People

The Bat People is a 1974 film directed by Jerry Jameson and distributed by American International Pictures. Starring Stewart Moss and Marianne McAndrew, the film tells the story of a doctor who, after being bitten by a bat in a cave, undergoes an accelerating transformation into a man-bat creature.
"The Bat People" is also known by two alternate titles: "It Lives By Night" and "It’s Alive".
Synopsis.
Dr. John Beck, recently married, decides to take his wife, Cathy, spelunking in Carlsbad Cavern. While there, Dr. Beck, who specializes in bats, is bitten by a fruit bat. He is then, inexplicably, transformed into a vampire bat. While he escapes and seeks help from another doctor, it is clear the treatments are not working. In fact, they are aggravating his condition. Dr. Beck unwittingly goes on a killing spree, catching the attention of Sergeant Ward.
Parody.
The film was featured in the tenth season of "Mystery Science Theater 3000 (MST3K)" on July 18, 1999, under the name "It Lives By Night."
Reception.
The film performed poorly at the box office.

</doc>
<doc id="31010786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010786" title="Ellena">
Ellena

Ellena is a surname meaning Greek in Greek. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31010788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010788" title="Mihael Borko">
Mihael Borko

Mihael Borko is a consultant in astrology and a television presenter based in Slovenia. Mihael is former co-host of the fortune-telling show Danny's stars, (where he has hosted 100 shows actively).
Early life.
According to some of his television interviews, after an unusual early interest in esoteric studies and being inspired to visit several psychics, Mihael began teaching himself astrology at the age 15, and took up professional study 4 years later. He holds a certificate in general astrology.
Besides hosting a fortune-telling show Danny's stars in 2009–2010, his TV appearances also included interviews on RTV Pink and TV Veseljak (former TV Paprika).
In 2010, he also co-hosted a live weekly radio phone-in "The Good Fairy" on Radio Ljubljana.
Currently he is hosting a new television show Inventory 090 on TV Veseljak.

</doc>
<doc id="31010810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010810" title="Dinghurst fort">
Dinghurst fort

Dinghurst fort is an Iron Age univallate hillfort south of Churchill in Somerset, England. A scarp encircles the camp, high in the east and high in the west. The fort is also surrounded by a fosse. Bones, rings, and weapons have been found inside the fort.

</doc>
<doc id="31010812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010812" title="Gandikovvur">
Gandikovvur

Gandikovvur is a Village in Chakrayapet Mandal in Cuddapah District in Andhra Pradesh State. Gandikovvur is located 42.48 km distance from its District Main City Cuddapah. It is located 353 km distance from its State Main City Hyderabad. Gandikovvuru now become a faction village like "raktha charitra" film.
In this village
S.rami reddy,
M.muni reddy,
M.subbireddy,
R.umakanth reddy. These people became murdered.

</doc>
<doc id="31010815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010815" title="Swiss-German Sign Language">
Swiss-German Sign Language

Swiss-German Sign Language (German: "Deutschschweizer Gebärdensprache", abbreviated DSGS) is the primary deaf sign language of the German-speaking part of Switzerland. The language was established around 1828. In 2011 it was estimated that 7,500 deaf and 13,000 hearing people use DSGS. There are six dialects which developed in boarding schools for the deaf, in Zurich, Bernese, Basel, Lucerne, and St. Gallen, as well as in Liechtenstein. 
Name.
In Switzerland, the language is called "Gebärdensprache" ("Sign language") if a distinction from other languages is not required. In some sources it's called "Natürliche Gebärden" or "Natürliche Gebärdensprache", or Swiss Sign Language ("Langage gestuel suisse"). The former just means 'natural sign', like those for "sleep" or "eat", in contrast to "Abstrakte Gebärden" 'conceptual sign', and this term is therefore no longer used. Most English sources today uses the term "German-Swiss Sign Language" or "Swiss-German Sign Language".
Classification.
Wittmann (1991) suspects that Swiss-German Sign Language may be part of the French Sign Language family, but it is not close and this is not easy to demonstrate.
In Switzerland, the parentage of this language is still in research. A research, if DSGS could be a derivat of the German Sign Language (DGS) is planned, but it was observed, DSGS signers often are more open for borrowing loan signs from LSF-SR, the French Sign Language dialect of the Suisse Romande, and less from the DGS.
Literature.
Two books have been published in SignWriting.

</doc>
<doc id="31010820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010820" title="AHY">
AHY

AHY may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31010841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010841" title="Wetaug, Illinois">
Wetaug, Illinois

Wetaug is an unincorporated community in Pulaski County, Illinois, United States. Wetaug is south of Dongola.

</doc>
<doc id="31010903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010903" title="Walking My Baby Back Home (film)">
Walking My Baby Back Home (film)

Walking My Baby Back Home is a 1953 American musical comedy film starring Donald O'Connor, Janet Leigh, and Buddy Hackett. This was Hackett's film debut.
Excerpts of the film are used in the Columbo episode "The Forgotten Lady" where Janet Leigh plays an aging film star who nostalgically watches the film.

</doc>
<doc id="31010936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010936" title="Jena-Göschwitz station">
Jena-Göschwitz station

Jena-Göschwitz station (called "Göschwitz (Saale)" until December 2010) is a railway station in city of Jena in the German state of Thuringia. It is 152.21 metres above sea level and is located 32.22 km from Großheringen on the Saal Railway and 27.50 from Weimar station on the Weimar–Gera railway. It was opened and on 1 July 1876. It is classified by Deutsche Bahn as a category 4 station.
History.
The station was originally a modest establishment with three tracks. In 1879, the Saal Railway Company () opened the current platform 2. 
During World War II, the facilities of the station was not very badly damaged, in contrast to stations such as Jena Saal or Saalfeld. Between 1965 and 1973, the tracks were thoroughly refurbished by the East German Railways and the duplication of the adjacent sections of the line were restored (one track and the original electrification equipment had been removed after the war for reparations to the Soviet Union).
The entrance building of the Weimar-Gera Railway Company ("Weimar-Geraer Eisenbahn-Gesellschaft") was shared with the Saal Railway Company. It was rebuilt in 1959.
Between 1994 and 1996, Göschwitz station was rebuilt when the Saal Railway was electrified and overhead line equipment was installed for the second time.
Station name.
In 1923, the city of Jena requested that the station be renamed from "Göschwitz" to "Jena Süd" (Jena South), but this was rejected. In 1953, East German Railways rejected a proposal by the mayor of Göschwitz to change the name to "Göschwitz/Saale" or "Jena Süd". The first option was preferred, because there was no proposal to re-incorporate Göschwitz in the city of Jena. Since 1969 Göschwitz has been incorporated in Jena, but the name of the station remained unchanged, so the city of Jena often submitted proposals for a name change to "Jena-Göschwitz”. In December 2010, Deutsche Bahn announced the station would be renamed "Jena-Göschwitz".

</doc>
<doc id="31010968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010968" title="Six Ft Hick">
Six Ft Hick

SixFtHick is a swamp rock band from Brisbane, Australia, noted for the unpredictable antics of its two singers, brothers Geoff and Ben Corbett. Formed in 1995, the band have released four albums to date, relentlessly touring Australia and supporting artists such as The Jesus Lizard, Fugazi, The White Stripes, Beasts of Bourbon, TISM and Jon Spencer Blues Explosion.
On 5 November 2010, premiered as part of the Brisbane International Film Festival, the documentary centers around the band's third tour of Europe for which they performed fifteen shows in just eighteen days. It was first screened on Australian TV on the ABC 2 channel 16 February 2011 and has been shown internationally as part of various European film festivals.

</doc>
<doc id="31010978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010978" title="Adabiat Intersection">
Adabiat Intersection

Adabiat Intersection is an intersection in northern central Shiraz, Iran where Golestan Boulevard meets Chehel Maqam Boulevard. Important locations near this area are Daneshkade-ye Adabiat (Literature) and Daneshkade-ye Olum (Science).

</doc>
<doc id="31010989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010989" title="SHN (theatres)">
SHN (theatres)

SHN (formerly Shorenstein Hays Nederlander Theatres) is a theatrical production company in San Francisco. Under the leadership of commercial Broadway producers Carole Shorenstein Hays and Robert Nederlander, SHN has evolved from its inception in 1977 as a promoter of short engagements of national tours in one theatre to become the pre-eminent theatrical entertainment company in San Francisco presenting a year round season of plays and musicals. SHN also owns and operates three historic theatres in San Francisco: the Curran, Orpheum and Golden Gate Theatres. SHN also consults on the Broadway series at the AT&T Performing Arts Center in Dallas.
For over 30 years, SHN has presented a Broadway series including musicals and plays featuring world premieres, pre-Broadway engagements, limited West Coast-only runs of productions starring the original Broadway casts and national tours.
Notable productions.
SHN has hosted the world premieres and pre-Broadway engagements of numerous shows including: "Wicked", "Mamma Mia!", Baz Luhrman's "La Bohème," the 2006 revival of "A Chorus Line", "Legally Blonde The Musical", and a new musical stage version of "Irving Berlin's White Christmas (musical)". SHN engagements have kicked off the national tours of "Jersey Boys", "Spring Awakening", the Lincoln Center revival of "Rodgers and Hammerstein's South Pacific", "Avenue Q", "Edward Scissorhands", and "The Light in the Piazza", all immediately following their Broadway runs. SHN has presented the West Coast premieres of "Caroline, or Change", "I Am My Own Wife", "Spamalot", "The Color Purple", and the Pulitzer Prize winning play "". 
Blockbuster hit shows that spawn multiple companies in addition to their touring versions frequently establish West Coast sit-down engagements in San Francisco. "Wicked" returned to San Francisco playing a two year run, "Jersey Boys", "The Lion King", and "Les Misérables" each played for over a year, while "The Phantom of the Opera" broke records with an unsurpassed five-year run.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="31010990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31010990" title="Titanilla Bogdányi">
Titanilla Bogdányi

Titanilla Bogdányi (born April 12, 1986) is an Hungarian voice actor from Budapest.
Titanilla has been providing voice over-dubbing for film and animation since she was a small child. She has over-dubbed for Anne Hathaway, Miley Cyrus, Lindsay Lohan, Alexis Bledel, Jena Malone, and Dania Ramirez.

</doc>
<doc id="31011015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011015" title="Quebec municipal elections, 1989">
Quebec municipal elections, 1989

Several municipalities in the Canadian province of Quebec held municipal elections to elect mayors and councillors on November 5, 1989. One of the most closely watched contests was in Quebec City, where Jean-Paul L'Allier of the Rassemblement populaire party ended the twenty-five year rule of the Civic Progress Party. L'Allier defeated Civic Progress candidate Jean-Francois Bertrand by a fairly significant margin.

</doc>
<doc id="31011025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011025" title="Hitterdalen">
Hitterdalen

Hitterdalen is a village in the municipality of Røros in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway. The village is located on the road between Røros and Brekken, about half way between the two places. It sits about south of the lake Aursund. 
Hitterdal Chapel is located in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="31011028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011028" title="Galåa">
Galåa

Galåa is a village in the municipality of Røros in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway. It is located southwest of the town of Røros, along the Glåma river.

</doc>
<doc id="31011030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011030" title="Shatuo Dam">
Shatuo Dam

The Shatuo Dam () is a gravity dam on the Wu River in Yanhe Country, Guizhou Province, China. 
Construction.
The ground-breaking ceremony for the dam was held on June 28, 2006 and excavation commenced soon thereafter. In 2008, after the original river closure, part of the dam failed due to the karst foundation, had to be repaired. On April 19, 2009, the river was closed and the reservoir began to fill. All four generators were commissioned by 13 June 2013. A vertical ship lift is planned for the dam as well, its expected completion is in 2020.

</doc>
<doc id="31011037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011037" title="Snowbound (1948 film)">
Snowbound (1948 film)

Snowbound is a 1948 British thriller film directed by David MacDonald and starring Dennis Price, Stanley Holloway, Mila Parély, and Herbert Lom. A group of people search for treasure hidden by the Nazis in the Alps following the Second World War. It was based on the novel "The Lonely Skier" by Hammond Innes.

</doc>
<doc id="31011041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011041" title="Dark Discoveries">
Dark Discoveries

"Dark Discoveries" is an internationally distributed, quarterly slick magazine formerly published by Dark Discoveries Publications, and now published by Journalstone, LLC. It focuses primarily on the horror fiction, dark fantasy, and science fiction genres. The magazine's content includes short fiction, interviews, nonfiction articles, profiles of industry notables, and is fully illustrated.
Dark Discoveries Publications was originally founded in January, 2004 by James R. Beach of Longview, WA. The magazine began as a black and white periodical with David Emrich, of David Emrich Design, doing the layout and art direction from 2004 to 2007. Together Editor-in-chief Beach and designer Emrich created the basic look and feel of the magazine that continued through the first ten issues. Designer Cesar Puch briefly took over the layout for two issues in 2008, but left for a job with Bad Moon Books after that. 
"Dark Discoveries" then became a color publication in 2009 after Jason V Brock became Managing Editor, Graphic Designer (via JaSunni Productions, LLC, who also maintained the "Dark Discoveries" website) and Art Director in 2008, helping to salvage the magazine from being discontinued by publisher Beach. Among many novel ideas and new perspectives introduced by Brock (editorially, visually, and content-wise) was the concept of having each issue follow a topic to unify its thrust, a more graphically compelling look, and a renewed focus on media outside of the small press, namely film, television, and the art world. Brock left the magazine and the website in mid-2012; his last full issue was #19, which focused on extreme horror, though some of his ideas for topics were utilized into 2013, and he was credited as Art Director for issue #20, as the magazine was transitioned to new staff following Brock's departure to become Editor-in-Chief of the biannual horror literary publication "Nameless Digest", published by Cycatrix Press. 
"Dark Discoveries", both the magazine and name, were purchased by JournalStone, LLC. Owner/President Christopher C. Payne in August, 2012. The page count was expanded, the format changed to a perfect-bound magazine, and color was added to all of the pages, the page count was increased, and the format enlarged (all concepts Brock had predicted would be needed to continue the magazine). The current staff is led by Editor-in-Chief James R. Beach, Managing Editor Aaron J. French, Designer/Art Director Cyrus Wraith Walker, Assistant Editors Chuck Caruso, and Elizabeth Reuter, and Submissions Editor Lacey Friedly. Regular contributors and columnists include: Joel B. Kirkpatrick, Dr. Michael R. Collins, Yvonne Navarro, Robert Morrish, and Amy Shane.

</doc>
<doc id="31011043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011043" title="Quebec municipal elections, 1993">
Quebec municipal elections, 1993

Eight hundred and thirty-one municipalities in the Canadian province of Quebec held municipal elections to elect mayors and councillors on November 7, 1993. Incumbent mayor Jean-Paul L'Allier was re-elected in Quebec City and his Rassemblement Populaire party won sixteen out of twenty council seats.
Results.
Laval.
"Source: "Incumbents all re-elected in Montreal East voting," Montreal Gazette", 9 November 1993, A6."

</doc>
<doc id="31011045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011045" title="List of number-one albums of 2010 (Finland)">
List of number-one albums of 2010 (Finland)

This is the complete list of (physical and digital) number-one albums sold in Finland in 2010 according to Finland's Official List composed by Suomen Ääni- ja kuvatallennetuottajat ÄKT (since late August 2010, known as Musiikkituottajat – IFPI Finland).
The best-performing artist was Finnish singer Jenni Vartiainen with her second studio album "Seili", spending 12 weeks on the top spot. The second-best chart performer was Finnish singer Anna Puu with her second studio album "Sahara" spending 8 weeks atop the chart. Other major chart-toppers include "Strike!" by German The Baseballs, "Kunnes joet muuttaa suuntaa" by Finnish Maija Vilkkumaa and "The Final Frontier" by English Iron Maiden (all with three weeks atop the chart).
However, the top 10 list of the best-selling 2010 albums in Finland was the following:

</doc>
<doc id="31011058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011058" title="Antthony Mark Hankins">
Antthony Mark Hankins

Antthony Mark Hankins is an American fashion designer who founded Antthony Mark Hankins Inc. in 1994. By his mid-twenties he had built his own $40 million business and was named by Newsweek as one of the top 100 people to watch in America.
Early life.
Antthony has been featured in Business Week Magazine (November 1997), the Wall Street Journal (October 1995) and numerous other publications as a success story of a poor, African-American boy from a New Jersey factory town.
He was born in Elizabeth, New Jersey on November 10, 1968 to Mary Jane and Ramone Moya. He is the youngest of seven children and has a twin sister. His parents divorced when Antthony was young and at the age of twelve his mother remarried.
He attended art classes and sewing classes at Roosevelt Middle School in Roselle. In his free time he designed clothing for friends and colleagues. His first sewing machine cost $150 which he had loaned from a friend at the Elizabeth’s Union County courthouse where he worked part-time as an administrative assistant.
Education and career.
Early life.
His portfolio of pieces was the key to securing an interview to attend the Pratt Institute's School of Design in Brooklyn, New York from 1986-1988. Shortly after he graduated, at the age of nineteen, he was accepted at the École de la Chambre Syndicale de la Couture Parisienne in Paris, France as the second American and first African-American student.
To earn the $10,000 tuition and secure a plane ticket to Paris, Antthony contacted Christy Ferer, a fashion correspondent with the Today Show to help get him exposure. They agreed to do a two part piece the latter of which was shot in Paris and aired December 9, 1988. The national exposure opened doors for Antthony and from it an anonymous donation came in the mail which allowed him to secure a plane ticket to Paris.
From 1988-1989 Antthony continued to expand his education in fashion in Paris at the École de la Chambre Syndicale de la Couture Parisienne and is numbered among alumni including Karl Lagerfeld and Yves-Saint-Laurant.
The Chambre Syndicale governs the Paris fashion houses, setting the standards and rules of the industry. The school was founded in 1929 by the Chambre Syndicale to provide talent and skilled labor for the Paris design houses. 
As a student, Anthony Mark Hankins apprenticed with Yves Saint Laurant in Paris (1988–1990). Later, he also apprenticed for Adrienne Vittadini, Willi Smith (1986), Michael Paris, and Homer Layne (1987).
During that time it was at an interview with Bob Mackie, an Emmy winning designer for shows like Carol Burnett Show and The Sonny and Cher Comedy Hour, which pointed him towards the ready-to-wear mass market.
Antthony Originals.
Returning to the United States in 1992, Antthony Mark Hankins began working at JCPenney Corporation as the Quality Assurance Manager. In this role he utilized his skills and eye for fashion to drive his career forward. Within eight weeks he had been promoted to become the first and only in-house designer in the Minority Supplier Development Division at JCPenney’s corporate headquarters in Dallas.
Antthony left JCPenney in 1994 when he founded Ramone Moya Ltd. which was the umbrella company for the AMH Group and Antthony Mark Hankins Inc. JCPenney agreed to carry his initial line. The first article about the company ran in the July 2, 1994 issue of the Dallas Morning News headlined “Breaking Out of the Pattern” written by Maria Halkias.
Once his exclusivity with JCPenney expired he also marketed to Target with his line called “Authentics” and Kmart with “Anjalise.” His ready to wear collections were also featured in Nordstrom's and Sears. By 1996 he had revenues of $40 million in annual sales.
All of Antthony’s designs are created in the United States. He has had success selling worldwide in PX stores for the Army and Air Force Exchange Service (AAFES).
He was next approached by Black Entertainment Television to do a home-shopping program called BET Shop which had a direct connection to the Home Shopping Network. On March 31, 1996 he had his first appearance on HSN. He is now in his seventeenth year as a designer on the Home Shopping Network for ready-wear-fashions.
Fashion labels.
In addition to HSN The Antthony Design Studio collection is sold in department stores and boutiques across the nation.
References.
Bibliography.
Fabric of Dreams: Designing My Own Success
By Anthony Mark Hankins with Debbie Markley
Published March 1998

</doc>
<doc id="31011067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011067" title="Delta Queen Steamboat Company">
Delta Queen Steamboat Company

The Greene Line was a line of river steamships along the Ohio River. The name was later changed to Delta Queen Steamboat Company.
History.
The company was started in 1890 by Gordon C. Greene with Henry K. Bedford. When Gordon died in 1927 his sons: Christopher Becker Greene, Henry Wilkins Greene, and Thomas R. Greene ran the company.
In 1973 the company's name was changed to the Delta Queen Steamboat Company as the Greene family was no longer involved. In April 1976, the "Delta Queen" was sold to the Coca-Cola Bottling Co. of New York. Soon after that the Prudential Lines Inc. of San Francisco, California, became involved. In the early 1980s Sam Zell and Bob Lurie of Chicago, Illinois, acquired control of the outstanding stock. (Compensation to stockholders also included lifetime membership in the "Mark Twain Association," which grants half-price discounts on all "Delta Queen" and "Mississippi Queen" excursions.)
On October 19, 2001, American Classical Voyages, the parental company of the Delta Queen Steamboat Company and still under control of Sam Zell, filed for bankruptcy under Chapter 11. All boats finished their cruises except the "Delta Queen" which finished the season on January 5, 2002. Fortunately, the Delta Queen Steamboat Company was bought by Delaware North Companies, Inc., and the "Delta Queen" went back in service on August 26, 2002, the year of her 75th birthday.
In 2006 the Delta Queen Steamboat Company was sold again, this time to Ambassadors International, who formed a new cruise line called Majestic America Line, running now also the "Empress of the North", the "Columbia Queen", the "Queen of the West" and other ships.
Since the exemption for the "Delta Queen" from the Safety at Sea Act expired at the end of October 2008 she is no longer allowed to carry overnight passengers. As of February 2009 she is located in Chattanooga, Tennessee.
"Delta Queen" fans are still working on getting a renewal of the exemption from Congress.

</doc>
<doc id="31011099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011099" title="Thomas Whittemore (Universalist)">
Thomas Whittemore (Universalist)

Thomas Whittemore (January 1, 1800 - Cambridge, Massachusetts, March 21, 1861) was an influential member of the Universalist Church of America and founder and editor of "The Trumpet and Universalist" magazine (1828), which succeed the "Universalist" magazine of Hosea Ballou.
Like Ballou and Ballou's grand-nephew, Hosea Ballou 2nd, first president of Tufts College, Whittemore contributed to Universalist historiography claiming precedents for Universalist beliefs in earlier Christianity He co-founded with Thomas J. Sawyer of New York the Universalist Historical Society (1834). These histories were influential in bringing many readers to think of the Christians of the first centuries as Universalists.
Massachusetts Legislature.
From 1831-1836 Whittemore served as Cambridge's representative in the Massachusetts legislature, being involved in chairing the committee that led to the disestablishment of the Congregational Church and Unitarian Church, to whose special status Whittemore was opposed, from their privileged position written into the Constitution of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Whittmore viewed that "no civil government has a right to compel the citizens to support any system of religion whatsoever." and supported calls for a popular referendum for separation of church and state in 1834, the result of which brought Massachusetts into line with the First Amendment to the United States Constitution.
He was buried in Mount Auburn Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="31011108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011108" title="Utricularia inthanonensis">
Utricularia inthanonensis

Utricularia inthanonensis is a terrestrial lithophytic carnivorous plant that belongs to the genus "Utricularia". It is endemic to northern Thailand in Doi Inthanon National Park where it is only known from the type locality. It grows on moist granite rocks at altitudes around . It is closely related to "U. garrettii", another species endemic to Thailand, and differs from it in corolla, seed, and bladder morphology. "Utricularia inthanonensis" can also be found growing with "U. striatula". It was first formally described by Piyakaset Suksathan (of the Queen Sirikit Botanic Garden) and John Adrian Naicker Parnell (of Trinity College, Dublin) in 2010 from collections made by Suksathan in 2005 and 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="31011159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011159" title="Mark T. Maybury">
Mark T. Maybury

Mark Thomas Maybury, PhD (born December 13, 1964) is an American computer scientist. He is Chief Scientist of the United States Air Force, Washington, D.C.. He serves as chief scientific adviser to the Chief of Staff of the Air Force and Secretary of the U.S. Air Force, and provides assessments on a wide range of scientific and technical issues affecting the Air Force mission.
A former Air Force officer, Maybury is currently on a leave of absence as an Executive Director at the MITRE Corporation. He is editor or co-author of 10 books and 60 refereed publications. He is an IEEE Fellow and has been awarded several U.S. patents.

</doc>
<doc id="31011163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011163" title="Maldives national futsal team">
Maldives national futsal team

The Maldives national futsal team is controlled by the Football Association of Maldives, the governing body for futsal in the Maldives and represents the country in international futsal competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="31011170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011170" title="The Buster Keaton Story">
The Buster Keaton Story

The Buster Keaton Story is a 1957 American black and white film starring Donald O'Connor as Buster Keaton. The film was described by the "New York Times" as "sublimely inaccurate" regarding details of Keaton's life. It was produced by Paramount Pictures, which paid Keaton $50,000 for the rights to his life story, allowing Keaton to remain financially solvent for the remainder of his life. 

</doc>
<doc id="31011172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011172" title="Nuestra Belleza Guanajuato 2010">
Nuestra Belleza Guanajuato 2010

Nuestra Belleza Guanajuato 2010, was held at the Auditorio Municipal Mariano Abasolo Dolores Hidalgo, Guanajuato, Mexico on July 23, 2010. At the conclusion of the final night of competition, Helena Baca of León was crowned the winner. Baca was crowned by outgoing Nuestra Belleza Guanajuato titleholder, Clementina Velázquez. Ten contestants competed for the state title.
"Helena Baca" triumph was discused for several reasons, among them that she is not from León but from Lagos de Moreno Jalisco

</doc>
<doc id="31011183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011183" title="James Blackmon, Sr.">
James Blackmon, Sr.

James Blackmon, Sr. (born August 7, 1964) is an American basketball coach and former noted college and high school player. Blackmon has coached two teams to the class 2A high school basketball championship in Indiana, winning back-to-back titles in 2008 and 2009. Blackmon played basketball in college for the University of Kentucky Wildcats. As a senior at Marion High School,in Marion, IN, Blackmon was runner-up for the award of Indiana Mr. Basketball, won that year by Steve Alford. Blackmon was named to the McDonald's All-American and Parade All-American teams in recognition of his high school success.
Coaching career.
Bishop Luers High School, Fort Wayne, IN.
The 2012/13 season was Blackmon's 9th year as head coach at Bishop Luers High School. Blackmon was hired as head coach for the 2004/05 season, taking over a team whose combined record was 7-33 for the prior two seasons. Blackmon has revised the boys' image at a school better known for its championship history in Indiana high school girls basketball. During his tenure, the Knights' play in the state tournament has resulted in 2 state basketball championships and 5 sectional championships. In addition, the Knights have won 3 conference tournament titles and 2 conference regular season championships.
Past players coached by Blackmon include Deshaun Thomas, the 2010 Indiana Mr. Basketball and holder of 3rd place in the list of the state's all-time leading scorers. His current team features his sons, James Blackmon, Jr. and Vijay Blackmon.
The 2007/08 Knights won the Summit Athletic Conference holiday tournament for the first time in school history. The win was the first of 3 consecutive tournament titles. The Knights went on to win the Class 2A Indiana high school basketball championship in 2007/08 and again in 2008/09.
The Knights have won 5 sectional titles under Blackmon's leadership, in consecutive seasons starting with 2006/07 and ending in 2009/10 and later in 2012/13.
The 2010/2011 Knights won their first SAC regular season title with a win in their final regular season game.
In May 2011, Blackmon resigned as head coach to accept a similar position at his alma mater.
The 2011/2012 Knights repeated as SAC regular season champions.
In April 2013, Blackmon resigned as head coach to accept the position offered to him two years earlier at Marion High School.
Marion High School, Marion, IN.
Blackmon announced he was leaving Bishop Luers after he was named head coach on May 11, 2011 by a 5-2 vote by the school board of the Marion Community Schools. With the move, Blackmon would be returning to his alma mater, a school whose rich basketball tradition includes the second-most titles in the history of Indiana high school basketball. Later that same month, in a dramatic change of events, Blackmon sent his letter of resignation to Marion and announced that he would be retaining his position as head coach at Bishop Luers.
In 2013, rumors tied Blackmon to Marion High School again when it was reported that he had been interviewed for the head coach's job. On April 24, 2013, the Marion Community Schools board voted unanimously to offer the position to Blackmon after the recent resignation of the prior head basketball coach. Once again, Blackmon accepted. Blackmon commented that he reneged after the previous hiring due to problems certain board members and others had with that selection process. This time, the board's 7-0 vote was met with warmth and ovations from those in attendance.
Playing career.
Professional.
Blackmon was drafted by the New Jersey Nets in the 5th round, the 94th pick overall in the 1987 NBA Draft. However, he never played in an NBA game.
College.
Season schedule
Season schedule
Season schedule
Season schedule<br>
Blackmon's value was evident right from the start. He was one of only 5 Wildcats who played in all 34 games that season.

</doc>
<doc id="31011196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011196" title="Myanmar national futsal team">
Myanmar national futsal team

The Myanmar national futsal team is controlled by the Myanmar Football Federation, the governing body for futsal in Myanmar and represents the country in international futsal competitions.
Players.
Current squad.
The following players were called up for the 2013 AFF Futsal Championship in Thailand during 19 – 27 October 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="31011231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011231" title="Tia (Maori explorer)">
Tia (Maori explorer)

Tia was an early Maori explorer and chief. He is responsible for the names of various features and settlements around the central North Island. Horohoro is named after an incident when he touched the dead body of an important chief and was cleansed by a priest in a ceremony known as Te Horohoroinga-nui-a-Tia (the great cleansing of Tia). Ātiamuri means Tia who follows behind due to the murkiness of the Waikato River leading him to believe someone was ahead of him. A set of river rapids along the river, near present day Wairākei became known as Aratiatia (the stairway of Tia). Along the shores of Lake Taupo he noticed some peculiar coloured cliffs that resembled his rain coat and named them "the great cloak of Tia" or Taupō-nui-a-Tia in Maori.This name was later shortened and given to the lake and township.

</doc>
<doc id="31011248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011248" title="Oman national futsal team">
Oman national futsal team

The Oman national futsal team is controlled by the Oman Football Association, the governing body for futsal in Oman and represents the country in international futsal competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="31011263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011263" title="Saudi Arabia national futsal team">
Saudi Arabia national futsal team

The Saudi Arabia national futsal team is controlled by the Saudi Arabia Football Federation, the governing body for futsal in Saudi Arabia and represents the country in international futsal competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="31011269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011269" title="Heterogeneous water oxidation">
Heterogeneous water oxidation

Heterogeneous Water Oxidation
Water oxidation is one of the half reactions of water splitting:
2H2O → O2 + 4H+ + 4e− Oxidation (generation of dioxygen)
4H+ + 4e− → 2H2Reduction (generation of dihydrogen)
2H2O → 2H2 + O2Total Reaction
Of the two half reactions, the oxidation step is the most demanding because it requires the coupling of 4 electron and proton transfers and the formation of an oxygen-oxygen bond. This process occurs naturally in plants photosystem II to provide protons and electrons for the photosynthesis process and release oxygen to the atmosphere. Since hydrogen can be used as an alternative clean burning fuel, there has been a need to split water efficiently. However, there are known materials that can mediate the reduction step efficiently therefore much of the current research is aimed at the oxidation half reaction also known as the Oxygen Evolution Reaction (OER). Current research focuses on understanding the mechanism of OER and development of new materials that catalyze the process.
Thermodynamics.
Both the oxidation and reduction steps are pH dependent. Figure 1 shows the standard potentials at pH 0 (strongly acidic) as referenced to the normal hydrogen electrode (NHE).
2 half reactions (at pH = 0)
Oxidation2H2O → 4H+ + 4e− + O2E° = 1.23 V vs. NHE
Reduction4H+ + 4e− → 2H2E° = 0.00 V vs. NHE
Overall2H2O → 2H2 + O2E°cell = 1.23 V; ΔG = 475 kJ/mol 
Water splitting can be done at higher pH values as well however the standard potentials will vary according to the Nernst equation and therefore shift by -59 mV for each pH unit increase. However, the total cell potential (difference between oxidation and reduction half cell potentials) will remain 1.23 V. This potential can be related to Gibbs free energy (ΔG) by:
ΔG°cell = −nFE°cell
Where n is the number of electrons per mole products and F is the Faraday constant. Therefore, it takes 475 kJ of energy to make one mole of O2 as calculated by thermodynamics. However, in reality no process can be this efficient. Systems always suffer from an overpotential that arise from activation barriers, concentration effects and voltage drops due to resistance. The activation barriers or activation energy is associated with high energy transition states that are reached during the electrochemical process of OER. The lowering of these barriers would allow for OER to occur at lower overpotentials and faster rates.
Mechanism.
Heterogeneous OER is sensitive to the surface which the reaction takes place and is also affected by the pH of the solution. The general mechanism for acidic and alkaline solutions is shown below. Under acidic conditions water binds to the surface with the irreversible removal of one electron and one proton to form a platinum hydroxide. In an alkaline solution a reversible binding of hydroxide ion coupled to a one electron oxidation is thought to precede a turnover-limiting electrochemical step involving the removal of one proton and one electron to form a surface oxide species. The shift in mechanism between the pH extremes has been attributed to the kinetic facility of oxidizing hydroxide ion relative to water. Using the Tafel equation, one can obtain kinetic information about the kinetics of the electrode material such as the exchange current density and the Tafel slope. OER is presumed to not take place on clean metal surfaces such as Platinum, but instead an oxide surface is formed prior to oxygen evolution.
Catalyst Materials.
OER has been studied on a variety of materials including:
Preparation of the surface and electrolysis conditions have a large effect on reactivity (defects, steps, kinks, low coordinate sites) therefore it is difficult to predict an OER material's properties by its bulk structure. Surface effects have a large influence on the kinetics and thermodynamics of OER.
Platinum.
Platinum has been a widely studied material for OER because it is the catalytically most active element for this reaction. It exhibits exchange current values on the order of 10−9 A/cm2. Much of the mechanistic knowledge of OER was gathered from studies on platinum and its oxides. It was observed that there was a lag in the evolution of oxygen during electrolysis. Therefore an oxide film must first form at the surface before OER begins. The Tafel slope, which is related to the kinetics of the electrocatalytic reaction, was shown to be independent of the oxide layer thickness at low current densities but becomes dependant on oxide thickness at high current densities 
Ruthenium oxide.
Ruthenium oxide (RuO2) shows some of the best performance as an OER material in acidic environments. It has been studied since the early 1970s as a water oxidation catalyst with one of the lowest reported overpotentials for OER at the time. It has since been investigated for OER in Ru(110) single crystal oxide surfaces, compact films, Titanium supported films. RuO2 films can be prepared by thermal decomposition of ruthenium chloride on inert substrates.

</doc>
<doc id="31011271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011271" title="ISIRI 13140">
ISIRI 13140

ISIRI 13140 is a standard published by the Institute of Standards and Industrial Research of Iran (ISIRI) in 2011 based on Directive 78/764/EEC. It defines "Driver's seat on wheeled agricultural or forestry tractors".
Related sources.
Other related sources are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="31011272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011272" title="Summer Rain (Matthew Morrison song)">
Summer Rain (Matthew Morrison song)

"Summer Rain" is the debut single by American actor and singer Matthew Morrison. The song was written by Morrison and Claude Kelly, and co-written and produced by Espionage.
Promotion.
The song "Summer Rain" made its world premiere on February 28, 2011 on Ryan Seacrest's KIIS-FM radio show. It was made available for purchase on March 8, 2011, and Morrison made performances and promotional rounds on "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno" on April 6 and the "The Ellen DeGeneres Show" on April 11. Remixes for the song have been done by Almighty Records.

</doc>
<doc id="31011286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011286" title="Singapore national futsal team">
Singapore national futsal team

The Singapore national futsal team is controlled by the Football Association of Singapore, the governing body for futsal in Singapore and represents the country in international futsal competitions.
Fixture and results.
Friendly Match
Futsal Cup Singapore & Malaysia.
Cups Match

</doc>
<doc id="31011292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011292" title="Otto Richard Kierulf">
Otto Richard Kierulf

Otto Richard Kierulf (29 January 1825 – 7 January 1897) was a Norwegian military officer, politician and sports administrator. 
He was the first leader of Centralforeningen for Udbredelse af Legemsøvelser og Vaabenbrug, first from 1861 to 1864, and again from 1867 to 1869. 
He was a member of Frederik Stang's cabinet from 1871, as Prime Minister in Stockholm.

</doc>
<doc id="31011310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011310" title="Ferris House">
Ferris House

Ferris House may refer to any of the following historic buildings in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="31011366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011366" title="Viacheslav Dinerchtein">
Viacheslav Dinerchtein

Viacheslav Dinerchtein (born October 30, 1976) is a prominent violist and an avid promoter of both novel and overlooked viola repertoire. His performances as a recitalist and chamber musician have taken him to prestigious venues, such as the Kennedy Center, Carnegie Hall, and Palacio de Bellas Artes. He has appeared in a large number of music festivals in both North and South America and in Europe and has been a guest artist at International Viola Congresses. Dinerchtein is the dedicatee of several modern compositions for viola, president of the Swiss Viola Society, an editor at Ovation Press, and a member of the Lipkind String Quartet.
Dinerchtein was born in Belarussia and immigrated to Mexico in 1991. He resides with his family in Zurich, Switzerland. 
His teachers include his father Boris Dinerchtein, Joseph de Pasquale at the Peabody Conservatory, and Roland Vamos at Northwestern University.
Dinerchtein holds the title of Doctor of Musical Arts from Northwestern University.

</doc>
<doc id="31011375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011375" title="Persitema Temanggung">
Persitema Temanggung

Persitema stands for Persatuan Sepakbola Indonesia Temanggung ("en: Football Association of Indonesia Temanggung"). Persitema Temanggung is an Indonesian football club based in Temanggung, Central Java. Club played in Liga Indonesia First Division. 
Persitema stadium named Bhumi Phala Stadium. Its location was in downtown Temanggung, Central Java. This club has a fanatical supporter named TasMania (Temanggung Supporter Mania).

</doc>
<doc id="31011390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011390" title="Horohoro, New Zealand">
Horohoro, New Zealand

Horohoro is a farming district south-west of Rotorua, New Zealand. It was one of the first areas in Āpirana Ngata’s 1929 land development scheme, which established farms on Māori land. Horohoro’s full name is Te horohoroinga o-ngā-ringaringa-a-Kahumatamomoe, named after an incident where the explorer Kahumatamomoe was cleansed by a priest after he touched the dead body of an important chief.

</doc>
<doc id="31011404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011404" title="Duván Zapata">
Duván Zapata

Duván Esteban Zapata Banguera (born 4 January 1991) is a Colombian footballer who plays as a striker for Napoli in Serie A.
Club career.
América de Cali.
Zapata began his football career playing for the youth set-up of América de Cali. He was soon promoted to the first team in 2008, the same year he made his professional debut. As time progressed, he gradually made himself a regular starter. On 13 February 2011, Zapata not only scored his first goal but also his first hat trick in a 3-2 victory against Deportivo Pereira. After taking part in the Colombian squad that disputed the 2011 FIFA U-20 World Cup, it was announced that Zapata would join Argentine club Estudiantes de La Plata on loan. In total, Zapata played 65 matches and only marked 9 goals, mainly due to the fact that he wasn't given many minutes on the pitch.
Estudiantes.
In 2011, Zapata would join Estudiantes on loan for a fee of $120,000. The loan would consist of one year and an option to buy for $1.2 million.
On his debut, Zapata netted a goal in a 3-2 win over Belgrano. During his first year in a foreign league, Zapata would occasionally make appearances in Estudiante's reserve team. He was later promoted to the first team where he managed to score 4 goals in 8 games in the Torneo Clausura 2012. That year, within both the Apertura and Clasura, Zapata scored 5, achieving this tally in 11 matches. During the summer of 2012, Estudiantes bought 50% of Zapata's registration rights from América de Cali. 
For the 2013-13 season, Zapata broke in the starting eleven. He eventually turned into a fundamental part for the club and at the same time receive interest from European clubs.
In July 2013, English Premier League club West Ham United applied for a British work permit for Zapata ahead of a possible transfer from Estudiantes to the club. Although not meeting the usual requirements for a permit West Ham attempted to secure his arrival by claiming he was a "special talent" who would enhance the English game. 
Zapata scored 23 goals in 46 games before being sold to Italian club Napoli.
Napoli.
On 25 August 2013, Zapata officially transferred to Italian side Napoli.
On 28 September 2013, he made his first start in Serie A against Genoa, which Napoli won 2-0.
On 22 October 2013, he scored his first goal in the UEFA Champions League against Marseille. A game which Napoli won 1-2.

</doc>
<doc id="31011405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011405" title="Don Mason">
Don Mason

Donald Stetson Mason (born December 20, 1944) was a second baseman in Major League Baseball. He played for the San Francisco Giants and San Diego Padres.

</doc>
<doc id="31011414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011414" title="Lego Mickey Mouse">
Lego Mickey Mouse

Lego Mickey Mouse was a Lego theme based around the classic Disney animated short characters Mickey Mouse, Minnie Mouse, and Pluto, construction-wise based heavily on the earlier Fabuland theme.
There was also a Disney's Baby Mickey series:

</doc>
<doc id="31011417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011417" title="ISIRI 13139">
ISIRI 13139

ISIRI 13139 is a standard published by the Institute of Standards and Industrial Research of Iran (ISIRI) in 2011 based on Directive 2009/61/EC. It defines "Installation of lighting and light-signalling devices on wheeled agricultural and forestry tractors".
Related sources.
Other related sources are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="31011428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011428" title="Horohoro">
Horohoro

Horohoro may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31011436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011436" title="Bureau of Censorship (Russian Empire)">
Bureau of Censorship (Russian Empire)

The Bureau of Censorship () was a bureau set up in the Ministry of Education of the Russian Empire following the passage of an enabling law on July 9, 1804.
The censorship statute read, in part:
The central committee of censorship was the St. Petersburg Censorship Committee, which reported directly to the trustees of the St. Petersburg school district. Censorship committees were also established in Moscow, Vilnius, and Tartu, and later in other districts. All printed material and manuscripts were subject to the bureau's oversight and approval.

</doc>
<doc id="31011446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011446" title="Nuestra Belleza Guerrero">
Nuestra Belleza Guerrero

Nuestra Belleza Guerrero is a pageant in Guerrero, Mexico, that selects that state's representative for the national Nuestra Belleza México pageant.
In 2000, 2001, 2002, 2005 and 2007 was not sent to a State Representative.
The State Organization hasn't had a national winner in Nuestra Belleza México.
Titleholders.
Below are the names of the annual titleholders of Nuestra Belleza Guerrero, listed in ascending order, and their final placements in the Nuestra Belleza México after their participation.

</doc>
<doc id="31011459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011459" title="Usagi Drop (film)">
Usagi Drop (film)

"Usagi Drop" made its international debut at the 14th Shanghai International Film Festival, where it was warmly received. It was subsequently released in Japanese cinemas on 20 August 2011.
Plot.
The film is about Daikichi, an unmarried office worker with no girlfriend, who ends up living with the six-year-old illegitimate child of his dead grandfather. This girl is called Rin, and Daikichi suddenly declares that he will raise her himself while his relatives discuss arrangements to put her in a foster home.
Production.
Development.
Shodensha's Feel Young women's magazine officially announced on 8 June 2010 that the manga "Usagi Drop" would be adapted into a　live-action film. The director, Sabu, made his directorial debut with the film "Bullet Runner" in 1996, and since then, he had directed many other widely acclaimed films at various international film festivals. Sabu, together with scriptwriter Tamio Hayashi, was in charge of adapting the screenplay of the film from the manga "Usagi Drop".
The film's cast was officially announced on 5 August 2010. Kenichi Matsuyama, who had previously starred in films like "Death Note" and "Gantz", plays Daikichi, a 30-year old who raises the illegitimate child of his grandfather. This was the first time Kenichi had played the role of a father. Child actress Mana Ashida played alongside him in the role of Rin, the illegitimate six-year old child of Daikichi's grandfather. Mana Ashida had previously starred in the television series "Mother".
Filming.
The filming of Usagi Drop took place started in a residential area of Kawasaki in Kanagawa Prefecture. Filming started on 21 July 2010, ending the same month.
Director Sabu mentioned that the entire filming was done without a prepared script. He had reportedly done that because he wanted to have a natural reaction from the actors. The filming staff was told of this just before the production of the film began. Mana Ashida and Ruiki Sato, who played the roles of Rin's kindergarten classmates, therefore did not have a prepared script to follow during shooting. Instead, they spent one month with the film's assistant director going through each and every scene in detail before the actual filming.
A video of the filming showed that actor Kenichi Matsuyama was like a "natural parent" to fellow child actress Mana Ashida. In a scene where they were shopping at a department store, Kenichi looked peaceful while choosing bags and shoes for Mana Ashida.
Post-production.
It was officially announced on 21 February 2011 that "Usagi Drop" would be released in Japan on 20 August 2011. The film poster was also unveiled to the public at the same time. An official film teaser was also put up on the film's official website on the same day. The official full-length trailer of the film was added to the film's website on 29 April 2011.
It was later announced that "Usagi Drop" would be involved in a tie-up up with The Japan Crime Prevention Association and participate in their public advocacy program, with "Usagi Drop" posters placed in public areas such as the police headquarters, and educational institutions.
Theme song.
The theme song of this film is the song "Sweet Drops", sung by the duo Puffy. The same song was also be used for the anime television series adaptation of the same manga. 
The theme song was officially announced on 2 April 2011. The duo said that they were big fans of the original "Usagi Drop" manga series, and that they used "lovely flowers" as material for this song. "Sweet Drops" was also released on the 15th anniversary of Puffy's debut into the music scene.
Release.
"Usagi Drop" made its film festival debut at the 14th Shanghai International Film Festival. Actor Kenichi Matsuyama made a surprise appearance there, and received a very warm reception from the audience. All of the approximately 3,000 seats available for the film's six screenings at the festival sold out.
"Usagi Drop" had a special screening prior to its cinema release at Osaka Station City Cinema in Osaka Station, Osaka on 12 July 2011. Director Sabu and the lead actress Mana Ashida were present to greet the audience there. Another special screening was held at Roppongi cinema in Tokyo on 18 August 2011. There, actor Nobuhiko Takada made a special guest appearance.
"Usagi Drop" was officially released in Japan on 20 August 2011. The film's cast were present to greet the audience at the film's debut ceremony at the Shinjuku Piccadilly. Actress Yumi Yoshimura also made a surprise guest appearance at the event. "Usagi Drop" was released on 110 screens across Japan on its debut weekend.
Reception.
Box office.
During its debut weekend on 20–21 August 2011, the film "Usagi Drop" became the 9th highest grossing film in Japanese cinemas. Over this two-day period, "Usagi Drop" attracted an audience of around 80,000 people, and grossed about 100 million yen nationwide.
Critical reception.
Mark Schilling of "The Japan Times" labelled the film "Usagi Drop" as "Bunny-based drama is a warm but overly fluffy tail" and gave it an overall score of 2.5 out of 5. He praised the main cast, saying that "(Kenichi) Matsuyama ... works well with pint-sized costar Ashida." and added that Kenichi was like a "like a caring, playful big brother". He also praised child actress Mana Ashida, saying that she "seamlessly accomplishes her evolution from forlorn waif to perky if unusually perceptive kid, while effortlessly charming everyone." However, the reviewer criticized the film for "the lack of friction between the (main) characters". He also criticized the "tear-jerking cliches" in the film, which he said was "Sabu's biggest problem as a director".

</doc>
<doc id="31011469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011469" title="Appirio">
Appirio

Appirio Inc. is an information technology consulting company headquartered in San Francisco, California (USA) that offers technology and professional services to companies wishing to adopt public cloud applications. This includes Software-as-a-Service and Platform-as-a-Service technologies like Salesforce.com, Google Apps, Workday, Cornerstone OnDemand and Amazon Web Services.
History.
Appirio was founded by Chris Barbin (former Borland Software CIO), Narinder Singh, Glenn Weinstein, and Mike O’Brien in 2006. In 2007, Appirio established its headquarters in Salesforce.com’s Startup Incubator in San Mateo. In 2012, Appirio moved its headquarters again to San Francisco.
In early 2008, Appirio secured a Series A investment of $1.1 million from Salesforce.com and angel investors. The firm next secured $5.6 million in Series B funding from Sequoia Capital in July 2008. A Series C round came in February 2009 with a $10 million funding from Sequoia Capital
and GGV Capital. A Series D funding round for $60 million followed in March 2012, led by private equity firm General Atlantic.
In October, 2009, Appirio's Chief Architect, Jason Ouellette released a book titled "Development with the Force.com Platform: Building Business Applications in the Cloud", released under Addison-Wesley Professional. In April 2010, Appirio was named "OnDemand Company of the Year" by AlwaysOn, selected as a "Best Place to Work in the Bay Area" by the "San Francisco Business Times", and listed in Gartner’s “Who's Who in Cloud Computing/SaaS Integration”. In July, 2010, Appirio was featured in "The New Polymath: Profiles in Compound-Technology Innovations", a technology novel written by Vinnie Mirchandani.
In December 2011, Appirio acquired Saaspoint, a provider of cloud consulting services in Europe. In November 2012, it went on to acquire Knowledge Infusion, a human resources and talent management advisory and consulting services firm.
In September 2013, Appirio acquired TopCoder, a community of 500,000 developers, engineers and designers that find and collaborate on software development assignments ranging from applications and websites, to back-end corporate systems. CloudSpokes, Appirio’s competing platform with 75,000 users, was merged into TopCoder in January 2014.
Appirio is currently headquartered in San Francisco, with satellite offices in Indianapolis, Indiana; Minato, Tokyo, Japan; London, UK; Dublin, Ireland; and Jaipur, India. The Jaipur office is situated in the Mahindra World City, Jaipur Special Economic Zone, situated 20 km southwest of Jaipur.
Appirio runs as a serverless company, utilizing only public cloud solutions and no in-house datacenter.
Competition.
Appirio ranks among firms like Acumen Solutions, Astadia, Bluewolf, and Cloud Sherpas in the market for cloud computing solutions.

</doc>
<doc id="31011482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011482" title="B96 Pepsi SummerBash">
B96 Pepsi SummerBash

The B96 Pepsi SummerBash is an annual concert typically held on the second Saturday in June, in the Chicago area. First held in 1992 and presented by Chicago radio station B96, the concert has been title-sponsored by Pepsi in recent years. The event has been held at Toyota Park in the suburb of Bridgeview since the venue opened in 2006; that year's edition of SummerBash was the first non-soccer event held at the stadium. Other venues that have played host to the event include the First Midwest Bank Amphitheater in Tinley Park, Joliet Raceway, and Maywood Park, all in the suburban Chicago area. Noted for featuring several marquee performers in a day-long series of sets, the event is considered to be one of the premier annual radio station concerts in the U.S. by many in the radio industry, along with events such as the 102.7 KIIS-FM's Jingle Ball, Wango Tango, Z100's Jingle Ball, and rock station 105.7 The Point - St. Louis' Point Fest.
2007.
In 2007, SummerBash was held on Saturday, June 14,2014
Other artists appearing at the 2007 SummerBash included MIMS, Gym Class Heroes, Paula Deanda, and Dude 'n Nem. The 2007 edition of SummerBash was marred by several notable incidents, including a disturbance in the stands and between set performances that one critic described as "repetitive" and "like listening to a broken record", as well as short set lengths by both Rihanna and Akon, the latter despite being the event's headlining act.
2008.
2008 saw the event return to its previous date of the second Saturday in June, this time occurring on June 14. On an 83-degree day in Bridgeview, artists like Natasha Bedingfield, Flo Rida, Cascada, Pitbull, Jesse McCartney, Danity Kane, and Ray J all provided supporting roles for headlining artist, T-Pain.
2009.
The 2009 SummerBash was held on Saturday, June 13, again at Toyota Park. Featured acts included Akon, Kelly Clarkson, the Black Eyed Peas, and Flo Rida.
The 2009 event gained extra attention on a national level when "The Price is Right" featured tickets to the event as one of the prizes in its "Showcase Showdown" grand prize game at the end of the show.
2010.
Held on Saturday, June 12 at Toyota Park, the 2010 SummerBash featured performances by Charice, JLS, Travis Garland, B.o.B, Taio Cruz, Cascada, New Boyz, Jason Derulo, Iyaz, T-Pain, and Ludacris. Celebrity blogger Perez Hilton was a guest host, as was Kevin Frazier from E!.
2012.
Held on June 16, 2012, the 2012 SummerBash featured performances by Big Time Rush, The Wanted, Karmin, Austin Mahone, Sean Paul, Flo Rida, Gym Class Heroes, Mike Posner, Kat Graham, Havana Brown (musician), and Dev (singer).
2013.
Held on June 15, 2013 the 2013 SummerBash featured performances by Zedd, Avril Lavigne, Demi Lovato, Macklemore & Ryan Lewis, Timeflies, Ne-Yo, Afrojack, Cher Lloyd and a special guest host appearance by Miley Cyrus

</doc>
<doc id="31011492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011492" title="List of AFL debuts in 2002">
List of AFL debuts in 2002

This is a listing of Australian rules footballers who made their senior debut for an Australian Football League (AFL) club in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="31011496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011496" title="Unearthly">
Unearthly

Unearthly is a series of young-adult urban fantasy novels by American author Cynthia Hand, beginning with the inaugural entry of the same name. The story follows a teenager named Clara, who learns that she is part angel and has a purpose to fulfill on Earth. While seeking answers about her role, Clara encounters friends, enemies, and romantic interests amidst her journey.
Overview.
"Unearthly" tells the story of Clara Gardner, a teenager who has learned that she, her brother Jeffrey and her mother are part angel—known as angel-bloods. Clara's hybrid status grants her various superhuman abilities, and also gives her an undiscovered purpose to fulfill. After dreaming of a young man and a forest fire, Clara eventually meets and watches over Christian Prescott, the boy in her visions. She also befriends a brooding angel-blood named Angela Zerbino, a girl named Wendy Avery, and Wendy's brother Tucker Avery. As the story progresses, Clara becomes romantically drawn to both Christian and Tucker, learns of a conflict with fallen angels, and tries to discover her purpose on Earth. Over the series, Clara deals with the loss of her mother and discovers that she is one of the only seven triplares in the world, which means she is 3/4 angel and has powers that exceed that of angel-bloods who are 1/4 angel. 
Background.
Conception and characters.
Though the series features a paranormal lead, Cynthia Hand has stated that "Unearthly" is primarily "a human story" centered on personal matters. "My story is about a girl who wants to understand her purpose on this earth. Her situation is a metaphor, I think, for a basic question all human beings ask themselves at some point: Why am I here? Clara isn’t trying to find her place in some epic struggle between good and evil. She is trying to find herself." Hand was partly inspired by events in her own life prior to writing the tale. "I’d just had a baby, my husband had a new job, and we’d moved to a town where I didn’t know anybody, and I really had to stop and ask myself, "Who am I? What am I doing here?"" These experiences gradually lent themselves to the development of Clara's character.
In creating her male leads, Hand gave Tucker and Christian numerous similarities, believing that doing so would make for a challenging love triangle. "I think one reason why I created Christian Prescott and Tucker Avery to both essentially be good, decent people, was because I wanted Clara to have to make a real choice. It would have been easier, I think, if when she came to her big decision, one guy was kind of a jerk and one wasn't." Despite the commonalities, Hand feels that the characters are distinguished by their flaws, with Christian being overly privileged, and Tucker, at times, being stubborn and prideful. The author took a similar approach in creating her protagonist. "Clara is flawed, but I think that gives her room to grow as a person throughout the series."
In a 2010 interview, Hand expressed fondness for Clara's friend Wendy, noting that her material was reduced for the first novel, but could be expanded afterward. She has described the character as "that kind of steadfast friend who's always there for you, who tells you the truth when you need to hear it, who stands by your side when you need backup, and who doesn't take herself too seriously. Clara needs a friend like that."
Hand has noted Angela as one of her favourite characters to write, citing her complex nature and the occasional rivalry between Angela and Clara. "I think Angela means well, for the most part, but she's so focused on discovering all she can about herself and the angel-bloods that she brings trouble down on herself at times, which often enough brings trouble down on Clara, too."
Throughout the first novel, Clara's mother Maggie is largely presented as a loving but secretive figure. Following the book's release, Hand indicated that Maggie's knowledge and purpose would serve to move the story forward as the series progressed.
Story development.
In creating the world of "Unearthly", Hand researched a variety of angel mythologies and combined them with ideas of her own. "I didn’t want to base my novel’s world on any one text, but I did find some ideas that I latched on to from a host of different sources. Then I did what all writers do: I made stuff up. I released myself from having to be true to one particular mythology and made up my own, which was really fun."
Reception.
A review from "School Library Journal" commended the first novel for its quick pacing, and also noted that "Hand does an excellent job of creating and sustaining the mood of teenage angst mixed with first love." "Kirkus Reviews" stated that the book "stands out with even pacing, fully developed characters, vivid descriptions of the West's rugged beauty and Clara's independent spirit." "Publishers Weekly" remarked that Hand tells "an engaging and romantic tale with solid backstory." The review also noted that the novel's characters "deal realistically with the uncertainty of being on the cusp of maturity without wrapping themselves in angst." Author Kimberly Derting called "Unearthly" a "gripping tale of destiny, family, and first love". Richelle Mead described the story as, "Utterly captivating. One of the most addictive books I’ve read in a while."
Adaptation.
Prior to the novel's release, Hand reported that a possible film or television adaptation of "Unearthly" was in the early planning stages.

</doc>
<doc id="31011503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011503" title="Cole-Parmer">
Cole-Parmer

Cole-Parmer is a scientific and industrial instrument distributor located at 625 E. Bunker CT, Vernon Hills, Illinois. They are a business unit of Thermo Fisher Scientific.
History.
Jerry Cole and John Parmer founded Cole-Parmer in 1955 and took up shop in a loft on West Illinois Street in downtown Chicago. 
One the largest contributions of Cole-Parmer made to the industry was in the marketing and advertising. The Cole-Parmer catalog was the first in 4-color at a time when most catalogs were still black and white. This change made the business an industry leader within the direct mail business model. 
The company’s steady growth allowed Cole-Parmer to expand to a location in 1960, and to a facility eight years later. That same year, Cole-Parmer acquired Masterflex® peristaltic pumps, followed shortly by the purchases of Gilmont® Instruments and Manostat® Pumps. 
They were acquired by Fisher Scientific, now Thermo-Fisher Scientific, in 2001
Business Model.
Domestically, Cole-Parmer operates primarily as a business-to-business distributor. Demand is generated through the publication of a bi-annual general catalog and a number of specialogs. Sales are conducted through inbound calls, direct internet transactions, and direct sales. They recently began offering some products on Amazon.com.
Internationally, Cole-Parmer distributes product through company owned offices in Montreal, Canada, Shanghai, China, London, England and Mumbai, India. The balance of international sales are through partnerships with independent dealers throughout the globe. Sales are conducted through outside sales and Internet transactions.
Product Offering.
Cole-Parmer offers a variety of consumable and durable products. Many of their products are related to fluid-handling or electrochemistry. Cole-Parmer also offers calibration and instrument repairs.

</doc>
<doc id="31011514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011514" title="The Night the Sun Came Up">
The Night the Sun Came Up

The Night the Sun Came Up is the debut studio album by American recording artist Dev. It was released on September 2, 2011 by Universal Republic Records. Dev worked exclusively with American Electropop production duo The Cataracs, who helmed the production of the entire album along with co-writing songs with Dev. The production process of the album took place mainly in January 2011 and is currently continuing as the North American release date for the album was delayed from September 20, 2011 to January 10, 2012 as per Dev's request to add more songs to the album, however, Amazon.com announced the album would be pushed back again to March 26, 2012.
The album received mixed to positive reviews, with critics commending the production of many of the songs while comparing the music on the set to the electropop stylings of American recording artist Ke$ha and Swedish dance recording artist Robyn. The songs are mostly inspired by Dev's life stories over the past few years. "The Night the Sun Came Up" is mainly an electropop and dance-pop album, which incorporates elements of several musical genres such as dubstep and urban. The themes of the album range from sex, partying, introspection, love and life. In the United States, the album reached a peak of number sixty-one, selling 7,560 copies in its first week of release. It also peaked at number 136 on the UK Albums Chart.
The first two singles from "The Night the Sun Came Up", "Bass Down Low" and "In the Dark", were both moderate international hits, with "Bass Down Low" peaking within the top ten of the UK Singles Chart. "In the Dark" was more successful in North America, peaking at number eleven on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in the United States and at number thirteen on the Canadian Hot 100 in Canada. It charted in more commercial markets, reaching the summit of the IFPI chart in Slovakia.
Background.
Devin Tailes recorded a cover of an Amy Winehouse "Back to Black" cover in response to her ex-boyfriend's new girlfriend, calling it a "diss track". The song was placed on Myspace and discovered by production team The Cataracs. She was then signed by the Los Angeles based record label and management team, Indie-Pop, who also discovered The Cataracs. Months later, their song "2Nite" began to gain exposure on the radio, the television channel MTVU and the "Billboard" Hot Dance Airplay chart. In 2009, Dev moved to Los Angeles to produce music with the Cataracs and work directly with Indie-Pop. During that time, songs like "Fireball" and "Booty Bounce" were made.
The latter track was produced in the same summer as the The Cataracs produced "Like a G6", at the time where Dev and the Cataracs "were grinding it out in the studio pretty tough together", making a couple of "simplistic random tracks." "Like a G6", which features the Cataracs and Dev, was released in April 2010, and reached number one on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart in October of that year, prompting Universal Republic to sign her on as an artist in the same month.
Recording and development.
The album's production process began in January 2011 in Costa Rica. The Cataracs, who helmed the entire album's production, worked with Dev on the songwriting for the album, helping her with the themes to help diversify the content. She said that they were perfect producers for her, noting that "they made really fun songs for kids on the radio and at the same time they were normal boys, eating burritos, chilling in Berkeley", which is what she felt connected her with them. She hinted early on in the interview that she had an interest in working with other people for the album, noting that other producers and writers have contacted her. She later came back stating "I think me and The Cataracs are on a really good streak right now and it's not intentional."
Dev moved in with The Cataracs to produce the album. She claimed the experience to be "beautiful" and felt like being in a movie. She also claimed the experience gave the album "an amazing vibe." On interview with Alex Kazemi of "FashionIndie", Dev stated that their sessions are very different and complicated, further commenting "It really depends, some times the boys will come to me and say "I’ve been wanting to do this song but this is more of a DEV track" and from there Niles will show me the beat and me and David will come up with lyrics or some times I go to them when I have written some sort of idea and they will help me elaborate on it to the point where we can have a song." During the time they were in Costa Rica, they recorded thirteen to fourteen songs for the album. The song, "Take Her From You", was composed while in Costa Rica recording the album. The song was originally written by one of The Cataracs for himself and while reading some of the lyrics, Dev expressed her interest in recording the song.
Concept and themes.
According to Dev, the album is an attempt to escape the comparisons to other artists in the electropop genre, including American recording artist Kesha and singer-songwriter Uffie. She noted that the comparisons helped motivate her to take the music to a new level and sing on the majority of the album. She further explains that the material on the album has more diversity, bringing together different sounds and conveying more depth in the songwriting. She described that the songs are influenced by hip hop and electro music. The album, according to Dev, will bring together "my intricate influences and The Cataracs simple influences." While on interview with KiSS 92.5, she commented that the music on the set will contain music stylized toward club and dance music and hip-hop influenced tracks where she will rap the entire song.
Composition.
"The Night the Sun Came Up" is primary an electropop and dance album, which incorporates elements of several different genres such as dubstep, hip hop, Eurodance, urban, rock and club influenced-pop music Dev said that her mission with the album was to make it diversified, incorporating different elements of music to make an eclectic set. She also said that the album has two sides to it, sassy and pretty. The sassy songs are based on the themes of sex, partying and different forms of debauchery while the pretty songs are contemplative ballads that are based more on introspection and love. Much of the album's lyrics are influenced by her life and her experiences. The album opens with "Getaway", a hip hop track with influences of soul music. The song starts out with the use of a piano, transitions into hip-hop styled music and features a breakdown in which she raps and rhymes. The next song "In My Trunk" runs through an electronic tinged hip hop beat and features vehicle metaphors in its lyrics. The third track of the album, "Me", contains influences of adult contemporary music.
The fourth song "Breathe" is an electronic dance song that contains influences of Middle Eastern and club music. It is written about sex and the effects of love on Dev and features the use of an accordion throughout. The album's fifth track, "Take Her From You", differs completely from the electronic soundscape of the album,as it is inspired by rock and roll music. When Dev heard the song, she responded "'Oh, I really like that. It could almost be a flip of me singing about myself.' ... considered maybe we should change around the perspective, but I was like, 'No. Let's keep it like that.'" The sixth track, "Lightspeed", is an electronic pop song that in its production draws inspiration from house and club music. It makes use of kickdrums, synth arrangements, Auto-Tune and numerous noises like a cough. Its synth riff and beat structure resembles those in the music made by Dutch disc jockey Afrojack. The seventh track, "Dancing Shoes" is built upon synthesizers and drums while making use of pianos and guitars to produce an uptempo electronic rock ballad about performing onstage. The song's "pretty" sound is inspired by teen pop music
After "Dancing Shoes" is the eighth track, "Perfect Match", a guitar driven ballad that features a string section reminiscent of that featured in "Clocks" by British alternative rock group Coldplay. In "Bass Down Low", the ninth song and first single, Dev speaks of taking shots and various forms of debauchery. It is an electro song with skittering synths and a pulsating electropop groove in which Dev utilizes her sing-talk vocal style throughout the song, but also uses her singing voice near the end. "The Night the Sun Came Up"'s tenth track "Kiss My Lips", the third single from the album in the United States, contains a guitar that blends synthesizers prominent in dance music with a hip hop styled drum beat. In the song, she sings to a lover "Get you hand off my hip/And kiss my lips, kiss my lips, kiss me all over/ Are you gonna take that risk, take that risk, 'cause only getting older." "In the Dark" has a house rhythm and a prominent saxophone riff that serves as the song's instrumentation. while featuring Eurodance beats and synths, mixed with influences of Latin music. The twelfth track is "Shadows", a song that draws from influences of folk music
Reception.
Critical reception.
The album received "generally favorable reviews" from contemporary music critics with an aggregated score metascore of 71 of 100 in metacritic based on 4 reviews. Chuck Eddy from Rolling Stone gave to the album 3.5 out of 5 stars, writing that the album "is as stark as it is sweet, owed partly to the casually giddy lightness of her talk-singing ." Ben Norman from About.com gave to the album three stars out of five, summarizing that "Dev's debut album is at least little more than pandering to the mainstream. There are some interesting tracks that give us flashes of insight into the minds creating the works. Whether the credit goes to Dev or to her producers is uncertain but almost irrelevant, as long as you enjoy it. That being said, The Night The Sun Came Up is well-crafted, quality dance/pop. If Dev achieves another hit from it, I'll be shocked." Jamie Horne of "The Border Mail" gave the album three and one-half stars, praised the album as "engaging", noting the ranges of music influences, including dance, rock and folk, and noted that it was not boring. Chanun Poomsawai of Bangkok Post reviewed the album positively, praising its diversity and mixture of "fierce and mellow" and further commented that "this is a solid electro-edged pop album best played while you're getting dressed up before heading out for a night on the town." Elysa Gardner from USA Today wrote that on the album "her fresh, lissome vocals are actually more intriguing than the textural, tonal and rhythmic shifts that pop up in the sometimes sweetly groovy but mostly unremarkable tunes."
Music rating website "Musicovered" gave the album three out of ten stars, stating the album comes short of expectations and that the production was sloppy, with many of the album's tracks sounding the same. Sal Cinquemani shares the same feeling on his review of the album for "Slant Magazine", rating the album two and a half stars out of five. He adds that the album fails to distinguish her from electro-pop artist Kesha while praising her rapping style, comparing it to that of Swedish recording artist Robyn, and the song "In the Dark" for blending European dance music with flourishes of Latin and Mediterranean music. Neil Miller, Jr. of UR Chicago rated the album two out of five stars (on the site, they use meatballs), calling it "one of the most unbalanced pop records" ever released. Idolator however claims that to peg Dev as a Kesha clone is dangerous as she has a greater air of mystery than Kesha and the positive review ends with "for those out there who like the soundtrack to their late-night fiesta to come with a bit more subtlety".
Commercial performance.
In the United States, "The Night The Sun Came Up" debuted on the "Billboard" 200 chart on the week of April 14, 2012 at number sixty one with 6,700 copies sold.
Singles.
The debut single off the album is "Bass Down Low", which was produced by and features The Cataracs. The song was released on November 16, 2010. The UK mix of the song, which features the Cataracs and British rapper Tinie Tempah was released on May 23, 2011. The song peaked at 61 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100. It peaked at the highest of the Heatseekers Songs at number 2.
The second single off the album "In the Dark", was also produced by the Cataracs. It was released on April 26, 2011. It currently peaks at the "Billboard" Hot 100 at 11. It also topped the Heatseekers chart and has fared better than "Bass Down Low." The third single is "Naked" featuring Enrique Iglesias.
In addition to her first three singles which all have music videos, Dev has made promotional videos for the songs "Kiss My Lips", "Take Her from You", "Lightspeed", "In My Trunk", "Dancing Shoes", and "Me".

</doc>
<doc id="31011520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011520" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Downtown Davenport, Iowa">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Downtown Davenport, Iowa

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Downtown Davenport, Iowa. This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Downtown Davenport, Iowa, United States. Downtown Davenport is defined as being all of the city south of 5th Street from Marquette Street east to the intersection of River Drive (U.S. Route 67) and East 4th Street. The locations of National Register properties and districts may be seen in a Google map.
There are 253 properties and districts listed on the National Register in Davenport. Downtown Davenport includes 59 of these properties and districts; the city's remaining properties and districts are listed elsewhere. Another 4 properties were once listed but have been removed.
The National Register of Historic Places is the United States government's official list of districts, sites, buildings, structures, and objects deemed worthy of preservation. A property listed in the National Register, or located within a National Register Historic District, may qualify for tax incentives derived from the total value of expenses incurred preserving the property. The passage of the National Historic Preservation Act National Historic Preservation Act (NHPA) in 1966 established the National Register and the process for adding properties to it. For most of its history the National Register has been administered by the National Park Service (NPS), an agency within the United States Department of the Interior. Its goals are to help property owners and interest groups coordinate, identify, and protect historic sites in the United States.
The historic preservation movement began in the city in the mid-1970s with the renovation of several historic structures. A comprehensive study of the city's neighborhoods, districts and architecture began in 1978. The study was conducted in three phases. The first two phases were carried out from 1979 to 1982 and the third phases from 1982 to 1983. The results were published in two volumes. "Davenport—Where the Mississippi Runs West" reported on the first two phases and "Davenport Architecture—Tradition and Transition" reported on the third phase. A Multiple Resource nomination was submitted to the National Register of Historic Places that included 12 districts, more than 1,650 buildings on 350 parcels. By March 1985 all the districts and 249 properties were listed on the national register. 
The Historic Preservation Commission was established in 1992, and the historic preservation ordinance was passed the same year. Davenport became a Certified Local Government in the state of Iowa. It was now responsible to review local projects participating in state and national preservation programs. It was also able to exercise some control over the modification and/or demolition of historic buildings in the city. The historic preservation ordinance also allowed the establishment of a local register of historic properties. The first four properties were added in 1992. As of 2011, there are 44 properties listed, of which 24 are individually listed on the National Register of Historic Places and 14 are contributing properties in a historic district on the National Register.

</doc>
<doc id="31011522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011522" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in east Davenport, Iowa">
National Register of Historic Places listings in east Davenport, Iowa

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in east Davenport, Iowa. This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in east Davenport, Iowa, United States. Eastern Davenport is defined as being all of the city east of Brady Street (U.S. Route 61 and north of 5th Street. The locations of National Register properties and districts may be seen in a Google map.
There are 253 properties and districts listed on the National Register in Davenport. East Davenport includes 86 of these properties and districts; the city's remaining properties and districts are listed elsewhere. Many of these properties were included in a multiple property submission; they are marked below as "Davenport MRA."

</doc>
<doc id="31011527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011527" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in west Davenport, Iowa">
National Register of Historic Places listings in west Davenport, Iowa

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in west Davenport, Iowa. This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in west Davenport, Iowa, United States. West Davenport is defined as being all of the city west of Marquette Street and between Marquette and Brady Streets (U.S. Route 61 and north of 5th Street. The locations of National Register properties and districts may be seen in a Google map.
There are 253 properties and districts listed on the National Register in Davenport. West Davenport includes 109 of these properties and districts; the city's remaining properties and districts are listed elsewhere. Many of these properties were included in a multiple property submission; they are marked below as "Davenport MRA." Another property was once listed but has been removed.

</doc>
<doc id="31011538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011538" title="Carl Otto Løvenskiold">
Carl Otto Løvenskiold

Carl Otto Løvenskiold (23 December 1839 – 1 October 1916) was a Norwegian naval officer, politician and land owner. 
He was a Prime Minister in Stockholm in 1884, and a member of the Parliament from 1889 to 1897, representing Akershus and the Conservative Party.
The Spitsbergen icecap Løvenskioldfonna and the mountain ridge Carlsfjella is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="31011549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011549" title="Nuestra Belleza Hidalgo">
Nuestra Belleza Hidalgo

Nuestra Belleza Hidalgo is a pageant in Hidalgo, Mexico, that selects that state's representative for the national Nuestra Belleza México pageant.
In 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2009 and 2010 was not sent to a State Representative.
The State Organization hasn't had a national winner in Nuestra Belleza México. In 1994 was the only occasion in which the state is placed in the semifinals.
Titleholders.
Below are the names of the annual titleholders of Nuestra Belleza Hidalgo, listed in ascending order, and their final placements in the Nuestra Belleza México after their participation.

</doc>
<doc id="31011559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011559" title="Leonardo Express">
Leonardo Express

The Leonardo Express is an airport rail service linking the city of Rome with its largest airport, Leonardo da Vinci-Fiumicino Airport, in the region of Lazio, central Italy.
The service is operated by Trenitalia, and takes 31 minutes to travel the between its two termini.
<br clear=left>
The service was scheduled to open in December 1989, with nonstop and stop services available.

</doc>
<doc id="31011576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011576" title="Monson, West Virginia">
Monson, West Virginia

Monson is an unincorporated community in McDowell County, West Virginia, United States. Monson is located along West Virginia Route 161 south-southwest of Anawalt.

</doc>
<doc id="31011581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011581" title="Fun and Games (Chuck Mangione album)">
Fun and Games (Chuck Mangione album)

Fun and Games is a 1979 album recorded by the Ameriican flugelhorn player Chuck Mangione, who released it on the A&M Records label.
Track listing.
All tracks written by Chuck Mangione excepted where noted:

</doc>
<doc id="31011598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011598" title="Dead Beautiful">
Dead Beautiful

Dead Beautiful is a young-adult urban fantasy novel by American author Yvonne Woon. The story follows Renée Winters, an orphan who is sent to a mysterious academy. While enrolled, Renée discovers a series of paranormal enigmas, most surrounding her school, her boyfriend, and eventually herself. The novel was released to critical acclaim in 2010, with a sequel, "Life Eternal", following in 2012.
Overview.
"Dead Beautiful" introduces Renée Winters, a thoughtful and alluring girl with a largely soft-spoken demeanor. On her sixteenth birthday, she finds the deceased bodies of her parents in a forest. Both are discovered with gauze in their mouths after apparently suffering heart attacks. Soon afterward, Renée's grandfather sends her to a gothic boarding school called Gottfried Academy. Upon arrival, she befriends a girl named Eleanor, and becomes romantically linked to a mysterious boy named Dante. It soon becomes apparent that Renée is somehow able to detect dead bodies, while other paranormal enigmas surround her and Dante as well. After learning of a death similar to those of her parents, and finding that other students have gone missing, Renée begins to investigate a supernatural mystery.
Background.
Growing up in a stone colonial surrounded by woods, author Yvonne Woon "developed a penchant for the macabre." Several aspects of Gottfried Academy were inspired by Woon's time as a student at Worcester Academy. She later became fascinated with Latin, and incorporated it into her novel. Woon has stated that the language "just seemed to fit naturally into the lore of the story." The author chose Maine as her primary setting, noting that the quiet, "undiscovered" allure lent itself well to the mysterious nature of her tale.
Reception.
In a starred review, "Kirkus" likened "Dead Beautiful" to a more serious version of "Alice in Wonderland", and stated that the novel "takes a new and unconventional look at the undead, focusing on story and interesting characters and leaving gore and mayhem hidden in the background." The review summed up the book as well-written and intriguing, adding that it "ends with much to explore in what one hopes will be swiftly forthcoming sequels." "School Library Journal" called the story "a real page-turner." A review from "Booklist" compared the novel to "Murder, She Wrote", and stated that it "offers an attention-grabbing take on zombies." The review also noted that the "world building and setting contribute as much to the story as character and plot."
Sequels.
The sequel to "Dead Beautiful", titled "Life Eternal", was released on January 24, 2012. The following summer, Woon's publisher announced that the third and final book, "Love Reborn", would be released in January 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="31011599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011599" title="Fulford, Colorado">
Fulford, Colorado

Fulford is a census-designated place (CDP) in Eagle County, Colorado, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 2.
Fulford is named for A. H. Fulford, an early settler.

</doc>
<doc id="31011631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011631" title="List of ambassadors of the Kingdom of England to France">
List of ambassadors of the Kingdom of England to France

The Ambassador of the Kingdom of England to France (French: L'Ambassadeur anglais en France) was the foremost diplomatic representative of the historic Kingdom of England in France, before the creation of the Kingdom of Great Britain in 1707.
The position was not a continuous one, and there was sometimes no diplomatic representation, due to wars between the two countries.
After the Union of England and Scotland.
In 1707 the Kingdom of England became part of the new Kingdom of Great Britain. For missions from the court of St James's after 1707, see List of ambassadors of Great Britain to France.

</doc>
<doc id="31011649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011649" title="Victoriaborg, Accra">
Victoriaborg, Accra

Formed in the late nineteenth century as an exclusive European residential neighborhood, the historic district of Victoriaborg was located to the east of Accra's city limits of the time, behind cliffs where there was reported to ‘always be a breeze.’. With its luxurious homes, race course, golf course, polo and cricket field, tennis courts, and racially segregated hospital, "Victoriabog was like a piece of England grafted into the townscape of Accra.".
As the city expanded, the suburban district of Victoriaborg was incorporated into the urban area. Following the independence of Ghana, the European CBD in Victoriaborg was de-Europeanized. The area was nationalized in a symbolic sense with the siting of the Bank of Ghana, Ministries, Independence Square, and the headquarters of newly established national companies in the district. 
Today, architecture in Victoriaborg ranges from elegant Georgian colonial buildings to glittering modern tower blocks reflecting its transition from a Victorian residential suburb to the modern business district it is today.

</doc>
<doc id="31011650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011650" title="Betty Jane Gorin-Smith">
Betty Jane Gorin-Smith

Betty Jane Mitchell Gorin-Smith, known as Betty Jane Gorin-Smith (born 1940), is an independent historian from Campbellsville in Taylor County in central Kentucky, best known for her book "Morgan Is Coming!: Confederate Raiders in the Heartland of Kentucky," a study of Confederate General John Hunt Morgan's raids in 1863 during the height of the American Civil War.
A historic preservationist, Gorin-Smith worked to establish the Heartland Civil War Trails project. She has been a primary leader of the preservation effort at the Tebbs Bend Civil War battlefield, having published the Green River Bridge Battlefield Driving Tour. In 2004, U.S. Representative Ron Lewis honored Gorin-Smith on the House floor and proclaimed her the "historian laureate" for the Kentucky Heartland.
Family and education.
Gorin-Smith was born in Campbellsville to the former Floye Minor (1917–2003) and David Heistand Mitchell. After Floye and David Mitchell divorced, Floye, a bookkeeper, in 1959 married Howard Smith (1906–1972), the owner of the Taylor County Stockyards. David H. Mitchell (1919–1995) was a 1941 graduate in economics from Harvard College in Cambridge, Massachusetts. He also attended the University of Minnesota, where he studied Japanese. His business career was with the Timken Company, which relocated him to Cincinnati and Columbus, Ohio. He was a veteran of the United States Army in World War II. Mitchell was a member of Mensa and the American Numismatic Association.
Betty Jane Mitchell graduated with Bachelor of Arts and Master of Arts from the University of Kentucky at Lexington. She has also studied at Western Kentucky University in Bowling Green, Middle Tennessee State University in Murfreesboro, Tennessee, and the University of Virginia at Charlottesville, Virginia. She formerly taught history for some three decades at Taylor County High School and at Baptist-affiliated Campbellsville University in Campbellsville and Lindsey Wilson College in Columbia in Adair County. In 1987, she was a Fulbright scholar to the Netherlands.
Betty Jane Mitchell first married Donald L. Gorin (April 26, 1940–August 26, 2000), a Taylor County native and graduate of Campbellsville High School and Tennessee Tech University in Cookeville, Tennessee, where he played basketball and baseball. He served in the Kentucky National Guard. He was a partner in the firm Blevins-Gorin Construction Company and a founder of Wholesale Hardwood Interiors. In 1990, Don Gorin was named "Kentucky Entrepreneur of the Year" by the accounting firm, Ernst & Young. The Gorins had a son, Mark Alan Gorin (born ca. 1965) and wife, Deborah, of Carmel, Indiana, and a daughter, Beth G. Cox (born ca. 1968) and husband Michael Todd Cox (born ca. 1966), of Hendersonville, Tennessee. Don Gorin also had a second son by a later marriage, Brandon Gorin, who resided in Baltimore, Maryland, at the time of his father's death.
After her divorce, Betty Gorin married Gordon E. Smith (born ca. 1928), an instructor in the English as a Second Language program at Campbellsville University, and hence acquired her hyphenated name. Gordon Smith edited his wife's book on General Morgan, which is considered exceptionally well-researched.
Morgan Is Coming!
On July 4, 1863, the day that the Confederates surrendered at Vicksburg, Mississippi, and marched south in defeat from Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, another battle occurred beyond the line separating Taylor and Adair counties. This battle of Tebbs Bend launched General Morgan's Great Raid into Indiana and Ohio.
Union soldiers had crowded about the Adair County courthouse square in Columbia, as Confederate troops marched northward from Burkesville in Cumberland County by what is now Kentucky Highway 704 and Kentucky Route 61. Tutt Street in Columbia was then the dividing line between the two armies. Mostly forgotten outside Kentucky, Tebbs Bend was among the bloodiest encounters of the war in the Western theater. Later Governor James B. McCreary, a Confederate major, wrote in his diary: "Many of our best men were killed or wounded. The beginning of this raid is ominous." Tebbs Bend deflected the Confederates from proceeding to Louisville, which seemed as weakly defended at that time as Washington, D.C., had been in August 1814 during the War of 1812.
Jacob F. Lee in December 2007 reviewed Gorin-Smith's book for the Filson Historical Society: 
Gorin’s most important contribution to the literature is a detailed study of south central Kentucky during the war. The work is most useful for the information Gorin collected about Taylor County and the surrounding area. While the narrative is sometimes bogged down with excessive detail, Kentucky historians and genealogists will find the book to be a gold mine of information. In addition to the narrative, Gorin put together several appendices listing Taylor County soldiers in the Civil War, casualties of the Battle of Tebb's Bend, official reports related to the battle, and period correspondence from Kentuckians who lived around Campbellsville. Gorin also includes extensive illustrations of persons and places referred to in the text. . . . 
Gorin provides a well-documented history of the cavalryman’s career in the area around Taylor County. However, she also raises many questions. While readers will learn much about Confederate raiders and guerrillas in the area, one wonders about the effects of the Union troops stationed in Taylor County. How did they interact with the community? Almost 10,500 slaves lived in the five counties Gorin studies. How did the demise of slavery affect whites and blacks in the area? That being said, Gorin has produced an informative study of the Civil War in south central Kentucky.
Campbellsville's "Factory".
Gorin-Smith studied the impact of the Fruit of the Loom plant on Taylor County during the years from 1952 until layoff began in 1997, and the plant closed at the end of 1998. With overtime compensation, some factory workers made more money than schoolteachers, according to Gorin-Smith. "The Factory, as the townspeople called the company, earlier seemed the ticket to economic stability in Campbellsville. A victim of globalization, the plant nevertheless shut down and moved to Latin America, but Amazon.com moved into the community to replace some of the lost jobs. Not long afterward, another mainstay of the local economy, the Indiana-based Batesville Casket Company, also closed its Campbellsville factory. Gorin-Smith observed that in the rural area surrounding Campbellsville "there are a lot of brick houses. I call those 'Fruit of the Loom' houses or 'Factory' houses. The men farmed, and the women worked at the factory. Factory money built those houses, not farm money."
Gorin-Smith recalls that the city of Campbellsville had planned to construct a sewer system to treat wastewater from the Fruit of the Loom plant. Then Mayor Robert L. Miller had consulted with William F. "Bill" Farley, who purchased the company in 1985. According to Gorin-Smith, Farley promised Miller that the Campbellsville plant would remain operational. The closing, however, was completed as Miller, after thirty-three years in office, lost reelection in 1998 to Paul E. Osborne, a Campbellsville Realtor. "That really hurt Bob to be betrayed like that," said Gorin-Smith.
Other pursuits.
Betty and Gordon Smith were among those who worked on the pictoral history publication, "The History of Campbellsville University, 1906-2006", the narrative of which was written by J. Chester Badgett, retired pastor of the Campbellsville Baptist Church.
In 2009, Gorin-Smith appeared before the Taylor County Project Development Authority to discuss the location of historical markers in the most accurate spots available.
The Hiestands, ancestors of Gorin-Smith's father, David Hiestand Mitchell, were early settlers of Campbellsville. The Jacob Heistand House, which dates from 1823, is now a museum in Campbellsville, another project of Gorin-Smith's historical preservation efforts. Gorin-Smith often provides guided tours at the museum. In 2008 and again in 2009, Citizens Bank of Campbellsville donated $2,500 to the museum in recognition of its significance to the tourism industry of central Kentucky. In 2008, two other Campbellsville banks, Taylor County and Community, each gave $1,000 to sustain the facility. 
In July 2004, Campbellsville University presented Gorin-Smith with the Algernon Sydney Sullivan Award, named for Algernon Sydney Sullivan, the founder of the New York City law firm Sullivan and Cromwell. CU President Michael V. Carter hailed Gorin-Smith's cademic and community accomplishments, which "illustrate the wide breadth of her service, knowledge, achievements and civic engagement. . . . has a vast knowledge of the history of not only Taylor County but this entire region of our commonwealth."

</doc>
<doc id="31011659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011659" title="Vasili Krasovsky">
Vasili Krasovsky

Vasili Ivanovich Krasovsky () (1782–1824) was a Russian writer.
Krasovsky studied at the gymnasium of the Imperial Academy of Sciences in St. Petersburg, after which he worked for the body overseeing the Russian mining industry. From 1804 through 1813 Krasovsky was the secretary of the St. Petersburg Censorship Committee. 
In 1801, Krasovsky was one of the founding member of the Free Society of Lovers of Literature, Science, and the Arts and contributed many poems to the Society's anthology, "Scrolls of the Muse". He stopped attending meetings in 1805 on grounds of ill health, and was expelled from the Society on July 15, 1807.
Krasovsky's published work includes a smooth and musical poem, "Winter" (St. Petersburg, 1825), based on his translation of Jean François de Saint-Lambert's poem "Four Seasons".
Krasovsky died on November 22, 1824.

</doc>
<doc id="31011667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011667" title="MMA Raju">
MMA Raju

RAJU is the highest level of Estonian mixed martial arts league. There are 2 competitions in a year. Their most recent competition, Raju X, was held in Tartu A. Le Coq Sports Hall on 13 October 2012. 
Fighter divisions.
Fighters can participate at MMA Raju in one of the three following divisions: amateur (C-class), semi-professional (B-class) and professional (A-class). 
In all three classes, the following actions are considered fouls: headbutts, biting, grabbing hair, inserting fingers into orifices or wounds, attacks to the groin, small joint manipulation, attacks to the back of the head and spine, attacking and grabbing the throat, clawing and pinching, grabbing the collar-bone, direct attacks to joints, 12-to-6 elbow strikes, kicks and knees to the head of a grounded opponent, intentionally throwing the opponent onto the head or neck, throwing the opponent out of the cage, spitting at the opponent, grabbing the fence, swearing. 
For semi-professionals (B-class) the following additional actions are forbidden: elbow and forearm strikes to the head, kicking a grounded opponent in the head. 
For amateurs (C-class) the following additional actions are forbidden: elbow and forearm strikes, knees to the head, striking a grounded opponent to the head, kicking a grounded opponent, kidney strikes, throws with only a head-hold, leglocks that twist the knee, submissions that twist the spine.
There are two separate events held each time - amateur event during the day (C-class) and main event in the evening with professional fights. 
Weight classes.
Prior to Raju 8, weigh-ins took place on the day of the competition. At Raju 8, weigh-ins for the evening event took place one day before the event.
Social responsibility.
Before MMA Raju 7, the organizers established a charity program called "Donate blood with Raju fighters". In this program, mixed martial artists themselves and fans of the league donate blood together during one day, which occurs roughly one month before the event. For Raju 7, roughly 40 people donated blood. Before Raju 8, 85 people donated their blood, including Estonian rapper G-Enka. Before Raju X, over 200 people donated blood. 

</doc>
<doc id="31011670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011670" title="Timeline of the Libyan Civil War and military intervention (16 August – 23 October)">
Timeline of the Libyan Civil War and military intervention (16 August – 23 October)

The Libyan civil war began on 17 February 2011 as a civil protest and later evolved into a widespread uprising. By mid-August, anti-Gaddafi forces effectively supported by a NATO-led international coalition were ascendant in Tripolitania, breaking out of the restive Nafusa Mountains in the south to mount an offensive toward the coast and advancing from Misrata on loyalist-held cities and villages from the north and east.
This period of the war was its endgame, with Muammar Gaddafi's defensive perimeter around Greater Tripoli collapsing and his government ultimately being routed from Tripoli. A number of members of the Gaddafi government were arrested or killed in action, including Gaddafi's youngest son Khamis, and a string of its last outposts teetered and eventually fell under the assault of the (effectively) NATO-backed revolutionaries. By the end of September, the National Transitional Council had won recognition from the United Nations, the Arab League, and the African Union as the legitimate governing authority of Libya, asserting control over the vast majority of the country.
As the war entered its momentous final days, the last remaining stronghold of government loyalists was the city of Sirte, which Gaddafi declared to be the Great Socialist People's Libyan Arab Jamahiriya's new capital after the fall of Tripoli. On 20 October, NTC forces that had been arrayed around the ever-shrinking positions occupied by loyalist holdouts made a decisive push and took control of the city, capturing Gaddafi as he attempted to flee. Gaddafi, who had been seriously wounded prior to his arrest, died in custody less than an hour later.

</doc>
<doc id="31011682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011682" title="Arthur Pickens">
Arthur Pickens

Arthur Pickens (July 8, 1888 - January 16, 1944) was an American Thoroughbred horse racing jockey who won the most prestigious race in both the United States and Canada. 
Pickens began his career working as an exercise rider in 1906. Two years later, nineteen-year-old Arthur Pickens became the youngest jockey to ever win the Kentucky Derby when he rode named Stone Street to victory over Bashford Manor Stable's heavy favorite, Sir Cleges. His age record stood for seventy years until Steve Cauthen won the 1978 running. In 1916 Pickens won two of the three races that would later be part of the Canadian Triple Crown series. His wins came aboard distiller Joseph Seagram's colt Mandarin in the 1916 Breeders' Stakes and in Canada's most prestigious race, the King's Plate. That year he also won the Coronation Futurity Stakes for the Seagram Stable.
Among his other accomplishments in racing, on May 28, 1918 Arthur Pickens rode four winners at Prospect Park Fair Grounds on Coney Island, New York. In winters he road at Oriental Park Racetrack in Havana, Cuba where in 1924 he was one of the tracks top jockeys. [http://select.nytimes.com/gst/abstract.html?res=F70A12FF395F17738DDDAF0994D9405B848EF1D3
Arthur Pickens died at age 55 in Maysville, Kentucky where he and his wife Lillian Webster Pickens made their home. He is buried in the Maysville Cemetery. Following its formation in 1955, Pickens was inducted in the National Jockey's Hall of Fame at Pimlico Race Course.
In 2008, Raymond H. Davis of Rockville, Maryland, a second cousin of Arthur Pickens published his biography titled "Remembering Arthur Pickens".

</doc>
<doc id="31011700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011700" title="Persikas Subang">
Persikas Subang

Persikas stands for Persatuan Sepakbola Indonesia Kabupaten Subang ("en: Football Association of Indonesia Subang Regency"). Persikas Subang is an Indonesian football club based in Subang, West Java. Club played in Liga Indonesia Third Division. 
Persikas stadium named Persikas Stadium. Its location was in downtown Subang, West Java.
History.
During this Persikas more often play in Division Two and Division Three. This happens because of lack of support from the government to develop and promote achievement in the arena football Persikas West Java, so the achievement Persikas inconspicuous.
Currently, Persikas Subang like suspended animation because it had not followed the national competition by reason of cost, so Persikas Earring only able to send a team at the junior level to be projected on the teams higher level, given the achievements of young players who are very good at the Subang junior.
Stadium.
Persikas Stadium is the home of Persikas Subang, which has a capacity of 5,000 spectators. The stadium is located in downtown Subang. The stadium has become the first stadium that has the same name as the team that occupied it.
This is not out of history, where at that moment in its heyday Persikas arena football in West Java. Therefore, use the name of the Persikas Stadium by the team management as a form of love and appreciation of the community of Subang Regency on this team, in order to continue sounding Persikas name and not forgotten in the future.
Until now, Persikas still use Persikas Stadium to play home games. The stadium is also often used as a training center, a few other teams in West Java, such as Persib Bandung, Persikab Bandung Regency, and Bandung FC during training camp before the start of the competition.
Famous Players.
Since playing in the national competition, Persikas Subang has had a number of young players who excel in both the team and at the national level. They include:
Supporters.
Persikas Subang has a group of fanatical supporters who are scattered throughout the area of Subang Regency, given the historical record as the only club and the pride of Subang Regency society so that every Persikas compete, Persikas Stadium always packed with fans both old and young, women to young children all in one. Persikas fans call themselves as a Super Sub ("Supporters United Subang"). Where is Super Sub to unify the entire community of Subang district into one without divisions in supporting his favorite team (Persikas).
Derby.
W-IV Derby, or Derby Region IV is a football match between Persipo Purwakarta, Persikas Subang, Persika Karawang, Persikasi Bekasi and Persipasi Bekasi. The name is taken from the history that connects the four cities in earlier times together.
Historically yore Subang is a region of Karawang, because at that time Karawang includes Purwakarta, Subang and Bekasi. so when teams from each city meet always cause high tension in the game, because historically a very close relationship both in terms of culture and cultural.
Derby matches are always happening at the lower level football Indonesia precisely in Second Division and Third Division, as Persikas vs Persipo, Persikas vs Persika and Persikas vs Persikasi and Persipasi or game that brings the other team.
All the games that bring together teams from Region IV is very attractive interest the audience to come to the stadium because the game is running with Derby and prestige of high tension so that this derby game sometimes culminate in a scene players, officials, and spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="31011703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011703" title="Nasaan Ka Elisa?">
Nasaan Ka Elisa?

Nasaan Ka, Elisa? (lit. "Where Are You, Elisa?") is a Philippine crime drama television series on ABS-CBN. It is the Philippine adaptation of the Chilean 2009 drama "¿Dónde está Elisa?" (later remade in United States in 2010), starring Melissa Ricks.
Overview.
Initially, the series was supposedly part of ABS-CBN's new line up afternoon dramas. It was promoted with "Mula Sa Puso" and "Maria la del Barrio" as part of "Kapamilya Gold". The tentative airing date was March 21, 2011. After the delayed airing, the series aired September 12, 2011 on Primetime Bida, replacing "". After the final episode, it was later replaced by "Walang Hanggan" on January 16, 2012.
Premise.
Elisa (Melissa Ricks), is a beautiful, wealthy teenager and the eldest daughter of Mariano (Albert Martinez) and Dana Altamira (Agot Isidro). She is lauded as the perfect daughter. Yet, Elisa is not who her parents think she is. 
One night, after Mariano's party, Elisa insisted on her father to go out with her younger sister, Christina (Isabella De Leon) and her cousins, Santi (Franco Daza) and Edward (Aldred Gatchalian). They went to a local club where they were having a party, they saw Elisa, dancing gracefully. But after that, the three except Elisa got drunk and later discovered she was missing. They hire private investigators to find out what happened to Elisa. Secrets were unfolded and mysteries to solve. Would they find out where Elisa is?
Reception.
Ratings.
"Nasaan Ka, Elisa?" debuted at the fourth spot over-all nationwide (with a 26.7% rating or almost 27 million viewers), beating its rival program "Munting Heredera" with 18.2% ratings. On its second day, the series had 30.3% ratings.
Critical response.
On a review done by Philippine Entertainment Portal, they mentioned that the series "offers something new to the local TV landscape based on its crime-thriller plot."

</doc>
<doc id="31011767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011767" title="AM-1248">
AM-1248

AM-1248 is a drug that acts as a moderately potent agonist for both the cannabinoid receptors CB1 and CB2, but with some dispute between sources over its exact potency and selectivity. Replacing the 3-(1-naphthoyl) group found in many indole derived cannabinoid ligands, with an adamantoyl group, generally confers significant CB2 selectivity, but reasonable CB1 affinity and selectivity is retained when an N-methylpiperidin-2-ylmethyl substitution is used at the indole 1-position. The related compound 1-pentyl-3-(1-adamantoyl)indole was identified as having been sold as a cannabinoid designer drug in Hungary in 2011, along with another synthetic cannabinoid AM-679.

</doc>
<doc id="31011771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011771" title="Chuck Wilson (multimedia executive)">
Chuck Wilson (multimedia executive)

Chuck Wilson (born Charles Wilson, Jr. on April 23rd, 1968) is a multimedia executive. He is currently the CEO of Triumph Media Holdings, a multimedia company which targets the coveted demographic that includes music fans from age ten to age thirty. Wilson is also the founder of Babygrande Records. He has served as the executive producer on over 100 titles. In addition, Wilson was the Director of A&R at Priority Records as well as Director of Business Affairs at Black Entertainment Television (“BET”). He also conceived and co-wrote the 2004 film, "Soul Plane".
Career.
Film.
Wilson broke into the film industry as an intern for Spike Lee on the set of 1994's "Crooklyn".
Wilson sold his first script to Danny DeVito in 1999. The film was about wealthy African Americans in the Hamptons, which Wilson said was akin to “a black Great Gatsby". The same year, Wu-Tang International optioned his music-based urban drama "Trife Life" and Jersey Films purchased his untitled urban comedy pitch, centered on golf. "Trife Life" was set to star Mos Def, but never came to fruition. He went on to write and direct the short film, "Breakfast At Ben’s" which was also a part of his deal with Wu-Tang International. Wilson was granted rare access to shoot the film in the historic Washington, D.C. restaurant Ben's Chili Bowl where his father used to take him to eat as a child. "Breakfast At Ben’s" appeared on Warner Brothers’s compilation, "Afrocentricity" and premiered at the 2000 Urbanworld Film Festival. It also appeared in the DC Independent Film Festival as well as the Maryland Film Festival. Wilson went on to co-write the film, "Soul Plane" which was described by "Variety" magazine as a next generation "Airplane". "Soul Plane" came under fire from several members of the black community including Spike Lee who accused the film of being exploitative of African Americans.
In 2004, he was slated to write “a black wedding comedy” titled, "Meet The Mo’Fockers", parodying such films as "Meet The Parents" and "The Wedding Singer". The film was part of a deal with Maverick Films company, then owned by Madonna. Despite its comedic nature, the film was also set to examine class differences within the black community.
Wilson has also collaborated with RZA on a screenplay entitle "Black Shampoo" based on the Wu-Tang Clan leader’s alter-ego, Bobby Digital.
Music.
During his tenure at Priority Records, Wilson worked extensively on several projects, including the "Training Day" original soundtrack which he A&R'd. In 2001, Wilson left his position as Director of A&R at Priority Records to found the independent label, Babygrande Records. Wilson said, “Early on, when I saw the whole consolidation trend starting to occur with major labels, I decided to branch out and start a small indie label”. Babygrande was initially funded by the money Wilson made from selling his scripts to Hollywood and operated from Wilson’s apartment. The label has released over two hundred titles, including albums from M.O.P., GZA of Wu-Tang Clan, U-God of Wu-Tang Clan, Raekwon, Brand Nubian, Grand Puba, Jedi Mind Tricks, Army Of The Pharaohs, Canibus, Hi-Tek and Sa-Ra, among others.
In 2004, SOHH recognized Wilson as a “player to watch”. He was also named one of Billboard Magazine’s 2005 Power Players. He has also been cited as an authority on piracy by Billboard Magazine.
Television.
Wilson served as Director of Business Affairs at Black Entertainment Television. Among other initiatives, Wilson assisted with the company's launch of its first made for television feature film division, BET Pictures and the production of its initial ten "Arabesque Films." The original slate of ten films was historic in that they represented the largest single slate of African-American themed films ever produced. 
New Media.
In 2006, Wilson and several other partners formed Triumph Media Holdings, Inc which launched the first Hip-Hop social media network, Crackspace. The press dubbed the website, "A Myspace/YouTube for hip-hop". In 2008, the site re-launched under the name iHipHop.
Personal life.
Wilson graduated from the University of Virginia, earning a Bachelor of Arts from the School of Architecture in 1990. He continued his graduate studies at The University of Virginia and went on to earn a Juris Doctorate from the University of Virginia School of Law and a Masters of Business Administration from the Darden Graduate School of Business Administration (JD/MBA) in 1994. As an undergraduate at the University of Virginia, Wilson was President of the university's NAACP chapter, and was selected to live in Thomas Jefferson's Academic Village also known as The Lawn which is among the highest student honors at the university. Wilson has been a member of the Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity since 1987. He also studied film at New York University’s Tisch School of the Arts.
In 2005, he married Jenise Campbell. He currently splits his time between Manhattan, New York City and Beverly Hills, California. He has two sons.

</doc>
<doc id="31011776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011776" title="List of microfluidics related companies">
List of microfluidics related companies

This list of microfluidics related companies gives an overview of companies providing microfluidics products or solutions.

</doc>
<doc id="31011791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011791" title="Afsana (film)">
Afsana (film)

Afsana is a 1951 Bollywood family drama film. It was the directorial debut of Baldev Raj Chopra and starred Ashok Kumar as twin brothers, starting a trend for such dual roles. It co-starred Veena, Pran, Kuldip Kaur, Jeevan, Cuckoo, and Baby Tabassum. The story was written by I. S. Johar and the music composed by Husnlal Bhagatram. 
Plot summary.
Ratan and Chaman (Ashok Kumar) are twin brothers who love the same girl, Meera. During a fair, all three are separated. While Chaman and Meera are found, Ratan is untraceable. Years later, Chaman is no longer attracted to Meera, but in a dancing girl named Rasily, while Meera awaits word of her childhood sweetheart Ratan, who she feels is still alive. Then the unexpected happens, Chaman gets into a fight with another man, killing him, and is on the run from the police. Misunderstandings are clarified, and the law declares this to be an accidental death, and as a result Chaman returns. But this is not the same Chaman any more. For one thing, he has lost interest in Rasily, and is more interested in Meera
Music.
The music was composed by Husnlal Bhagatram and the lyrics were by Asad Bhopali, Chander Oberoi, Saraswati Kumar Deepak and Gafil Harnalvi. 

</doc>
<doc id="31011802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011802" title="Mana Ashida">
Mana Ashida

Ashida's first appearance was in Asahi Broadcasting Corporation's "ABC Short Movie 2", though she rose to prominence after acting in the television drama "Mother". She became the youngest lead star in Japanese drama history when she starred in "Sayonara Bokutachi no Youchien". She was the youngest lead actress in a television serial drama by appearing in the serial drama "Marumo no Okite" in the spring of 2011. She also appeared in Japanese films such as "Confessions" and "Usagi Drop".
Ashida and her co-actor Fuku Suzuki sang the 2011 hit song "Maru Maru Mori Mori", the theme song for the television drama "Marumo no Okite".
Career.
Early career.
Ashida made her debut appearance in Asahi Broadcasting Corporation's "ABC Short Movie 2. Bokenmama" in 2009. Her first film was the live-action film adaptation of the manga "Hanbun no Tsuki ga Noboru Sora" in 2010. In the same year, she starred in the film "Confessions", as Manami Moriguchi. She also appeared in the film "", a Japanese remake of the 1990 film "Ghost". For her role in this film, she became one of the winners of the "Rookie of the Year" Award at the 34th Japan Academy Awards.
In addition to acting, Ashida did voice-over roles for foreign films released in Japan. She voiced Agnes in the Japanese version of the film "Despicable Me", and she was the voice of the young Fang Deng in the Japanese release of "Aftershock".
Late 2010 – early 2011: Rise to popularity.
Ashida rose to prominence after appearing in the award-winning television drama "Mother", as Reina Michiki, a young child abused by her mother. She won awards such as the Best Supporting Actress at the 14th Nikkan Sports Drama Grand Prix and the Special Award at the 4th Tokyo Drama Awards for her role. At the age of 6, Ashida became the youngest lead actress in a Japanese television drama in the special television drama-cum-movie "Sayonara Bokutachi no Youchien" in 2011. In the spring drama season, she became the youngest actress in a drama series when she starred in the television drama Marumo no Okite. She co-starred in this series with the then-6 years old actor Fuku Suzuki. The series received a viewership rating of 23.9% for its last episode, and an average rating of 15.48% for its entire run. 
She made her singing debut with Suzuki. They sang "Marumo no Okite's" theme song, "", under the temporary group name of . This song, recorded into a single, was released on 25 May 2011 by Universal Music and debuted third on the Oricon charts, which made the duo the youngest group in history to achieve a top-10 position on the Oricon charts. The previous record was set by the group in 2006. They also participated in the summer edition of the FNS Music Festival, which was broadcast on 6 August 2011 on the Fuji Television network. On 14 August 2011, Ashida appeared in the NHK music television program "Music Japan" with Suzuki, actress Nozomi Ohashi and actor Seishiro Kato. It was the first time all three appeared in the same show, in its segment entitled "MJ Summer Holidays: Children's Special".
In early 2011, Ashida appeared in several Japanese films, including "Inu to Anata no Monogatari", and "Hankyū Densha".
Late 2011: Solo music and variety host debut.
Ashida co-starred with actor Kenichi Matsuyama in the manga adaptation "Usagi Drop". She played the main character Rin, and was widely praised for her performance. The film's director, Sabu, praised her, saying that her laughter "was always echoing throughout the set, creating a peaceful atmosphere inside the set". "The Japan Times" reviewer Mark Schilling said that she "seamlessly accomplishes her evolution from forlorn waif to perky if unusually perceptive kid, while effortlessly charming everyone.". Mana Ashida won the "Best Newcomer" award at the 54th Blue Ribbon Awards. She was the youngest person to receive this award, beating the 1983 record set by actress Tomoyo Harada.
In October 2011, Ashida began co-hosting the NTV variety and talk show "Meringue no Kimochi" with the show's long-time hosts, Masami Hisamoto and Asako Ito. This made her the youngest regular host of a talk or variety show.
On 15 September 2011, it was announced that Ashida would make her solo music debut with Universal Music. She released her first single with them in October 2011, and her debut album in late 2011. The album contained songs that "Mama (Mana's mother) wants Mana-chan to sing". Her official profile on Universal Music's website was unveiled during the announcement. The single, a lively dance piece with a cheerful rhythm and similar to "Maru–Maru–Mori-Mori!", was entitled . The single was released in Japan on 26 October 2011, and was used in a commercial for Seven & I Holdings Co. It debuted at the 4th position on the Oricon weekly charts. This made Mana Ashida the youngest solo artist to rank in the Oricon weekly TOP10 charts at 7 years and 4 months old, breaking the previous record of 13 years old set by Kumiko Goto in 1987.
Ashida's debut album, entitled "Happy Smile!", was released in Japan on 23 November 2011. It debuted at the 8th position on the Oricon weekly charts, making Mana Ashida the youngest artist, at 7 years 5 months old, to have an album in the top 10 position. She beat the previous record of 13 years and 8 months set in 1974 by Canadian singer Rene Simard.
Ashida and Suzuki became the youngest participants on the annual Kōhaku Uta Gassen singing competition by participating in its 62nd edition.
2012 – present.
Ashida voiced the female lead character of Annie in the Japanese anime film adaptation of the Magic Tree House series in the first role in a 2012 film. She performed the theme song of the anime series "Jewelpet Kira☆Deco!". The song, entitled "Zutto Zutto Tomodachi", was also used in the 2012 anime film "". Ashida also appeared in the film, as Princess Mana. The song was released as a single on 16 May 2012, and reached number 17 on the Oricon Weekly Singles Charts.
Ashida starred as Miu Kinoshita, the daughter of a single father who suffered from juvenile Alzheimer's disease, in Fuji Television's summer drama series "Beautiful Rain". She also sang its theme song, entitled "Ame ni Negai o". Written by singer Yumi Matsutoya, "Ame ni Negai o" was the first drama theme song Mana performed solo. The single was released in Japan on 1 August 2012.
On 27 December 2012, she held her first solo concert at the Curian Shinagawa General Citizen Hall in Tokyo. Ashida made her Hollywood debut playing the role of young Mori Mako in the 2013 film "Pacific Rim". She auditioned for the role in October 2011, when she reportedly impressed the judges with her rich expressiveness.
Personal life.
Ashida was born on 23 June 2004 in Nishinomiya, Hyogo Prefecture. She is commonly nicknamed Mana-chan, which is a combination of her given name and the Japanese honorific used when addressing children (-chan). Ashida revealed that she is a fan of K-pop group Kara. She has said that she was "hooked on cycling a unicycle", and she reads over 60 books per month.

</doc>
<doc id="31011822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011822" title="Woody Smith">
Woody Smith

Forest Elwood "Woody" Smith (born February 25, 1927 in University City, Missouri, USA) is a baseball figure who spent 18 seasons playing in the minor leagues and another 12 managing at that level.
A third baseman, Smith played from 1946 to 1962 and again in 1969. Though his statistical record is incomplete, it is known that he collected at least 1,755 hits in his career - with at least 342 being doubles, 43 being triples and 130 being home runs. In 1951, he had perhaps his best season when he hit .320 with 30 doubles, six triples, three home runs and 162 hits for the West Palm Beach Indians.
He spent 1957 with the Miami Marlins of the International League, where he, Pancho Herrera, Mickey Micelotta, and Pancho Herrera were considered to be one of the best infields in the International League, with one writer saying, "they make plays the Phillies couldn't make." In October 1957, he was purchased by the Philadelphia Phillies to be placed on their roster, however he never appeared in the major leagues with them.
Smith began his managerial career in 1969 as skipper of the Miami Marlins, heading them until 1970. He then skippered the Miami Orioles until 1972. Each of the teams he managed in his first four seasons ended up becoming league champions.
In 1973, Smith managed the Key West Conchs. He skippered the San Antonio Missions in 1974 and 1975. Though he did not manage in 1976, he returned in 1977, managing the Waterloo Indians. That year, he led them to the league finals, which they lost, and in 1978 he led them to the playoffs, though they did not get past the first round. From 1979 to 1981, he managed the Chattanooga Lookouts.

</doc>
<doc id="31011842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011842" title="Altenburg station">
Altenburg station

Altenburg station is on the Saxon-Bavarian Railway from Leipzig to Hof in the city of Altenburg in the German state of Thuringia. South of Altenburg, in Lehndorf, the line to Gera branches to the west. Passenger services on other lines have been closed to Zeitz and to Narsdorf.
History.
Terminal station.
The original Altenburg station was located elsewhere in today's Fabrikstraße (street). Its opening ceremony was held on 19 September 1842 and it was the first station in the Ernestine duchies. The Duchy of Saxe-Altenburg required the station to be built as close as possible to the Residenzstadt (city with a royal palace) of Altenburg, which had the consequence that a further construction of the line to the south was not possible for topographical reasons and thus to the station was built as a terminal station. As a result the line to Hof first ran a short distance to the north and then made a 180-degree turn into the valley of the Pleiße, which is located east of the city.
Altenburg Hauptbahnhof.
Increasing traffic meant that the terminal station could no longer cope. In 1876, work began on a new station a little further to the east and the mainline was moved to a new route running south through a 375 m long tunnel. On 25 September 1878, the first train ran through the new tunnel. There are still remains of the former station in Fabrikstraße. The roof of Altenburg tunnel was removed for the electrification of the Leipzig–Hof line between 1957 and 1959.
Immediately northwest of the passenger station the, now defunct, Zeitz line ran through the marshalling yard, which is now let as sidings to the Villmanngruppe company.
As part of economic stimulus package, Altenburg station is being renovated by DB Station & Service. The focus of the project is the renewal and renovation of the platforms (raising of the platform edges to suit Intercity-Express services) and the sealing of the main platform roof. A new lift will facilitate access to the central platform, which are used by tracks 2 and 3.
Passenger services.
The station is on served by services on timetable routes 501.5, 503 and 540, on which the following lines of DB Regio Southeast run:

</doc>
<doc id="31011881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011881" title="What Are Words">
What Are Words

"What Are Words" is a hit song written by Rodney Jerkins, Andre Lindal and Lauren Christy, and performed by American singer Chris Medina. It was released on February 25, 2011, the day after his surprising elimination on the reality TV show American Idol. The song is a tribute to his fiance who suffered a brain injury as the result of a car wreck and is about promises, commitment and keeping your word.
Music video.
The music video was shot at Atlantis studios in Hollywood and was released days after the single. The video depicts Medina in the actual recording session alongside Rodney "Darkchild" Jerkins and LaShawn Daniels. Clips from Medina's American Idol audition and personal videos showing Medina and his fiance at their home together are also included.
Live performances.
Medina performed the ballad on "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno" on February 28, 2011 and on "Good Morning America" on March 4, 2011 as well as twice in Norway in June 2011. Once in front of approximately a hundred-thousand people at the free annual concert VG-Lista at Rådhusplassen, Oslo, being broadcast on nationwide television. One day later he performed again at ULOBAs (a Norwegian organisation to help disabled people) television-broadcast show "Stolthetsprisen", where the organisation awarded a prize to a disabled person for helping other people in the same situation to improve their way of living. Medina, as well as other artists performed at the show. Medina also performed the song during the President's Star Charity show in Singapore on 31 July 2011 to raise funds for the handicapped.
Humanitarianism.
In the wake of the 2011 Norway terrorist attacks, Medina was contacted by the family of Monica Iselin Didriksen, a victim of the massacre whose favorite song was "What Are Words," and was subsequently invited to Norway to sing at her funeral in Fana church. Medina cleared his schedule and traveled to Norway to perform the song with little media coverage and fanfare.
Chart performance.
The song debuted at number 22 on the "Billboard" Heatseekers Songs chart, and number 83 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It has since sold 49,000 copies in the United States.
The single reached number one on the Norwegian VG-lista chart on April 29, 2011 and remained at the top for 11 straight weeks. It is certified 4X platinum in Norway.<br>The single also went to number one in Singapore on May 13, 2011, for a three-week run. <br>The single went number one in Sweden on July 1, 2011 and remained for 8 straight weeks. It was awarded a 2X platinum certification in Sweden on September 20, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31011911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011911" title="Somewhere Inside (album)">
Somewhere Inside (album)

Somewhere Inside is the debut album by Canadian country music artist Chris Cummings. It was released by Warner Music Canada on June 18, 1996. The album peaked at number 21 on the "RPM" Country Albums chart and was certified gold by the CRIA.

</doc>
<doc id="31011913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011913" title="Feeding disorder">
Feeding disorder

A feeding disorder in infancy or early childhood is a child's refusal to eat certain food groups, textures, solids or liquids for a period of at least one month, which causes them to not gain enough weight or grow naturally. Feeding disorders resemble failure to thrive, except that in feeding disorder there is no medical or physiological condition that can explain the very small amount of food the children consume or their lack of growth.
Symptoms.
Children attempting to swallow different food textures often vomit, gag, or choke while eating. At feeding times they may react negatively to attempts to feed them, and refuse to eat. Other symptoms include difficulty in chewing or vomiting and spitting whilst eating. Many children may have feeding difficulties and may be picky eaters, but most of them still have a fairly healthy diet. Children with a feeding disorder however, will completely abandon some of the food groups, textures, or liquids that are necessary for human growth and development.
Children with this disorder can develop much more slowly and can also experience behavioral problems. In severe cases the child seems to feel socially isolated.
Types.
Feeding disorder has been divided into six further sub-types:
Associated problems.
A few of the medical and psychological conditions that have been known to be associated with this disorder include:
A child that is suffering from malnutrition can have permanently stunted mental and physical development. Getting treatment early is essential and can prevent many of the complications. They can also develop further eating disorders later in life such as anorexia nervosa, or they could become a limited eater—though they could still be a healthy child they may become a picky eater.
Diagnosis.
A barium swallow test is often performed, where the child is given a liquid or food with barium in it. This allows the consulting medical practitioners to trace the swallow-function on an x ray or other investigative system such as a CATScan. An endoscopic assignment test can also be performed, where an endoscope is used to view the oesophagus and throat on a screen. It can also allow viewing of how the patient will react during feeding.
Treatments.
There is no quick cure but, depending on the condition, the following steps can be taken: increasing the amount of calories and the amount of fluids; checks for vitamin or mineral deficiencies; finding out what the illnesses or psychosocial problems are. To accomplish these goals patients may have to be hospitalized for extensive periods of time. Treatment involves professionals from multiple fields of study including, but not limited to; dietitians, psychologists and physician. To obtain the best results, treatment should include a behavior modification plan under the guidance of multiple professionals.
Epidemiology.
Some 25% to 40% of infants and children are reported to have feeding problems—mainly colic, vomiting, slow feeding, and refusal to eat. It has been reported that up to 80% of infants with developmental handicaps also demonstrate feeding problems while 1 to 2% of infants aged less than one year show severe food refusal and poor growth. Among infants born prematurely, 40% to 70% experience some form of feeding problem.
See also.
Selective eating disorder

</doc>
<doc id="31011930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011930" title="The 49ers">
The 49ers

The 49ers is a hip-hop duo from Newark, Delaware and consists of members Jas Mace and Marchitect. They were also the focal members of another hip-hop group called The Outfit. The 49ers are known for their laid-back, jazzy, and soulful hip-hop music.
History.
The Outfit.
Jas Mace and Marchitect were introduced to each other through little league baseball in their hometown of Newark, Delaware. It was later realized that the two shared more than just a passion for sports, but also for hip-hop music. They began writing raps and recording music at Marchitect's house, which is also where their group's name was created. The origin of the name is the street address of where the two emcees honed their production and emceeing skills.
Marchitect's older brother, Grouchy Greg Watkins co-CEO of AllHipHop.com, organized a group called The Outfit. The Outfit released three 12" singles and a full length album on Oblique Recordings, a label that was also created by Grouchy Greg Watkins. The first 12" was released in 1995 and featured "Beauty of the Week" b/w "3 Mics, 2 Marks, and 1 Jas." In 1997, The Outfit released their second 12" that featured the songs "Why I Don't Know"/"Day In, Night Out" b/w "The Outfit Presents"/"Rise and Shine." Their final 12" release was in 1999 and featured the singles "Outta Sight" b/w "The Telephone." The 49ers were featured on all three of these releases. In 1999, The Outfit finally released their first and only full length album called "The Soundtrack to Life".
The 49ers.
The members of The Outfit eventually went their separate ways, but The 49ers continued recording. In 2007, they released their first full length album called "Equilibrium". The underground success of this album caught the ears of the Japanese record label Goon Trax, a subsidiary music label of Media Factory. This led to their first Goon Trax album called "State of the Art". The album included few new songs from The 49ers, and consisted mostly of previously released songs from "The Soundtrack to Life" and "Equilibrium". Included on the album was the 12" single that featured the songs "Breath of Fresh Air", "Champagne", and "Music." The 12" single also included a remix of "Breath of Fresh Air" that was produced by DJ Chika of Cradle Orchestra. In 2009, Goon Trax released The 49ers' second album in Japan called "The Ultrasound."
After two albums on Goon Trax, in 2011 The 49ers decided to move in another direction splitting with the label and releasing their 4th album called "Musaic", this time on Libyus Music. The album's title is a play on two words: Music and Mosaic. According to their website, The 49ers "wanted all the songs to have their own flavor and color, but to come together and make a complete picture. Like a musical mosaic, hence Musaic.” In the same year, The 49ers also released a collaboration album with the Japanese production unit ZDW!? (Zaa Dee Woo!?) called "Soulstice". The album featured various concepts and instruments providing a unique blend of both American and Japanese flavor. Not wasting much time, a year later in 2012, The 49ers sought the help of P-Vine Records to release their 5th album in Japan called "The World Record." Staying true to their goal of spreading authentic Hip-Hop throughout the world, the album features many producers and artists from Korea, Japan, France, United States, England, Jamaica, New Zealand, Taiwan, Australia, and Poland. Featured on the album are platinum selling America Hip-Hop artist Positive K and the Japanese Hip-Hop group Samurai Troops aka SMRYTRPS.
In 2006, The 49ers were featured in, and produced the Portobello Film Festival award winning documentary Guilty or Innocent of Using the N Word. Since 2007, The 49ers have been featured on many albums and compilations released in Japan. Their most successful release is titled "Imagine" and was featured on Re:plus' album called "Everlasting Truth". In 2013, The 49ers and Tribeca provided the rapping vocals for "Never Say Never", the opening theme of the Japanese anime series, "".

</doc>
<doc id="31011936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011936" title="Software used in the Personal Jukebox">
Software used in the Personal Jukebox

The following is a list of software used in the Personal Jukebox. It includes computer-based software, as well as device software
Device software.
Software development kit.
The original developers at Compaq Research designed an SDK (Software Development Kit) for the unit and published it under the Open Source GPL license in 2000.
Drivers.
The PJB does not integrate itself as a USB mass storage device into modern operating systems. Special drivers are required to make the operating system recognize an attached PJB. Drivers for Microsoft Windows and Mac OS were included, while drivers for Linux were developed by the open source community.
Official Software.
Jukebox Manager.
The included management tool for the PJB is the Jukebox Manager (the latest Windows version is v1.5.6). It is a pretty basic application which can create/delete/manage Sets, Discs and Tracks (when uploading, the user can choose which ID3-tag will represent which level). It can also encode CDs directly onto the PJB and query the CDDB for the proper disc/track information. Finally it can update the firmware. If manipulating some values in the Windows Registry, a hidden menu appears, which can be used to debug and in some cases repair a damaged TOC. The Jukebox Manager does not make use of some of the firmware’s later features, such as downloading tracks back to the computer and does not provide advanced features such as mass-uploading, synchronizing or creating playlists from M3U-playlists.
Jukemon.
A tool for Mac OS X that was developed to replace the Jukebox Manager, which would only run on the classic Mac OS. It also implements the PJB's USB drivers, so when using Jukemon, no additional drivers for the PJB are required.
Unofficial Software.
pjbExploder.
Development of the pjbExploder was started by Enea Mansutti in 2001 and later continued by Michael Hotchin. It is an open source project under the GPL, with its development page residing on SourceForge. It is one of the few projects for the PJB which still is actively developed. The latest version currently available is v1.0.47 (November 9, 2006).
This software has the same uploading capabilities of Sets/Discs/Tracks as the Jukebox Manager, but also provides additional features, such as mass-uploading, synchronizing, a playlist manager, creation of CUE-sheets, advanced search and sorting options, uploading of non-MP3 data files as well as the ability to re-download tracks to the PC or the playback of tracks on the PJB via the computer's audio hardware in real-time.
MP3Loader (discontinued).
MP3Loader was a shareware project by Robert Valentino and was popular for its mass-uploading capabilities, either representing fixed directory structures as Set/Discs/Tracks, or using M3u-playlists to generate the structure on the PJB.
OpenPJB.
The OpenPJB/pjbsdk Project on SourceForge tries to provide a base for all (open source) PJB applications, while also further developing the SDK. They also provide the PJB Tools, a collection of tools for the command line of various operating systems, published under the GPL (including documentations and a modified version of the SDK).
Linux projects.
There are also various Linux projects operating on SourceForge (some under the banner of the OpenPJB project). These range from Jukebox-Manager-like applications with a GUI for various window managers to projects making the PJB's file system mountable as a drive in Linux. Some of the projects include:

</doc>
<doc id="31011947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011947" title="1988 São Paulo F.C. season">
1988 São Paulo F.C. season


</doc>
<doc id="31011959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011959" title="Persip Pekalongan">
Persip Pekalongan

Persip stands for Persatuan Sepakbola Indonesia Pekalongan ("en: Football Association of Indonesia Pekalongan"). Persip Pekalongan is an Indonesian football club based in Pekalongan, Central Java. Club played in Liga Indonesia First Division.
Persip stadium named Gelora Bumi Batik Stadium in Keraton Sports Complex. Its location was in downtown Pekalongan, Central Java. Persip Pekalongan have fanatical supporters. The team regular in the northern community pride know called Pekalongan Raya, covers Pekalongan, Kajen, Batang Regency, Pemalang Regency, Tegal, Slawi, Brebes Regency.

</doc>
<doc id="31011994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31011994" title="Chris Cummings (album)">
Chris Cummings (album)

Chris Cummings is the second studio album by Canadian country music artist Chris Cummings. It was released by Warner Bros. Records on February 24, 1998 and served as Cummings' debut album in the United States. The album includes seven songs previously released on "Somewhere Inside".
"Little Sister's Blue Jeans" was previously recorded by Doug Stone on his 1994 album "More Love", and "'Til I See You Again" was previously a single for its writer, Kevin Welch, in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="31012000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012000" title="Cuno Tarfusser">
Cuno Tarfusser

Cuno Jakob Tarfusser (born 1954) is an Italian judge of the International Criminal Court (ICC).
Prior to his appointment to the ICC, he had an extensive legal career in Italy as a prosecutor, including holding the office of Chief Public Prosecutor. He studied at the University of Innsbruck and the University of Padova. He was appointed to his position on the ICC on 11 March 2009
He is assigned to Pre-Trial Chamber II at the International Criminal Court.

</doc>
<doc id="31012010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012010" title="List of ambassadors of Great Britain to France">
List of ambassadors of Great Britain to France

The Ambassador of Great Britain to France (French: "L'Ambassadeur britannique en France") was the foremost diplomatic representative in France of the Kingdom of Great Britain, created by the Treaty of Union in 1707, in charge of the British diplomatic mission in France.
Traditionally, the Embassy to France was the most prestigious posting in the English and later British foreign services, although in the eighteenth century there was sometimes no diplomatic representation between the two countries, due to the wars between them.
For Ambassadors to France after 1800, see List of ambassadors from the United Kingdom to France.

</doc>
<doc id="31012039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012039" title="Currentweek">
Currentweek

Currentweek is an English-language online news magazine in India. Current Week provides information on various topics like Technology., Health, Current Affairs, Sports, Environment, Space, Politics etc

</doc>
<doc id="31012047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012047" title="Persidago Gorontalo">
Persidago Gorontalo

Persidago stands for Persatuan Sepakbola Indonesia Daerah Kabupaten Gorontalo (en: "Football Association of Indonesia Gorontalo Regency Region"). Persidago Gorontalo is an Indonesian football club based in Limboto, Gorontalo Regency, Gorontalo. Club played in Liga Indonesia Second Division. 
Persidago stadium named Gelora 23 January Stadium. Its location was in downtown Gorontalo Regency, Gorontalo. 

</doc>
<doc id="31012056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012056" title="Lonesomeville">
Lonesomeville

Lonesomeville is the third studio album by Canadian country music artist Chris Cummings. It was released by Warner Music Canada on February 15, 2000. The album peaked at number 17 on the "RPM" Country Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31012063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012063" title="Illinois gubernatorial election, 1846">
Illinois gubernatorial election, 1846

The Illinois gubernatorial election of 1842 was the eighth quadrennial election for this office. Democrat Augustus C. French defeated Whig nominee Thomas M. Kilpatrick,for the office. Richard Eels of the Liberty Party came in a distant third.
The term was cut short, and lasted only half the normal length. This synchronized the gubernatorial election with the election for President.
This was the first time in the history of the state that a governor was re-elected, though governor Joseph Duncan attempted this and failed.

</doc>
<doc id="31012067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012067" title="Pastor Obligado">
Pastor Obligado

Pastor Obligado (August 9, 1818 — March 12, 1870) was an Argentine lawyer and lawmaker who served as Governor of the secessionist State of Buenos Aires from 1853 to 1858.
Life and times.
Early life and career.
Obligado was born in Buenos Aires to Juana María Tejedor and Manuel Obligado. The elder Obligado had enrolled at the bar at the Royal Audiencia of Charcas, was among the signatories of the Open Cabildo of May 22, 1810, that ushered the May Revolution, and served as Economy Minister for the subsequent Directorate. 
The younger Obligado married the former Fortunata Gómez in 1839, and they had four children. He earned a law degree at the University of Buenos Aires in 1845, and despite having publicly supported Governor Juan Manuel de Rosas, Obligado was appointed provincial circuit judge the day after Rosas' 1852 overthrow. He advocated against Buenos Aires' ratification of the San Nicolás Agreement, and became one of a leading group of Unitarian Party lawmakers most opposed to any pact signed with the now paramount Entre Ríos Governor, Justo José de Urquiza.
This group, which also included Adolfo Alsina, Valentín Alsina, José Mármol, and Carlos Tejedor, spearheaded the September 11, 1852, establishment of the State of Buenos Aires, seceding from the Argentine Confederation led by Urquiza. Obligado's advocacy on behalf of the Port of Buenos Aires and the Buenos Aires Customs (the chief sources of public revenue), as well as the support from Domingo Sarmiento and Rufino de Elizalde helped result in his election as Governor by the Legislature on June 28, 1853.
Tenure as Governor.
Governor Obligado obtained passeage of the Constitution of Buenos Aires on April 12, 1854, and initiated an ambitious public works program, installing the first gas lamps and running water system in the city, and establishing what later became the Colegio Nacional de Buenos Aires, as well as a network of public primary schools for the largely illiterate population at the time. The 1854 constitution, drafted by Dalmacio Vélez Sársfield, asserted the sovereignty of Buenos Aires, including its right to engage in its own diplomatic relations, as well as a bicameral legislature and freedom of worship.
Obligado abolished slavery and reformed the practice of emphyteusis, after which land could be sold at a regulated rate of 16,000 silver pesos ("pesos fuerte", nearly at par with the U.S. dollar) per square league (4,428 acres). He established a national mint under the auspices of the Bank of the Province of Buenos Aires, and subsidies for industry and commerce; on August 30, 1857, the recently established Buenos Aires Western Railway inaugurated its first line, designed by British engineer William Bragge. 
Obligado attended the first demonstration of the telegraph in Argentina on October 14, 1855. The event, coordinated by French engineer Adolphe Bertonnet, failed to persuade the governor, however, despite its enthusiastic coverage by the official news daily, Dalmacio Vélez Sársfield's "El Nacional". 
The establishment of a free trade agreement by the Confederation between the Port of Rosario (its chief port) and the Port of Montevideo proved detrimental to Buenos Aires trade. Worsening relations thus led to the re-election of the more intransigent Valentín Alsina as Governor at the end of 1858, and in February 1859, Alsina enacted retaliatory tariffs against Confederate goods. Tensions culminated in the Battle of Cepeda (1859) and the Battle of Pavón (1861), leading to significant concessions from the Confederation toward Buenos Aires, and to their reunification in December 1861.
Obligado served in the Buenos Aires Legislature following the end of his tenure as governor, fought in the Battles of Cepeda and Pavón, and served in Bartolomé Mitre's cabinet as Minister of War following the 1862 election of the Buenos Aires leader as President of Argentina. Obligado served concurrently in the Argentine Chamber of Deputies, to which he was elected in 1862.
He died in Córdoba Province in 1870, at age 51, and was interred at La Recoleta Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="31012070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012070" title="Meseautó">
Meseautó

Meseautó is a 1934 Hungary romantic comedy film directed by Béla Gaál and starring Zita Perczel, Ella Gombaszögi and Klári Tolnay. A tycoon falls in love with a poor woman and secretly buys her a car. The 1935 British film "Car of Dreams" was based on this film.

</doc>
<doc id="31012079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012079" title="SANS Investigative Forensics Toolkit">
SANS Investigative Forensics Toolkit

The SANS Investigative Forensic Toolkit ("SIFT") is a computer forensics VMware appliance that is pre-configured with all the necessary tools to perform a detailed digital forensic examination. It is compatible with expert witness format (E01), advanced forensic format (AFF), and raw (dd) evidence formats. The new version has been completely rebuilt on an Ubuntu base with many additional tools and capabilities that can match any modern forensic tool suite.
Use.
The toolkit has the ability to securely examine raw disks, multiple file systems, and evidence formats. It places strict guidelines on how evidence is examined (read-only), verifying that the evidence has not changed.

</doc>
<doc id="31012080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012080" title="Valea Tătarilor River">
Valea Tătarilor River

The Valea Tătarilor River is a tributary of the Măgura River in Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="31012090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012090" title="Subject 13">
Subject 13

"Subject 13" is the 15th episode of the third season of the American science fiction drama television series "Fringe", and the 58th episode overall. Inspired by fan reaction to the show's previous flashback episode, "Peter", "Subject 13" occurs 25 years before the show's current timeline, in 1985 a few months after "Peter". The episode, with scenes set in both the prime and the parallel universe, explore Walter and Elizabeth Bishop's attempts to return Peter to the parallel universe using the Cortexiphan-induced abilities of young Olivia Dunham, while Walternate in the parallel universe struggles to deal with the kidnapping of his son.
Showrunners Jeff Pinkner and J. H. Wyman, as well as consulting producer Akiva Goldsman wrote the episode, while producer Frederick E. O. Toye worked as the director. Guest actress Orla Brady returned to reprise the role of Elizabeth, while Chandler Canterbury, Karley Scott Collins, and Chris Bradford made their first guest appearances. On its initial broadcast in the United States on February 25, 2011, an estimated 4.0 million viewers tuned in. Critical reception to the episode was overwhelmingly positive. It was ranked the third best episode of the entire series by "Entertainment Weekly".
Plot.
"Subject 13" is set in 1985, a few months after the events of "Peter", during which Walter (John Noble) brought the parallel universe's version of his son Peter into the prime one to cure him of a genetic disease. In the following months, Peter (Chandler Canterbury) doubts he is from the prime universe, and attempts to drown himself in Reiden Lake, believing it the way to his universe. Elizabeth (Orla Brady), Walter's wife, worries for the boy, and takes him with her to Jacksonville, Florida, where Walter is studying the effects of the nootropic drug on several children. Walter and Elizabeth agree they need to return Peter to the parallel universe for both the child's sanity and to prevent that universe from discovering theirs.
In the parallel universe, Walternate's (Noble) position as national security czar makes Peter's disappearance a major news story. Walternate falls into a deep depression, unable to explain how his child has been kidnapped by someone that looked exactly like him. Elizabeth coaxes him out of his depression and he returns to Bishop Dynamic in Florida to continue his job.
One of Walter's subjects is young Olivia Dunham (Karley Scott Collins), aka "Subject 13". Walter suspects Olivia's stepfather (Chris Bradford) is abusing her based on bruises she carries and frightening drawings in her sketchbook, but Olivia refuses to talk about it. One night, as Olivia is about to be struck by her stepfather, she temporarily finds herself in a different place; the next day, she draws in her sketchbook a picture of what she saw in the other place: a zeppelin (which are a common mode of transportation in the alternate universe). Walter realizes that Olivia crossed over to the parallel universe, and can be the means for returning Peter. Walter puts Olivia under several tests to try to coax her to cross over, eventually eliminating all emotions but fear as the triggering mechanism. He arranges a traumatic test for Olivia, but instead of crossing over, she exhibits pyrokinesis and sets the room afire. In the confusion of extinguishing the blaze, she disappears. 
Peter, discovering a picture of white tulips in Olivia's book, is able to find her nearby. After they introduce themselves, Olivia admits to being scared of going home to her stepfather. Peter tells her to trust Walter and to face her fear, and then returns her to the child care center, to everyone's relief. As Olivia waits for her stepfather, she sketches a picture of her and Peter in her book. As her stepfather is about to arrive, Olivia decides she must tell Walter about him, and rushes to his office. Olivia, in tears, hands Walter the sketchbook, explaining about her stepfather's abuse and that she knew she had crossed over to the parallel universe. She is interrupted by a sound from behind her: it is Walter. Olivia had temporarily entered the parallel universe and spoken to Walternate. Walter takes Olivia to her stepfather, but warns the man that he will be reported to social services if Olivia is harmed again.
Elizabeth and Peter return to Reiden Lake, and Peter eventually comes to call Elizabeth his mom, but Elizabeth becomes forlorn after she realizes the lie she has been maintaining for the last few months. The episode ends in the parallel universe, where Walternate has reviewed Olivia's sketchbook, including her latest picture of her and Peter; now aware of the parallel universe, Walternate gains new resolve to get his Peter back.
Production.
"Subject 13" was co-written by co-showrunners Jeff Pinkner, J. H. Wyman and consulting producer Akiva Goldsman, while former "Fringe" producer Frederick E. O. Toye directed. It was the first episode Toye directed since the first season. In an interview with "TV Guide", Pinkner and Wyman revealed they had known Olivia and Peter met as children for a long time, but did not decide to show this to the audience until they wrote the episode. Wyman described Elizabeth Bishop's successful lie at making Peter believe she is his real mother as "the beginning of the end for her," as her character will ultimately commit suicide.
Olivia's abusive stepfather, whom she non-fatally shot when nine years old, makes his first appearance in "Subject 13". In early January 2011, TVline's Michael Ausiello exclusively reported that "Fringe" was casting for an actor to play the part. Several news sources later in early March noticed on the Internet Movie Database that actor Chris Bradford had been cast. The casting report later turned out to be true, as Bradford appeared in the episode. Chandler Canterbury appeared in the episode as a young Peter Bishop, a role previously played by Quinn Lord in the second season episode "Peter". Karley Scott Collins also made a guest appearance as a younger version of Olivia Dunham.
Actor John Noble, who played two versions of a younger Walter in both "Peter" and "Subject 13", described the process it took to make him appear years younger in an interview with Digital Spy: 
"Our makeup lady, particularly for the second flashback, worked out some terrific techniques to get the skin softer so it loses the wrinkles and so forth. This year we've come up with some terrific technology. And have a beautiful handmade wig which at that stage was the right length - should we go on further we'd need to trim it back. We've looked at it really carefully. As we become more efficient it's generally about three or four hours in makeup".
As with other "Fringe" episodes, Fox released a science lesson plan in collaboration with Science Olympiad for grade school children, focusing on the science seen in "Subject 13", with the intention of having "students learn about adaptation and how the process helps organisms survive in their specific ecological environment."
Cultural references.
The show reuses the 1980s-styled introduction sequence from "Peter". One scene set in the prime universe is at a toy store and shows many vintage toys of that period, including toys from "Ghostbusters", "Battlestar Galactica", and "", as well as an Atari 2600 entertainment system. There, a boy can be seen playing the 1982 video game Joust. Before her stepfather strikes her, young Olivia is seen reading the book "Winter's Tale" by Mark Helprin. Among the tests Walter puts Olivia through is the Project Christmas block test ("The Indicator") from "Alias", another television series created by "Fringe" executive producer J.J. Abrams. In the parallel universe, Walternate is credited with making the Star Wars program work, leading to his role as the national security czar. The episode also features a reference to the DC Comics character Green Lantern, dubbed Red Lantern in the parallel universe, as noted by Peter. 
One of the other identified students at the daycare center is Nick Lane, whose adult character appears in the episodes "Bad Dreams" and "Over There". In parallel with William Bell's founding of the technology company Massive Dynamic in the prime universe, Walternate has founded Bishop Dynamic in the parallel universe, situated in Jacksonville. The field of white tulips revisits the theme of the episode "White Tulip" from Season 2, where Walter believes that seeing a white tulip is a sign of God's forgiveness of his actions. The video of Olivia setting fire to the lab, as well as the setting of the nursery school where the Cortexiphan experiments took place, are references to the second season episode "Jacksonville".
Reception.
Ratings.
"Subject 13" first aired on the Fox network in the United States on February 25, 2011. It retained similar viewership from the previous week's episode, "6B", with an estimated 4.0 million viewers and a 1.5 ratings share among those aged between 18 and 49. In that demographic, "Subject 13" helped Fox tie with CBS for first place, though Fox placed in fourth among total viewers. Time shifted viewing increased the episode's ratings among adults by 53 percent to a 2.3 ratings share.
Reviews.
The episode received almost universal critical praise. Andrew Hanson from the "Los Angeles Times" called it one of his favorite "Fringe" episodes due to the "incredible" opening, Brady and Noble's "outstanding" performances, and the scene with Olivia unknowingly talking to Walternate. Like Hanson, Ken Tucker from "Entertainment Weekly" also praised the actors' performances, and thought it was "one of the most moving and revelatory episodes in the series' short history". Though he felt the episode did not quite match up to "Peter", Ramsey Isler from IGN rated "Subject 13" an 8.5/10. He believed the opening to be "tense and surprising" and praised the child actors' performances. Finally, he thought the scene in which Olivia accidentally encounters Walternate was a "brilliant plot twist that ties a lot of things together". 
CNN's Henry Hanks wrote the episode "is reason enough to bring this series back for another season," and praised Noble's performance as Emmy-worthy; Hanks also loved the "genius" musical score written by composers Michael Giacchino and Chris Tilton. Noel Murray from "The A.V. Club" graded the episode with an A-, explaining that, like the other reviewers, he loved the opening sequence with Peter on the lake, the newest mythology details, as well as how Walternate discovered the prime universe. Murray also loved the "mood" of the episode, but had minor problems with the plot, as he thought it was now harder to believe Olivia, Peter, and Walter were strangers to each other in the first season. James Poniewozik of "Time" magazine concluded that the episode "was not the revelation that 'Peter' was, though a phase-shifting Olivia’s mistaking of Walternate for Walter was one of the series’ most mindblowing moments (and, again, a Lostian bit of disorienting sleight of hand). But it was again an effective detour in which "Fringe" reminded us that time has parallels just as space does, and that the past is emotionally overlaid on the present just as its Over There is overlaid on our world." 
TV.com staff highlighted "Subject 13" as one of the best television episodes of the 2010–11 United States network television schedule. Jeff Jensen of "Entertainment Weekly" named "Subject 13" the third best episode of the series, explaining "The nighttime scene between the two kids (well played by Chandler Canterbury and Karley Scott Collins) in the field of white tulips might be the most memorable scene in all of "Fringe". 'Subject 13' is also one of the great parallel universe episodes, too, charting the shattering impact of Peter's abduction on both sets of Walter and Elizabeth (Orla Brady). 'Subject 13' was so essential, so emotionally wrenching." IGN found the episode to be the fifth best of the series.
Awards and nominations.
At the 33rd Young Artist Awards, Chandler Canterbury received a nomination for Best Performance In a TV Series – Guest Starring Young Actor 11-13, but lost to Austin Michael Coleman of "House M.D." and Baljodh Nagra of "R.L. Stine's The Haunting Hour".

</doc>
<doc id="31012093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012093" title="Cuțitura River">
Cuțitura River

The Cuțitura River is a tributary of the Măgura River in Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="31012100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012100" title="2011 Churchill Cup">
2011 Churchill Cup

The 2011 Churchill Cup, the ninth and final edition of an annual international rugby union tournament, took place in Northampton, Esher, Gloucester and Worcester. This was just the second time in the tournament's history in which England played host.
Competitors.
The three regular participants in the event — the senior national sides of the USA and Canada, and England's "A" (second-level) national side, the England Saxons, were joined by second year participants Russia and two first-time competitors: Italy A and Tonga. England Saxons fielded a very young, promising team, while Italy A picked a very experienced side, with many of the regulars for the main national team.
Format.
The teams played in a round-robin format between two pools to decide the elimination matches. All six teams participate on the finals day: the two pool winners will compete in the Cup Final, the two runners-up will play in a Plate Final, and the two bottom-placed teams will meet in the Bowl Final.
Venues.
The pool rounds were played at Franklin's Gardens in Northampton, Molesey Road in Esher and Kingsholm Stadium in Gloucester. The finals were played at Sixways Stadium in Worcester.
Fixtures and results.
Pool stage.
Pool A.
Touch judges:
Llyr ApGeraint-Roberts
Andrew Watson
Television match official:
David Matthews
Touch judges:
Luke Pearce
Stuart Terheege
Television match official:
Geoff Warren
Pool B.
Touch judges:
Andrew Small
Ian Tempest
Television match official:
David Matthews
Touch judges:
David Rose
Roy Maybank
Television match official:
Geoff Warren
Touch judges:
Television match official:

</doc>
<doc id="31012102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012102" title="Ooh, That Could Cost Him the Gold, Bob!">
Ooh, That Could Cost Him the Gold, Bob!

Ooh, That Could Cost Him the Gold, Bob! is the fourth studio album by Canadian country music artist Chris Cummings. It was released by Warner Music Canada on March 26, 2002. "Cowboy Hats," "Betty," "Benefit of Doubt," "Pamela Anderson Is in My Bedroom" and "I Get That a Lot" were released as singles.

</doc>
<doc id="31012107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012107" title="Norman S. Paul">
Norman S. Paul

Norman Stark Paul (March 23, 1919 – March 30, 1978) was United States Assistant Secretary of Defense for Legislative Affairs from January 25, 1961 to June 30, 1962; Assistant Secretary of Defense for Force Management Policy from August 8, 1962 to September 30, 1965; and United States Under Secretary of the Air Force from October 1965 to September 1967. He died of cancer in Washington, D.C. on May 30, 1978 at the age of 59.

</doc>
<doc id="31012109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012109" title="En haluu kuolla tänä yönä">
En haluu kuolla tänä yönä

"En haluu kuolla tänä yönä" () is a Finnish-language song by Finnish pop singer Jenni Vartiainen. It was released on 1 February 2010 by Warner Music Finland as the lead single from her second studio album "Seili". The lyrics are written by Finnish rapper Mariska and composed by Vartiainen and Jukka Immonen. "En haluu kuolla tänä yönä" received the 2010 Emma Award for the Song of the Year and it was the most-played song on commercial Finnish radio stations in 2010 with over 5,200 plays.
Chart performance.
In February 2010, "En haluu kuolla tänä yönä" debuted at number 11 on the Finnish Singles Chart and jumped to number one the next week. The song charted for a total of 21 weeks. Selling platinum with over 11,000 copies in Finland to date, "En haluu kuolla tänä yönä" was the sixth-best-selling single of 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="31012125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012125" title="Count of Chinchón">
Count of Chinchón

The Spanish noble title Count of Chinchón () was initially created by Charles I of Spain on 9 May 1520, granting the title to Fernando de Cabrera y Bobadilla. The title remained under the Cabrera family until 1683 when the Italian aristocratic Savelli family acquired the county.
In 1738, Giuseppe Sforza-Cesarini, 9th Count of Chinchón sold the territory to King Philip V of Spain's son, Philip. Philip then ceded the county to his younger brother, Luis on 28 May 1761. However, Luis and his successors would lose the rights to the Spanish throne following a battle of succession amongst his brothers (Carlos was the victor). The county remains in Bourbon-Faronese hands until 1828 when Countess María Teresa de Borbón died, her daughter Carlota de Godoy succeeding her. The Italian Ruspoli family eventually acquired the county through marriage with Carlota de Godoy.

</doc>
<doc id="31012138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012138" title="Greatest Hits (Chris Cummings album)">
Greatest Hits (Chris Cummings album)

Greatest Hits is the first greatest hits album by Canadian country music artist Chris Cummings. It was released by Warner Music Canada on April 27, 2004. "Lucy Got Lucky" and "Not Again" were released as singles.

</doc>
<doc id="31012141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012141" title="Veenangeni">
Veenangeni

About the village.
Veenangeni() is a small village near Vadalur town, in Cuddalore district, in the state of Tamil Nadu, in India. veenangeni is the gateway for entering into the village Mettukkuppam, where saint VALLALAR Ramalinga Swamigal spent end of his life.
Occupation.
Main occupation is agriculture. People depend mainly on water from nearby lignite mines(Neyveli Lignite corporation) for irrigation.
Training institutes and Schools.
1. Vivekananda Polytechnic college.
2. Vivekananda teacher training institute.
3. Government primary school.
4. vivekananda Primary school.
Google map.
Vivekananda Polytechnic College, Seplanatham

</doc>
<doc id="31012147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012147" title="Bolyu language">
Bolyu language

The Bolyu language (autonym: pɔ33 lju13; ; also known as Paliu, Palyu, or Lai 俫语, 徕语) is an Austroasiatic language of the Pakanic branch (Sidwell 1995). In 1984, Bolyu was first studied by Liang Min of the Nationalities Research Institute in Beijing. Liang was the first to suggest the Mon–Khmer affiliation of Bolyu, which was later confirmed by Western linguists such as Paul K. Benedict, Paul Sidwell, and Jerold A. Edmondson.
Classification.
Bolyu is related to the Bugan language, forming the Pakanic branch along with it. However, the place of the Pakanic branch within the Mon–Khmer family is uncertain. Sidwell (1995) suggests that the Pakanic branch may be an Eastern Mon–Khmer branch, thus making it most closely related to the Vietic branch. However, Gérard Diffloth classiflies Pakanic as Northern Mon–Khmer, making it most closely related to the Palaungic branch.
Distribution.
The Bolyu-speaking population is found in the following locations in southern China (Edmondson 1995).
In the following villages, only elderly speakers of Bolyu remain.
1,400 Bolyu reside in Guangxi, and over 1,000 in Yunnan.
Phonology.
Bolyu is a monosyllabic tonal language like the surrounding Tai–Kadai and Hmong–Mien languages. Unlike Bugan, Bolyu does not have a tense–lax voice quality distinction.
Bolyu has a total of six tones (Edmondson 1995).
There are 7 vowels in Bolyu (Edmondson 1995): .
Bolyu allows for a large variety of consonant clusters, and has 8 possible consonantal finals (Sidwell 1995): -p, -t, -k, -m, -n, -ŋ, -w, -j.

</doc>
<doc id="31012154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012154" title="Misty Edwards">
Misty Edwards

Misty Edwards is an American contemporary Christian musician and worship leader.
Background.
The daughter of a music teacher, Edwards began her music career at the age of 19, when she joined the International House of Prayer as an intern. After she joined she was asked to begin playing the piano at their services. In her role as one of the organizational leaders of IHOPKC, she often leads worship and prayer services. She has also written an article for Charisma.
Edwards frequently incorporates Bible verses into her music, particularly concerning eschatological themes. Her music is often accompanied by a speaker who repeats several biblical phrases periodically. Edwards has released several CDs, one of which is accompanied by an acoustic version. She also plays at the annual Onething conference.
Discography.
Misty Edwards has also been featured on IHOPKC compilations such as: Immersed, Constant, Majestic, and the Onething Live albums, Pursuit of the Holy, Holy to the Lord, Where I Belong, Before His Eyes, You Satisfy My Soul, Sing Your Praises, and numerous bi-monthly limited editions from the IHOPKC prayer room.

</doc>
<doc id="31012155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012155" title="Kalteng Putra FC">
Kalteng Putra FC

Kalteng Putra FC stands for Football Club Men's Central Kalimantan formerly Persepar Palangkaraya. Kalteng Putra FC is a football club from Palangkaraya, Central Kalimantan. Now Kalteng Putra FC play in the First Division Indonesian League competition. Kalteng Putra FC has the nickname "Warriors Isen Mulang", or it could be called Borneo Hornbill bird which is native island of Borneo, Isen Mulang own army which means never retreat. Kalteng Putra FC also has a special color that is often used by fanatical supporters, "Kalteng Mania" that color "Bahandang" taken from the Dayak language that has meaning brave red. Kalteng Putra FC's home stadium is located Pahoe Tuah Stadium in Jalan Tjilik Riwut Km. 5 Palangkaraya.
History
Kalteng Putra FC Round of Persepar Palangkaraya first established on 01 January 1970 in the form of union that the union currently consists of 48 clubs & Persepar first Palangkaraya now Kalteng Putra FC 's son as the parent organization of football in Palangkaraya . Koetin JJ is a football hero at the same time the chairman of the Central Kalimantan Central Kalimantan since the founding of the first Son Son , 23 years Mr. JJ Koetin become chairman Persepar ( union ) Kalteng Putra FC Son from 1970 to 1993 . Sir JJ Koetin , he is still healthy and living in Tamiang Layang After Koetin pack era ends , the next chairman is Nahson Taway Persepar 1993-1998 . and continued the next period 1998-2001 was chairman Persepar Drs . Hendry Jonah .
Point rise in 2001-2005 Persepar is currently chairman Persepar Drs . Andi Hamzah 2001 Persepar into Division 2 national participants and turned into a club is no longer a union Because Persepar has become a national club , then Persepar no longer in charge of the club as the current union . Since 2001 Persepar officially became a club member PSSI and have voting rights in Congress . Mr. Hendry Jonah led Persepar years 1998-2001 through Musdalub while still union .
After the era of andi Hamzah , chairman next Persepar Tuah Pahoe mayor P.raya 2006. Tuah future Pahoe Persepar name came to prominence in the national football scene in 2005 1.Pada division , Persepar in arsiteki by coach Salahuddin , and qualified for the Division 1 league Indonesia . In 2007 Persepar in arsiteki by Hartono coach Ruslan . In 2008 , exactly 2 years as chairman , Mr. Tuah Pahoe died of illness . In 2008 Persepar still in Division 1 and in arsiteki by coach from Medan Suharto . In 2009 Persepar trained by coach Inyong lolombulan , then replaced coach Nandar Iskandar in round two .
In the 2010 season was in arsiteki Persepar by local coaches coach Tamamie Eko , Mr. Wahyudi F Persepar Dirun become chairman in 2009 . The next chairman is Mrs. Tuty Persepar Dau . Persepar 2011-2012 season won the primary division , coached by coach Agus Sutyono . In the 2013 season Persepar already on the highest peak of Indonesian football & Competed in the IPL .
A Brief review
Kalteng Putra FC ever felt the intense competition in the country of football , namely when the Son of Kalteng Putra FC play in the IPL season 2012 - 2013 when the promotion of primary division and go on to win the division that year . Which we know when the league we have duality and Kalteng Putra FC chose to compete in the IPL from ISL to the moment it is not considered official by the PSSI .
However seiringnya time PSSI also reunite the two leagues where clubs from IPL to go through a playoff to be played next year in the ISL . Kalteng Putra FC was eager to play football at the highest caste homeland for the sake of ambition mewujutkan all football fans on earth tambun Bungai , Kalteng Putra FC Son was with full kemampun wade playoff competition by finishing runner up after a 2-3 defeat of the Pro Ambassador FC in the final and Pro Duta FC as a champion.
But it faded and vanished intention Kalteng Putra FC to play in the 2013-2014 season after PSSI ISL does not pass verification Kalteng Putra FC in the stadium unfit for the match between clubs carried ISL . But it was not alone in feeling for the club Pro Duta FC who won a playoff is not in loloskan PSSI . But Kalteng Putra FC was not discouraged by their steadfast start again from the First Division and wish them luck and fate can participate in football country like his elder brother Crown Barito Banjarmasin which has been in existence at the football ground water .

</doc>
<doc id="31012160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012160" title="Mohamed Oukrif">
Mohamed Oukrif

Mohamed Oukrif (born 14 August 1988) is an Algerian professional footballer. He currently plays as a Defender for the Algerian Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 club MC Saïda.
Club career.
Olympique de Médéa.
Since his club's promotion to Ligue 2, due to the professionalisation of the league Oukrif was offered a new contract. He scored the equaliser on the 4 December 2010 against CA Batna, which in turn was his first goal of the 2010-11 season. He scored his second goal of the season against ES Mostaganem on 10 December 2010 in the seventy-sixth minute in a 4-2 thriller, with Olympique de Médéa taking all three points.
On July 25, 2011, Oukrif signed a three year contract with MC Saïda.

</doc>
<doc id="31012166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012166" title="Who Says You Can't?">
Who Says You Can't?

"Who Says You Can't?" is the fifth studio album by Canadian country music artist Chris Cummings. It was released by Koch Records on October 17, 2006. "Dixie Beauxderaunt," "For the Music," "Love Is Fine," "In the Nicest Way" and "Hey What You Know" were released as singles.

</doc>
<doc id="31012190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012190" title="Joseph Cartwright">
Joseph Cartwright

Joseph or Joe Cartwright may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31012207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012207" title="Give Me Tonight (album)">
Give Me Tonight (album)

Give Me Tonight is the sixth studio album by Canadian country music artist Chris Cummings. It was released by Royalty Records on September 21, 2010. "Welcome Back," "Heart Like a Stone" and "Leaving's Not an Option" were released as singles.

</doc>
<doc id="31012208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012208" title="Reiman Bridge">
Reiman Bridge

The Reiman Pedestrian Bridge is a cable-stayed footbridge in downtown Milwaukee, Wisconsin that spans Lincoln Memorial Drive, connecting the Milwaukee Art Museum on the lakeshore to the east side of the downtown's central business district. The bridge was built in 2001 as part of a major expansion to the museum that included the Quadracci Pavilion. Both the bridge and Quadracci Pavilion were designed by Santiago Calatrava, the first such structures built in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="31012209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012209" title="Valea Mare River (Horezu)">
Valea Mare River (Horezu)

The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Horezu River in Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="31012225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012225" title="Pathariya (Vidhan Sabha constituency)">
Pathariya (Vidhan Sabha constituency)

Pathariya Vidhan Sabha constituency (formerly Patharia) () is one of the 230 Vidhan Sabha (Legislative Assembly) constituencies of Madhya Pradesh state in central India. This constituency came into existence in 1961, following delimitation of the legislative assembly constituencies. It was reserved for the candidates belonging to the Scheduled castes from 1961-2008.
Overview.
Pathariya (constituency number 54) is one of the 4 Vidhan Sabha constituencies located in Damoh district. This constituency covers the entire Batiyagarh and Pathariya tehsils of the district.
Pathariya is part of Damoh Lok Sabha constituency along with seven other Vidhan Sabha segments, namely, Damoh, Jabera and Hatta in this district, Deori, Rehli and Banda in Sagar district and Malhara in Chhatarpur district.

</doc>
<doc id="31012230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012230" title="Valea Boului River (Horezu)">
Valea Boului River (Horezu)

The Valea Boului River is a tributary of the Horezu River in Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="31012236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012236" title="Edgar Morgan">
Edgar Morgan

Edgar Morgan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31012249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012249" title="Harry Todd (golfer)">
Harry Todd (golfer)

Harry Todd (November 6, 1916 – October 9, 1966) was an American professional golfer.
Todd was born in Dallas, Texas. As an amateur, he won the 1939 Western Amateur and finished runner-up to Bud Ward in 1941. He turned professional in 1945.
Todd made his living primarily as a club professional, but did play on the PGA Tour after World War II. He won once, at the 1946 Orlando Open. Also in 1946, he finish one stroke behind Ben Hogan in the inaugural Colonial National Invitation. He led the 1948 Masters Tournament after 36 holes but would finish in a tied for eighth place.

</doc>
<doc id="31012262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012262" title="Tingzikou Dam">
Tingzikou Dam

The Tingzikou Dam is a gravity dam on the Jialing River downstream of Guangyuan in Cangxi County, Sichuan province, China. The purposes of the dam is flood control, irrigation, hydroelectric power production and navigation. The dam will support a 1,100 MW power station and a 500 ton ship lift. The project was approved in October 2009 and after being shelved for 50 years. Construction began soon thereafter and the river was closed-off in January 2010. The dam began to impound its reservoir in May 2013 and the first generator went online in August. On 20 March 2014 the third generator was commissioned and the fourth is expected later in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="31012284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012284" title="Baby, Come Back (album)">
Baby, Come Back (album)

Baby, Come Back is an album by British Invasion group The Equals. It was released in 1968 by their UK label, President Records. In the U.S., RCA Victor obtained the rights to manufacture and distribute the album in all of the Americas.
Because it was 'built' around the group's biggest hit (the UK chart-topping single "Baby, Come Back"), this was the group's most commercially successful album, while capturing the group at the peak of their powers, showing off their versatility in playing different styles of music.
Personnel.
Despite the fact that the album is a showcase example of British Invasion-era Beat music, it has never been available on CD. The only other known alternate configuration for the album was as an 8-track tape cartridge - RCA catalog number P8S 1388.
Cover versions of songs.
"Baby, Come Back" was successfully covered by Pato Banton.
"Police on My Back" was covered by The Clash on the Sandinista! album.
References.
All song and personnel information gathered from the liner notes of the album "Baby, Come Back" (Copyright © 1968)

</doc>
<doc id="31012286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012286" title="Ken Cooper (American football)">
Ken Cooper (American football)

Ken Cooper (born c. 1937) is a former American football player and coach. He served as the head football coach at the University of Mississippi from 1974 to 1977, compiling a record of 21–23. Cooper was named the SEC Coach of the Year in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="31012287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012287" title="2011 Victorian Premier League">
2011 Victorian Premier League

The 2011 Victorian Premier League (known as the Alanic Premier League for sponsorship reasons) was the ninety-ninth season of the Victorian Premier League since the first season in 1909 (1916-18 not played because of World War I). The home and away season began 15 February 2011 and concluded 7 August 2011. Green Gully were the defending champions.
The concept of a youth development squad was reintroduced in 2010 with the National Training Centre team playing in midweek fixtures throughout the season but not for competition points. In 2011 the team, mostly comprising players from the Melbourne Victory youth squad, was renamed Victorian Training Centre Football and was eligible to score competition points for its matches but ineligible to qualify for the finals series or be relegated.
Green Gully won the double, winning both the premiership and the Grand Final, defeating Oakleigh Cannons. Green Gully surpassed South Melbourne FC and Brunswick Juventus as the club with the most Victorian championships with nine in total.
Promotion and relegation.
Teams promoted from Victorian State League Division 1:
<br>(After the end of the 2010 season.)
Teams relegated to Victorian State League Division 1:
<br>(After the end of the 2010 season.)
Regular season.
The Victorian Premier League 2011 season was played over 22 rounds, concluding on the 7th of August 2011, followed by the final series.

</doc>
<doc id="31012288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012288" title="Allied Council for Commerce and Logistics">
Allied Council for Commerce and Logistics

The Allied Council for Commerce and Logistics (ACCL) is a philanthropic, Non-Profit NGO functioning in the field of shipping and logistics. ACCL was registered in 2010 under the Societies Registration Act, Government of India.
History.
The reason behind the formation of ACCL was the dispute between Government of India and the Supreme Court of India regarding the distribution of food grains which was getting damaged due to bad logistics. ACCL was formed with a view to bring private shipping & logistics companies and logisticians to input their views and ideas to improve the plight of Humanitarian Logistics, Agricultural Logistics, Commercial Logistics and Logistics Education in developing countries.
Area of Operations.
Agricultural Logistics.
High delivery costs and rising prices caused primarily by a fragmented supply chain, bad logistics, together with poor standards are hurting Developing Countries agriculture exports much more than trade barriers, according to a World Bank report. Despite producing 11 per cent of the world's vegetables and 15 per cent of fruits at very competitive costs of about 53 per cent and 63 per cent of average global prices, India's share in global fruits and vegetables trade has remained at only 1.7 per cent and 0.5 per cent, respectively, the report points out. The council works on the grass root level to train and educate the farmers from rural areas regarding the importance of switching to organized logistics. Traditionally the farmers have been concentrating only on the production aspect of agriculture but the subsequent and most important part of processing, storing and distribution has been largely ignored. This has cost the farmers to receive less price for their products, exploited mainly by the middle men. ACCL helps the farmers to develop and implement cost effective micro level logistics solution at grass root level.
Humanitarian Logistics.
The devastating Indian Ocean tsunami in 2004 prompted an unprecedented response from the humanitarian sector. International relief organizations, including the UN, the Red Cross and NGO's, sprang into action, often in collaboration with new or existing partners. Within affected countries, national governments, the armed forces, corporations, social groups and citizens all responded. The resources raised for the humanitarian effort were also unprecedented.
The tsunami experience demonstrated once again that a lack of back-room capacity results in front-line failures. This was particularly true for the supply chain (the process of assessing, mobilizing, transporting, tracking, warehousing and distributing supplies and relief items). Surveys performed by international organizations found that there was a severe shortage of logisticians in the field. The 2009 flood in North India also exposed our unpreparedness to meet such circumstances. ACCL is conducting various grass root level programs among the rural communities, NGO etc. to train and educate them regarding the importance to humanitarian logistics and the need for the readiness to face the challenges during such operations.
Commercial Logistics.
Logistics operations in developing countries are still in infant stage. Lack of infrastructure, business processing systems knowledge among small to medium logistics companies have resulted in higher cost and poor performances. Allied Council for Commerce and Logistics provides small to medium scale logistics companies with the following main services.
Logistics Education.
Allied Council for Commerce and Logistics conducts various courses with the help of private partnerships. ACCL provides scholarships to under privileged students seeking a career in shipping and logistics. Logistics education have been traditionally considered to be expensive and out of the reach for a majority of students from developing nations. The fund required for providing scholarships to students comes mainly in the form of Government funds and private contributions.
Logistics Courses.
The council conducts various courses by partnering with private institutes. Few of them are stated below.
Scholarships.
Scholarships are provided to students from Scheduled Cast, Scheduled Tribes, Other Eligible Cast based on their financial status.
References

</doc>
<doc id="31012289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012289" title="Persim Maros">
Persim Maros

Persim stands for Persatuan Sepakbola Indonesia Maros (en: "Football Association of Indonesia Maros"). Persim Maros is an Indonesian football club based in Maros, South Sulawesi. Club played in Liga Indonesia First Division. 
Persim stadium named Depok Jaya Stadium and Kassi Kebo Stadium. Bots location was in downtown Maros, South Sulawesi.

</doc>
<doc id="31012292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012292" title="Beşiktaş JK (wheelchair basketball)">
Beşiktaş JK (wheelchair basketball)

Beşiktaş Wheelchair Basketball Team is the professional wheelchair basketball team of Beşiktaş J.K., which is a Turkish sports club from İstanbul. The club plays their home matches at Süleyman Seba Sport Complex.

</doc>
<doc id="31012295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012295" title="Ascension (Pep Love album)">
Ascension (Pep Love album)

Ascension is the debut album produced by hip-hop artist Pep Love, released July 24, 2001 under Hieroglyphics's independent label, "Hieroglyphics Imperium".

</doc>
<doc id="31012299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012299" title="Mappila riots">
Mappila riots

Mappila Riots or Mappila Outbreaks refers to a series of riots by the Mappila (Moplah) Muslims of Malabar, South India in the 19th century and the early 20th century (c.1836–1921) against native Hindus and the state. The Malabar Rebellion of 1921 is often considered as the culmination of Mappila riots. Mappilas committed several atrocities against the Hindus during the outbreak. Annie Besant reported that Muslim Mappilas forcibly converted many Hindus and killed or drove away all Hindus who would not apostatise, totalling to one lakh (100,000)
Background.
During the Mysorean interlude (1788–1792), the Malabar government reached settlements with the "kanakkars" in the absence of the "Jenmi" who had fled persecution to take refuge in the southern state of Travancore. A new system of land revenue was then introduced for the first time in the history of the region and the government share was fixed on the basis of the actual produce from the land.
Historically, the agricultural system in the Malabar was based on a system of hierarchy of privileges, rights and obligations for all the principal social groups in the society. William Logan, the British administrator sometimes referred to as the "Father of Tenancy Legislation" in the Malabar, describes this as a system of 'corporate unity’ or joint proprietorship of each of the principal land right holders:
The net produce of the land was the share left over after providing for the "Cherujanmakkar" or all the other birthright holders such as the village carpenter, the goldsmith and the agricultural labourers who helped to gather, prepare and store the produce. The system ensured that no "Jenmi" could evict the tenants under him except for reasons of non-payment of rent. This land tenure system was generally referred to as the "janmi-kana-maryada" (customary practices).
Riot inciters.
The Mappila riots at Chembrasseri and Mancheri in 1896 were organised and led by Moideen Kutti Musaliyar, Kappa Kannan Mootha, Pottemmal Unni Mammad and Alingal Aidru. The main leader of this uprising was Moideen Kutti Musaliyar, whose personal grievance against the "adhikari" of Thoovoor was the cause of the unrest. Over 92 Mappilas were killed during the uprising.
Timeline.
According to T. L. Strange, the Muslims of Malabar were continuously attempting to incite violence by murdering and attacking Hindus in the region for over a century, the first reported incident being at Panthalur.

</doc>
<doc id="31012313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012313" title="Chinese protests">
Chinese protests

Chinese protests may refer to the following protests:

</doc>
<doc id="31012324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012324" title="Arthur S. Barrows">
Arthur S. Barrows

Arthur Stanhope Barrows (1884–1963) was the president of Sears from 1942 to 1946, and the first United States Under Secretary of the Air Force, holding that office from 1947 to 1950.
Biography.
Arthur S. Barrows was born in Lawrence, Massachusetts on August 22, 1884, the son of John Henry Barrows and Sarah Eleanor Mole. A protégé of Robert E. Wood, he was president of Sears from 1942 to 1946. On September 25, 1947, President of the United States Harry Truman nominated Barrows to be the first United States Under Secretary of the Air Force. He subsequently held this office from September 26, 1947 until April 21, 1950. He died on September 20, 1963, at the age of 79.

</doc>
<doc id="31012339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012339" title="List of Presidents of the Landtag of Saarland">
List of Presidents of the Landtag of Saarland

Presidents of the Landtag of Saarland
Presidents of the Landesrat des Saargebiets.
The presidents of the Landesrat (Regional Council) were not elected by the Regional Council of the Saar Territory, but deliberately determined by the Governing Commission, which again was appointed by the League of Nations. The first president appointed was not even elected as a representative of the Regional Council.

</doc>
<doc id="31012355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012355" title="General Microelectronics">
General Microelectronics

General Microelectronics (GMe) was an American semiconductor company in the 1960s. 
With Frank Wanlass as director of research and engineering, GMe was the first company to design, fabricate, and sell MOS integrated circuits, small-scale integrated chips for NASA satellites. GMe was a 1964 startup that was sold in 1966 to Philco-Ford.

</doc>
<doc id="31012359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012359" title="Perserang Serang (Indonesia football club)">
Perserang Serang (Indonesia football club)

Perserang stands for Persatuan Sepakbola Serang (en: "Football Association of Serang"). Perserang Serang is an Indonesian football club based in Penancangan, Serang, Banten. Club played in Liga Indonesia First Division. 
Perserang stadium named Maulana Yusuf Stadium and Kassi Kebo Stadium. Bots location was in downtown Serang, Banten.

</doc>
<doc id="31012362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012362" title="Japanese Sign Language family">
Japanese Sign Language family

The Japanese Sign Language (JSL) family is a language family of three sign languages: Japanese Sign Language (JSL), Korean Sign Language (KSL), and Taiwanese Sign Language (TSL). 
There is little difficulty in communication between the three languages.
History.
The first Japanese school for the deaf was established in Kyoto in 1878. 
JSL spread with the Japanese colonial administration into Korea and Taiwan. According to "Ethnologue", sign language had been used in Korea since 1889, predating the Japanese occupation, with use in schools since 1908. TSL dates from 1895, during the colonial period, when two schools for the deaf were established on north and south of the island. TSL shares 60% of its vocabulary with JSL.
Functional markers.
JSL family languages are characterized by grammatical structures and features which are not found in the oral languages of the surrounding community. Although Japanese, Korean, and Mandarin are unrelated, those using JSL, KSL and TSL can interact easily because of the commonalities all share, such as functional markers . For example, a feature unique to these three languages is the lexical encoding of gender. Some signs when made with the thumb indicate a male, while the corresponding signs made with the little finger indicate a female.
As in other sign languages, they incorporate non-manual markers with lexical, syntactic, discourse, and affective functions. These include brow raising and furrowing, frowning, head shaking and nodding, and leaning and shifting the torso.

</doc>
<doc id="31012367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012367" title="Felipe Suau">
Felipe Suau

Felipe Suau (born 1991) is a Chilean electronic music producer and DJ. He is well known for his work in the electronic, house and avantpop genres. His debut single, Bubble Thing, was released in 2011 via Cuantech Records (independent label). His second work Gummy Bear Dance was released on 23 Jan 2012 (free internet license) for free download. A Daft Punk remix titled Harder Better Faster Stronger (Felipe Suau's breakboted Remix) was released in January 2011 as a free download on Grooveshark.
In 2012 he founded PUNCHI PUNCHI, one of the most relevant projects in the Latin America independent scene. He has already played in the best clubs in Santiago and shared booth with artists such as Art Department (Crosstown Rebels), Simian Mobile Disco (Kitsuné), Vicarious Bliss (Ed Banger Records), Cut Copy (Modular), Warpaint (Rough trade), among others.

</doc>
<doc id="31012383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012383" title="University Preparatory Secondary School">
University Preparatory Secondary School

University Preparatory Secondary School (UPSS) is a private Secondary School situated in Benin City, Nigeria. The school was founded by Professor Andrew Urevbu in 1987. University Preparatory Secondary School is regarded by many as currently being the best Secondary School in Benin City. The highly selective school has graduated the best students into top universities in Nigeria and beyond over the years. UPSS has received numerous academic, social, and sports awards.

</doc>
<doc id="31012420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012420" title="Ascension Side C">
Ascension Side C

Ascension Side C is the second album produced by hip-hop artist Pep Love, released December 10, 2003, under Hieroglyphics's independent label, "Hieroglyphics Imperium".

</doc>
<doc id="31012430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012430" title="James Robison">
James Robison

James Robison may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31012461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012461" title="Swedish Sign Language family">
Swedish Sign Language family

The Swedish Sign Language family is a language family of sign languages, including Swedish Sign Language, Portuguese Sign Language, and Finnish Sign Language. 
Swedish SL started about 1800. Wittmann (1991) state that Swedish SL has no known predecessor. Regardless, Swedish SL in turn gave rise to Portuguese Sign Language (1823) and Finnish Sign Language (1850s), the latter with local admixture; Finnish and Swedish Sign are mutually unintelligible. 
"Ethnologue" reports that Danish Sign Language is largely mutually intelligible with Swedish Sign, though Wittmann places DSL in the French Sign Language family.

</doc>
<doc id="31012479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012479" title="I Am Giant">
I Am Giant

I Am Giant is a rock band from New Zealand, currently based out of London. They formed late in 2008 and released their debut album "The Horrifying Truth" on 1 August 2011 in Australia and New Zealand, where it has been certified Gold and delivered four Rock Chart No. 1's. The album was released in Asia on 23 March 2012, and in Europe and US on 8 October 2012.
The band consists of New Zealanders Shelton Woolright, Paul Matthews, Andrew Kerr and Brit Ed Martin. Drummer Shelton Woolright is formerly from critically acclaimed triple platinum selling band Blindspott (EMI), the only rock band in New Zealand music history to have both their debut and follow up albums enter the charts at number 1. Bassist Paul Matthews credits include double platinum selling band Tadpole (EMI/Antenna), and more recently Stylus. Matthews is also a producer/engineer and has worked on several gold and platinum selling albums, and top 10 singles. Together with Woolright they co-produced Six60's Single Rise Up 2.0 which has now gone 2 x platinum. Ed Martin was the singer in UK band Volume and has worked as a vocalist with the likes of The Artful Dodger, Bruno Ellingham (engineer for KT Tunstall, Elbow and New Order) and Mark Hill.
The band have had tracks featured on many extreme sports DVD’s including Quiksilver Euroforce Surfing Videos, Mormail Brazilian surfing label's DVD through South America and America, White Lines magazine in Europe, and 2009 film "Cloud 9" (the Kelly Slater story). The band is sponsored by Gibson Guitars.
History.
Formation and "City Limits / Neon Sunrise" EP (2008–2010).
After the band Blindspott played their final concert in 2007, Shelton Woolright and fellow Kiwi Paul Matthews moved to London to look at starting a band in the UK. Matthews and Woolright auditioned over 150 singers and 120 guitarists before coming across Ed Martin and Max O'Donnell. Aja Timu who had previously played with both Matthews (Stylus) and Woolright (Blindspott) replaced Max O'Donnell on Guitars in 2010.
In 2010 the band became the Quiksilver Ambassadors for Europe which lead to a number of festivals and events including Brixton's Skate and BMX Jam, Quiksilver's 'Chromataphobia' and the Quiksilver Pro Tour in Biarritz, France. In March the band sold out its first tour in New Zealand. In May I Am Giant performed at two Tiger Translate parties in Vietnam before returning for gigs in France, London, and Liverpool (Sound City showcase). They then toured New Zealand, Australia and America through June, July and August, before returning to the UK to play at the British Surf Champs and an encore performance at the Quiksilver Pro Tour in Biarritz, France.
In May the band recorded an acoustic cover of Slipknot's single Duality for New Zealand's The Rock Radio's Night show segment 'Like a Version'. The song was later released as a free download from the band's website in September 2012, due to numerous requests and hugely popular YouTube video.
The "City Limits / Neon Sunrise" EP was released on 26 March 2010 and immediately saw success in the New Zealand Charts due to high rotation on the New Zealand radio stations. The EP received Gold certification.
"The Horrifying Truth" (2011–2012).
Following the 2010 successes, the band spent most of the early months of 2011 in Australia, working on their debut album.
Between January and April 2011 "The Horrifying Truth" was recorded with acclaimed Australian alternative rock producer/engineer Forrester Savell. The album was recorded between Sony Studios in Sydney, and Forrester's studio at Sing Sing Studios in Melbourne, and was co-produced by Matthews and Woolright. During this period, I Am Giant also supported Slash and Stone Temple Pilots during the Big Night Out concert in Singapore.
"The Horrifying Truth" was released on 1 August 2011. Three days later, the band started a nationwide tour in New Zealand, called 'The Horrifying Truth Tour', which was followed by concerts with Dead Letter Circus in Australia.
At the beginning of 2012 Andrew Kerr replaced Aja Timu on guitars. I Am Giant started 2012 with another tour of New Zealand and Australia. They played at the final New Zealand Big Day Out, where they also shot part of the music video for "Purple Heart", with fans holding up frames from the video, which had been shot a week earlier. The video featuring event sponsor's Speight's Summit Beer was debuted during the band's set later that day.
That year, the band was kept busy with tours of Asia, including Manila, Bangkok, Singapore and Kuala Lumpur. They were supporting Slash's tour in Australia, and a UK tour in support of the October 2012 UK release of "The Horrifying Truth". During this tour the band released a German version of the "I Am Giant" EP, which included their cover of Slipknot's song "Duality" and a new track "Blood Money". I Am Giant also began working on tracks for their second album.
In late December 2012 the band returned to New Zealand for a summer tour opening for New Zealand Rock Legends Shihad.
The band debuted the live version of "Blood Money", which was shortly after made available on iTunes.
"Science & Survival" (2013–present).
2013 started with the completion of the Shihad tour as well as a small tour of Australia. I Am Giant also headlined a free concert held by the Auckland Council as part of the council's Music In Parks summer events. I Am Giant were again in the line-up for Homegrown's Rock Stage, where it was announced that the band would be heading to France in May to record the new album.
In June the band started the recording of their unnamed second album at the Drop In Music Studio in Saint-Jean-de-Luz, France. Andrew Kerr did not travel for the recording, so Michael Triponel and bassist Paul Matthews filled in on guitars. As with "The Horrifying Truth", Forrester Savell is producing the album.
Two singles were released ahead of the album release, "Razor Wire Reality" and "Death of You". The album, "Science & Survival", is scheduled to be released on July 4, 2014.
Discography.
Singles.
I Am Giants' first single "City Limits" has been a hit on rock radio in New Zealand, having been on an A Rotate for nearly 5 months and, at number 10, was the only new entry in the Rock’s Top 20 Best Kiwi Songs of All Time. A music video for the song was released onto band's YouTube VEVO channel on 15 June 2011.
Their second single "Neon Sunrise" debuted in the Top 20 singles chart in NZ. The video features 11 times World Champion, USA surfer Kelly Slater. "Neon Sunrise" was featured prominently as the opening track for Derder Paintball 2010 video production "Dementia".

</doc>
<doc id="31012494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012494" title="Kosaku Masuda">
Kosaku Masuda


</doc>
<doc id="31012515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012515" title="Cloud Stairs">
Cloud Stairs

Cloud Stairs () is a 2006 South Korean television series starring Shin Dong-wook, Han Ji-hye, Im Jung-eun and Kim Jung-hyun. It aired on KBS2 from September 18 to November 7, 2006 on Mondays and Tuesdays at 21:55 for 16 episodes. 
Plot.
Jong-soo has no other choice but to give up going to medical school due to financial difficulties. He leaves for a remote island without telling anyone his whereabouts. On the island, he meets a doctor who teaches him medical techniques, and begins to treat patients without a license. One day Jong-soo rescues Jung-won, a dying woman by mere chance and is mistaken for a talented doctor. But things get messed up as he continues to meet with Jung-won, as one misunderstanding spawns another. He ends up falling in love with her, and gradually finds himself addicted to love. To protect his feelings, Jong-soo keeps lying about his educational background and tries to escape from his past. But when he reaches the pinnacle of his "success," he realizes that everything he has done so far was in vain. His love turns into poison and ruins his life.

</doc>
<doc id="31012538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012538" title="German Sign Language family">
German Sign Language family

The German Sign Language family is a small language family of sign languages, including German Sign Language, Polish Sign Language and probably Israeli Sign Language. The latter also had influence from Austrian Sign Language, which is unrelated, and the parentage is not entirely clear.

</doc>
<doc id="31012543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012543" title="Bhavnath">
Bhavnath

Bhavnath is a small village in the Junagadh district of Gujarat, India. It sits near the Girnar mountain range. Bhavnath is a village related to many religion like Hindu, Jain, etc.
History.
The Bhavnath Mahadev temple is a shrine ensconced in myths and legends of the Puranic era. The Shiva linga here is said to have emerged of its own divine intention. Reportedly, when Shiva and Parvati were traveling over the Girnar Hills their divine garment fell over the present Mrigi Kund, making this place an auspicious site for lord Shiva worshippers. Even today, the naga bavas are known to bathe in the holy Mrigi Kund before joining the Mahashivaratri procession. The fair itself is so ancient that its precise origins are unknown.
The Bhavnath Mahadev Temple is located in the village. Other attractions include Damodar Kund, Mrugi Kund, Sudarshan Talav.
There are two main annual festivals: Maha Shivaratri and Girnar Lili Parikrama.

</doc>
<doc id="31012554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012554" title="Software fault tolerance">
Software fault tolerance

Software fault tolerance is the ability of computer software to continue its normal operation despite the presence of system or hardware faults.
Introduction.
The only thing constant is change. This is certainly more true of software systems than almost any phenomenon, not all software change in the same way so software fault tolerance methods are designed to overcome execution errors by modifying variable values to create an acceptable program state. The need to control software fault is one of the most rising challenges facing software industries today. It is obvious that fault tolerance must be a key consideration in the early stage of software development.
There exist different mechanisms for software fault tolerance, among which:

</doc>
<doc id="31012555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012555" title="Hankyū Densha">
Hankyū Densha

The stage for the story is the commuter railway Hankyū Imazu Line in Hyōgo Prefecture, Japan.
Film Festival.
This film was featured in the 3rd Okinawa International Movie Festival in the "Peace" category.

</doc>
<doc id="31012560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012560" title="Lubomirskia baicalensis">
Lubomirskia baicalensis

Lubomirskia baicalensis is a freshwater demosponge that is found only in Lake Baikal. It is commonly called Lake Baikal sponge. The sponge is in mutual symbiosis with a green dinoflagellate, making it green in appearance. Okadaic acid produced by the dinoflagellate assists the sponge to survive when Lake Baikal is iced over in winter, and the water temperature is close to 0° Celsius. 
"L. baicalensis" can grow to a large size, however it takes 1 year for it to grow one centimeter taller.

</doc>
<doc id="31012577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012577" title="Terry Liskevych">
Terry Liskevych

Taras “Terry” Liskevych (Lis-KEHV-ich) (born October 14, 1948, in Munich, Germany) served as the United States women's national volleyball team head coach from 1985 to 1996. During his tenure Liskevych posted over 300 international victories.
The highlights of these victories were:
Leading up to his National Team career, Liskevych coached men's volleyball at The Ohio State University (1974–1976), where he twice took the team to the NCAA tournament Final Four in 1975 and 1976 and posted a two-year record of 45–7 (.865 winning percentage). In the fall of 1976 he switched to the women's collegiate game and began his coaching career at the University of the Pacific in Stockton, California. He was there for nine seasons (1976–1985) and accumulated a record of 267–85 (.759) as University of the Pacific finished top five in the nation six of his nine years. While at Pacific (UOP), Liskevych was a tenured professor in the Physical Education and Recreation Department (1976–1981), was an assistant athletic director, supervising the women's programs and overseeing athletic marketing – 1982–1984.
After his National Team career Liskevych worked in the business world as the president of Paragon Marketing (1997–2000), co-founder, vice president and president of ARK Digital Technologies (1998–2003), then as the co-founder and president of Total Sports Inc. (2003–2005). In 2005 he made his return to coaching volleyball and is now the head women's volleyball coach at Oregon State University in Corvallis, Oregon.
Early years.
Liskevych was born in a displaced person’s camp in Munich, Germany, to a family of refugees from the Ukraine who fled to Germany during the Soviet invasion of Western Ukraine in 1944. In 1951, when Taras was three, the family immigrated to the United States and settled in Chicago, Illinois. Growing up, Liskevych led a life fairly typical of a post-World War II Eastern European immigrant child – attending a local grammar school St. Nicholas and going to Ukrainian language school on Saturdays. He was a member of the Ukrainian scouting organization “Plast”, where he became an eagle scout. His sports activities were centered in the Diaspora playing table tennis, tennis, soccer and volleyball. Liskevych attended St. Ignatius High School, where he played on the varsity tennis team and at the same time played soccer for the Chicago Lions. He continued to play soccer at Loyola University (1965–66) and also played in the Chicago Major Division for the Lions Soccer Club.
It was in Plast that Liskevych began to play volleyball at the rather late age of 17. He honed his skills playing and coaching the Chicago Ukrainians Team (1966–1971). His skills developed rapidly, and within a few years he was playing for the Kenneth Allen Club of Chicago, one of the top club teams in the United States, coached by the 1968 Men's Olympic Coach, James E. (Jim) Coleman.
In Chicago, Liskevych pursued his undergraduate degree at Loyola University as a pre-medical student and graduated in 1970 with a Bachelor of Science in Biology. He attended Loyola Stritch School of Medicine in Maywood, Illinois for one year (1970–71) and dropped out in the summer of 1971 to pursue a career in volleyball. In 1972, he completed a Master’s of Science degree in Physical Education at George Williams College. In 1976, Liskevych completed his Ph.D. at The Ohio State University in Physical Education – with emphases in international sport and sports psychology.
College coaching career.
George Williams College (1972–1973)
While at George Williams College, Liskevych began his college coaching career as an assistant men's volleyball coach under 1968 Olympic coach and U.S. Volleyball Hall of Fame member Jim Coleman. At the same time, he coached the Chicago Volleyball Club, a top women's club team in the United States Volleyball Association. This team produced several USA National Team Players in the early and mid-1970s.
The Ohio State University (1974–1976)
In 1974, he was hired as the head men's volleyball coach at The Ohio State University. He guided the Buckeyes to the co-championships of the Midwest Intercollegiate Volleyball Association (MIVA), and to a third-place finish in both the 1975 and 1976 NCAA National Championships. In both 1975 and 1976, Liskevych was selected as the MIVA Coach of the Year.
Accomplishments at Ohio State:
University of the Pacific (1976–1984)
In the summer of 1976, Liskevych left Ohio State for Stockton, California, where he made the switch to women's collegiate volleyball, becoming the head coach at the University of the Pacific in Stockton, California. At the time of Liskevych’s arrival, UOP’s volleyball program was a Division III one-year-old program that was at an intramural level competitively and had a combined scholarship/operating budget of less than $3,500. In his nine seasons at UOP, Liskevych coached the team to six conference titles, and finished in the top five in the country in Division I (AIAW – 1979–1980 and NCAA – 1981–1984). Liskevych was recognized as the conference coach of the year on five occasions. Off the court during that time Liskevych started the first national Top Ten and Top Twenty Poll, created and developed the premier women's collegiate four team volleyball tournament the Wendy’s Classic (1979–1984) and co-founded the Collegiate Volleyball Coaches Association (CVCA) in 1981 which is now the American Volleyball Coaches Association (AVCA) and as of 2009 had over 5,000 members. 
Accomplishments at University of the Pacific:
International coaching career – USA Volleyball Team (1984–1996).
Taras Liskevych began his international career in 1975, as the USA Women's assistant coach under Arie Selinger. He was also the assistant at the 1975 Pan American Games in Mexico City. It wasn’t until 10 years later that he was appointed the head coach of the U.S. Women's Volleyball Team in 1985.
In the summer of 1984, Liskevych worked as a volunteer at the Los Angeles Olympic Games. He was an information coordinator of the volleyball venue at Long Beach Arena. It was at this time where he witnessed the USA Men win the Gold Medal and the USA Women win the Silver that he decided to pursue the USA Women's Volleyball head coaching position for the National and Olympic teams.
After the 1984 Olympics, at which the U.S. team won the silver medal, the coaching staff and all the players left, leaving Liskevych with nothing: no video tapes, no scouting reports, and no national junior team from which players could be drawn.
In 1985, despite the difficult starting point, Liskevych put together a winning first season with a 25–20 record. A year later the team started making steps toward becoming a world contender by winning the Canada Cup and placing third at the Goodwill Games. Then in 1987 the team Won the bronze medal at the Pan-American Games and placed second at the NORCECA Zone Championships which qualified the long-shot U.S. team for the 1988 Seoul Olympic Games. At the games the U.S. placed seventh, barely losing to Peru in the last match of pool play (Peru went on to win the silver medal). By 1990 Liskevych had established the American team as a dominant force in international women's volleyball with a third-place finish at the World Championship. In 1991 the US qualified for the Barcelona Summer Olympics by placing fourth at the World Cup in Japan. Liskevych gained personal recognition that year when he was asked to coach the World All-Stars in a two-match series against the defending World Champion USSR at the World Gala. Liskevych's squad won both matches in Rome and Barcelona.
At the 1992 Barcelona Olympics, Liskevych guided the USA Team to a bronze medal. After losing a hard fought match to Cuba (2–3), the next day, the women played magnificently in defeating Brazil 3–0 for the bronze medal. This finish motivated Liskevych along with the rest of his team to give it one more run for Olympic Gold in a home Olympics – the 1996 Centennial Olympic Games in Atlanta. In the 1995 season, the USA Women were well on their way to achieve this goal. They won 78 percent of their matches, capturing the Canada Cup and the Coca-Cola Cup, and won the $2 million World Grand Prix (a grueling six-week event in Asia) where they defeated Cuba, China and Brazil in the finals in Shanghai. However, the team finished a disappointing 7th at the Summer Olympic Games in Atlanta, losing in the quarterfinals to the eventual gold medalist Cuba (0–3). He left the USA program in December 1996. Liskevych served on several Federation of International Volleyball (FIVB) committees – 1998–2001 – and spent time as a consultant for the Australian national teams from 1995 to 2004.
Oregon State University.
After coaching the USA National Team for twelve years, Liskevych decided to enter the business world – 1997–2004. Before the 2005 season he returned to coaching and accepted the head coach position for women's volleyball at Oregon State University in Corvallis, Oregon. Liskevych became the 10th volleyball coach in school history April 4, 2005, replacing Nancy Somera who left OSU after leading the Beavers for the previous six seasons. He took over a team that finished the 2004 season tied for seventh in the Pac–10 Conference with a conference record of 5–13 (12–16 overall).
In 2005, Liskevych's squad showed dramatic improvement, if not with its win-loss record, then certainly with its hustle and determination on the court. In his first season at the helm, Liskevych began the season with a group that included two starters and several role players that were required to step up their games. Through the ups and downs of learning the ins and outs of a new team, a new coaching staff and a new university, the Beavers came together to show improvement in all aspects of the game, allowing Liskevych to evaluate the entire program, to determine his needs for the future, both on the court and off.
The 2006 season didn't meet expectations in the win column, but, with his first recruiting class arriving on campus, Liskevych did dramatically improve the athleticism and size in the program. Two rookies received Pac-10 All-Freshman Team honors.
The team took strides in 2007 upsetting a pair of highly ranked teams, including sweeping No. 10 Hawai'i on the road, which had never been done by an unranked team, and defeating No. 4 UCLA in Pauley Pavilion. A pair of players earned All-Pac-10 honors and Liskevych returned the majority of the team, looking for even more improvement in 2008 with his youthful squad.
Liskevych coached Oregon State's first ever All-American in Rachel Rourke in 2008, with Rourke adding AVCA All-America Second Team accolades in 2009. And the upsets continued over the next two seasons, boosting the team to its first top-25 ranking since 1996 in 2008, climbing to 24th. In 2009, the Beavers swept No. 6 Michigan in Ann Arbor, snapping a 52-match non-conference winning streak for the Wolverines.
Since his arrival he has posted an overall record of 75–130. His OSU Beavers have competed well in non-conference matches, but have struggled in the Pac-12 Conference – who many consider the top women's volleyball league in the nation. The Oregon State program under his seven-year guidance has never posted a winning record in the Pac-12 Conference He has struggled to attract top recruits to Corvallis that can challenge the top-tier Pac-12 powerhouses.
Public appearances/public speaking.
Liskevych has spoken and presented at hundreds of clinics, seminars, conferences, conventions, sales & business meetings, retreats, etc. Some of his topics:
Head coaching record.
National Team record
International coaching record totals
College record
College record totals

</doc>
<doc id="31012580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012580" title="Hirotoshi Yokoyama">
Hirotoshi Yokoyama

Hirotoshi Yokoyama (横山 博敏, born May 9, 1975) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31012587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012587" title="Quebec municipal elections, 1970">
Quebec municipal elections, 1970

Several municipalities in the Canadian province of Quebec held municipal elections to elect mayors and councillors on October 25, 1970.
The most closely watched contest was in Montreal, where the election took place against the backdrop of the FLQ Crisis. Incumbent mayor Jean Drapeau was re-elected by a landslide and his party won every seat on the city council.
Results.
Montreal.
"Source: Election results, 1833-2005 (in French), City of Montreal."

</doc>
<doc id="31012599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012599" title="Montreal municipal election, 1970">
Montreal municipal election, 1970

The 1970 Montreal municipal election took place on October 25, 1970, to elected a mayor and city councillors in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. The election was held against the backdrop of the FLQ Crisis.
Mayor Jean Drapeau was re-elected without difficulty, and his party won every seat on city council.

</doc>
<doc id="31012601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012601" title="KZWA">
KZWA

KZWA (104.9 FM, branded as "Vibe 104.9") is a radio station broadcasting a Urban Contemporary format. Licensed to Moss Bluff, Louisiana, USA. The station is currently owned by and licensed to B&C Broadcasting Ltd.
History.
The construction permit that would become KZWA was requested in 1988 (BPH-19880602NO). It was granted on March 22, 1992. The station was licensed to Lake Charles, LA. The permit was transferred to the current ownership on November 23, 1992. The permit was extended a few times, and the facility tweaked. The station filed for a license to cover its construction permit (BLH 19940802KB) in April 1994. This was granted on June 22, 1995. The original facility was a class C2 with 50,000 watts at 150 meters (492'). A Continental Transmitter fed three inch coaxial line into a four bay Shiveley antenna. The station had a directional antenna located on a tower miles south of Lake Charles. The station was listenable in Lake Charles, LA as well as in the eastern portions of the Beaumont-Orange-Port Arthur area as "Live Vibe 105".
In 1999 the licensee of a Houston, Texas, area station conceived of a plan to upgrade their station. It required moving several stations (including KZWA) to new frequencies and locations. An agreement was made with the owner of KZWA to file for and relocate to a new site near Ragley, LA. The changed facility was on 104.9 MHz, licensed to Moss Bluff, Louisiana, (the FCC had a policy of encouraging changes that led to creation of "first local service" signals) with power of 25,000 watts at 100 meters (328'). As part of the agreement the benefiting party (Tichenor License Corporation in Houston) paid for the new site, site preparation, power line access, a building, tower, lines and antennas and new microwave equipment to link the studio feed to the tower site. Once the new site was on air, pieces of equipment from the old site (transmitter, line, antenna, STL dish, STL receiver, and more) were moved to the Ragley site so that KZWA had two of most all equipment.

</doc>
<doc id="31012606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012606" title="Karen Lee Field">
Karen Lee Field

Karen Lee Field (born in 1961 in London, England) is an author of fantasy novels for younger readers, 9 to 12-year olds, as well as adults. She also writes short fiction.
Born in the UK, Field moved to Australia with her parents in 1969 and settled in Sydney. In 2009 she moved to the Blue Mountains in New South Wales. She works part time for the Australian Government, which pays the bills and allows her more time to pursue her writing career. In 2010 she founded her own business, Kayelle Press.
Bibliography.
Short stories.
Forthcoming.
None at present

</doc>
<doc id="31012612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012612" title="Nobuhiro Sadatomi">
Nobuhiro Sadatomi

Nobuhiro Sadatomi (貞富 信宏, born 5 July 1979) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31012628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012628" title="ISIRI 13137">
ISIRI 13137

ISIRI 13137 is a standard published by the Institute of Standards and Industrial Research of Iran (ISIRI) in 2011 based on Directive 87/402/EEC. It defines "Roll over protection structures mounted in front of the driver's seat on narrowtrack wheeled agricultural and forestry tractors".
Related sources.
Other related sources are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="31012633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012633" title="KXZZ">
KXZZ

KXZZ (1580 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a sports talk format. Licensed to Lake Charles, Louisiana, USA, the station serves the Lake Charles area. The station is currently owned by Cumulus Media

</doc>
<doc id="31012637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012637" title="1958 Central African Airways plane crash">
1958 Central African Airways plane crash

The 1958 Central African Airways plane crash occurred when a Vickers Viscount airliner crashed during a scheduled passenger flight from Wadi Halfa, Sudan, to Benghazi, Libya, on 9 August 1958 about nine kilometers southeast of Benina International Airport in Libya.
A total of forty-seven passengers and seven crew members were on board of whom only eighteen survived, making it the deadliest ever plane crash in Libya at the time of the accident.
Cause of the crash.
According to an International Civil Aviation Organization accident digest, the plane crashed when making an approach to runway 33 Right and, while flying in clouds the pilot descended below the appropriate height, causing the aircraft to crash into high ground. While the reason for the quick descent remains unknown, it is believed the pilot may have misinterpreted the reading of his altimeter as a result of fatigue and possible indisposition.

</doc>
<doc id="31012638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012638" title="Chuprene Municipality">
Chuprene Municipality

Chuprene Municipality () is a frontier municipality ("obshtina") in Vidin Province, Northwestern Bulgaria, located in the vicinity of the western parts of Stara Planina range in the so-called Fore-Balkan area. It is named after its administrative centre - the village of Chuprene. In the southwest, the municipality borders on Republic of Serbia.
The area embraces a territory of 330 km² with a population of 2,285 inhabitants, as of December 2009.
Midzhur peak (2,168 m (7,116 ft)), the highest point of the western Balkan mountains, is located in the municipality almost on the very border with Serbia.
Settlements.
Chuprene Municipality includes the following 9 places all of them villages: 
Demography.
The following table shows the change of the population during the last four decades.

</doc>
<doc id="31012651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012651" title="Spongilla lacustris">
Spongilla lacustris

Spongilla lacustris is a species of sponge of the freshwater sponge family Spongillidae that lives on fresh water lakes. It often grows under logs or rocks. It ranges from North America, Europe and Asia. They have the capability to reproduce asexually and sexually. They become dormant during winter.

</doc>
<doc id="31012654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012654" title="Pancharevo Gorge">
Pancharevo Gorge

Pancharevo Gorge (Pancharevo saddle) is deep and narrow gorge in the upper stream of the Iskar River between the mountains of Vitosha and Plana of southwest and the Lozen mountain of northeast. The gorge forms the boundary between Samokov and Sofia fields, with an average altitude of 700 m. The villages of Pancharevo Kokalyane and Dolni Pasarel also located in the gorge. In the narrowest part of the gorge Iskar River makes a beautiful meander in which right beach is located Urvich medieval fortress, and in the left - Kokalyane monastery. In the gorge are situated Pancharevo Lake and dam of Pasarel.

</doc>
<doc id="31012704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012704" title="Nagar Barap">
Nagar Barap

Nāgar Barap (; "Nāgar Barap" — "Nāgar" नागर 'urban' and "barap" बरप "writing") is an abugida alphabet of India. It was the predecessor of the Devanagari script It is written from left to right, does not have distinct letter cases, and is recognizable (along with most other North Indic scripts, with the Gujarati script being an exception) by a horizontal line that runs along the top of full letters.
Origins.
Nāgar Barap is part of the Brahmic family of scripts of India, Nepal, Tibet, and South-East Asia. It is a descendant of the Gupta script, along with Siddham and Sharada. Eastern variants of Gupta called "Nāgarī" are first attested from the 8th century; from c. 1200 these gradually replaced Siddham, which survived as a vehicle for Tantric Buddhism in East Asia, and Sharada, which remained in parallel use in Kashmir. An early version of Devanagari is visible in the Kutila inscription of Bareilly dated to Vikram Samvat 1049 (i.e. 992 CE), which demonstrates the emergence of the horizontal bar to group letters belonging to a word.

</doc>
<doc id="31012705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012705" title="List of Ambassadors of the Kingdom of England to Russia">
List of Ambassadors of the Kingdom of England to Russia

The Ambassador of the Kingdom of England to Russia was the Kingdom of England's foremost diplomatic representative in Russia, otherwise known as Muscovy, heading the English diplomatic mission.
After the Union of England and Scotland.
In 1707 the Kingdom of England became part of the new Kingdom of Great Britain. For missions from the court of St James's after 1707, see List of ambassadors of Great Britain to Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="31012708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012708" title="Summer Challenge Camp">
Summer Challenge Camp

Summer Challenge Camp is a Pakistani sports Reality Show for children. It was initially aired on Indus Vision in 2009. In this show, 40 children are shortlisted after physical trials and 8 teams of 5 each are formed. These children stay at the event venue for 10 days. These eight teams compete in different sports and finally 1 team wins at the end of day 10. Trials, training and competitions are recorded and aired in 13 episodes.
Sports.
Teams compete in Archery, Bowling, Cricket, Table Tennis and Swimming. Cricket is played on 5a-side format. Other 4 sports are played by individuals rather than whole team. Each victory adds points in the team score. Runner up and 2nd runner up also receive some points.
Training.
Participants are trained in all sports, except bowling, by current and former national champions like Moin Khan, Mohammad Sami and Khalid Latif. Shahid Afridi made an appearance in Season 1. Celebrities from other sports give motivational and dietary speeches. These include, Abuzar Umrao (Hockey Olympian), Anwar Saeed (National Badminton Champion) and Nameer Shamsi (represented Pakistan in Junior Davis Cup in 2010).

</doc>
<doc id="31012715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012715" title="Muriel a oranžová smrt">
Muriel a oranžová smrt

Muriel a oranžová smrt (in English: Muriel and the Orange Death) is a Czech comic album written by Miloš Macourek and drawn by Kája Saudek in 1969/1970. The story was inspired by the Warsaw Pact invasion of Czechoslovakia in 1968. The album is the second and the last part of the planned cycle of adventures of young physician Muriel and her friend, angel Ró. It is considered one of the masterpieces of Czech comics. The 1st edition of the album was published in 2009, forty years after its creation, and sold out in four days.
Background.
Kája Saudek and Miloš Macourek first worked together in the early 1960s, as filmmakers. Inspired by the French "Barbarella" comic-book series, they began work on a cycle of graphic novels that featured a young, beautiful woman and a winged man (an 'angel'). The first installment, "Muriel a andělé" (Muriel and Angels), was announced in 1969, but not published until 1991. While the second installment was being planned, Warsaw Pact forces invaded Czechoslovakia, in August 1968, and occupied the country, ending the Prague Spring liberalization period, and bringing about a restructure of the Czechoslovak communist regime. Faced with official repression and censorship, Czech authors, filmmakers and musicians reacted with a spate of ingeniously subversive new works: Macourek was no exception, and wove his own experience and opinions of Czechoslovakia's occupation into a new installment of Muriel's adventures. In the tightened communist censorship of the period, both installments met with official disapproval. Under the "normalization" of Czech society, comics - and particularly Saudek's - were considered bourgeois propaganda. "Muriel a oranžová smrt" was a flagrant satire against central communist authority.
Plot.
"Muriel a oranžová smrt" follows its characters on from where "Muriel a andělé" left them. The militaristic General Xeron, the main antagonist, has managed to escape justice. Both Muriel and Xeron are captured by a spy from the Orange Planet. Once at the Orange Planet, Muriel is imprisoned, but Xeron, true to character, unhesitatingly joins its autocratic ruling regime, and persuades its leader, the Central Brain, to invade Earth. After a brief, hopeless resistance, Earth is defeated; but Muriel's boyfriend Ró (a visitor from an alien planet of the distant future) contacts his compatriots and allies, and together, they drive the invaders back. Ró journeys to the Orange Planet, destroys its Central Brain, frees Muriel, and liberates the Planet's ordinary inhabitants, who have been unknowingly enslaved all the while.
Symbolism.
The Orange Planet reflects a prevalent Czechoslovak viewpoint on Soviet life during the 1960s: its men are depicted as ugly, malformed orange monsters, who serve a life of comfortable routine in the Planet's enormous army. Its women live a life of drudgery, at the service of heavy labour and heavy industry. The Planet is controlled by a dictator (The Central Brain) who brainwashes its inhabitants into obedience by means of implanted radio antennae. Saudek depicts the women with his characteristic sense of eroticism, usually half-naked and in sexually provocative poses. Czech comics expert Tomáš Prokůpek claims that this is probably the first Czech comic to depict naked female breasts. 
By 1970, it was ready for publication but in the atmosphere of Husakian "normalization", the publication of a comic whose main theme was an invasion of monsters from the Orange Planet invited "political suicide".
Despite the restrictions of "normalisation", Macourek and Saudek continued their collaboration, mingling film and comic-book artistic conventions. Saudek designed the 1970 film production "Čtyři vraždy stačí, drahoušku" ("Four Murders is Enough, Honey": screenplay by Macourek); the film employed graphic elements from a comic book developed in tandem. The influence of "Muriel and the Orange Death" is apparent in Saudek's next work, the comic album "Lips Tullian". Eventually, this too was banned. "Muriel a oranžová smrt" was published only in 2009, two years after Saudek suffered an accident and fell into a coma, and forty years after its creation. It sold out in four days, and is considered one of the masterpieces of Czech comics.
Style.
Saudek employs visual techniques that were unusually inventive for their day, derived from film editing and story-boarding, with heightened and wide-screen perspectives, recurrent motifs and a strong narrative style. Leading characters are based on real-life models: Muriel herself was based on the Czech film star Olga Schoberová (Saudek's former fiancée), and her antagonist, the militant general Ian Xeron, on Saudek's twin brother, the photographer Jan Saudek. A character called Nurse Haney is based on Saudek's wife, Hana. Other minor characters are taken from Western comic-books; Archie Andrews, Jughead Jones, Alfred E. Neuman and Batman inhabit Muriel's world, which is rich with in-jokes, double entendres and hidden meanings, typical of Saudek's work.

</doc>
<doc id="31012716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012716" title="Spongia officinalis">
Spongia officinalis

Spongia officinalis, better known as bath sponge, is a commercially used sponge. It is found throughout the Mediterranean Sea. 
It is a hermaphroditic animal and can reproduce asexually by means of budding or through sexual reproduction. When alive, its color is dark grey; upon drying it becomes either yellow or brown. Young larvae swim freely until they attach themselves to the sea floor or other adequate ground. After that, they start growing slowly, as it may take as much as 40 years to grow the size of a baseball. 
Harvesting has led to a decrease in population.
Distribution.
Mediterranean Sea, Caribbean Sea and West Indies.

</doc>
<doc id="31012757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012757" title="Olga Stringfellow">
Olga Stringfellow

Olga Stringfellow was a New Zealand journalist and author of romantic and historical fiction.
History.
Stringfellow was born in Dunedin as Olga Elizabeth Brown on 1 January 1923. She was educated at the Otago Girls' High School in Dunedin, and the Elam School of Fine Arts.
In 1943 she was married (later divorced) and moved to the United Kingdom in 1949. After a time in journalism, with the "Modern Woman" and "The Sketch", and as a columnist for the Scottish "Daily Express", she became an author. Her published works include the historical novels "Mary Bravender" (1960), set at the time of the New Zealand Wars, and "A Gift for the Sultan" (1962), based on the true account of a Scottish woman captured by pirates, sold into slavery, and eventually becoming a wife of the Sultan of Morocco.
Stringfellow was a recognised touch healer. She counted Middle Eastern princes and New York millionaires amongst her patients.
During the 1970's she lived returned to New Zealand, living on Auckland's North Shore.
In later years Stringfellow lived at Hartley Wintney, near Basingstoke, Hampshire.
Her brother Peter Brown was the leading New Zealand landscape artist.

</doc>
<doc id="31012758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012758" title="Yu Tokisaki">
Yu Tokisaki

Yu Tokisaki (時崎 悠, born June 15, 1979) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31012776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012776" title="Jeremy Bernard">
Jeremy Bernard

Jeremy Bernard (born November 4, 1961) currently serves as the White House Social Secretary. Bernard was appointed to the position by President Barack Obama on February 25, 2011. He is the first male, as well as the first openly gay individual, to serve as White House Social Secretary.
Early life.
Bernard was born to Herschel and Loretta (Utterback) Bernard and raised in San Antonio, Texas, where he attended TMI — The Episcopal School of Texas. His father was a fundraiser for Robert Kennedy and Ted Kennedy. Bernard attended Hunter College in New York City, but did not graduate.
Career.
Bernard is a prominent Democratic fundraiser and gay rights advocate who served for eight years on the Democratic National Committee. He worked in the Obama Administration in Washington as the White House liaison to the National Endowment for the Humanities and later, in Paris, as senior adviser and chief of staff to the U.S. Ambassador to France.

</doc>
<doc id="31012790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012790" title="Noon, Rajasthan">
Noon, Rajasthan

Noon is a village in Jalor district in the Indian state of Rajasthan. The village is surrounded by four rivers and has a population consists of nearly 800 families. A temple dedicated to the Hindu deity, Shiva is located there. Noon is the only village in Jalore with an aeroplane runway.

</doc>
<doc id="31012810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012810" title="Choi Seung-hyun">
Choi Seung-hyun

Seung-hyun Choi, also known as Shawn Choi, is a South Korean Film composer, who has written music for more than 25 feature films. He is the founder of PSALM Music Production.
External links.
http://www.shawnchoimusic.com

</doc>
<doc id="31012830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012830" title="Holy Rosary Parish">
Holy Rosary Parish

Holy Rosary Parish may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31012852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012852" title="Magog municipal election, 2005">
Magog municipal election, 2005

The 2005 Magog municipal election was held on November 6, 2005, to elect a mayor and councillors in the city of Magog, Quebec. Marc Poulin was re-elected to a third term as mayor without opposition.
Results.
"Sources: Patrick Lavery, "Magog mayor gets four more years: Four acclaimed to council, 16 vie for remaining seats," "Sherbrooke Record", 18 October 2005, p. 3; "Meet your new municipal councils," "Sherbrooke Record", 8 November 2005, p. 7."

</doc>
<doc id="31012871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012871" title="Emil (given name)">
Emil (given name)

The name Emil, Emile or Émile is a male given name, deriving from the Latin Aemilius of the "gens Aemilia". The female given name is "Emily".

</doc>
<doc id="31012872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012872" title="Seeds (Hey Rosetta! album)">
Seeds (Hey Rosetta! album)

Seeds is the third studio album by Canadian indie rock band Hey Rosetta!. It was released on February 15, 2011 through Sonic Records and was produced by Tony Doogan.
Lead singer Tim Baker stated in an interview that the album name, as well as the title track, is about "...the idea is that we are seeds, traveling from town to town, blowing around, settling down here and there, trying to make something for people", and that "the songs are seeds ... they’re these little things –- four and five minute things — but they have the ability to grow in your brain and be far more meaningful than just what they are."
Reception.
"Seeds" has received generally favorable reviews. Kate Harper of CHARTattack noted that the album "...succeeds in ways "Lungs" – though a good album – did not ... there's definitely more of a robust feel throughout all of "Seeds"." Richard Trapunski of "Now Magazine" gave a more mixed review: "Aiming for the same puffed-up collective catharsis as Arcade Fire, Tim Baker and co. layer strings, horns, mandolins and anything else they can get their hands on to inflate the songs into anthems."
On June 16, the album was named as a longlisted nominee (one of 40) for the 2011 Polaris Music Prize. On July 6, the album was named as a shortlisted (one of 10) nominee for the 2011 award. 

</doc>
<doc id="31012877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012877" title="Philip Bourne">
Philip Bourne

Philip Eric Bourne (born 1953) is the Associate Vice Chancellor for Innovation and Industrial Alliances and a professor of pharmacology at the Skaggs School of Pharmacy and Pharmaceutical Sciences at the University of California, San Diego (UCSD). He is author of numerous scientific articles and book chapters and editor of the "Structural Bioinformatics" and "Pharmacy Informatics" 
textbooks and he is a strong supporter of open access literature and software. His diverse interests have spanned structural biology, medical informatics, information technology, structural bioinformatics, scholarly communication and pharmaceutical sciences.
Career.
Bourne was trained as a physical chemist in the mid to late 1970s and obtained his PhD in 1979 at the The Flinders University of South Australia. He moved to the University of Sheffield to do postdoctoral research during 1979-1981, followed by a move to Columbia University, New York, in 1981. In 1995 he moved to University of California, San Diego, where he is currently a Professor in the Department of Pharmacology.
He is known for writing the book "Unix for VMS Users" (1990) and for being co-developer of the Combinatorial Extension algorithm for the three-dimensional alignment of protein structures, together with I. Shindyalov (1998). Since 1999 he is co-director of the Protein Data Bank. He was director of the ISCB (2002–2003). He is a fellow of the American Medical Informatics Association since 2002. He is founding Editor in Chief of PLoS Computational Biology (2005-). In 2007 he co-founded SciVee and has been elected Fellow of the AAAS under Pharmaceutical Sciences in 2011 and fellow of the ISCB in 2011. Bourne is an editor of the popular "Ten Simple Rules" series of editorials published in the PLoS Computational Biology journal. He is an advisor to the Hypothes.is project and Associate Director for Data Science at the National Institutes of Health.
Awards.
In 2010 he won Microsoft's Jim Gray e-Science award and in 2009 won the Benjamin Franklin Award (2009).
Personal.
Bourne has been married since 1983 to Roma Chalupa and they have two children: Scott Bourne (1985-) and Melanie Bourne (1997-). Bourne's interest include motorcycles, flying, and hiking.

</doc>
<doc id="31012895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012895" title="Ashley Smith">
Ashley Smith

Ashley Smith may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31012909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012909" title="Paula (given name)">
Paula (given name)

Paula is a common female given name (from Latin "Paulus", petite). Notable people with this name include:

</doc>
<doc id="31012911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012911" title="U1 (Frankfurt U-Bahn)">
U1 (Frankfurt U-Bahn)

The U1 is a line on the Frankfurt U-Bahn. At the time of the line's inauguration in 1968, it ran from the south railway station to the Hauptwache and then continued along the Eschersheimer Landstrasse all the way up to Heddernheim and then continued to their terminus in Ginnheim.

</doc>
<doc id="31012916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012916" title="Morton Margolin Prize for Distinguished Business Reporting">
Morton Margolin Prize for Distinguished Business Reporting

The Morton Margolin Prize for Distinguished Business Reporting is an award for reporting in business journalism published in a Colorado newspaper or magazine. It is awarded by the University of Denver Daniels College of Business and the School of Communication.

</doc>
<doc id="31012921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012921" title="Cleveland Forest Citys all-time roster">
Cleveland Forest Citys all-time roster

The Cleveland Forest Citys were a professional baseball team based in Cleveland, Ohio for two seasons in the National Association from to .

</doc>
<doc id="31012927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012927" title="Take Your Time (Lynyrd Skynyrd song)">
Take Your Time (Lynyrd Skynyrd song)

"Take Your Time" is a song by southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd. The song was recorded in 1974 and was the B-side to the "Sweet Home Alabama" single. 
However it was not featured on any album until the compilation album "Legend" in 1987. It is also featured on the 1997 re-release of "Second Helping" with bonus tracks. It was written by Ronnie Van Zant and Ed King.
It was also the B-side to "Don't Ask Me No Questions" in 1974
Content.
It's a typical up-tempo blues, a pastiche of "Shame, Shame, Shame" by Jimmy Reed.

</doc>
<doc id="31012930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012930" title="List of ambassadors of Great Britain to Russia">
List of ambassadors of Great Britain to Russia

The Ambassador of Great Britain to Russia was the foremost diplomatic representative in Russia of the Kingdom of Great Britain, a state created in 1707 by the Union of England and Scotland. The British Ambassador was the head of the diplomatic mission in Russia. The Embassy was a prestigious posting in the British foreign service.
For Ambassadors up to 1707, see List of Ambassadors of the Kingdom of England to Russia. For Ambassadors after 1800, see List of Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Russia. 
Minister and Ambassador.
Envoys Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary.
1800-1801: "Diplomatic relations were suspended during the Second League of Armed Neutrality"

</doc>
<doc id="31012935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012935" title="U2 (Frankfurt U-Bahn)">
U2 (Frankfurt U-Bahn)

The U2 is a line on the Frankfurt U-Bahn. At the time of the line's inauguration in 1968, it ran from the south railway station to the Hauptwache and then continued along the Eschersheimer Landstrasse all the way up to Heddernheim and then continued to their terminus in Bad Homburg.

</doc>
<doc id="31012942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012942" title="Mandwa">
Mandwa

Mandwa is a village in Raigad district, Maharashtra, India. In movies, Mandwa has been popularized by Amitabh and Hrithik's Agneepath series respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="31012945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012945" title="Petey Pablo discography">
Petey Pablo discography

This is the discography of rapper Petey Pablo.

</doc>
<doc id="31012960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012960" title="U3 (Frankfurt U-Bahn)">
U3 (Frankfurt U-Bahn)

The U3 is a line on the Frankfurt U-Bahn. At the time of the line's inauguration in 1968, it ran from the south railway station to the Hauptwache and then continued along the Eschersheimer Landstrasse all the way up to Heddernheim and then continued to their terminus in Oberursel.

</doc>
<doc id="31012970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012970" title="New Kanpur City">
New Kanpur City

Kanpur is one of the biggest industrial cities of Uttar Pradesh and will soon have a brand new satellite city named New Kanpur City. The new city will spread over 10,000 acres of prime land on the banks of the Ganges. According to Mr. Sushil Kumar, Vice President of Kanpur Vikas Pradhikaran, the city will be well-planned and a totally power-cut free zone and will be completed in the next five years (1998-2002). For the development of phase one of the project, 511.76 hectares of land will be acquired from seven villages. In the first phase, around 18,000 building and plots to house ninety-thousand people, will be developed.
Co-operative housing societies will get preference for allotment of plots in this new city. The remaining land will be allotted to the private developers with the clause that they will develop houses covering minimum 25 per cent of the plot area. According to Mr. Sushil Kumar new Kanpur city will be the most modern and well planned city in the whole country.
Land Proposed.
Over 10,000 acres of land is proposed for NKC Between Bithoor and Azad Nagar on a 4 lane Road of Kanpur-Bithoor.
Transportation.
Kanpur Metro
Metro Rail of 7th corridor will run to Bithoor and Kanpur by NKC. Metro Rail is to be completed before 2015.
City Bus
City Busses of UPSRTC from Kanpur to Bithoor will run from NKC.
Shopping.
A shopping mall of 1 million square meters is under construction with all achors and exclusive showrooms.
Education.
NKC Public School (CBSE Board) will be made with Classes of PG-12.

</doc>
<doc id="31012997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31012997" title="Need All My Friends">
Need All My Friends

"Need All My Friends" is a song by southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd. The song was recorded in 1968 and is considered to be the first song the band recorded. The song was never released on a studio album and remains only in demo form. It was written by Ronnie Van Zant.
Content.
The song features a softer rhythm to later songs and features Ronnie Van Zant singing about how important it is to have friends.

</doc>
<doc id="31013001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013001" title="Hong Kong Social Workers' General Union">
Hong Kong Social Workers' General Union

Hong Kong Social Workers' General Union (HKSWGU) () is a trade union for the social workers in Hong Kong. It was established in 1980. The current president, Cheung Kwok-che is the member in the Legislative Council of Hong Kong. It is one of the trade unions in pro-democratic Hong Kong Confederation of Trade Unions.
History.
The SWGU was founded in 1980 after the movement demanded the government to take efforts to resettle the boat people in Yaumatei's harbour. Many social workers supported the affected residents and were arrested under the Public Order Ordinance in 1979. The social workers leading the movement felt constrained by their official organisation, the Hong Kong Social Workers' Association because it worked cooperatively with the government and did not approve of activists' involvement with the movement. After the incident a group of social workers united and formed the SWGU on 4 May 1980.
Together with the Hong Kong People's Council on Public Housing Policy, the Society for Community Organization, the Hong Kong Christian Industrial Committee, the Hong Kong Professional Teachers' Union, and the Hong Kong Federation of Students, the pressure groups became the backbone of the civil movements in the 1980s, including against bus fares increases in 1980 to 1981, curbing increases in public utility charges in 1983, and shelving the construction of the Daya Bay Nuclear Plant in 1986. 
In the 2004 LegCo elections, Cheung Kwok-che, President of SWGU successfully gained a seat in the Social Welfare functional constituency. In 2012 Cheung co-founded the Labour Party with the Lee Cheuk-yan, General Secretary of the Hong Kong Confederation of Trade Unions, SWGU's head union. 

</doc>
<doc id="31013033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013033" title="Aín">
Aín

Aín (Spanish: "Ahín") is a town in eastern Spain, in the province of Castellón, part of the autonomous community of Valencia. 
It is home to a 13th-century castle.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="31013039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013039" title="Cégep de Sherbrooke">
Cégep de Sherbrooke

The Cégep de Sherbrooke is a CEGEP located in the city of Sherbrooke, Quebec, Canada. Its website indicates that it has an annual student population of more that 6,500 and over 750 paid staff members.
History.
The college traces its origins to the merger of several institutions which became public ones in 1967, when the Quebec system of CEGEPs was created.
Campus.
The 10 acres campus includes 6 academic pavilions, academic laboratories, a sport center (le Cap), a theatre (Alfred-Des Rochers), a residence, and plenty of green space. An agricultural center is located in Coaticook.
Programs.
The college offers two types of programs: pre-university and technical. The pre-university programs, which take two years to complete, cover the subject matters which roughly correspond to the additional year of high school given elsewhere in Canada in preparation for a chosen field in university. The technical programs, which take three years to complete, applies to students who wish to be career-ready; however, many students choose to pursue a university degree. In addition, the Continuing Education Centre offers a wide variety of credit courses and programs with flexible scheduling.
Partnerships.
The College of General and Vocational Education is affiliated with the ACCC, and CCAA.
Athletics.
The college participates in the Canadian Colleges Athletic Association,

</doc>
<doc id="31013046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013046" title="Evil Anal">
Evil Anal

Evil Anal is a pornographic film series from Evil Angel and directed by Manuel Ferrara. AS of 2011, there are 14 volumes. It was awarded the AVN Award three years in a row for the Best Anal-Themed Series.

</doc>
<doc id="31013074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013074" title="Made in the Shade (song)">
Made in the Shade (song)

"Made in the Shade" is a song by southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd. The song was recorded in 1974 and was released on the band's third album, "Nuthin' Fancy". It was written by Ronnie Van Zant.
Content.
The song starts with Ronnie Van Zant saying "Well when I was a young-un they used to teach me to play music like this here...". The song then begins with a classic blues sound, the lyrics refer to an ungrateful girl in a relationship.

</doc>
<doc id="31013078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013078" title="Alcudia de Veo">
Alcudia de Veo

Alcudia de Veo (Catalan: "L'Alcúdia de Veo") is a town in eastern Spain, in the province of Castellón, part of the autonomous community of Valencia, on the northern side of the Serra d'Espadàn. It is crossed by the Veo River. 
Castilian is the language mostly spoken in Alcudia de Veo proper, while Valencian is spoken in the parishes of Veo and Benitandús. Alcudia is home to a Moorish-origin castle; ruins of another castle exist in the abandoned village of Xinquer.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="31013124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013124" title="Centre Island, Australia">
Centre Island, Australia

Centre Island is a small, uninhabited island, in the Sir Edward Pellew Group of Islands, Australia. An automated weather station run by the Bureau of Meteorology has been operating on the island since 1968. Temperatures range from 23.8°C to 31.2°C and the average annual rainfall is 1053.4 mm. 

</doc>
<doc id="31013125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013125" title="Magog municipal election, 2002">
Magog municipal election, 2002

The 2002 Magog municipal election was held on December 1, 2002, to elect a mayor and councillors in the city of Magog, Quebec. This was the city's first election following an amalgamation with two neighbouring townships.
Results.
"Sources: Nelson Afonso, "Poulin elected to lead new city of Magog," 2 December 2002, p. 1."

</doc>
<doc id="31013135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013135" title="Centre Island, Hong Kong">
Centre Island, Hong Kong

Centre Island aka. A Chau (丫洲) is a small uninhabited island of Hong Kong located in Tolo Harbour, in the northwestern part of the territory. Administratively, it is part of Tai Po District.
Geography.
The island has an area of 0.035 km2. Its highest point is at 26.8 m.
History.
A mid-Neolithic prehistoric site dating back to about 6,000 years ago has been identified on Centre Island during a survey conducted in 1997-1998. Prehistoric sites have been discovered on two other islands of Tolo Harbour, namely Yuen Chau Tsai (3,000 years, Bronze Age) and Yim Tin Tsai (4,000 years, late Neolithic).
Conservation.
Centre Island was designated a Site of Special Scientific Interest in 1982. The designation is based on the geological interest of the island.
Centre Island is part of the Ma Shi Chau Special Area, together with three other islands in Tolo Harbour, namely Ma Shi Chau, Yeung Chau and an unnamed island located about 100 m northeast of the shore of Yim 
Tin Tsai near Sam Mun Tsai New Village. The Special Area was designated in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="31013139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013139" title="Jo Giles">
Jo Giles

Joanne "Jo" May Giles (1950 – 22 February 2011) was a New Zealand television presenter and former representative sportswoman. She represented the country in pistol shooting at the 1997 Oceanian Championships in Adelaide, and the 2000 World Cup in Sydney. She was one of New Zealand's first woman jockeys, and competed in motorsport and Rock 'n Roll competitions.
Jo Giles was a candidate for ACT New Zealand in the 2005 general election. She formed a local body political party "Christchurch City Vision" and was a mayoral candidate in the 2007 Christchurch local body election. With 14,454 votes, Giles came third after Bob Parker (47,033 votes) and Megan Woods (32,821 votes) in the election contested by ten candidates.
Jo Giles was later a TV presenter for the regional broadcaster Canterbury Television (CTV), with her programme "Shopping with Jo".
On 11 March 2011 police confirmed that she was one of the victims of the February 2011 Christchurch earthquake in the CTV Building. She had four children.

</doc>
<doc id="31013174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013174" title="Cidnopus pilosus">
Cidnopus pilosus

Cidnopus pilosus is a species of click beetle belonging to the family Elateridae subfamily Dendrometrinae.
The larvae mainly feed on roots of Poaceae species. The adults grow up to long and can mostly be encountered from April through June in meadows or hedge rows. The main host-plants are Rosaceae, Poaceae and Apiaceae species, as Crataegus and Heracleum species, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="31013182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013182" title="Shpetim Kamberi">
Shpetim Kamberi

Shpetim Kamberi (born September 5, 1992) is an Albanian football player currently playing for FC Espoo and the national team of Albania U19.

</doc>
<doc id="31013191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013191" title="ISIRI 13136">
ISIRI 13136

ISIRI 13136 is a standard published by the Institute of Standards and Industrial Research of Iran (ISIRI) in 2011 based on Directive 86/298/EC. It defines "Rear-mounted roll over protection structures of narrow-track wheeled
agricultural and forestry tractors".
Related sources.
Other related sources are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="31013204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013204" title="Khamis Brigade">
Khamis Brigade

The Khamis Brigade, formally the 32nd Reinforced Brigade of the Armed People, was a regime security brigade of the Libyan Armed Forces loyal to Muammar Gaddafi,
Role in 2011 uprising and civil war.
The Khamis Brigade was described as the most elite of three "regime protection units" which together comprise 10,000 men. According to U.S. and European officials, these units were directly loyal to Gaddafi, whereas regular army units made up of conscripts were subject to widespread desertion. It engaged anti-government forces and was reported by eyewitnesses to be moving into Benghazi, Bayda and several other cities that were centers of anti-government protests on 19 February 2011 in the company of militias, possibly including foreign mercenaries. Al Arabiya, citing sources in Benghazi, reported that Khamis Gaddafi had recruited French-speaking mercenaries from sub-Saharan Africa.
On 24 February, armored units commanded by Khamis Gaddafi were reported to be moving toward Misrata, Libya's third-largest city and a major port, said to be in the hands of rebels with heavy weapons. Meanwhile, multi-national mercenaries commanded by the group killed scores and injured dozens in Zawiya, a city symbolic for its resistance to Italian colonization. Local witnesses and speeches by Gaddafi described a chaotic situation with people in civilian clothes fighting one another in the streets. According to former justice minister Mustafa Abdul Jalil, Khamis Gaddafi and two of his brothers were stationed in security centers to the east, west, and south of Tripoli. 
The Aruba School in the rebel held coastal town of Shahhat became the prison for almost 200 suspected mercenaries of the Gaddafi regime from countries such as Niger and Chad. They were reported to be part of Libya's "Khamees' battalion".
On 27 February, residents reported heavy fighting around the Khamis Brigade's headquarters complex in Misrata. An air force school within the complex had been besieged by protesters with light weapons. Despite possessing heavier weaponry, those within had run out of food and water, and a commander surrendered himself for trial. Another report stated that officers at the air force school had mutinied and the adjacent air force base had been overwhelmed.
On 18 April, the headquarters of the Khamis Brigade near Tripoli was bombed and destroyed by NATO planes that took part in the 2011 military intervention in Libya. According to NATO sources, the headquarters had been used to coordinate and lead attacks on civilians.
On 21 August, the Khamis Brigade headquarters west of Tripoli was overrun by rebel forces as they made a major push towards the capital, allowing rebels to capture large stores of weapons. At this date, the Khamis Brigade were reported to have killed 17 prisoners in a makeshift prison near Gragur in Tripoli. On 23 August 2011, the Khamis Brigade killed around 50 prisoners in a Tripoli warehouse and then set fire to the warehouse.
On 29 August 2011, Khamis Gaddafi was killed in fighting in Tarhuna. On 9 September, the NTC health minister said that the Khamis Brigade had lost around 9,000 soldiers during the war. It is unknown who may have commanded remnants of the Khamis Brigade in the closing days of the 2011 Libyan civil war.

</doc>
<doc id="31013234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013234" title="The Lesser Evil">
The Lesser Evil

The Lesser Evil can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31013244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013244" title="Akhtala (Gurjaani)">
Akhtala (Gurjaani)

Akhtala () is a historic mud-cure resort in Georgia, not far from the town of Gurjaani, Kakheti region, 120 km away from the nation’s capital Tbilisi. Located 412 meters above the sea level.

</doc>
<doc id="31013249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013249" title="Cowansville municipal election, 2005">
Cowansville municipal election, 2005

The 2005 Cowansville municipal election was held on November 6, 2005, to elect a mayor and councillors in Cowansville, Quebec. Incumbent mayor Arthur Fauteux was re-elected without opposition.
Results.
"Source: "Meet your new municipal councils," Sherbrooke Record", 8 November 2005, p. 7."

</doc>
<doc id="31013283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013283" title="Cowansville municipal election, 2002">
Cowansville municipal election, 2002

The 2002 Cowansville municipal election was held on November 3, 2002, to elect a mayor and councillors in Cowansville, Quebec. Incumbent mayor Arthur Fauteux was re-elected without opposition.
Results.
"Source: "Election 2002 Eastern Townships," "Sherbrooke Record", 4 Sherbrooke 2002, p. 4."

</doc>
<doc id="31013300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013300" title="Preston Pals">
Preston Pals

The Preston Pals were a group of men from the town of Preston in Lancashire, England, who volunteered to fight in France during World War I, and took part in the Battle of the Somme.
Formation.
Soon after the outbreak of war between Great Britain and Germany on 4 August 1914, Earl Kitchener, the War Minister, laid plans to raise a "New Army" of volunteer recruits. To aid this scheme, he encouraged local councils to establish what became known as Pals battalions, made up of groups of friends and neighbours who were keen to fight alongside each other, rather than being individually assigned to regular army regiments.
The raising of the Preston Pals was first proposed by Mr Cyril Cartmell, son of the Mayor of Preston, Councillor (later Sir) Harry Cartmell. On 31 August 1914, Cyril Cartmell placed the following advertisement in "The Lancashire Daily Post":
"It is proposed to form a Company of young businessmen, clerks, etc, to be drawn from Preston and the surrounding districts, and be attached, if practicable, to a battalion of the Loyal North Lancashire Regiment. Will those who would like to join apply here any afternoon or evening this week – the earlier the better."
Within two days, 250 local men had volunteered for service, and the "Preston Businessmen and Clerks' Company" of the 7th (Service) Battalion, Loyal North Lancashire Regiment, was formed. Three other companies making up the battalion were filled by Pals from Blackpool, Kirkham, and Chorley.
The men were medically examined at the Public Hall, and on 7 September 1914, the Pals paraded before an enthusiastic and patriotic crowd in the Market Place before marching along Fishergate to the railway station and leaving the town for their training.
Departure.
Pals battalions required extensive training before they could be allowed onto the battelfield. The Preston Pals did their training at Tidworth, Bulford and Swindon before crossing over to Boulogne on 17 July 1915. Once in France, training for trench warfare and gas attacks continued for a further two months.
In September 1915, exactly twelve months after their formation, the Preston Pals took a minor part in the Battle of Loos, and received their first casualties. The losses were reported by the "Preston Guardian" and the "Lancashire Daily Post", with each soldier's obituary accompanied by details of his school and church associations, the firm he worked for before enlistment, and the football or cricket teams he had played with. The fact that the men had fought under the particular identity of the town meant their deaths were mourned not only by their families, but by the community as a whole.
Battle of the Somme.
The 7th Battalion of the Loyal North Lancashire Regiment was in the order of battle for the first day of the Battle of the Somme, on 1 July 1916. The battalion was to take part in an assault against the German lines in late afternoon, but by this time, it was apparent that the initial assault had been a catastrophic failure, which brought about a cancellation of further attacks. Thus, the Preston Pals escaped the heavy losses that were suffered by many other Pals battalions that day.
The Preston Pals were engaged in the Somme battle for the whole of July 1916, and they took part in the desperate fighting around High Wood, Delville Wood, Fricourt, and Guillemont. By mid-July, only 480 riflemen out of an original strength of 900 remained. During August and September 1916, the Battalion served in the Flanders sector, only to return to the Somme again as the battle entered its final phase.
By the time the Battle of the Somme ended, in mid-November 1916, the 7th Battalion of the Loyals retained little of its former identity. Many of the original Pals had joined other units, and casualties had been replaced by new drafts from the UK. Following further heavy casualties in the Flanders campaigns of 1917, the battalion was officially disbanded in February 1918.
Notable recruits.
The first officer of the Preston Pals to be killed in action, in February 1916, was Lieutenant Maurice Bannister, son of the vicar of St George’s Church. Another recruit was Private Hugh Carnegie Rain, Carnie was the son of Will Onda (Hugh Rain) a former stage acrobat and performer who was a film maker, distributor and cinema proprietor in Preston. Corporal Frank Wood, of Connaught Road, Broadgate, was the first member of Orchard Methodist Church to become a casualty in the war. He had formerly worked for Merigold Brothers in the Old Vicarage. Lieutenant Harold Fazackerly, of Ashton, won the Military Cross and Bar before being killed in action in August 1916. Lieutenant Horace J. Lancaster, of Penwortham, also won the Military Cross.
One of the last surviving members of the Preston Pals who served in France was James Collier Nickeas. He died in 1986, in a Barrow hospital, aged 93. His father once ran the Alexandra ballroom and cinema in Walker Street, Preston.
War Memorial.
A war memorial was raised up in 1926 to commemorate Preston’s dead in the Great War. It overlooks the spot where the Preston Pals first paraded in the Market Place in 1914.

</doc>
<doc id="31013305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013305" title="Ecuadorian referendum and popular consultation, 2011">
Ecuadorian referendum and popular consultation, 2011

A referendum consisting of ten questions was held in Ecuador on 7 May 2011. The ballot questions included whether to
The final results showed all questions passing.
Content.
Referendum questions.
Question #1.
Referendum's first question seeks a change in the period a suspect can be detained without a formal trial. The original text of this question, proposed by Ecuadorian president Rafael Correa and its appendix is the following:
The text of the 2008 Constitution of Ecuador to be changed stated that:
Question 1 adopted by the Constitutional Court for the referendum showed changes from its original formulation in the proposal although its essential structure is preserved. The question was modified to specify the constitutional text was intended to modify, and try there are no ambiguities in trying to interpret it. His final composition was as follows:
Question #2.
The second referendum question seeks to modify parameters of alternatives to imprisonment.
Question Text 2 (and apprendix 2) of the proposal made by President Rafael Correa, stated as follows:
The text of the Constitución de 2008 was set to be modified:
El texto final para la pregunta 2:
Results.
In reaction Correa said "The Ecuadorean people have triumphed. was a victory of this dream that is called citizen's revolution." Of the controversial media ownership amendment he said the approval was a "a historic deed. We are going to diffuse the power in this country."
The chief of the Organisation of American States observer team, Enrique Correa of Chile, said that there were was no evidence of fraud and that the voting appeared to go smoothly.

</doc>
<doc id="31013309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013309" title="Karl Plattner">
Karl Plattner

Karl Plattner (February 13, 1919 in Mals, Italy – December 8, 1986 in Milan, Italy) was a Southtyrolian Painter.
Biography.
Plattner was born in 1919 as one of ten children in the Obervinschgau. After he left school, he apprenticed as a painter, first in Mals and later in Brixen. 
There, he became acquainted with Sebastian Fasal, Professor of the Academy of Fine Arts Vienna, where he studied mural painting. 
During Second World War he was a soldier in the German Wehrmacht and was put into an American prisoner-of-war camp by Livorno. After his captivity he continue his studies in Florence, Milan and Paris. At this time, he received the first public contracts in South Tyrol for fresco paintings. 
In 1952 he and his wife moved to Brasil and exhibited his works in Rio de Janeiro and São Paulo. He also received important contracts in Brazil. 
In 1956 he became acquainted with Clemens Holzmeister. With him he realized the artistic representation of the box vestibule in the new Great Festival Hall of Salzburg. 
In 1961 he moved to Tourrettes-sur-Loup and Cipières in Southern France. From 1963 to 1978 he lived in Milan.

</doc>
<doc id="31013322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013322" title="St Mary's Church, Redgrave">
St Mary's Church, Redgrave

St Mary's Church, Redgrave, is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Redgrave, Suffolk, England. It is a Grade I listed building, and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands on a rise about 1 km east of the village.
Early history.
The initial building of the church was between about 1280 and 1350. Alterations and additions were made in the 15th century, and the vestry was added in the later part of the following century. The 16th-century tower was refaced in the late 18th century. Repairs were carried out in 1850, and further alterations were made later that century and in the 20th century. In 1506 the rector of the church was Cardinal Wolsey, later to be Lord Chancellor to Henry VIII.
Architecture.
Exterior.
The church is constructed in flint rubble with ashlar dressings. There is also some flushwork and red brick. Parts of the walls are rendered. The vestry and the tower are in red brick. The tower has ashlar dressings, and has been refaced with white brick. The roofs of the aisles are covered in lead, while the rest of the church is slated. St Mary's is a large church, its plan consisting of a nave with a clerestory, north and south aisles, a south porch, a chancel with a north vestry, and a west tower. Its main architectural style is Decorated. The tower is tall and is in two stages; it stands on a plinth and is unbutressed. In the bottom stage is a round-headed west doorway. There is a small round-headed window in the second stage on the west side, and a similar window in the third stage on the north. The top stage contains round-headed louvred bell openings on all sides. The parapet is plain, and there are stepped pinnacles on the corners. To the north of the tower is a two-stage stair turret.
Along the clerestory are ten two-light windows on each side. The parapet of the south aisle is battlemented and has gargoyles. The porch is to the west of the centre of the south aisle. The porch leads to the entrance doorway to the church. This dates from the 14th century, and is elaborately carved. To the east of the porch is a 14th-century two-light window. Further east are two three-light Perpendicular windows. In the west wall of the aisle is a two-light window, and in its east wall is a three-light window, both of these dating from the 14th century. The north aisle has a plain parapet, and its north wall contains a blocked door, two 14th-century two-light windows, a large three-light 16th-century Perpendicular window, and a three-light 17th-century window containing lancets in a square surround. At the west end of the aisle is a two-light 14th-century window, and at the east end is a three-light 15th-century Perpendicular window. In the chancel is a large 14th-century seven-light east window with complex tracery. On the south side of the chancel is a low door flanked by two tall 14th-century three-light windows. There are two similar windows on the north side. The vestry is constructed in English bond brickwork on a plinth. On its north side is an oval window, and to the east is a three-light 18th-century window.
Interior.
Inside the church are tall five-bay arcades with pointed arches carried on quatrefoil piers. The hammerbeam roof in the nave dates from the 15th century, and is in ten bays. The chancel roof dates from the 19th century, and has six bays. The 16th-century vestry roof has a large central pendant. In the south wall of the chancel is a piscina and an elaborate triple sedilia. The sedilia is in Perpendicular style, and has canted canopies with lierne vaulting. There is another piscina in the south aisle. The north aisle contains a 14th-century octagonal font. On the wall of the aisle is a re-set section of a reredos dated 1709, an 18th-century painting of the Holy Family, and elaborately decorated boards inscribed with the Ten Commandments. The Commandments occupy two central panels, and are flanked by panels containing paintings of Moses and Aaron. On the floor beneath these objects is a long school desk carved with graffiti, and a 19th-century bier. Over the south doorway are the Royal Arms of Charles II in an oval frame. In the nave is a 15th-century iron-bound chest. The seating, the Gothic-style pulpit and the brass lectern all date from the 19th century. The stained glass in the east window is by T. Farrow of Diss, and is dated 1853. The glass in the aisles is from a later date. The three-manual organ is at the west end of the church. It was made in 1889 by the Casson Patent Organ Company, and restored in 2007 by Rodney Briscoe. There is a ring of six bells. Five of these were cast in 1736 by Thomas Newman, and the sixth in 1785 by Thomas Osborn.
The church contains a "fine collection of hatchments and monuments of national importance"; these are mainly to members of the Bacon, Holt and Wilson families. There are thirteen hatchments, more than any other church in Suffolk. At the east end of the north aisle is a chest tomb in black and white marble with the effigies of Sir Nicholas Bacon who died in 1624, and his wife Anne Butts. It was made in 1616 by Nicholas Stone. Near to this is a wall tablet to R. Bacon who died in 1652. The west end of the north aisle, which contains four black and white marble wall tablets, was formerly the family chapel of the Bacon family; this was also designed by Nicholas Stone. On the north wall of the chancel is a large monument to Sir John Holt, Lord Chief Justice who died in 1710. It is in white, grey and white marble, with some gilt and was made by Thomas Green. In the centre of the monument is the seated effigy of a judge, flanked by statues representing personifications of Justice and Vigilance, all contained in an elaborately carved aedicule. Also on the north wall is a tablet to the children of E. Bacon that was erected in 1660. On the south wall is a black and white tablet to Lady Gawdy, who died in 1621, by Nicholas Stone, and a simple tablet to the children of another E. Bacon dated 1683. In the chancel floor is a brass to Anne Butts, who died in 1609, with a poem inscribed below her figure. There are also floor slabs from the 17th and 18th centuries to former rectors. The hatchments are in the chancel, the nave, and the north aisle.
Recent history and present day.
The church was declared redundant on 1 April 2004. Following vesting in the Churches Conservation Trust, repairs and restoration were undertaken. The first phase involved repairs to the exterior, which were completed in September 2006. The second phase involved re-plastering and limewashing of the interior, repairing the fittings, cleaning and consolidating the memorials, and conserving the hatchments. In 2005 the local residents formed the Redgrave Church Heritage Trust and the two trusts have worked together. A toilet block has been installed in the base of the tower, and a kitchenette on the southwest corner of the church. The church has been transformed into a community venue. Services are still held in the church, and it is also used for concerts, plays, and other events.
In 2010 the entrance to a burial vault below the church was accidentally discovered. This occurred during a rehearsal in the church for the musical "Quasimodo" when an actress, Kathy Mills, dislodged a marble flagstone near the altar. Below this was the entrance to the vault. It led by a set of steps into a tunnel, with a chamber containing coffins. In February 2011 the vault was opened for inspection by the general public for a number of hours. The entrance has since been sealed.
External features.
In the churchyard are three memorials, all designated as Grade II listed buildings. To the south of the church is a pair of similar chest tombs to members of the Cay family dating from the early 19th century. Also south of the church is the chest tomb of R. Symonds dated 1766. To the northwest of the church is a pair of chest tombs to members of the Birch and Billingform families.

</doc>
<doc id="31013323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013323" title="Yakuman (video game)">
Yakuman (video game)

Summary.
One of the four original Game Boy games available for the Japanese launch of that system on April 21, 1989. Released alongside "Alleyway", "Super Mario Land", and "Baseball", it bears the distinction of being the only of the four Japanese Game Boy launch titles never released outside of Japan. If there are two copies, two Game Boys and a link cable, two-player mode is possible.
Yakuman is the name of the winning hand in the Chinese board game, mahjong. Players have to beat the opponent's hand by either matching panels of different numbers within the same family or by grouping panels that belong to the same family in different numbers.
The options to turn off the background music for the game and to manipulate the difficulty of the game's artificial intelligence can be found on the main menu. Players have a choice of five opponents to play with; four male and one female.

</doc>
<doc id="31013345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013345" title="Non-European Unity Movement">
Non-European Unity Movement

The Non-European Unity Movement (NEUM) was a Trotskyist organisation formed in South Africa in 1943.
It was committed to non-racialism and its primary tactic was one of non-collaboration with the apartheid regime

</doc>
<doc id="31013358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013358" title="Bedford municipal election, 2005">
Bedford municipal election, 2005

The 2005 Town of Bedford municipal election took place on November 6, 2005, to elect a mayor and councillors in the town of Bedford, Quebec. All members of council were returned without opposition.
Results.
"Source: Élections municipales 2005, Affairs municipales, Régions, et Occupation du Territoire."

</doc>
<doc id="31013360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013360" title="Mulline, Western Australia">
Mulline, Western Australia

Mulline is an abandoned town located in the Goldfields-Esperance region in Western Australia. It is found between Kalgoorlie and Leonora.
Gold was discovered in the area in the 1890s and following a gold rush to the area the number of miners in the area resulted in the townsite being gazetted in 1897. The name of town is derived from Mulline Rock, a feature located just outside of town. The name of the town was recorded by the surveyor Brazier in 194 and is Aboriginal in origin although the meaning of it is unknown.
The main mine in the town was the "Lady Gladys" which operated between 1896 and 1911. Another mine that was operating in the area around the same time was the "Off Chance" mine. A state battery was constructed in the area in 1899. Land was set aside for a police station, but never built on. Two hotels existed in the town by 1910.

</doc>
<doc id="31013361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013361" title="Herlewin">
Herlewin

Ethelmaer, Elmer, or Aelmer (died 1137), also called Herlewin, was an English ascetic writer.
Ethelmaer was made prior of Christ Church, Canterbury, in 1128, and is said to have been a man of great piety and simplicity. His simplicity led him to take the part of Archbishop William of Corbeuil in a dispute he had with the convent in 1136 about the church of St. Martin at Dover. He died 11 May 1137. The name Elmer is evidently a corruption of the old English name Æthelmær. Leland saw two works by him, a book of homilies and a treatise, ‘De exercitiis spiritualis vitæ.’ The report on the Cottonian Library has under Otho A. xii. ‘Ælmeri monachi ecclesiæ Christi Cantuariensis epistolæ, in quibus tractat de munditia cordis, . . . et querimonia de absentia metus Dei. Liber asceticus et vere pius;’ 100 f. This manuscript was almost entirely destroyed by the fire of 10 July 1865; the few charred fragments that remain form the seventh portion of a volume, marked as above, which begins with some fragments of a manuscript of Asser, the only contents noticed in the Museum catalogue. Another copy is in the library of Trinity College, Cambridge, Gale MS. O. 10, 16 (Wright). The titles of other works are given by Bale.

</doc>
<doc id="31013373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013373" title="Paul Woolford">
Paul Woolford

Paul Woolford may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31013396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013396" title="Climaco Pinto Leandro">
Climaco Pinto Leandro

Leandro Climaco Pinto (born 24 January 1994) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Superleague Greece club Olympiacos, as a Centre back.
Career.
Leandro began playing professional football with Olympiacos.
On 22 August 2011, he signed with Doxa Drama for one year, on loan from Olympiacos.

</doc>
<doc id="31013399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013399" title="Dania El-Kadi">
Dania El-Kadi

Dania El-Kadi (Dania El Aïd) (born in Georgia, United States) is a Lebanese writer.
Biography.
She grew up in Beirut and spent two years in Belgium in her teens. She studied history at the American University of Beirut, and worked in the technology sector in Kuwait and the UAE, before moving to London in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="31013400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013400" title="Magic Fountain (song)">
Magic Fountain (song)

"Magic Fountain" is the first single from Art vs. Science's debut album "The Experiment". The song came in at number 9 on Triple J's Hottest 100 of 2010. The somewhat viral music video features an old man equipped with a vest made of speakers emitting music which forces anyone who hears it to break into dance. 

</doc>
<doc id="31013402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013402" title="Odd Tablet">
Odd Tablet

Odd Tablet (as David Hawkes translates his penname), or more literally, Elderly Maimed Tablet (畸笏叟), was a mysterious commentator of the 18th-century Chinese novel "Dream of the Red Chamber". He sometimes signed himself as merely 畸笏 ("Maimed Tablet"). He and Rouge Inkstone were the two foremost commentator of the Red Chamber manuscript, although his comments were fewer than those from Rouge Inkstone. He was apparently quite old and an elder as he signed himself as 叟, meaning "Elderly Man" (or he wished to be seen as such). His comments, like Rouge Inkstone's, were in red ink, so there are sometimes difficulties separating the two commentators' annotations.
His penname was 畸笏叟. 叟 means "Elderly Man", which reveals he should be an old man. 畸 can mean "maimed", "unevenly shaped", "abnormal" or "leftover". 笏 was a long, rectangular tablet that court officials used to record matters when seeing the Chinese Emperor. These emblematic tablets were made of jade, ivory, wood or bamboo.
Odd Tablet was as mysterious a commentator as Rouge Inkstone, and some experts see them possibly as the same person (albeit writing under a different penname). But noted Redologist Cai Yijiang (蔡义江) wrote an essay speculating that Odd Tablet should be Cao Xueqin's father. What is known for certain now is that Odd Tablet was a person of some authority over Cao Xueqin. He ordered Cao Xueqin to remove a passage detailing the incestuous adultery between Qin Keqing and her father-in-law from Xueqin's original text. Instead, Cao Xueqin resorted to using very oblique references when writing the sensitive passage. The incident appeared to be based on a household scandal which occurred when Cao Yin (曹寅), Cao Xueqin's grandfather, was alive. 
Odd Tablet outlived Cao Xueqin, becoming the guardian of Cao's working manuscripts. He commented that some pages of the original manuscript were lost because someone had borrowed and mislaid them. Cao Xueqin died without putting together a cohesive, final version of his book for publication. What we do have is Cao Xueqin's extant first eighty chapters.
Odd Tablet appears to be some melancholic elder who had suffered through the catastrophe of the Cao family's downfall. He used frequent phrases like 嘆嘆! ("Alas!"), 哭 ("weep"), 傷哉！(an expression of deep grief) in Classical Chinese, and seemed especially troubled by any references to the Cao family's sacking decades before. Cai concluded that Odd Tablet should be Cao Fu (曹頫), adopted son and paternal nephew of Cao Yin (曹寅). Cai supports the idea that Yin was Cao Xueqin's paternal grandfather (or, in terms of blood relations, paternal grand-uncle) through Cai Fu, Xueqin's father. Cao Fu was imprisoned for years by Emperor Yongzheng because he was the person in charge of the Cao Clan when the catastrophe began. Cai also speculates Fu was maimed during his imprisonment, hence his frequent use of the phrase 废人 ("useless/maimed person") and 畸 ("abnormal" or "maimed").

</doc>
<doc id="31013404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013404" title="1998 'Friendship' Cup">
1998 'Friendship' Cup

The 1998 'Friendship Cup' , also known as the 1998 Sahara 'Friendship Cup' for sponsorship reasons, was a One Day International cricket series which took place between 12-20 September 1998. The tournament was held in Canada, which was seen as perfect neutral territory for India and Pakistan to play each other. The tournament was won by Pakistan, who won the series 4-1.

</doc>
<doc id="31013410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013410" title="Persbul Buol">
Persbul Buol

Persbul stands for Persatuan Sepakbola Buol ("en: Football Association of Langsa"). Persbul Buol is an Indonesian football club based in Regency of Buol, Central Sulawesi. Club played in Liga Indonesia First Division. In season 2011-12 the club promotion to Premier Division after finis in 2nd placed in 2010 Liga Indonesia First Division.

</doc>
<doc id="31013435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013435" title="Democratic Left Front">
Democratic Left Front

The Democratic Left Front was formed as a non-sectarian and non-authoritarian anti-capitalist front in South Africa. It was formed at the "Conference for a Democratic Left" held in Johannesburg in January 2011. It has played a notable role in solidarity campaigns, most recently around the Marikana massacre.
Debates.
The Zabalaza Anarchist Communist Front has expressed reservations about the almost entirely middle class nature of the leadership of the DLF and issues around internal processes. However the South African Unemployed Peoples' Movement has welcomed the DLF as an "historic opportunity".
Campaigns.
The DLF has expressed strong support for the rights of LGTBI people.
The DLF was actively involved in the Occupy Johannesburg movement in coordination with Taking Back South Africa! on 15 October 2011 as part of the global Occupy movement.
The DLF supported the Marikana miners' strike in 2012 and was centrally involved in the Marikana Support Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="31013436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013436" title="Brigham municipal election, 2005">
Brigham municipal election, 2005

The 2005 Brigham municipal election was held on November 6, 2005, to elect a mayor and councillors in Brigham, Quebec.
Results.
"Source: "Meet your new municipal councils," Sherbrooke Record", 8 November 2005, p. 7."

</doc>
<doc id="31013443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013443" title="ISIRI 13135">
ISIRI 13135

ISIRI 13135 is a standard published by the Institute of Standards and Industrial Research of Iran (ISIRI) in 2011 based on Directive 86/415/EEC, as last amended by Directive 97/54/EC. It defines "the installation, location, operation and identification of the controls of wheeled agricultural or forestry tractors".
Related sources.
Other related sources are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="31013452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013452" title="Genesis (2007)">
Genesis (2007)

Genesis (2007) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by the Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) promotion, which took place on November 11, 2007, at the TNA Impact! Zone in Orlando, Florida. It was the third event under the Genesis chronology, the last held in the month of November, and the eleventh event of the 2007 TNA PPV schedule. Eight professional wrestling matches were featured on the event's card, four of which were for championships.
The main event was a tag team match for the TNA World Heavyweight Championship, in which then-champion Kurt Angle and Kevin Nash defeated the team of Sting and Booker T; Angle gained the pinfall to retain the title. The final round of The 2007 Fight for the Right Tournament was determined in a ladder match, in which Kaz defeated Christian Cage to become number one contender to the TNA World Heavyweight Championship. Samoa Joe versus Robert Roode was also featured on the card, which Joe won. The Motor City Machine Guns (Alex Shelley and Chris Sabin) defeated Team 3D (Brother Devon and Brother Ray) in a tag team match.
Genesis is noted for the TNA debut of Booker T. The professional wrestling section of the Canadian Online Explorer website rated the entire event a 7.5 out of 10 stars, higher than the 2006 event's rating of 5.
Production.
Background.
The third Genesis event was announced in mid-August 2007, scheduled for November 11, 2007 at the TNA Impact Zone in Orlando, Florida. The promotional poster for the gathering was released some time prior through PPV providers featuring various TNA wrestlers. It featured the tagline "A New Breed of Company... A New Breed of Wrestler... A New Breed in Wrestling".
Storylines.
Genesis featured eight professional wrestling matches that involved different wrestlers from pre-existing scripted feuds and storylines. Wrestlers were portrayed as either villains or heroes in the scripted events that build tension and culminate into a wrestling match or series of matches.
The primary storyline heading into Genesis involved the TNA World Heavyweight Championship held by then-champion Kurt Angle. On the October 25 episode of TNA's television program "TNA Impact!", Management Director Jim Cornette announced that the title would be defended in a tag team match with Angle and Kevin Nash against Sting and a partner of his choosing. The lead-up to this decision began at TNA's previous PPV event Bound for Glory on October 12. There, Sting defeated Angle to win the TNA World Heavyweight Championship. On the October 25 episode of "Impact!", with help from Nash, Angle defeated Sting to win back the title. Due to the controversial circumstances, Cornette announced that Angle would defend the title in a tag team match, in which the person that got the pinfall or submission would win the title.
The 2007 Fight for the Right Tournament was held in the weeks prior to the Genesis PPV event. It was an eight-man single-elimination tournament to decide the number contender to the TNA World Heavyweight Championship. It began at Bound for Glory, where a 16-man reverse battle royal was held to determine the participants, where the last remaining eight advanced to the second round and were seeded in order of elimination. Eric Young, Robert Roode, James Storm, Junior Fatu, Chris Sabin, Kaz, Lance Hoyt, and Alex Shelley all advanced to round two. The first bout of the quarterfinals took place on the October 18 episode of "Impact!" between Shelley and Sabin, which ended in a no contest. This led to a vacant spot in the tournament, which was filled later in the episode when Christian Cage defeated Samoa Joe. Kaz defeated Hoyt, Storm defeated Young, and Fatu defeated Roode in the remaining quarterfinal matches, which took place on the 18 and 25 episodes, respectively. The semi-finals were held on the November 1 episode of "Impact!", where Kaz defeated Storm, and Cage defeated Chris Harris—who was a replacement for Fatu—to advance to the finals. On the November 8 episode of "Impact!", Cage defeated Kaz, with interference from Cage's allies A.J. Styles and Tomko, to win the tournament. Afterwards, Cornette's stand-in for the night Matt Morgan declared the match a no contest and announced that the tournament would be decided in a ladder match between Cage and Kaz at Genesis due to the interference.
At Bound for Glory, Team 3D (Brother Devon and Brother Ray) fought The Steiner Brothers (Rick and Scott Steiner) in a two out of three falls tables match. They were unsuccessful at defeating the Steiners as The Motor City Machine Guns (Alex Shelley and Chris Sabin; MCMG) interfered and helped the Steiners win the match. On the October 18 episode of "Impact!", Team 3D attacked MCMG during their match in The 2007 Fight for the Right Tournament, injuring them in the plot, which lead to a spot being vacant. Afterwards, they stated they were going to destroy the X Division, for which MCMG belonged. On the November 1 episode of "Impact!", MCMG returned from injury and attacked Team 3D. Afterwards, Shelley challenged Team 3D to a fight at Genesis, which was later made official by TNA.
Joe versus Roode was another featured contest on the event's card. On the October 18 episode of "Impact!", Joe fought Cage for the vacant spot in The 2007 Fight for the Right Tournament. During which Roode interfered by attacking Joe, which led to Joe losing the bout. Joe retaliated on the October 25 episode of "Impact!" by interfering in Roode's quarterfinal match with Fatu, causing him to also lose. TNA commentator Mike Tenay announced on the November 1 episode of "Impact!" that the two would face in a bout at Genesis.
Event.
On-air employees.
The event featured employees other than the wrestlers involved in the matches. There were four overall commentators for the event; Mike Tenay and Don West provided English commentary, while Hector Guerrero and Willie Urbina served as the Spanish announce team. David Penzer was the ring announcer for the event, while Earl Hebner, Rudy Charles, Mark "Slick" Johnson, and Andrew Thomas participated as referees for the encounters. Jeremy Borash and Crystal Louthan were used as interviewers throughout the event. Besides wrestlers who were appearing in a wrestling role, James Mitchell, Awesome Kong, SoCal Val, B.G. James and Kip James of the Voodoo Kin Mafia (VKM), Ms. Brooks, Karen Angle, and Sharmell were also featured on the broadcast. A series of backstage segments featured on the show involved James Storm and Eric Young, with Jackie Moore as an observer, involved in a beer drinking contest over what Storm called the "World Beer Drinking Championship". It eventually led to Storm passing out and Young stealing the TNA World Beer Drinking Championship belt.
Preliminary matches.
The event opened with a Shop of Horrors match between Abyss and Black Reign, which lasted 10 minutes and 13 seconds. In a Shop of Horrors match, all weapons are legal to use, a wrestler can not be counted out, and it can only be won by pinfall or submission. James Mitchell interfered on Reign's behalf during the encounter. Abyss won the contest by pinfall after slamming Reign into the mat with a his maneuver, the Black Hole Slam. After the encounter, Abyss grabbed a key that hung around Reign's neck and used it to open a locked building on the stage, which unknowingly was occupied by an unknown wrestler. Reign and the unknown wrestler then proceeded to lock Abyss in the building and push it off the stage.
A series of other preliminary matches followed the Shop of Horrors match. MCMG fought Team 3D in a match that lasted 17 minutes and 37 seconds. MCMG won the contest, after the pair performed their ASCS Rush combination on Ray, which involves a series of kicks to the head and midsection, to gain the pinfall. The TNA Women's World Championship was defended in a Four Way match involving then-champion Gail Kim, Roxxi Laveaux, ODB, and Angel Williams. VKM accompanied Roxxi Laveaux to the ring; they were eventually sent to the backstage area during the contest. After nine minutes and one second, Kim pinned ODB after slamming her into the mat with her maneuver the Happy Ending to retain the title. Sonjay Dutt challenged Jay Lethal for the TNA X Division Championship next. Lethal successfully retained the title after gaining the pinfall following an elbow drop from the top of a padded turnbuckle at 12 minutes and one second. Afterwards, Team 3D attacked Dutt and Lethal, and stole the X Division Championship belt, claiming they were holding it "hostage". Christian's Coalition (A.J. Styles and Tomko) defended the TNA World Tag Team Championship against The Steiner Brothers in a match lasting 10 minutes and 43 seconds. The pair retained the titles, when Styles pinned Rick following a shot to the groin and a chair shot to the head, neither of which was seen by the referee.
Main event matches.
The sixth match was between Samoa Joe and Robert Roode, who was accompanied by Ms. Brooks. It lasted 15 minutes and 43 seconds, with Joe becoming the victor after slamming Roode into the mat with his Muscle Buster maneuver. Ms. Brooks legitimately passed out at ringside during the contest, believed to be due to overheating. She recovered later in the night after EMTS helped her to the backstage area.
Next, the finals of The 2007 Fight for the Right Tournament were held between Christian Cage and Kaz in a ladder match that lasted 15 minutes and 13 seconds. In a ladder match, an object is hung above the ring and the first to climb a ladder and retrieve the object is the winner. During the match, Cage was legitimately busted open above his eye. Mid-way through the encounter, the contract fell off the clipboard that hung above the ring, which changed the objective to just grabbing the clipboard to win. Kaz won the contest after causing Cage to fall off the ladder onto Styles and Tomko, who were interfering on Cage's behalf, and then ascending the ladder to grab the clipboard, becoming number one contender to the TNA World Heavyweight Championship in the process.
The main event was a tag team match for the TNA World Heavyweight Championship, pitting the teams of then-champion Kurt Angle, who was accompanied by Karen Angle, and Kevin Nash against Sting and a mystery partner. Before the contest began, Sting introduced his partner as the debuting Booker T, who was accompanied by the also debuting Sharmell. During the 13 minute and 41 second long encounter, the team of Styles and Tomko interfered on Angle's behalf by attacking Booker T and Sting. This led later to Angle hitting Nash with the World Heavyweight Championship belt and the slamming of Sting into the mat with his Olympic Slam maneuver to gain the pinfall and retain the title.
Reception.
The attendance for the event was 900. Canadian Online Explorer writer Chris Sokol rated the entire event 7.5 out of 10, which was higher than the 2006 event's rating of 5 out of 10 by Bob Kapur. Sokol rated the ladder match between Cage and Kaz an 8.5, his highest rating of the review, while the main event match for the TNA World Heavyweight Championship was rated a 7. The Women's Title match was rated the lowest with a 5. Sokol stated in his review of the event when referring to Booker T being Sting's mystery partner, he gave TNA "major props". In his comments on the finish to the main event he stated that it was an "intriguing ending to an excellent PPV". Wade Keller of the "Pro Wrestling Torch" gave the main event two and 1/4 stars out of five, and stated he felt it "wasn't anything special"; however, he felt Booker T looked "refreshed and full of spunk". He believed the ladder match was a "really good spectacle match" and gave it three and a half stars. James Caldwell of the "Pro Wrestling Torch" gave the main event two stars out of five, while the ladder match three and 3/4 stars. He felt the ladder match was a "very good ladder match" and was the "best match" up to that point. Dan Wilkenfeld of the "Pro Wrestling Torch" gave the overall event a B rating and believed it was a "step down" from the previous month's Bound for Glory. The event was released on DVD on January 15, 2008 by TNA Home Video.
Aftermath.
Following Genesis, A.J. Styles and Tomko went on to join Kurt and Karen Angle to form The Angle Alliance. Due to Angle's attack on Nash at Genesis, Nash and Scott Hall went on to request a Six Man Tag Team match for TNA's Turning Point PPV event on December 2. Nash and Hall were granted their request, and Samoa Joe later was revealed as their mystery partner for the encounter. Hall ended up no-showing the event, and as a result Eric Young filled his place in the bout, which was won by Joe, Nash, and Young.
Team 3D and MCMG continued their rivalry heading into Turning Point, with MCMG now joined by Lethal. On the November 15 episode of "Impact!", Johnny Devine, an X Division wrestler, betrayed and attacked MCMG and Lethal, joining Team 3D in the process. This led to the six meeting in a Six Man Tag Team Tables match at Turning Point. Team 3D and Devine went on to win the contest.
The mystery wrestler revealed after the Shop of Horrors match at Genesis was soon after dubbed Rellik. Abyss, now joined by Rhino, went on to feud with both Reign and Rellik leading into Turning Point. The four were promoted to fight in a Match of 10,000 Tacks at the event, but Rhino ended up being replaced by Raven due to an injury. Abyss and Raven won the contest at Turning Point.
Kaz got his TNA World Heavyweight Championship match on the November 15 episode of "Impact!" against Angle, but failed to win the title. Kaz then went on to team with Booker T in a match against Christian Cage and Robert Roode at Turning Point, which the pair won.

</doc>
<doc id="31013459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013459" title="List of Presidents of the Landtag of the Free People's State of Württemberg">
List of Presidents of the Landtag of the Free People's State of Württemberg

Presidents of the Landtag of the Free People's State of Württemberg

</doc>
<doc id="31013462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013462" title="Brigham municipal election, 2003">
Brigham municipal election, 2003

The 2003 Brigham municipal election was held on November 2, 2003, to elect a mayor and councillors in Brigham, Quebec. All candidates were re-elected without opposition.
Results.
"Source: "Eastern Townships Municipal Elections Results," "Sherbrooke Record", 3 November 2003, p. 7."

</doc>
<doc id="31013478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013478" title="Patitta Attayatamavitaya">
Patitta Attayatamavitaya

Patitta Attayatamavitaya (; ; born August 26, 1986), nicknamed New, is a Thai actress and television personality. She starred in the film "Pai In Love".

</doc>
<doc id="31013497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013497" title="PS Siak">
PS Siak

PS Siak stands for Persatuan Sepakbola Siak ("en: Football Association of Siak"). PS Siak is an Indonesian football club based in Siak Regency, Riau. Club played in Liga Indonesia First Division. 

</doc>
<doc id="31013498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013498" title="Come Closer (Miles Kane song)">
Come Closer (Miles Kane song)

"Come Closer" is a song by the English musician Miles Kane and was released on 18 February 2011. In interviews he has described this song as sleazy. The song was inspired by John Lennon. It was released as a limited run on 7" vinyl and as digital download. The first 500 7" came with a signed set of lyrics by Miles Kane.
Music video.
The official video was released online on 16 December 2010. It was filmed at a studio in North London called the Mile Way club. The director of the video was Dan Sully. The video features Daisy Lowe who is a close friend of Miles, and Hope Watson.

</doc>
<doc id="31013507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013507" title="TinyVM">
TinyVM

TinyVM is a small Java Virtual Machine primarily designed for use embedded systems with low memory. In 2000 the project was forked into LeJOS.

</doc>
<doc id="31013510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013510" title="One Night Stand (Keri Hilson song)">
One Night Stand (Keri Hilson song)

"One Night Stand" is a song by American recording artist Keri Hilson, taken from her second studio album, "No Boys Allowed" (2010). It features American R&B singer Chris Brown who co-wrote the song alongside Kevin McCall and Charlie Bereal, who also produced the track. The R&B and soul ballad was sent to radio as the third single from "No Boys Allowed".
"One Night Stand" received a mixed response from critics, who praised both Hilson and Brown's vocals, but was criticized for being a "soggy duet". The song has appeared on the US Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs at number thirty two. An accompanying music video directed by Colin Tilley, premiered on March 24, 2011.
Background and composition.
"One Night Stand" was written by Chris Brown, Kevin McCall and Charlie Bereal. In February 2011, Hilson told "Rap-Up" magazine that she was considering choosing "One Night Stand" as the next single from "No Boys Allowed", after an outpouring of fan support. She said, "My fans are really liking "One Night Stand" with Chris Brown ... I have a lot of favorites, but the fans are wanting "One Night Stand." It’s going to be my urban single. Not going to be, but if we go with it, we'll go with that." The single cover was revealed on February 18, 2011, and shows Hilson wearing a pair of dark sunglasses, a sleeveless jacket and her "No Boys Allowed" necklace. The song was sent for urban airplay on March 8, 2011.
"One Night Stand" is a slow jam R&B and soul ballad produced by Charlie Bereal. Karen Tye from "Adelaide Now" said the song is a "very 90s-sounding R&B ballad", while Aamir Yaqub from Soulculture.co.uk noted that "One Night Stand" has "electric harmonies in its background vocals". Ben Ratliff from "The New York Times" compared the song to Brown's single "Take You Down" (2008). Editors from "Rap-Up" noted that in "One Night Stand", Hilson "takes first verse duties as she alluringly coaxes her man into coming over for a second rendezvous, harmonizing with on the rich chorus before he sings about kissing his girl "from your head to your feet" and treating her like a princess." Chris Parkin of Yahoo! Music remarked that through the song, Hilson asks Brown "what he wants done."
Critical reception.
Mikael Wood from "Entertainment Weekly" suggested that Hilson should make more songs like "One Night Stand". Ken Capobianco of "The Boston Globe" called the song a "soggy duet" and thought it was a bad choice for "No Boys Allowed". Margaret Wappler from "Los Angeles Times" wrote "Listening to Brown lay down a seduction track only conjures the feeling of turning around in a dark parking lot and seeing a big stranger coming up fast." Chad Grischow of IGN Music commented that though Brown's and Hilson's vocals blended well, the pair lacked chemistry.
Music video.
The song's music video was directed by Colin Tilley, and premiered on March 24, 2011. In the video, Brown plays the role of a mechanic. It begins with Hilson lying down with Brown on top of her as he caresses her and they clasp hands. The video then cuts to images of Hilson straddling Brown. As the song's first verse starts, however, they are in separate scenes: Hilson, sporting a black fur coat, is standing in the middle of a dark and smoky street, while Brown, in overalls and a tank top, is underneath a car in an auto garage. Midway through the clip, the two intertwine at an industrial warehouse in matching black outfits and sunglasses. A tag-team dance then ensues. After they both pirouette and dip and dive, Brown towers over Hilson and swings his arms over her as she ducks. She then raises up and swings her arms over Brown, who leans back to avoid Hilson's movements in slowed-down "bullet time" action.
Credits and personnel.
"One Night Stand" was recorded at the Germano Studios in New York City.
Chart performance.
"One Night Stand" debuted on the US Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs at number ninety-eight on the issue dated March 12, 2011. It has since peaked at number nineteen.

</doc>
<doc id="31013521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013521" title="Sandwell Council election, 2007">
Sandwell Council election, 2007

The 2007 Sandwell Council election took place on 3 May 2007 to elect members of Sandwell Metropolitan Borough Council in the West Midlands, England. One third of the council was up for election and the Labour party stayed in overall control of the council.
After the election, the composition of the council was
Campaign.
Before the election Labour ran the council with 50 councillors, compared to 12 for the Conservatives, 5 Liberal Democrats, 4 British National Party and 1 independent. Labour defended 19 of the seats being contested, with the other parties hoping to make gains from Labour.
The British National Party put up 15 candidates, aiming to build on the 3 gains they had made in the 2006 election. The party campaigned on immigration, housing and crime and were hoping to take all 3 seats in Princes End ward for the first time anywhere in the United Kingdom. However the British National Party was accused of "distortion and lies" by Labour and the Conservatives described the British National Party's councillors as an "embarrassment".
In the last couple of days before polling day, the council sent an advertising van around the area to remind voters about the election.
Election result.
The results saw the Labour party easily stay in control of the council, with the Labour leader of the council describing the results as "remarkable". Labour gained one seat from the Conservatives in St Pauls ward to move to 51 seats after winning 20 of the seats contested. The Conservatives also lost a seat in Yew Tree to the Liberal Democrats. They meant both the Conservatives and Liberal Democrats won 2 seats each in the election, with the Conservatives dropping to 10 seats and the Liberal Democrats going up to 6.
The British National Party failed to win any seats, staying on 4 councillors, coming closest to victory in Princes End where they were 20 votes behind Labour. A further seat was vacant after independent councillor Alan Burkitt was automatically disqualified after having been given a suspended sentence.

</doc>
<doc id="31013529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013529" title="Aju Varghese">
Aju Varghese

Biography.
Aju Varghese is an Indian film actor. He made his debut in 2010 in the Malayalam film, "Malarvadi Arts Club" under Vineeth Sreenivasan, which was a Super Hit and since then he is active in the Malayalam film industry. His second collaboration with Vineeth Sreenivasan, "Thattathin Marayathu" (2012), created a bigger mark at the box office and his performance was praised by the audience and critics alike, as it turned out to be a blockbuster.He has acted in some advertisements.
Personal life.
Aju Varghese was born to Er.Vargheese and Er.Celiene in Thiruvalla a City in Pathanamthitta Dist, Kerala.He has a younger sister Anju. Aju is married to Augustina.
Aju did schooling in Rajagiri High School Kalamasserry in Ernakulam. Later he did his schooling from Bhavans Adarsha Vidhyalaya, Ernakulam. He did his Bachelor's in Electronics and Communication Engineering from Hindustan group, Chennai in 2006. He was working with HSBC in Human Resoucres, Chennai.It was During that time he was called by Vineeth Sreenivasan his college friend, to play one of the lead role in his directorial debut "Malarvadi Arts Club" and later in "Thattathin Marayathu". In mean time he was part of "Sevenes" (2011) by veteran director Joshiy and "Mayamohini" which was another blockbuster of 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="31013541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013541" title="Madiun Putra FC">
Madiun Putra FC

Madiun Putra FC (stands for Madiun Putra Football Club) is an Indonesian football club based in Madiun, East Java. Club played in Liga Indonesia First Division and in the next season promotion to Premier Division after finish in sixth placed.

</doc>
<doc id="31013543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013543" title="A Million Wild Acres">
A Million Wild Acres

"A Million Wild Acres: 200 years of man and an Australian forest" is a non-fiction book written by Eric Charles Rolls (1923–2007). It was first published in Melbourne by Nelson in 1981. "A Million Wild Acres" is not just a regional history of what is now known as the Pilliga Scrub, but also a history of European settlement in Australia.
The book won The Age Book of the Year (1981), C.J. Dennis Prize and Talking Book of the Year.
Notes and References.
Watermark Literary Society http://www.watermarkliterarysociety.asn.au/
Wyndham, Susan. Author Rolls dies aged 84 Sydney Morning Herald 02/11/2007 [http://www.smh.com.au/news/books/author-rolls-dies-aged-84/2007/11/02/1193619139020.html]
Hanley, Penelope. Creative lives: personal papers of Australian writers and artists
Mosman Readers: Eric Rolls - A Million Wild Acres 26/01/2009 [http://www.mosmanreaders.net/forum/topics/eric-rolls-a-million-wild]
Rolls later qualified this book's debated overall position on Australian tree densities and land clearing.

</doc>
<doc id="31013554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013554" title="Il bacio di Cirano">
Il bacio di Cirano

Il bacio di Cirano is a 1913 silent Italian drama film directed by Carmine Gallone. It was Gallone's debut film as a director.

</doc>
<doc id="31013562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013562" title="Pseudotanais jonesi">
Pseudotanais jonesi

Pseudotanais jonesi is a species of tanaidacean crustacean.
Description.
Males of "Pseudotanais jonesi" are approximately long, while females are long. There are neither eyes nor ocular lobes on the head. Males are very similar to "P. forcipatus", which is the only other species in the family to occur around the British Isles. In females, the cephalothorax is about 1.5 times as wide as it is long, and is triangular. Both the endopodite and the exopodite of the females' uropods are two-segmented, while males have a three-segmented endopodite.
Distribution.
"Pseudotanais jonesi" has only been discovered at a few sites around the British Isles. It is reported to be "fairly common" off the Isle of Man, where it lives in muddy substrates at depths of ; it also occurs at depths of in Loch Creran and the Lynn of Lorn in western Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="31013577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013577" title="ISIRI 13134">
ISIRI 13134

ISIRI 13134 is a standard published by the Institute of Standards and Industrial Research of Iran (ISIRI) in 2011 based on Directive 80/720/EEC. It defines "Operating space, access to the driving position and the doors and windows of wheeled agricultural or forestry tractors".
Related sources.
Other related sources are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="31013598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013598" title="Aldrin Garcia">
Aldrin Garcia

Aldrin Garcia is an American amateur skateboarder who as of 2011 held the world record for highest Ollie at 45 inches. It was achieved in Las Vegas, Nevada, USA during the Maloof High Ollie Challenge on 15 February 2011. The record is officially recognized by Guinness World Records.
Early life.
Aldrin started skateboarding when he was nine years old when he got a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles skateboard on his birthday.
Skateboarding career.
He is currently sponsored by Powell-Peralta, Bones, Theeve Trucks, Neff headwear, Adio shoes, CMYK, L-R-G, and 9five Eyewear.

</doc>
<doc id="31013599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013599" title="Perssin Sinjai">
Perssin Sinjai

Perssin stands for Perserikatan Sinjai (en: "Sinjai United"). Perssin Sinjai is an Indonesian football club based in Sinjai Regency, South Sulawesi. Club played in Liga Indonesia First Division and in the next season promotion to Premier Division after finish in fifth placed.

</doc>
<doc id="31013607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013607" title="All Over the Place (TV series)">
All Over the Place (TV series)

All Over the Place is a children's television programme produced by the BBC. It is similar in ways to the discontinued programme "Wonderful World of Weird", however "All Over the Place" is not principally a game show. It features the CBBC presenters Ed Petrie, Chris Johnson, Ceallach Spellman, Richard Wisker, Johny Pitts, Barney Harwood, Naomi Wilkinson and Iain Stirling.
Format.
The show features the presenters travelling all over the place in the UK and finding strange and random places to visit. Most of the segments include a competition of some kind or a song. Places visited include:
Episodes.
Series 3.
A third series was confirmed at the end of Series 2, it was filmed in 2012 and aired in 2013. Instead of being set in the U.K, the presenters are going across the Atlantic to the USA.
"All Over the Place" returns to CBBC for a third series, and this time Ed Petrie and his CBBC mates are off to the USA.
Ed is joined by Naomi Wilkinson, Jonny Pitts, Cellach Spellman, Iain Stirling, Richard Wisker and Michelle Ackerley on a bizarre quest
to find the most unusual, strange and amazing places to visit in the United States of America.
All Over the Place USA is executive produced by Louise Corbett and produced by Maria Stewart.
Series 4.
The gang go to Australia

</doc>
<doc id="31013611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013611" title="Reductoniscus costulatus">
Reductoniscus costulatus

Reductoniscus costulatus is a species of woodlouse. In the wild, "R. costulatus" has been found in Mauritius, the Seychelles and Hawaii, including the islands of Oahu and Kauai and Hawaii. It was discovered in the Palm House at the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew in 1948, 1976 and 1988, and has been found in greenhouses across Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="31013618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013618" title="Armenian parliamentary election, 1999">
Armenian parliamentary election, 1999

Parliamentary elections were held in Armenia on 30 May 1999. There were 75 constituency seats and 56 elected on a national basis using proportional representation. The result was a victory for the Unity Bloc, which won 62 of the 131 seats. Overall voter turnout was 51.7%.

</doc>
<doc id="31013627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013627" title="PSGL Gayo Lues">
PSGL Gayo Lues

PSGL stands for Persatuan Ssepakbola Gayo Lues (en: "Football Association of Gayo Lues"). PSGL Gayo Lues is an Indonesian football club based in Gayo Lues Regency, Aceh. Club played in Liga Indonesia First Division in 2010 season and now the club promotion to the Premier Division in the 2011-12 season.

</doc>
<doc id="31013646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013646" title="Soava Gallone">
Soava Gallone

Soava Gallone, née Stanisława Winawerówna (1880 – 30 May 1957) was a Polish and later Italian film actress who appeared in early Italian cinema. She appeared in over 40 films between 1913 and 1931. She was the wife of film director Carmine Gallone.

</doc>
<doc id="31013670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013670" title="Armenian presidential election, 1991">
Armenian presidential election, 1991

Presidential elections were held for the first time in Armenia on 17 October 1991. The result was a victory for Levon Ter-Petrossian, who won 83% of the vote. Turnout was 70%.

</doc>
<doc id="31013679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013679" title="List of Presidents of the Landtag für Württemberg-Hohenzollern">
List of Presidents of the Landtag für Württemberg-Hohenzollern

Presidents of the Landtag für Württemberg-Hohenzollern

</doc>
<doc id="31013693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013693" title="Romano Calò">
Romano Calò

Romano Calò (6 May 1883 – 17 August 1952) was an Italian film actor. He appeared in 30 films between 1913 and 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="31013694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013694" title="Run Away (I Wanna Be with U)">
Run Away (I Wanna Be with U)

"Run Away (I Wanna Be with U)" is a song by American R&B recording artist Nivea, taken from her self-titled debut album. The song, released December 10, 2001, serves as the album's second single. The song features American rapper Pusha T of the highly acclaimed hip hop duo Clipse and was produced by The Neptunes.
Charts.
The track only managed to chart in Australia, where it debuted at #63, and spent two weeks at a peak of #47 a month later.

</doc>
<doc id="31013719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013719" title="St. Spyridon Parish of South East Sydney">
St. Spyridon Parish of South East Sydney

St. Spyridon is the Greek Orthodox presence in the area of South East Sydney. It functions through the authority of the Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of Australia, which derives its jurisdiction from the Ecumenical Patriarch of Constantinople. The parish has the vital responsibility for being the founder and having executive authority over St Spyridon College.

</doc>
<doc id="31013726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013726" title="Cyanea humboldtiana">
Cyanea humboldtiana

Cyanea humboldtiana (formerly "Rollandia humboldtiana") is a rare species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common name Oahu rollandia. It is native to Oahu, where it is known only from the Koʻolau Mountains. It is a federally listed endangered species. Like other "Cyanea" it is known as haha in Hawaiian.
This Hawaiian lobelioid is a shrub reaching 1 to 2 meters in height. It bears magenta or white flowers. There are no more than 300 individuals remaining. They grow along the southern peaks of the Koʻolau Range in the cloud zone. The species is threatened by exotic plants and feral pigs in its habitat.

</doc>
<doc id="31013730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013730" title="2011 Phillip Island Superbike World Championship round">
2011 Phillip Island Superbike World Championship round

The 2011 Phillip Island Superbike World Championship round was the first round of the 2011 Superbike World Championship season. It took place over the weekend of 25–27 February 2011 at the Phillip Island Grand Prix Circuit near Cowes, Victoria, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="31013735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013735" title="Agustín Navarro">
Agustín Navarro

Agustín Navarro (died July 14, 2001) was a Spanish film director. He directed films such as "15 bajo la lona" (1959), "El cerro de los locos" (1960), "Cuidado con las personas formales" (1961), "Una Jaula no tiene secretos" (1962),"Proceso a la ley" (1964), "Cuatro balazos" (1964), "El misterioso señor Van Eyck" (1966), "Camino de la verdad" (1968), "El día de mañana" (1969) and "Enseñar a un sinvergüenza" (1970).

</doc>
<doc id="31013751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013751" title="Spartak Myjava">
Spartak Myjava

Spartak Myjava is a Slovak football team, based in the town of Myjava. The club was founded in 1920.
History.
Spartak Myjava was founded on 8 August 1920 as Športový klub Myjava (ŠK Myjava). ŠK Myjava founder and first president of the local merchant and patron of the club p. Samuel Vráblica. ŠK had since the establishment of white - black striped jerseys, white shorts and black socks. This combination should symbolize the severity and continuity of the male folk costumes town of Myjava At the end of the lease agreement the court, it was necessary to find new space for the new football field. Skillful leadership and community officials agree that a new football stand for generous assistance officials, players and fans will be built on the lands of today's stock company STAS. Opening of new playground of the stadium was held on 6 June 1931. The founding footballers and those who later played out for our memory and the next generation, were: JUDr. Vladimír Valášek, Vladimír Varsík Štefan, Siváček, Karol Pikard, Ernest Hájnik – coach and others. Later Ján Kriška, Pavel Kováč, Štefan Dinga, Štefan Maniaček, Michal Vrána, Michal Dugáček and others.
1937-1938.
A more comprehensive football development occurred in the years 1937 - 1938 the company moved from Tauš Petržalka to Myjava. With this company came and some of its employees and their ranks were also active as a football Jaroslav Pavlák, Jindro Polák, František Pospíšil and others. Then came other good players like Anton Stračár, Jozef Polák, Štefan Gažo and trainer Anton Král. Later he played in a team known Jozef Brún, Štefan Kubíček, Dušan Sadlon, Ján Alina, Ján Juráš and others. This team created the then fought for Myjava division in 1944, the competition was comparable to the former Slovak National League.
1943-1955.
In 1943 the General Assembly decided to ŠK Myjava in order to create better conditions for further development of football to build on top of Myjava sports complex. Building a new grass field was implemented in 1954. The renovation was carried out in 1958, this time for a new approach, putting sod (mačín.) New quality conditions have left a long wait and yielded good results in terms of education more good players. Eg. Vl. Mokrohajský former Baník Ostrava player and national team of Czechoslovakia, Ján Martiš, Ivan Fajnor, Ján Čobrda, Michal Strapatý, Milan Vrána, Milan Zelenák and others. In 1955 the football team added another team of adults and one junior team and a team of students.
1960-1990.
After a considerable slow down of football in 50 years flashed on better times in 1963, juniors under the guidance of coach Ivan Fajnor progressed to I. junior league, and a year later, A-team division in adults. After both teams went down from competitions. Then FO committee, headed by Pavol Černák, led the men's team a former successful representative coach Anton Moravčík and in 1968 advanced to the Regional Championships and juniors under the guidance of coach Štefan Sadloň again in the I. junior league. In this competition, the team stayed in the 1972-73 season, when relegated to the I.A class, later to the I.B class. In the year 1988/89 came to the team coach of the men near the village Vrboviec Miroslav Hainc, to complement and improve the squad and procedures 65.anniversary to higher competition. In the year 1989/90 team is struggling and the following year after the autumn while were at first, but they spring portion failed and after losing at the end of the competition finished in second place for the advancing of Piešťany.
1999-2000.
In the year 1991/92 managed to strengthen the squad. The team has undergone a tender sovereign, when in meetings, won 23, draw 6 and lost the only one meeting and opponents scored 101 goals. So after 5 years, managed to advance to the Division. Coach was Miroslav Hainc. In the year 1995/96, men under the leadership of coach Hainc still managed to end the competition and finished in 3rd place. In the year 1996/97 for the autumn competition after 8.5 years of practice activities completed coaching coach Hainc. The team took over the former men's player of FC Spartak Trnava, Tatran Prešov and Slavia Prague Jaroslav Kravárik with assistant František Sasák. This year's team finished in second place for progressive FK Slovan Duslo Šaľa. The following season 97/98, the team really struggling and ended up in the bottom of the table, but still saved even with very compromised squad to Myjava, III. league. In season 1998/99 is returned to the team coach Hainc. Finally, the Myjava team finished in 9th place and the next season position is repeated. Football in Myjava reported success - older juniors and juniors promoted in first league.
2012 - Corgoň Liga.
The 2012-13 season was Spartak Myjava's first season in the Slovak top division. The first Corgoň Liga match was played on 13 July 2012 against champion from 2011-12 season MŠK Žilina. The premiere Myjava lost 1-4 and consolation goal and historically the first goal in the Corgoň Liga scored defender Roman Častulín.
Rivalries.
Today, Spartak Myjava's biggest rival is near FK Senica, the matches between the two teams are referred to as "záhorácko-kopaničiarske derby". The first derby in the Slovak highest tier, was played on 24 August 2012, "kopaničiari" defeated Senica 1 - 0, goal scored captain Martin Černáček. Spartak Myjava supporters maintain friendly relations with fans of FC Petržalka 1898 and MFK Ružomberok.
Current squad.
"As of 22 March 2014"<br>
"For recent transfers, see List of Slovak football transfers winter 2013-14."

</doc>
<doc id="31013759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013759" title="ISIRI 13133">
ISIRI 13133

ISIRI 13133 is a standard published by the Institute of Standards and Industrial Research of Iran (ISIRI) in 2011 based on Directive 2009/144/EC. It defines "Certain components and characteristics of wheeled agricultural or forestry tractors".
Related sources.
Other related sources are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="31013771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013771" title="Buildings at 375-379 Flatbush Avenue and 185-187 Sterling Place">
Buildings at 375-379 Flatbush Avenue and 185-187 Sterling Place

The buildings at 375-379 Flatbush Avenue and 185-187 Sterling Place are a historic group of four commercial and residential buildings located in the Prospect Heights neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York City. They were built in 1885 and are in the Neo-Grec style with Second Empire elements. The 377-379 Flatbush Avenue building is a 3.5-story masonry structure with a commercial ground floor, apartments above, and a distinctive corner tower with pyramidal roof. It features a mansard roof. The 375 Flatbush Avenue building is a commercial/residential structure identical in form to 377-379 Flatbush Avenue, but without a mansard roof. The 185-187 Sterling Place buildings are two single family row houses built as companions to the other buildings.
The buuildings were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984, and are located within the Prospect Heights Historic District created by the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission in 2009.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="31013806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31013806" title="NGC 474">
NGC 474

NGC 474 is an elliptical galaxy about 100 million light years distant in the constellation Pisces. This large galaxy is known to possess tidal tails, although their origins remain unknown.

</doc>
