<doc id="31120858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31120858" title="Mendocino County GMO Ban">
Mendocino County GMO Ban

Mendocino County, California, was the first jurisdiction in the United States to ban the cultivation, production or distribution of genetically modified organisms (GMOs). The ordinance, entitled Measure H, was passed by referendum on March 2, 2004. Initiated by the group "GMO Free Mendocino", the campaign was a highly publicized grassroots effort by local farmers and environmental groups who contend that the potential risks of GMOs to human health and the ecosystem have not yet been fully understood. The measure was met with opposition by several interest groups representing the biotechnology industry, The California Plant Health Association (now the Western Plant Health Association) and CropLife America, a Washington-based consortium whose clients represent some of the largest food distributors in the nation, including Monsanto, DuPont and Dow Chemical. Since the enactment of the ordinance, Mendocino County has been added to an international list of "GMO free zones." Pre-emptive statutes banning local municipalities from such ordinances have now become widespread with adoption in sixteen states.
Background.
GMOs are commonly considered to be any organism whose DNA has been modified by human intervention. Agricultural practices, however, have long used selective breeding techniques for the same purpose as modern biotechnology. Researchers now define genetically engineered organisms (GEOs) as those that are produced from a range of recombinant DNA technologies, which introduce a transgene into the genome of a host cell. The most widely practiced method involves the use of bacteria, which are able to penetrate the cell membrane of the host. Other methods include a "gene gun" or "biolistic particle delivery system". Recombinant DNA technology allows for the creation of synthetic genes with specific traits that have anthropogenic benefits. The term GEOs will be used here to describe organisms produced by the recombinant DNA technology commonly referred to by usage of the term GMOs.
Environmental concerns.
The geographic and temporal scope of the regulatory debate regarding transgenic organisms and recombinant DNA technology is vast. Environmental risk assessments must weigh unquantifiable long-term risks against high and quantifiable short-term benefits. There is widespread concern amongst environmental groups, organic farmers and the international community that the introduction of transgenic organisms into local ecosystems may cause irreversible loss of biodiversity when the new synthetic strains become predominant. Further concern comes from members of the medical community who warn of the risk that the antibiotics used in the production of many GEOs may give rise to more resistant strains of bacteria. While the scientific community generally acknowledges the possibility of these risks, the scenarios are hard to quantify, particularly in a Risk-Cost Benefit Analysis (RCBA) model commonly used in public policy.
Proponents of the technology dispute many of these findings or the significance of the risk factors. They generally contend that the GE strains have no further evolutionary advantage than any other new strain introduced into a local ecosystem and that they behave in the same way. They also cite less need for pesticides than conventional non-organic crops. Opponents, by contrast, adhere to the precautionary principle, which advocates waiting until further study is done and puts the burden of proof on the producer to prove that their productive activities are no threat to the environment or human health before continuing. The precautionary principle has become the foundation of environmental policy for the EU.
Causes.
The promulgation of agricultural biotechnology follows a trajectory that began in what is commonly referred to as the "green revolution". In the twentieth century, industrial methods were increasingly applied to agriculture for the mass production of monocultures, large tracts of land used for the production of single high yield crops with the use of fertilizers and pesticides. The actual physical problem GEOs seek to address, most commonly, is the destruction of crops from pests. The gradual shift towards monoculture has increased the frequency and severity of pest invasion and infestation because of the lack of agricultural diversity. Many pests that threaten different crops are natural predators to each other, which helps to offset their impacts. When many miles of the same crop are planted, however, it leaves the local habitat more vulnerable to the threat of single pest.
GEOs have brought short-term benefits in the control of pests by having genetically programmed immunities to the pesticides that are produced to be used along with them, such as the well-known post-emergence herbicide Roundup produced by Monsanto. The primary forces that are driving the production of GEOs, however, are social and economic. GEOs are the latest development in the drive to produce higher yields with less inputs, according to the profit maximization model. Proponents of the technology see it as an answer to growing food shortages in the face of rising global population. They also cite potential benefits, such as the creation of more healthy strains of produce, aquaculture or livestock, with higher nutrient content and less fat. Opponents of GEOs, however, argue that world hunger is caused by economic and political dynamics rather than scarcity so regardless of whether the yield is increased, the produce will not to flow through the supply chain to those in need.
Policy.
According to the ordinance, it is "unlawful for any person, firm, or corporation to propagate, cultivate, raise, or grow genetically modified organisms in Mendocino County." The measure is careful to define transgenic-organisms as dependent on biotechnology as opposed to traditional methods of selective breeding. It also excludes micro-organisms from the prohibition. The complex geographic and spatial dimensions of the issue are highlighted by the fact that the ordinance only affects unincorporated areas of the county. City, state, federal and tribal lands are exempt from the prohibition and are free to grow and distribute GEOs.
Measure H uses the traditional regulatory approach as its only policy tool. The policy targets are producers or distributors of genetically engineered organisms. Ostensibly, the farming industry is the stakeholder primarily targeted, though the law affects any person or entity. Due to the recognized inability to limit all GEO propagation within geographical proximity to the unincorporated areas affected by the law, the policy goals are rather to limit the expansion of the biotechnology industry in the county and to make it harder for seed companies to sell GE seed to local farmers. According to Andrew Kimbrall of the Center for Food Safety, who backed the measure stated that local municipalities have "no alternative but to try to halt" the spread of GE crops. In this context, the purpose is not to completely eradicate any GEOs in the county but rather to counteract the prevailing trend of the agricultural industry.
History.
The "GMO Free Mendocino" campaign was started by Els Cooperrider, a retired cancer researcher and founding member of the "The Mendocino Organic Network." Initially, the coalition sought to enact local legislation requiring the labeling of GEO products. However, since national efforts to push for labeling had been largely unsuccessful it was decided to advocate the prohibition of GEO production and propagation within county limits instead.
A biotechnology affiliated trade group named "The California Plant Health Association" (CHPA) filed a lawsuit against Mendocino County to change the language of the measure. They sought to remove mention of the possibility that wineries could lose European markets since no transgenic grapes were on the market at the time. When it was discovered, however, that regulators had already received thirty applications for laboratory tests of transgenic grapes, California Supreme Court Judge Leanorad LaCasse ruled against the plaintiff on December 30, 2003 and the text of the ballot remained.
More money was spent on Measure H than any other ballot in Mendocino County’s history. In total, "No on H" supporters spent over $700,000, with $600,000 of it coming from Croplife America. The "Yes on H" coalition raised $135,000 by the end of the campaign. The measure passed by 57% of the vote and was portrayed in the media as a "David vs. Goliath" battle between a small grassroots coalition of community activists and a deep pocketed special interest group in Washington.
Stakeholders.
Mendocino County’s measure H highlights a localized battle of stakeholders over a contentious public policy debate that is international in scope. The organic farming industry is the fastest growing sector of the US agricultural market. It accounts for approximately one third of Mendocino’s agriculture, the majority of which consists of wineries. The organic farming industry in California has been the most organized lobby against GMOs due to concerns about cross-pollination. Patented strains of "Roundup Ready" seed, which are resistant to the pesticide "Roundup" produced by Monsanto, have been found to disperse onto neighboring farms, creating legal battles over proprietary rights such as the famous test case in the Canadian Supreme Court, Monsanto Canada Inc. v. Schmeiser.
With a growing demand for organic products in European and Japanese markets, the prospect of cross-pollination is perceived as a significant economic threat to the organic industry. Mendocino’s wine industry was especially concerned about losing Japanese markets and have since used the ordinance as a marketing tool. The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) has assured organic farmers that they will not lose their certification if contamination occurs. This has not erased the perception that the integrity of their industry and the ecosystems that they are dependent upon are at risk by the gradual introduction of GEOs.
Measure H’s passing was considered a victory for environmental groups and the local organic farming industry and brought Mendocino international attention. Sharp criticism, however, came from industry insiders who have accepted widespread adoption of GEOs. According to rancher and Mendocino County Farm Bureau Director Peter Bradford, the measure was motivated by "a fear of science and big corporations" Nationwide, 90% of the soybean, 73% of corn and 87% of cotton produced in the US come from genetically engineered seed. The largest financial sector of the industry views biotechnology as the natural progression of trade techniques, which have passed adequate safety standards. The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and USDA have so far agreed. The FDA drafted new guidelines in 1991 stating that GEOs and non-GEOs were "substantially equivalent." This rule-making was crafted by Mike Taylor, who was later appointed by President Barack Obama to head the White House’s Food Safety Working Group in 2009. Taylor represented Monsanto as an attorney in the 1980s, and also worked at the FDA and the USDA. His appointment was criticized by many environmental groups as evidence of on-going federal collusion with major agribusiness.
Board of Supervisors
Table-1
The trend towards federal deregulation of GEOs leaves local municipalities facing a much tougher challenge in prohibiting them. Jurisdictional issues bring into question the legal standing of county ordinances regulating GEOs. Federal pre-emption statutes may override them if challenged. GE crops are regulated by the EPA under the pesticide guidelines in FIFRA (Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act) according to which "…a state shall not impose any requirements for labeling or packaging in addition to or different from those under" FIFRA. Some legal experts contend that any regulation of GEOs must take place at the federal level because of this statute.
Since the passage of measure H, counties in California followed Mendocino’s example with eight similar initiatives making it to the ballots. Of the eight counties that voted on anti-GEO initiatives, four passed and four were defeated. In addition, eleven counties passed pro-GEO ordinances banning their prohibition. Table-1 lists the counties and their voting percentages.
In 2005, state senator Dean Florez attempted to pass a state preemptive bill prohibiting counties from banning GEOs. The bill passed in the assembly but got stalled in the senate where it had previously passed. California remains a challenging regulatory environment for GE producers and the farmers who wish to use their seed. The Federal District Court of Northern California has undergone a protracted regulatory battle with the USDA regarding two crops in particular, GE Alfafa and GE Sugar Beets. In 2005, the USDA had deregulated Roundup Ready Alfalfa (RRA). Two years later, in response to a lawsuit filed by Earthjustice and the Center for Food Safety, the district court ruled that the deregulation was in violation of the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) because an environmental impact statement (EIS) had not been done. In Geertson Farms Inc., et al. v. Mike Johanns, et al., Judge Charles R. Breyer imposed an injunction on planting any further seed.
In June 2010, the Supreme Court overturned the injunction, stating that it was unnecessary because the USDA’s deregulation was, in fact, in violation of NEPA and thus there was no legal standing to plant the seed in the first place obviating the need for an injunction. It was ordered that an EIS be done, which was projected to be complete in 2012. Another injunction was ordered by Judge Jeffrey White against the planting of GE sugar beets in August 2010. When it was discovered that GE sugar beets had been planted in September, in violation of the injunction, Judge White ordered the destruction of the crops. It was the first time that GEO crops were ever ordered to be destroyed by a US court. Farmers in the sugar beet industry reported that there was not enough non-GE seed left. The government warned that the US was faced with a potential 20% reduction in sugar production. On February 4, 2011, at the request of Monsanto and a German seed company named KWS, the USDA proceeded with a "partial deregulation" that will allow planting to continue until the EIS is complete and a final ruling is made.
Local environmental activists were dismayed by this decision and took it as a defeat. The partial deregulation requires farmers of GE seed to take measures to prevent cross-pollination. They are not allowed to plant within three miles of non-GE crops, for instance, and they are subject to government inspections. Opponents of the decision contend that these protections will be inadequate. The ruling came the day after a consortium of the nation's largest organic food distributors including Whole Foods, Organic Valley and Stonyfield Farm, agreed to no longer oppose the propagation of RRA and GE crops in general.
Evaluation.
As yet, there is little available data on the outcome of the measure. It has remained on the books and has continued to be enforced within its jurisdictional boundaries. Appropriate measures of evaluation stem from the measure’s stated goals "The people of Mendocino County wish to protect the county’s agriculture, environment, economy, and private property from genetic pollution by genetically modified organisms." This policy goal lacks definition of the term "genetic pollution". Taken at face value, from an empirical standpoint, it could be seen as having failed in that GEOs certainly have migrated across jurisdictional boundaries. Many commercial food products contain GEOs, which residents of the county have been buying unknowingly since there are still no federal laws requiring their labeling. GE corn products, in particular, have become ubiquitous as additives in food processing. Furthermore, since the term "genetic pollution" is left undefined, even if cross-pollination has occurred, whether nor not it is considered pollution will vary according to the stakeholder.
In the broader sense of the policy’s purpose as a political tool to impede the advancement of the biotechnology industry and the spread of "GE crops" generally, the ensuing nationwide regulatory debate over jurisdictional issues with similar county prohibitions could be seen as a success. Mendocino is now cited internationally as a center of the organic movement and a catalyst for anti-GEO movements that have, in some cases impeded their growth, particularly in California where GE crops have actually been ordered to be destroyed by a federal judge.
Civic agriculture.
Mendocino is famous for being a bastion of rural counter-culture where many liberal activists and members of California’s hippie generation led a "back to the land movement" during the 1970s. The Measure H campaign reaffirmed these sensibilities and has been studied as an example of "civic agriculture." The agenda-setting phase of the policy cycle was highly localized. Public policy experts and social historians contend that the implications of the "GMO free Mendocino" movement were beyond the empirical basis of the ordinance or the larger political debate regarding GEOs.
The social forces animating the conflict were embedded in localized rural values of stewardship and decentralization. The community’s self conception as a synthesis of its counter-cultural legacy and rural working class ethos fostered a powerful sense of local collective action that was pitted against the perception of top down "command and control" of local agriculture by a distant monolithic nexus of multinational power.

</doc>
<doc id="31120861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31120861" title="2011 Asian Men's Club Volleyball Championship">
2011 Asian Men's Club Volleyball Championship

The 2011 Asian Men’s Club Volleyball Championship was the 12th staging of the AVC Club Championships. The tournament was held in Sriwijaya Sport Hall, Palembang, South Sumatra, Indonesia.
Pools composition.
The teams are seeded based on their final ranking at the 2010 Asian Men's Club Volleyball Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="31120877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31120877" title="Machold Rare Violins">
Machold Rare Violins

Machold Rare Violins, domiciled in Bremen, was the global market leader in the historic string instruments trade. The company was established in 1861 in Markneukirchen as a violin manufacturer. The owner was Dietmar Harry Joachim Machold, born in 1949 and resident at Schloss Eichbüchl bei Katzelsdorf. Machold had branch establishments in Vienna, Zurich (Geigenbau Machold GmbH and Cadenza AG), Alpnach (Bomalu AG), Bremen, Berlin, New York City, Aspen, Chicago, Seoul and Tokyo, buying and selling, among others, Stradivari and del Gesù violins. In 2001, Machold Rare Violins sold a violin built by del Gesù for 1.6 million US-Dollars to a group of sixteen investors. In the spring of 2007, Machold obtained a price of more than 10 million Euros for four Stradivari violins.
Insolvency proceedings.
Personal bankruptcy.
On October 22, 2010, Dietmar Machold initiated a restructuring proceeding with self-administration with regard to his private assets. On December 1, 2010, the court revoked his right to self-administer his assets. On December 29, 2010, the court appointed a committee of creditors and the proceedings were altered to include insolvency proceedings. The business was ordered to be closed down on February 4, 2011.
Company insolvency.
On October 29, 2010, Dietmar Machold initiated a restructuring proceeding with self-administration with regard to his company assets. For this, the court revoked his right to self-administer his assets on November 23, 2010. The company was ordered to be closed down on December 21, 2010 and the proceedings were altered to include insolvency proceedings.
Arrest.
Dietmar Machold was arrested in Switzerland in March 2011. He was accused of embezzlement and grand commercial fraud, among other things. A further reason for his arrest is the fact that Machold has settled in Switzerland instead of remaining in Austria.

</doc>
<doc id="31120895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31120895" title="2011 Asian Women's Club Volleyball Championship">
2011 Asian Women's Club Volleyball Championship

The 2011 Asian Women's Club Volleyball Championship was the 12th staging of the AVC Club Championships. The tournament was held in Vĩnh Phúc Gymnasium, Vĩnh Yên, Vĩnh Phúc Province, Vietnam.
Pools composition.
The teams are seeded based on their final ranking at the 2010 Asian Women's Club Volleyball Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="31120896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31120896" title="John Burton (scholar)">
John Burton (scholar)

John Burton, D.D. (1696-1771) was an English clergyman and academic, a theological and classical scholar.
Life.
Burton was born at Wembworthy, Devon, where his father Samuel Burton was rector. He was educated partly at Okehampton and Blundell's School, Tiverton in his native county, and partly at Ely, where he was placed on his father's death by the Rev. Samuel Bentham, the first cousin of his mother. In 1713 he was elected as a scholar of Corpus Christi College, Oxford, and took his degree of B. A. on 27 June 1717, shortly after which he became the college tutor. He proceeded M.A. 24 March 1720-1, was elected probationary fellow 6 April following, and admitted actual fellow 4 April 1723.
As college tutor he acquired a great reputation. Particulars of his teaching are set out in his friend Edward Bentham's 'De Vita et Moribus Johannis Burtoni . . . epistola ad Robertum Lowth,' 1771. In logic and metaphysics he passed from Robert Sanderson and Jean Le Clerc to John Locke; in ethics from Aristotle to Puffendorf's abridgment and Sanderson's lectures. Twice a week he lectured on Xenophon and Demosthenes, and occasionally he taught on some Latin author. It was through Burton that the study of Locke was introduced into the schools, and he printed for the use of the younger students a double series of philosophical questions, with references to the authors to be consulted under each head. A set of exercises which he gave the undergraduates of his college for employment during the long vacation was printed under the title of 'Sacræ Scripturæ locorum quorundam versio metrica,' 1736.
For the Oxford University Press he obtained a gift from John Rolle, and a legacy from Dr. Walter Hodges, the Provost of Oriel College. Through the circumstance that Burton had been tutor to a son of Dr. Henry Bland, a fellowship at Eton College was bestowed on him on 17 August 1733, and when the vicarage of Mapledurham became vacant by the death of Dr. Edward Littleton on 16 November 1733, Burton was nominated thereto by the college and inducted on 9 March 1734. Dr. Littleton had married a daughter of Barnham Goode, under-master of Eton School, and left her a widow 'with three infant daughters, without a home, without a fortune.' The new vicar allowed the family to remain for a time in their old home, and the story runs that 'some time after a neighbouring clergyman happened to call and found Mrs. Littleton shaving John Burton.' At this sight the visitor remonstrated with his clerical friend, and the result was that 'Burton proposed marriage and was accepted.' Burton devoted much of his income to improving the parsonage and the glebe lands.
His other university degrees were M.A. in 1720, B.D. in 1729, and D.D. in 1752. On 1 February 1766, towards the close of his life, he quitted the vicarage of Mapledurham for the rectory of Worplesdon in Surrey - he was instrumental in the building of the embanked causeway, including investing local church funds, for the main Woking road over the River Wey at the Woodbridge, Guildford so that his parishioners might travel to Guildford in all seasons. A year or two later he was seized by fever, but he still lingered on.
His death occurred on 11 February 1771, and he was buried at the entrance to the inner chapel at Eton, precisely in the centre under the organ-loft.
His mother took as her second husband Dr. John Bear, rector of Shermanbury, Sussex. She died on 23 April 1755, aged 80; her husband on 9 March 1762, aged 88; and in 1767 her son erected a monument to their memory. Dr. Burton's wife died in 1748.
Works.
Throughout his life Burton poured forth tracts and sermons; most of the sermons are reprinted in 'Occasional Sermons preached before the University of Oxford,' 1764–6. Many of his Latin tracts and addresses are in his 'Opuscula Miscellanea Theologica,' 1748–61, or in the volume 'Opuscula Miscellanea Metrico-Prosaica,' 1771.
He contributed to the "Weekly Miscellany" a series of papers on 'The Genuineness of Lord Clarendon's History of the Rebellion—Mr. Oldmixon's Slander confuted,' which was subsequently enlarged and printed separately at Oxford in 1744. The circumstances which led to their production are set out in Samuel Johnson's "Lives of the Poets" in the life of Edmund Smith: George Duckett had misled John Oldmixon, to the effect that Smith had been employed by Francis Atterbury and others to garble Lord Clarendon's history before it was published.
Burton was fond of jokes. One or two of them can be found in S. Pegge's "Anonymiana" (1809, pp. 384–5), and an allusion to Ralph Allen provoked William Warburton to insert in the 1749 edition of the 'Dunciad' (book iv., verse 443) a caustic note on Burton, which was subsequently omitted at the request of Thomas Hayter. While at Mapledurham he wrote 'The present State of the Navigation of the River Thames considered, with certain regulations proposed,' 1765; second edition 1767.
In 1758 he issued a volume, 'Πενταλογία, sive tragœdiarum Græcarum Delectus,' which was reissued with additional observations by Thomas Burgess in 1779.
Burton made frequent visits to his mother in Sussex, and in 1752 described his journey there in 'Όδοιπορούντος Μελεθήματα, sive iter Surriense et Sussexiense.' Numerous extracts from this tour were printed in the 'Sussex Archaeological Collections,' viii. 250–65. His Latin poem, 'Sacerdos Parœcialis Rusticus,' was issued in 1757, and a translation by Dawson Warren of Edmonton came out in 1800.
Politics and religion.
Though Burton was a Tory in politics, he was as extreme as William King of St. Mary Hall, and he criticised, as 'Phileleutherus Londinensis,' the speech which King delivered at the dedication of the Radcliffe Library, 13 April 1749. King thereupon retorted with a fierce 'Elogium famæ inserviens Jacci Etonensis; or the praises of Jack of Eton, commonly called Jack the Giant,' with a dissertation on 'the Burtonic style,' and left behind him in his 'Anecdotes of his own Times' several stinging references to Burton.
An oration which Burton delivered at Oxford in 1763 gave him the opportunity for an attack on John Wilkes, whereupon Charles Churchill, in the 'Candidate' (verse 716 et seq.), retaliated with sneers at his 'new Latin and new Greek,' and his 'pantomime thoughts and style so full of trick.'
A Latin letter by Burton to a friend, or a 'commentariolus' of Archbishop Thomas Secker, attracted attention, and was criticised by Archdeacon Francis Blackburne on behalf of the latitudinarians, and by Philip Furneaux for the nonconformists in his 'Letters to Blackstone.'
When the settling of the Province of Georgia was a live issue, he took an active role, and published in 1764 'An Account of the Designs of the late Dr. Bray, with an Account of their Proceedings,' a tract often reprinted, on the episcopalian Thomas Bray.
Role in the Founding of Georgia.
Burton was recruited by James Oglethorpe, whom he had met at Oxford, to lay plans for a new colony in America. The initiative, which envisioned a model colony founded on humanistic principles, was taken up in 1730 by a philanthropic group known as the Associates of Dr. Thomas Bray. The group applied for a royal charter, which was granted in 1732. The charter created the Trustees for the Establishment of the Colony of Georgia in America, and Burton was named in the charter as a founding Trustee. Given Burton’s close relationship with Oglethorpe it is likely he participated in framing the elaborate design of its economic system and settlement plan (see The Oglethorpe Plan). The humanistic principles upon which Georgia was founded were underscored in the Trustees’ first annual sermon, which was delivered by Burton. Burton described the new colony as one where colonists would “seem in a literal sense to begin the world again.” Leaving behind an Old World system that offered little opportunity, they would become part of a new society that would reward hard work and personal virtue. In the sermon, Burton also articulated a policy of “equity and beneficence” toward indigenous Americans.

</doc>
<doc id="31120905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31120905" title="Underwater Love (film)">
Underwater Love (film)

Plot.
Asuka, a woman in her thirties, works in a lakeside fish factory. She’s about to be married to her boss, Taki. But one day, she encounters a kappa – a water sprite found in Japanese folklore – and learns that the creature is in fact the reborn form of Aoki, an old crush who’d drowned to death when they were 17.

</doc>
<doc id="31120906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31120906" title="Sin Jun-bae">
Sin Jun-bae

Sin Jun-Bae (; born 26 October 1985) is a South Korean footballer who plays as goalkeeper.
He was arrested on the charge connected with the match fixing allegations on 29 May 2011. On 17 June 2011, his football career was rescinded by the Korea Professional Football League with other accomplices.

</doc>
<doc id="31120907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31120907" title="Cuttack railway station">
Cuttack railway station

Cuttack junction railway station serves Cuttack, in the Indian state of Odisha.
History.
During the period 1893 to 1896, of East Coast State Railway was built and opened to traffic. It necessitated construction of some of the largest bridges across rivers like Brahmani, Kathajodi, Kuakhai, Mahanadi (Longet river of odisha)and Birupa. Cuttack station is connected indian railway network in 1899.
Railway Organization.
The Cuttack station is operating under Khurda road Division of East Coast Railway. 
<br><br>
Trains Operating at Cuttack.
Click Here for the List of Trains Operating at Cuttack Railway Station
Busy station.
Cuttack railway station is amongst the top hundred booking stations of Indian Railway.

</doc>
<doc id="31120917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31120917" title="Allophorocera ferruginea">
Allophorocera ferruginea

Allophorocera ferruginea is a species of fly in the family Tachinidae. 

</doc>
<doc id="31120928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31120928" title="Three Stations">
Three Stations

Three Stations is a crime novel by Martin Cruz Smith set in Russia circa 2010. It is the seventh novel to feature Detective-Investigator Arkady Renko, published 29 years after the initial novel of the Renko series, "Gorky Park".
Plot.
The title refers to the three Moscow railway stations, Leningrad Station, Kazansky Station and Yaroslavl Station situated on Komsomolskaya Square, also often referred to as Three Stations Square.
A teenage mother arrives at Three Stations, but her baby is stolen. The only person to help her is Zhenya, the young chess hustler who is a sometime ward of Arkady Renko, the police investigator. Meanwhile, Arkady tries to prove that the overdose death of a young prostitute in the station is nothing of the sort, and is suspended for his trouble. A billionaire casino owner with financial troubles offers to hire Arkady, but the latter can trust no-one. Thugs, dwarves, ballerinas, Central Asians and a gang of homeless tweens complicate matters still further.

</doc>
<doc id="31120936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31120936" title="The Fleet Street Murders">
The Fleet Street Murders

The Fleet Street Murders, by Charles Finch, is the mystery set in London and in northern England in 1867 during the Victorian era. It is the third novel in the Charles Lenox series.
Plot summary.
While gentleman and amateur detective Charles Lenox is celebrating his engagement to his best friend and neighbor Lady Jane Grey, two journalists are murdered simultaneously across London. Lenox starts to involve himself in this strange case despite hostility from Scotland Yard, but soon must leave it behind to travel to Stirrington, in northern England, where he is running for a seat in Parliament. Once at Stirrington, he has to overcome local suspicion of an outsider, and faces a shock when Lady Jane sends him a letter casting doubt on their upcoming marriage. Meanwhile in London, the police have arrested two unlikely suspects. Lenox races back and forth between London and Stirrington to solve the crime, face the results of the election, and save his imperiled engagement. In the process, he discovers that the culprit is an old nemesis.
Awards and recognition.
"The Fleet Street Murders" was nominated for the Nero Award in 2010.
Publication history.
"The Fleet Street Murders"', was first published in hardcover by St. Martin’s Minotaur and released on November 10, 2009. A large print edition was published by Center Point Publishing on December 1, 2009. The trade paperback was released on July 20, 2010.
Literary criticism.
Finch received favorable reviews in several major newspapers. Marilyn Stasio of the New York Times called "The Fleet Street Murders" "a beguiling Victorian mystery an amiable gentleman sleuth cut from the same fine English broadcloth as Dorothy L. Sayers’s Lord Peter Wimsey." The Richmond Times-Dispatch praised the book, saying that "this third entry in Finch’s series shows the author at his confident best, with a well-conceived story [and an honorable and amiable hero."

</doc>
<doc id="31120942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31120942" title="Child Maintenance Options">
Child Maintenance Options

Child Maintenance Options is an information and support service that gives free and impartial help to separating or separated parents in Great Britain so they can make informed choices about child maintenance.
The service discusses the different options available to separated and separating families regarding child maintenance.
About the service.
Child Maintenance Options gives separated parents the information they need to put in place the maintenance agreement most suited to their needs. This could be a family-based arrangement (also called private agreement), an arrangement made under the UK government’s statutory child maintenance scheme (currently managed by the Child Support Agency, or CSA) or one enforced by a court Consent Order (or Minute of Agreement in Scotland).
It also has a variety of tools on its website to help separated parents make family-based arrangements. These include a discussion guide, a family-based arrangement pack, video case studies from parents who have used the service and a range of leaflets.
The service can also give customers an estimated calculation of the amount of maintenance that would be payable if they used the CSA. The estimate is based on the CSA’s own formula, which takes account of factors like shared care, income and other children. Parents can use their estimate as the basis for working out an appropriate maintenance amount between themselves. The service also has an online child maintenance calculator that anyone can use.
The service also helps with a range of wider separation issues like housing, childcare, legal issues and debt and has links to other organisations and support services that it recommends to customers.
As well as separated and separating parents, the service is available to grandparents and other relatives and friends of separated families, people with a professional interest in finding out more about child maintenance, and others.
History of Child Maintenance Options.
In July 2006, Sir David Henshaw reported on his findings following the fundamental review of the UK’s child support systems that he had carried out over the previous six months.
One of the Henshaw Report’s recommendations was that any government strategy on child support should include as one of its key principles the provision of information and support to help parents meet their child maintenance responsibilities.
The Child Maintenance and Enforcement Commission was established in 2008 and is currently responsible for the child maintenance system in Great Britain. It has a primary objective to maximise the number of effective child maintenance arrangements in place and a statutory duty to provide an information and guidance service. Child Maintenance Options was launched in July 2008 to meet this statutory duty.
Around 200 experts work at Child Maintenance Options answering people’s queries on the phone, by e-mail or providing face-to-face support when needed.
In 2010, Child Maintenance Options ran a national promotional campaign, involving TV, radio, online and print advertising. This generated 66,500 calls to the service showing a growing demand for this type of support.
Impact of Child Maintenance Options.
As of September 2010, Child Maintenance Options had handled more than 500,000 successful contacts (defined as a meaningful conversation about child maintenance) and had more than a million hits on its website.
As at March 2011 around 91,000 children were benefiting from a family-based arrangement set up by separated parents after contact with the service.
The success of the Options service was further demonstrated in 2010 by its success in winning the Contact Centre Association Global Service Excellence award for Best Outsourcing Partnership, as well as being shortlisted to the final three for the Best Public Service award at the 2010 Civil Service Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="31120944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31120944" title="Ambrose Ussher">
Ambrose Ussher

Ambrose Ussher (1582?–1629) was an Irish Protestant clergyman and scholar, a fellow of Trinity College, Dublin and rector in the Church of Ireland, known as a biblical translator.
Life.
Born in Dublin about 1582, he was third but second surviving son of Arland Ussher and his wife Margaret. James Ussher, archbishop of Armagh, was his elder brother. He is said to have been for a time at Cambridge. He graduated M.A. and was elected fellow of the recently established Trinity College, Dublin. 
He became learned in Hebrew and Arabic. Among his correspondents was Henry Briggs, the mathematician. His career as a fellow was interrupted when he had to be constrained because of his madness, and he died young.
Ussher died at Dublin, unmarried, and was buried on 4 March 1629. 
Works.
Before the completion of the Authorised Version of the Bible, Ussher prepared a translation from the original Hebrew, which he dedicated to James I, with the fond, but unlikely hope that the King wanted as many English translations of the bible as possible. It remained in manuscript in three volumes in the library of Trinity College, Dublin. His translation is significantly less anachronistic than the Authorized Version - lust instead of concupiscence, for example - and was a genuinely original work, based on Hebrew and Greek texts, but, that said, it was clearly dependent upon earlier English translations. The only work he published was a ‘Brief Catechism very well serving for the Instruction of Youth,’ printed at Dublin without date. He left, however, thirty-four works in manuscript, preserved in Trinity College, Dublin. They included volumes of sermons, commentaries on scripture, and notes on classical authors. Besides the translation of the Bible, they included:

</doc>
<doc id="31120946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31120946" title="Compa-ratio">
Compa-ratio

The formula commonly used by compensation professionals to assess the competitiveness of an employee’s pay level involves calculating a ‘“compa-ratio’”. Compa-ratio is the short form for Comparative ratio.
Calculation.
Compa-ratio is calculated as the employee’s current salary divided by the current market rate as defined by the company’s competitive pay policy. Compa-Ratios are position specific. Each position has a salary range that includes a minimum, a midpoint, and a maximum. These three values represent industry averages for the position. A Compa-Ratio of 1.00 or 100% means that the employee is paid exactly what the industry average pays and is at the midpoint for the salary range, A ratio of 0.75 means that the employee is paid 25% below the industry average and is at the risk of seeking employment with competitors at a higher pay that is perceived equitable. A ratio of 1.15 compa-ratio would mean the employee is paid above the industry average.
Types of Compa-ratios.
Individual compa-ratio.
The "individual compa-ratio", which describes the individual's position in the pay range against the pay policy reference point for the range and can be used to reposition an individual's pay in the range if it is too high or low.
Group Compa-ratio.
The "group compa-ratio", which quantifies the relationship between practice and policy for the whole organization or a defined population group (function, department, occupation or job family). It is a calculation of the sum of actual pay as a percentage of the sum of job reference point rates. This ratio has an important part to play in the overall pay management process. It can be used to establish how pay policy has been implemented overall and identify differences between parts of the organization which may indicate problems in the policy itself or in the way it has been implemented by managers. It can also be used to plan and control pay budgets.
Average Compa-ratio.
The "average compa-ratio", which is the sum of each individual's compa-ratio divided by the number of individuals. It is therefore not the same as a group compa-ratio which is based on the relationship between the sums of actual rates of pay and the sums of job reference points of pay. The average compa-ratio can therefore differ from the group compa-ratio according to the spread of individual compa-ratios at different job sizes. The group ratio is more frequently used.
Interpretation of Compa-ratios.
Compa-ratios establish differences between policy and practice. The reasons for such differences need to be established. They may be attributable to one or more of the following factors:
Some differences may be entirely justified, others may need action such as accelerating or decelerating increases or exercising greater control over ratings and pay reviews

</doc>
<doc id="31120950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31120950" title="Masahiro Momitani">
Masahiro Momitani

Masahiro Momitani (born June 2, 1981) is a Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31120951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31120951" title="Lee Jung-won">
Lee Jung-won

Lee Jung-Won (; born 27 July 1989) is a South Korean footballer who plays as full back for Daejeon Citizen in the K-League.
On 17 June 2011, his football career was rescinded by the Korea Professional Football League with other accomplices.

</doc>
<doc id="31120957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31120957" title="Oman Tribune">
Oman Tribune

Oman Tribune is a popular English-language newspaper in Oman, based in Muscat.
It is the most popular English newspaper among high income, policy-making Omani, and in the diplomatic community. It offers both local and international content by correspondents in Pakistan, Amsterdam and New Delhi.
The "Oman Tribune" additionally aggregates articles and graphics from "The New York Times", "Harvard Business Review", McClatchy Tribune News Service, Graphic News, and other news sources.
It is available by subscription for home delivery.

</doc>
<doc id="31120965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31120965" title="Chinna Kodur">
Chinna Kodur

Chinna Kodur () is a Mandal headquarters in Medak district of Andhra Pradesh, India. This village has a significant role in local as well as state politics. 
According to 2001 census:
Ananthasagar.
Shri Saraswathi Kshetramu is a famous Hindu Temple of Goddess Saraswati located in the Ananthasagar, Chinna Kodur Mandal, Siddipet Division, Medak district of Andhra Pradesh. The temple was built from 1980 to 1990 by Sri Astakala Narasimha Rama Sharma. It is the only statue of Saraswati in standing position holding Veena in the whole world.
Villages.
The villages in Chinnakodur mandal includes: Allipur, Ananthasagar, Chandlapur, Chelkalapally, Cherlankireddipalle, Chinna Kodur, Chowdaram, Gangapur, Gonepalle, Gopulapur, Gurralagondi, Ibrahimnagar, Jakkapur, Kasturipally, Kistapur, Kothuripalle, Machapur, Mailaram, Malyal, Mandapalle, Matendlu, Matindla, Medipalle, Pedda Kodur, Ramancha, Ramuni Patla, Sikindlapur, Vittalpur etc.. 

</doc>
<doc id="31120978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31120978" title="1997 DFB-Ligapokal">
1997 DFB-Ligapokal

The 1997 DFB-Ligapokal was the inaugural DFB Liga-Pokal, a pre-season competition in Germany. The Ligapokal was an extended Supercup, including the reigning League champions, Cup winners, plus the next four highest placed teams in the previous season's Bundesliga. It was won by Bayern Munich, the 1996–97 Fußball-Bundesliga champions, who beat 1996–97 DFB-Pokal winners VfB Stuttgart in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="31120985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31120985" title="List of Prime Ministers of Tanganyika">
List of Prime Ministers of Tanganyika

This page contains a list of Prime Ministers of Tanganyika, which merged with Zanzibar in 1964 to become Tanzania.

</doc>
<doc id="31120988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31120988" title="Bill Devan">
Bill Devan

William Gemmell "Bill" Devan (23 February 1909 – 12 December 1966) was a Scottish professional footballer. He played as an inside forward in the Football League, Scottish Football League and Irish Football League. He played four games, scoring once, during Watford's run in the 1937 Football League Third Division South Cup, but did not play in the final itself. He retired due to injury in 1938, but returned to Watford as a coach in 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="31120990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31120990" title="Hisham Kamal El-Din El-Hennawy">
Hisham Kamal El-Din El-Hennawy

Hisham Kamal El-Din El-Hennawy (19 December 1955, Mansoura, Egypt –) is an Egyptian arachnologist and forensic scientist
Life, study and work.
He was born December 19, 1955 in Mansoura city, in the Dakahlia Governorate of northern Egypt. His father, Kamal El-Din Muhammad El-Hennawy (1920–2007), a poet, journalist, army officer, and political writer, was part of the Free Officers Movement. His grandfather was the poet, journalist, and writer Muhammad Ahmad El-Hennawy (1902–1991). Both were born in Kafr El-Sheikh Khalil village, Shebin El-Kom, Menoufia Governorate. He was born in Mansoura, the home of his mother the daughter of El-Sarrag family. He grew up in Cairo and was educated in government schools, then went to Ain Shams University, graduating in 1976 from the department of zoology and chemistry. He joined the Police Academy, Faculty of specialist officers after graduation to work in the field of forensic evidence from 1978 until the year 2000. He specialized in the detection of forgeries and counterfeiting to become the first director of the Department of examining documents in the late years of his governmental service. He retired in 2000 because of bad health and to devote his time to scientific research. He still works as a consultant and a lecturer in many training centers inside and outside Egypt.
The study of Arachnids.
He was interested in living creatures since childhood. Trips to the zoo with his mother inspired a love of animals. His father encouraged him to be attracted to all aspects of knowledge of science, literature and fine arts. Although literature and classical music attracted him, biology attracted him more. His readings and breeding of different species of living organisms, e.g. mammals, birds, fish, reptiles, insects, spiders, mollusks, algae and plants, with notes about some of them since boyhood. The first of his blog on spiders was in high school. He didn't have the option of studying abroad, so his search for a professor under whom to study spiders led him to realize that he had to be self-reliant. He worked alone from the beginning, contributing to papers published in the field and contacting scientists from various countries to request their papers.
Participation in scientific societies.
He also contributed to the establishment of several scientific societies in Egypt, and participated in several activities of internal and external seminars and conferences Since 1982 until now, the most important of them:
He presented several papers and posters in those conferences.
Description of new spider species.
"Cheiracanthium siwi" El-Hennawy, 2001 - Egypt
"Eresus algericus" El-Hennawy, 2004 - Algeria
"Eresus jerbae" El-Hennawy, 2005 - Tunisia & Algeria
"Nita elsaff" Huber & El-Hennawy, 2007 - Egypt & Uzbekistan. In addition to the new genus "Nita"
"Ninetis toliara" Huber & El-Hennawy, 2007 - Madagascar
"Hersiliola eltigani" El-Hennawy, 2010 - Sudan & Burkina Faso

</doc>
<doc id="31121012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121012" title="Park Sang-wook">
Park Sang-wook

Park Sang-Wook (; born 30 January 1986) is a South Korean footballer.
He was arrested on the charge connected with the match-fixing scandal on 26 March 2011. On 17 June 2011, his football career was rescinded by the Korea Professional Football League with other accomplices.

</doc>
<doc id="31121014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121014" title="Hugh Bethell (died 1679)">
Hugh Bethell (died 1679)

Hugh Bethell (1 October 1615 – 3 October 1679) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1654 and 1679.
Bethell was the eldest son of Hugh Bethell of Rise and his wife Ellen Johnston, daughter of Thomas Johnston of Bishop Burton. He was a captain of horse in the parliamentary army by 1643 and subsequently became a colonel. He commanded a regiment at Marston Moor, where he lost an eye. In 1645 he was a commissioner for the northern association for the East Riding of Yorkshire. He was commissioner for militia in 1649 and was governor of Scarborough Castle from about 1649 to 1651. Also in 1649 he became J.P. for the East Riding of Yorkshire until 1676 and was commissioner for assessment for the East Riding of Yorkshire. From 1650 to 1652 he was commissioner for assessment for Yorkshire. He was High Sheriff of Yorkshire from 1652 to 1653.
In 1654, Bethell was elected Member of Parliament for East Riding of Yorkshire in the First Protectorate Parliament. He was also commissioner for scandalous ministers for East Riding and Hull in 1654. In 1656 he was re-elected MP for East Riding for the Second Protectorate Parliament. He was commissioner for assessment for the East Riding of Yorkshire and became JP for Beverley in 1657. In 1659 he succeeded to the estates on the death of his father. He was commissioner for militia in 1659 and took part in a rising against the military government. He was captain of horse from January to November 1660 when he took over the regiment of horse formerly commanded by John Lambert and was commissioner for militia in March 1669. He was commissioner for assessment for the East Riding of Yorkshire from January 1660 until his death. When Lambert escaped from the Tower of London in April 1660, Bethell arrested the leaders in York and prevented a rising or any serious trouble.In April 1660 Bethell was elected MP for both Beverley and Hedon and chose to sit for Hedon in the Convention Parliament. He was knighted after 4 September 1660 and became commissioner for sewers in the same month. In 1661 he was re-elected MP for Hedon in the Cavalier Parliament. He was commissioner for corporations for Yorkshire from 1662 to 1663. He was Deputy Lieutenant for East Riding from 1670. In 1675 he was commissioner for recusants for Yorkshire. He was re-elected MP for Hedon at both elections in 1679 but died before the second Exclusion Parliament met.
Bethell died at the age of 64 and was buried at Rise.
Bethell married Mary Mitchellbourne, daughter of Thomas Mitchellbourne of Carleton,on 14 January 1641> he had a son and daughter. His son and grandson both predeceased him, and his estates went to his nephew, Hugh, who was also MP for Hedon.

</doc>
<doc id="31121032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121032" title="Ulrich Schreiber">
Ulrich Schreiber

Ulrich Schreiber (born 1951 in Solingen, Germany) is the director of the International Literature Festival Berlin (ILB).
Biography.
Ulrich Schreiber was born 1951 in Solingen, Germany. Schreiber apprenticed as a mason and later gained his GCE by attending evening school. After completing a course in Construction Engineering, Schreiber was granted the higher education entrance qualification. He studied Philosophy, Politics and Russian at the Free University of Berlin 1973–1981 and successfully completed his teacher training in Celle in 1984.
Career.
He was a co-founder of the "Berliner Volksuniversität" in 1980 and founder of the "Hamburger Volksuniversität" in 1983. In 1985 he became the director of the German-Italian cultural festival in Hamburg. During the 1980s and 90’s he worked as cultural manager and architect in charge in Hamburg, Stuttgart and Berlin. 1989 he founded the "Internationale Peter Weiss-Gesellschaft", whose chairman he was till 1998. In 1998 he took charge of directing of the “Thomas Bernard Tage” in Berlin. In the same year, while attending the Erlanger Poet-Festival, he felt the urge to establish a literary festival in Berlin. In 2001 he founded the ILB and has continued to be its director to the present day. He is the initiator of the WorldWideReading series, which organizes world wide readings that reflect on current debates or events, since 2006. Furthermore he is one of the founders of the PEN World Voices festival: The New York Festival of International Literature and a literary festival in Mumbai in 2007. Furthermore, since September 2009 he has curated Literaturraum, a residency for writers at Bleibtreu Hotel Berlin, which gives authors the possibility of a six-week stay in the capital city.
Ulrich Schreiber is a member of the German P.E.N. centre.

</doc>
<doc id="31121059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121059" title="Petrus Forestus">
Petrus Forestus

Pieter van Foreest, also called Petrus Forestus (Alkmaar, 1521 – Alkmaar, 1597), was one of the most prominent physicians of the Dutch Republic. He was known as the "Hollandic Hippocrates".
Life.
Petrus Forestus was the son of Jorden van Foreest and Margriet, daughter of Nanning Beyers. He received his early schooling at the Alkmaar Latin School. Around 1536 he started studying at the University of Leuven. In 1540 he began a so-called "peregrinatio Academica", an educational journey in which he visited several European universities in order to acquire detailed knowledge of medicine. He stayed three years in Bologna, and also studied in Padua, Venice, and Ferrara. On 29 November 1543 he graduated at the University of Bologna. Then he worked for some time in Rome and Paris. In 1546 he returned to Alkmaar, where he opened a medical practice. He married in 1546 Eva van Teijlingen (1525 – 1595).
In 1558 Forestus was appointed to the post of city physician of Delft, a function he performed for over 37 years. In August 1574, during the siege of Leiden, he was consulted by prince William of Orange, who lay ill at Delfshaven. After that Forestus was repeatedly consulted by members of the princely family.
Forestus was invited by the Curators of the newly founded Leiden University to attend the opening ceremony on February 8, 1575. He participated in the festive procession as "doctor and professor of medicine" and stayed in Leiden until February 12 in order to sign the Statutes of the new university. After that he returned to Delft. He preferred his medical practice, and decided not to take up an academic position.
After the assassination of Prince William of Orange on July 10, 1584, Forestus conducted the autopsy and embalming together with his colleague from Delft, Cornelius Busennius. They made an extensive report of the autopsy to the States of Holland.
Petrus Forestus died on 10 March 1597. He was over 75 years old. His remains were buried in the Great or St. Lawrence Church in Alkmaar on March 13, 1597. The last line on his tombstone reads: "Hippocrates batavus si fuit ille fuit" (If ever there was a Hollandic Hippocrates, it was this man).
Works.
Forestus had an aversion to quacks, charlatans, and the unauthorized practice of medicine. Part of an unpublished manuscript was titled: "Vander Empiriken, Landloeperen ende Valscher Medicynsbedroch" ("On charlatans, frauds, and the trickery and deceit with false medicine"). In 1584 he managed to convince the Delft magistrates to place rules and restrictions on the practice of medicine.
During his practice years in Alkmaar, Forestus began to take notes on the maladies of his patients, and how he treated them. Later he arranged the data and eventually collected over 1350 "Observationes" with appropriate "Scholia". The "Observationes" were personal perceptions of patients and diseases, and formed the basis for the subsequent "Scholia", initially dedicated as a separate monograph to personal acquaintances such as Prince Maurice of Orange, and city governments, like those of Alkmaar, Delft, Leiden, Amsterdam and Enkhuizen. In 1609 all his monographs and the treatise on urinalysis were bundled and published in Frankfurt as the "Opera Omnia". Numerous reprints followed.

</doc>
<doc id="31121066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121066" title="1991 Football League Trophy Final">
1991 Football League Trophy Final

The 1991 Football League Trophy Final, known as the Leyland DAF Cup for sponsorship reasons, was the 8th final of the domestic football cup competition for teams from the Third Division and Fourth Division. The final was played at Wembley Stadium, London on 26 May 1991, and was contested by Birmingham City and Tranmere Rovers. Birmingham won the match 3–2, with Simon Sturridge and John Gayle scoring the goals for the winning team.

</doc>
<doc id="31121075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121075" title="Bxd (gene)">
Bxd (gene)

Bithoraxoid (bxd) is a long non-coding RNA found in "Drosophila". It silences the expression of the Ultrabithorax (Ubx) gene by transcriptional interference.

</doc>
<doc id="31121100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121100" title="2001–02 Valencia CF season">
2001–02 Valencia CF season

Valencia CF won its first La Liga title for more than 30 years, in the first season under new coach Rafael Benítez. The Tenerife recruit had a tough start to his job, with several dropped points and a midfield slot in the beginning of the season, culminating in a disqualification from Copa del Rey for fielding too many non-EU players. Benítez was reported to be near the sack before an away game against Espanyol. With Valencia trailing 2-0 at halftime, the resurgence of the team in the second half allowed the inexperienced coach to keep the job, and it got to be a starting point for a winning streak that eventually saw Valencia claiming the entire league, despite taking only 75 points and scoring a mere 51 goals.
With the attacking play not flowing as previously, the all-conquering defence improved further, conceding only 29 goals, much thanks to keeper Santiago Cañizares and centre halves Mauricio Pellegrino and Roberto Ayala. Defensively minded midfielder Rubén Baraja happened to be the club top scorer with a mere seven goals, forming an effective protecting block with David Albelda.

</doc>
<doc id="31121105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121105" title="MS Norsea">
MS Norsea

The MV Pride of York was built as the MV Norsea for North Sea Ferries as part of their response to the need for larger vessels in the mid to late 1980's. The 1974 ships MV Norland and MV Norstar were proving to be very popular, and were running at capacity. Therefore, North Sea Ferries designed their "3rd Generation" overnight ferry. The two parent companies within North Sea Ferries placed their orders in two separate locations. P&O placed theirs at Govan Shipbuilders Ltd. on the Clyde, and Nedlloyd placed their order at Nippon Kokkan .KK Ltd. (Now JFE Holdings) in Yokohama, Japan.
The MV Norsea entered service on the Hull-Rotterdam route. Whilst taking the title of being the largest passenger ship to be built on the Clyde since the QE2. It was also the last passenger ship ever to be built in the United Kingdom. In May 2001, now owned and operated by P&O Ferries ordered the MS Pride of Hull and the MS Pride of Rotterdam. Once relieved of service on the Hull-Rotterdam route, the ship was sent off for two months major refurbishment and branding realignment, prior to entering service on the Hull-Zeebrugge route, and replacing the 27 year old MV Norland in the new P&O colours. 
The ship's name was also changed from MV Norsea to MV Pride of York, to bring the names in line with the rest of the P&O Ferries fleet. The MV Pride of York still operates with her sistership MV Pride of Bruges (previously MV Norsun)

</doc>
<doc id="31121134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121134" title="Alex Júnior">
Alex Júnior

Alex Dionísio de Carvalho (born 1 January 1986), commonly known as Alex Júnior, is a Brazilian footballer who currently Free Agent.

</doc>
<doc id="31121143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121143" title="Deadly Circus Fire">
Deadly Circus Fire

Deadly Circus Fire is a four-piece English progressive metal band from London. Formed in early 2009, the group's line-up include guitarist Save Addario, drummer Paul Igoe, vocalist Adam Grant and bassist Mike Enort.
The 2010 launch of Deadly Circus Fire's first self-titled EP, has seen the band favoured by critics for balancing musically and rhythmically complex compositions with a distinctly accessible sound.
History.
After completing his music studies in Rome, Save Addario moved to London. Shortly after, he met Paul Igoe who just moved from Ireland, to continue his drumming education, the two instantly sparked up a friendship. Both of them wanted to create a band that was both against the grain of the traditional and mainstream, but also accessible and inspiring. So, the search was on for the remaining members of this yet unnamed collaboration. They searched for almost a year for a bassist that would be both suitable and passionate for the music they played. It turned out the person they found who fitted the bill, a guy named Mike Enort who lived ten miles away from Save’s home in Italy. After some choice words he left everything behind him and ventured to London to continue his musical journey. Now they looked immediately for a singer. Auditions commenced, rappers, country n’ western singers, choir girls and hundreds more tried out but nothing worked. Eventually the guys stumbled upon a Kerrang advert posted by a person called Adam Grant. An audition was organised, and like before the guys weren’t too hopeful of its outcome, especially when an ‘Oliver Twist’ looking fellow walked through the door. The boys tuned up their guitars and started to play, Adam armed without a microphone started to improvise over the music, and within a matter of seconds they knew that they had found their vocalist. Being the son of well renowned voice-over artist, Gary Martin, Adam’s vocal abilities were not to be taken lightly.
In less than a year of their formation they have written many a song, five of which have been recorded for their self-titled EP, Deadly Circus Fire, a band name the guys felt strongly about having. The EP itself was written, recorded, mixed, mastered and illustrated in its entirety by the band.
The EP has received favourable coverage and reviews across most media, with the UK's Prog Magazine, SoundOnSound Magazine, TotalRock Radio "this is REALLY good stuff, clever pounding Prog Rock", Whotune Radio Australia " Awesome, such an original sound, great journey", Best Of Myspace "Proper chugga chugga scary prog metal with more angry energy than a weighted bag of kittens by a river in angry drunk's hand". Multiple tracks off The EP have been played on TotalRock Radio, Whotune Radio Australia and Gateway FM.
Their sound is a best described as a diverse composition of the raw and the melodic, and has been compared to bands such as Tool, Mastodon and Deftons. They have ranked 1st on both the progressive and metal charts on Myspace Uk in 2010.
Deadly Circus Fire have performed at the Hammerfest on 17 March 2011 and at the Bloodstock Open Air Metal Festival on the Sophie Lancaster stage on 13 August 2011, where although the band was hugely delayed by technical faults they turned their near-disaster into soundscaped triumph with an emotive display of showmanship and musical ability.
The band have recently unveiled through Metal Hammer (February 2012 issue) the title of their debut album, ""The King And The Bishop"". A ten track album divided in two chapters.
The album was recorded between September and November 2011 in London at MTR studios with Phil Kinman, who co-produced it alongside the band. Then mastered in New York at Sterling Sound by Ted Jensen.
""The King And The Bishop"" was scheduled to be released in March 2012, but for technical issues has been postponed to 2013 after being re-masterd at Wired Masters Studios in London by Andy Pearce and Matt Wortham.
On 1 June 2013 ""The King And The Bishop"" has been worldwide digitally released through all the major on line outlet, including iTunes, Amazon, Spotify and many others. Following outstanding reviews, Deadly Circus Fire's debut album, has been also physically released with Metal Hammer 2013 August issue.
On November 2013, Deadly Circus Fire have unveiled their second music video ""Her Epitaph"" just before embarking on the European Tour alongside British giant ""Skindred"" and Japanese outfit ""Crossfaith"". Deadly Circus Fire have gained rave live reviews from their outstanding live performances leaving their fans braying for more. Metal Hammer have said ""Deadly Circus Fire are one of the best band in prog metal right now.""
The band is currently working on their second studio album and is set to perform to HRH PROG II festival on the main arena in Wales on 21 March 2014, HRH road trip in Ibiza in May 2014, Les Fest on the main stage in Scotland in June 2014. The band will also Headline the Tech Fest All Dayer in London on 8 June and will perform Tech Fest on the main stage in Newark Showground in July 2014.
The King and The Bishop.
The King and The Bishop is the first DCF's studio album. 
Firstly scheduled to be released in March 2012, its release has been postponed for the 2013, due to issues related to the master.
It has been digitally released worldwide on 1 June 2013 and it was due to be physically released as a special edition with Metal Hammer on the 20 August 2013 issue.
The album features 10 tracks divided in two chapters.
TRACK LIST:
CHAPTER ONE /
01. Through the Soil (i.Born ii.Damned iii.Requiem)
02. Her Epitaph (iv.The Return)
03. Nothing
04. Blackout
05. In the Kingdom of Flies
CHAPTER TWO /
06. The King and The Bishop
07. Black Mask
08. Threnody
09. Leviathan
10. The Light Within

</doc>
<doc id="31121161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121161" title="Zona da Mata Regional Airport">
Zona da Mata Regional Airport

Presidente Itamar Franco Airport , formerly and still commonly called Zona da Mata Regional Airport, is an airport serving Juiz de Fora, and the region of Zona da Mata, Brazil, located in the municipality of Goianá. Since March 8, 2012 the airport is named after Itamar Augusto Cautiero Franco, the 33rd President of Brazil.
It is operated by Multiterminais Alfandegados do Brasil.
History.
The construction of the airport was completed in 2007 but commercial operations began only on August 23, 2011.
In March 2011 Infraero ceased to administrate the airport and Multiterminais Alfandegados do Brasil became the new administrator.
Access.
The airport is located from downtown Juiz de Fora, from downtown Ubá, and from downtown Cataguases.

</doc>
<doc id="31121166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121166" title="FC Barcelona Bàsquet B">
FC Barcelona Bàsquet B

FC Barcelona Bàsquet B is the reserve team of FC Barcelona Bàsquet. The team currently plays in LEB Oro.
History.
In 2003 wins the Liga EBA and promotes to LEB 2, but renounces to the spot. After an agreement of FC Barcelona with CB Cornellà to collaborate again as reserve team, the 'B' team was folded between 2005 and 2010. In 2010, FC Barcelona B is re-opened in LEB Plata and played in the LEB Oro from 2012, when the club achieved a vacant berth in the league, to 2014 when they were relegated again to LEB Plata.
Trophies and awards.
Individual awards.
LEB Oro Rising star

</doc>
<doc id="31121191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121191" title="Bxd">
Bxd

bxd or BXD may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31121198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121198" title="Lille Skensved">
Lille Skensved

Lille Skensved is a small railway town located in Køge and Solrød municipalities, at the railway line Lille Syd between Roskilde and Køge about 7 kilometres north of Køge.
The total population of Lille Skensved is 1,576 (1 January 2014), 1,515 in Køge Municipality and 61 in Solrød Municipality. 
The towns most domineering place of work is CP Kelco Aps, the largest plant in the world producing pectin, carrageenan and refined locust bean gum.
The Danish Hip-hop-DJ, DJ Noize is born in Lille Skensved.

</doc>
<doc id="31121213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121213" title="Helen Street police station">
Helen Street police station

Helen Street police station, also known as Govan police station, in Govan, Glasgow, is the most secure police station in Scotland. It is used for example for detaining suspects arrested under the Terrorism Act.
The fortified station is operated by Police Scotland, and is the base of the Major Crime and Terrorism Investigation Unit.

</doc>
<doc id="31121217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121217" title="Blackhawks–Red Wings rivalry">
Blackhawks–Red Wings rivalry

The Blackhawks–Red Wings rivalry is an historic rivalry in the National Hockey League. Prior to the 2013-14 realignment, it was the most intense rivalry in the Central Division during the post lockout era. The clubs began playing each other in , during the inaugural season for both franchises, and have faced each other in more regular season games than any other two clubs in NHL history; only the Bruins–Canadiens rivalry exceeds them in total games played when playoffs are included.
History.
The series began on November 24, 1926, when the NHL's two fledgling Midwest teams met for the first time. In the matchup, the Detroit Cougars (the club was eventually renamed Red Wings in ) earned a 1–0 victory against the Chicago Black Hawks (the team name was compounded to Blackhawks in ) at the Chicago Coliseum. In that game, Frank Frederickson of the Cougars scored the only goal with five minutes remaining in the third period, assisted by defenseman Hobie Kitchen, and goaltender Hap Holmes recorded the first shutout of his rookie season. It was the first win in Detroit franchise history, and the first loss in Chicago franchise history. Chicago's first Stanley Cup was won versus the Red Wings in 1934, when winger Mush March scored a goal in a double-overtime game.
During the 25 years period where the NHL had only the Original Six, both teams were controlled by the Norris family. Patriarch James Norris owned both franchises, until his death in 1953 split the rivals between his sons – the elder son, James was a co-owner of the Black Hawks along with Arthur Wirtz, while his brother Bruce inherited ownership of the Red Wings. In 1961, the Black Hawks led by Bobby Hull and Stan Mikita broke 23 years without a title by defeating Gordon Howe's Wings. On a visit to Olympia Stadium in Detroit in the 1960s, Hull was heckled by three Red Wings fans who eventually climbed the glass and dangled their arms over it before he hit them with his stick.
Starting in , the Blackhawks realigned to the West Division while the Red Wings remained in the East. In , they were reunited in the reconfigured Norris Division in 1981 which was renamed the Central Division in 1993 after the NHL revamped its alignment naming protocol. 7 of the 10 largest hockey crowds in Chicago's United Center were for Blackhawks–Red Wings games.
Blackhawks–Red Wings games are among the ones most notable for fighting. Bob Probert and Stu Grimson played for both teams and fought each other frequently. Bill Gadsby also played for both teams. Fans have much animosity for each other, with Blackhawks fans chanting "Detroit sucks!" in every game. Chicago native Chris Chelios was booed upon his return to the United Center as a Detroit player in 1999, and former Red Wing Marian Hossa earned the same response in 2009 at the Joe Louis Arena as a Blackhawk.
In the 2013 Stanley Cup playoffs, the teams faced off against each other in the playoffs for the 16th time, and have gone over 800 games played against each other. The Blackhawks won the series 4-3 after trailing 3-1.
As a result of the realignment before the 2013–14 NHL season, the Red Wings moved to the Eastern Conference's Atlantic Division, alongside fellow Original Six teams Boston Bruins, Montreal Canadiens and Toronto Maple Leafs. As a result, both the Red Wings and Blackhawks will only meet twice every season by virtue of being inter-conference rivals.

</doc>
<doc id="31121222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121222" title="Željko Kipke">
Željko Kipke

Željko Kipke (born 1953) is a Croatian artist. His practice is based on painting and experimental film, but he is also a published art critic and theoretician. He was born in Čakovec, Croatia, but lives and works in Zagreb. 
He was an associate in the Master Workshop of Ljubo Ivančić and Nikola Reiser (1976–1981). From 1982 he started orienting himself towards theory and began to publish essays and critiques about visual art and experimental film in newspapers and magazines. During the 1980s he began creating experimental film and to date has made a series of six films entitled "Six Easy Pieces" along with the video art works: "Rhythm" (1980) and "Embedding into a Black Square" (1984). He participated in Harald Szeemann’s exhibition "Blood & Honey / Future’s in the Balkans" in Klosterneuburg (Vienna) in 2003.
He has exhibited in a group show in the Artists’ Space in New York in 1989. His works are kept in many museum and gallery collections, including the Peter Stuyvesant Collection in Amsterdam, the FRAC Collection in Toulouse (Les Abattoirs), and MUMOK, (the Museum of Modern Art) in Vienna. He was the Croatian representative at the Venice Biennale in 1993 and at the Cairo Biennale two years later. He was the selector for the Croatian Pavilion at the 52nd Venice Biennale in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="31121268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121268" title="Hwang Jae-hun">
Hwang Jae-hun

Hwang Jae-Hun (; born 10 March 1986) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a central defender for Busan IPark in the K League Classic.
Club career.
Hwang was one of the Pohang Steelers draft picks for the 2009 K-League season. Hwang only appeared once for the Steelers during 2009 and 2010, this being a league match against FC Seoul on 27 March 2010.
Hwang moved to Daejeon Citizen for the 2011 season and made a number of appearances for his new club, despite conceding an own goal in only his second game for the club. Hwang recompensed for his error in the following match, scoring his first professional goal in a 2 - 0 win over Gyeongnam FC. Despite being one of the first choice defenders for Daejeon, Hwang transferred during the summer to Busan I'Park.
For Busan, Hwang failed to cement a regular place in the starting line up. In his first three seasons with the club he was used mainly as a back up to preferred central defenders Park Yong-Ho, Lee Kyung-Ryul and Lee Jung-Ho.

</doc>
<doc id="31121303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121303" title="Onecote">
Onecote

Onecote is a village and civil parish on the B5053 road, near Leek, in the Staffordshire Moorlands district, in the county of Staffordshire, England. Onecote has a church called St Luke's Church, Onecote.

</doc>
<doc id="31121305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121305" title="Conservation and restoration of metals">
Conservation and restoration of metals

Conservation and restoration of metals is the activity devoted to the protection and preservation of historical (religious, artistic, technical and ethnographic) and archaeological objects made partly or entirely of metal. In it are included all activities aimed at preventing or slowing deterioration of items, as well as improving accessibility and readability of them as objects of cultural heritage. Despite the fact that metals are generally considered as the relatively permanent and stable materials, in contact with the environment they deteriorate gradually, some faster and some much slower. This applies especially to archaeological finds.
It is very important that a conservator of metals has knowledge of basic metalworking techniques, history of metalwork, history of art, archaeology, corrosion of metals, scientific research methods, theory and ethics of conservation-restoration.
Deterioration of metals.
An essential cause of deterioration is corrosion of metal objects or object deterioration by interaction with the environment. As the most influential factors of deterioration of historical objects should be pointed out as the relative humidity and air pollution while in archaeological objects a crucial role has composition, depth, humidity and amount of gasses in the soil. In cases of marine or fresh water finds the most important factors of decay are the amount and composition of soluble salts, water depth, amount of dissolved gases, the direction of water currents and the role of both microscopic and macroscopic living organisms.
Deterioration of materials associated with metals.
Associated materials deteriorate depending on the origin whether they are organic or inorganic materials. Organic materials usually fail in a relatively short period of time, primarily due to biodegradation. With inorganic materials are these processes considerably longer and more complex. Amount of gases, humidity, depth and composition of soil are very important. In case of salty and sweet water finds essential are amount of gases dissolved in water, depth of water, direction of currents, and microscopic and macroscopic living organisms.
Metals conservation planning.
Basics.
As with the conservation and restoration works on any other material, here are the basic tenets of conservation-restoration based on the quality of execution and the best possible preservation of cultural, historical and technological identity and integrity of objects. Minimal intervention, reversibility and repeatability of preferred treatment are essential, as well as the possibility of easy identification of restored parts. Recently non-toxic nature of used materials and procedures becomes important too, both in relation to objects and conservator-restorer as a performer, but also in relation to the environment.
Research.
Nowadays scientific research is an integral part of the metals conservation treatment, at least in highly developed countries.
Identification of materials associated with metals.
Raman spectroscopy
Decision making.
In preparing the strategy of the metals conservation project interdisciplinary approach to the same is essential. It implies the participation of as many experts as is possible, as a minimum, we can take curator (archaeologist, historian, art historian), scientists specialized for corrosion of metallic objects of cultural heritage and the conservator - restorer.
Documentation.
Systematic and well-managed documentation is today an essential prerequisite for quality executed conservation and restoration treatments, including documentation of the state of objects before, during and after treatment. Identification of materials and procedures used to produce object and the results of any scientific research must be part of documentation too. Last but not least- an integral part of the documentation must be a recommendation for further care of object.
Ethics and ethical problems in metals conservation.
The ethical concept of conservation of metal objects in principle is the same as those in other fields of conservation-restoration of cultural heritage.
But there are several specific problems that can only be found in the conservation of metals - problem of heat treatment of archaeological objects, and the problem of radical restoration of historic, mostly technical, but also architectonic objects too.
While in the first case problem is primarily in the destruction of valuable scientific data, in case of the technical, the architectural, and somewhat less often, historical objects problem is that a radically restored items just simulate the original appearance of the object, and so in some ways that objects can be considered even as, more or less successful fakes, which only superficially simulate long-lost or never existing state of object.
According to the above-mentioned, whenever it is possible real historical substance must be preserved. Thoroughly documented and technically professionally executed restoration of objects, must be avoided because such objects must be seen only as freshly painted surrogates of authentic historic substance.
Ethical problems connected with conservation of sacred metallic heritage objects can be included too.
Conservation.
Preventive conservation.
Metallic heritage objects are sensitive to environmental conditions such as temperature, humidity, air pollution and exposure to light and ultraviolet light. They must be protected in a controlled environment where such variables are maintained within a range of damage-limiting levels.
Preventive conservation, also known as collections care, is an important element of museum policy. It is an essential responsibility of members of the museum profession to create and maintain a protective environment for the collections in their care, whether in store, on display, or in transit. A museum should carefully monitor the condition of collections to determine when an artifact requires conservation work and the services of a qualified conservator.
Interventive conservation.
Cleaning.
The most common procedure in conservation and restoration of metals is the cleaning process. This process can be distinguish between mechanical, chemical, electrochemical, ultrasonic,plasma and laser cleaning. In principle, it is aimed at removing dirt and corrosion products from the surface of a metal object. In many cases archaeology objects only can be cleaned mechanically.
Structural consolidation.
Aimed at strengthening of the physical structure of the object, and correcting the shape of the object.
Reconstruction of missing parts or surface decoration.
In certain cases, metals conservator must re-create the lost parts of objects or restore original surface decoration. This approach is accurate only if we have an exact documentation or photographs of items in a complete, currently non-existent state that we want to return.
New parts must be clearly and visibly marked and at least they must be minimally different from the original historic material.
If needed, those parts must be easily and completely removable from the object, and with methods which will not harm it.
Only cyanide or hexchromate free processes must be used.
Only worn-out spots can be replated.
Replating of entire object must be avoided.
Stabilization.
Focused on slowing of deterioration of objects - in case of archaeology objects the thorough removal or blocking of chloride salts. In case of the historical objects it is focused on the use of corrosion inhibitors, conversion coatings, rust converters or eventually oxygen free storage.
Protective Coatings.
Still mainly focused on use of clear coats and waxes, in case of technology objects oil coatings can be used too. In general it supports the stabilization process.
Paraloid B-72 
durable and non yellowing acrylic resin, chemically an ethyl methacrylate copolymer. It can be used for conservation of metals. Soluble in acetone, toluene, xylene, Shell Cyclo Sol® 100/Shell Cyclo Sol® 53, Arcosolv® PM/1-Methoxy-2-propanol.
Paraloid B 67
is acrylic resin, chemically it is an isobutyl methacrylate polymer. Soluble in toluene, xylene, acetone, Shell Cyclo Sol® 100/Shell Cyclo Sol® 53, Arcosolv® PM/1-Methoxy-2-propanol and white spirit acetone mixture (90 parts white spirit/10 parts acetone).
Paraloid B 44
is acrylic resin, chemically it is composed of methyl methacrylate and ethyl acrylate copolymer. Soluble in toluene, xylene, acetone. It is used for paints and clear coating for metals. It is ingredient in Incralac metal coating.
Paraloid B 48 N
is acrylic resin, chemically it is copolymer of methyl methacrylate and butyl acrylate. It is used as a clear coating for metals - copper, brass, bronze, and zinc. Soluble in toluene, xylene, methyl ethyl ketone, and acetone
Incralac
is special proprietary clear coat for copper and its alloys. It is based on Paraloid B 44 acryilic resin dissolved in toluene. It contains benzotriazole as copper corrosion inhibitor too.
Nitrocellulose lacquer
is solvent based lacquer that contain nitrocellulose, a resin obtained from the nitration of cotton and other cellulostic materials. Can be used on silver objects. Frigilene, Agateen No.27 and Perlitol RE 1260 are good brands.
ORMOCER
Organically modified ceramic, also known as ORMOCER (ORganically MOdified CERamic) is a type of coating used in the conservation of metals. ORMOCER was originally developed by the Fraunhofer Society for the Advancement of Applied Research in Munich. While it is still in research phase, ORMOCER is essentially a heteropolysiloxane-based clear coat.
Renaissance Wax
is a brand of microcrystalline wax polish that is widely encountered in antique restoration and museum curation. Although not appropriate for all materials, it is known to and used by almost every collection. It is also used as a primary finish for cabinetry and furniture. Renaissance wax is also used by reenactors of historic swordsmanship to protect armour and weapons. It is widely recognised that this substance is more protective and longer lasting than oil, especially for swords and helmets that are frequently touched by human hands.
To quote a typical commercial supplier of conservation materials, it is used, to revive and protect valuable furniture, leather, paintings, metals, marble, onyx, ivory etc. Freshens colours and imparts a soft sheen
Cosmolloid 80 H
is refined white microcrystalline wax. It can be used on historical and archaeological metals. Melting point 60–94 °C. Soluble in benzol, ether, chloroform, carbon disulfide, carbon tetrachloride, turpentine, petroleum distillates, and fixed oils; partially soluble in acetone, diacetone alcohol. Main ingredient in Renaissance Wax.
Dinitrol 4010
is a long term engine protection proprietary product with heat resistance up to 200 °C. It leaves a firm transparent film with short drying time and good adhesion and flexibility on all metal surfaces, rubber and plastic parts. Dinitrol 4010 is resistant to alkali and acidic solutions. According to some research articles it can be used on metallic heritage objects too
Poligen ES 91 009
is patented wax emulsion (BASF), according to some sources better than Paraloid B 72
-WD 40 / Ballistol / 80 parts white spirit+20 parts fish oil
-base coat Paraloid B 72 / topcoat Renaissance Wax etc.
Conservation of materials associated with metals.
Precious and semi precious stones.
In principle do not use any solvent, but only distilled water, or a 10% solution of soapwort plant ("Saponaria officinalis"). You must be Especially careful when working on porous gemstones like malachite, opal, chalcedony, chrysoprase, agate, carnelian, lapis lazuli, jade and turquoise. Special attention requires gemstones combined with colored metal foils, in this case, the liquid does not come into contact with the foil. Do not use ultrasonic cleaning.
Niello.
Nielloed items can be cleaned only mechanically, never try to use chemical cleaning. Black pigment mixed with Paraloid B 72 can be used for reconnstruction of missing parts.
Concentrated solution of Paraloid B 72 or B 67 (soluble in white spirit) can be used as reversible glue.
Amber.
Do not clean with solvents, do not use ultrasound, you can use only distilled water, or a mixture of water and ethanol (add up to 0.5% crosslinker). Variety of waxy resin mixtures can be used as glue, depending on the color of amber. You can use 10% solution of Canada balsam in toluene Archaeological material can be cleaned only mechanically.
Soaking in liquid paraffin can be used to consolidate and improve color of amber.
According to one Korean article for consolidation can be used Paraloid B 67 dissolved in xylene (proved more stable than white spirit, usual solvent for B 67) Artifacts must be Protected from strong light and high temperatures, low humidity and oscillations in humidity, in the case of metal/amber objects do not to use corrosion inhibitors.
Oriental lacquer - urushi.
Requires a completely different approach than western lacquers.May be found on the Japanese arms and armour.The best approach - leave it to expert for oriental lacquer. Mixture of 6-8% polyvinyl alcohol and chalk can be used as filling material(Rhoplex WS 24 can be used too). Japanese conservators use traditional techniques, but as Urushi causes allergic reactions, these methods are not recommended. Clean it with an aliphatic hydrocarbon such as white or mineral spirits. Distilled water or saliva (moistened cottonwool swabs) can caused discoloration and should be avoided by the inexperienced: pH is crucial. Keep objects in rooms with controlled humidity and temperature, preferably about 50% RH, and protect them from UV radiation.
Coral.
Can be cleaned with cotton wool swabs soaked in distilled water, or with a mixture of distilled water and ethanol.
Do not use ultrasound. Avoid any contact with acids.
Pearls.
Historical objects can be cleaned using a mixture of 70% ethanol and 30% weak ammonia water (1%). To remove the surface layer that has lost luster you can use 3-5% EDTA, after that step rinse with distilled water, and then with 80% ethanol, then with 90% ethanol, and finally with pure ethanol.
Do not use ultrasound.
Archaeological finds must be treated as soon as possible, preferably after excavation, you can clean them only mechanically, then consolidate with 2% Paraloid B 72, in the case of dry findings (first saturate with solvent in which it is dissolved), in case of damp or wet findings use Rhoplex WS 24 (acrylic dispersion).
Somewhat More recent Russian literature recommends use of bleached beeswax dissolved in white spirit or medical benzine as protective coating.Fish glue mixed with water and alcohol (7/3),with addition of 1% katamine AB as biocide can be used as glue.Nonionogenic detergent 2-3% in a mixture of water and alcohol can be used for cleaning.
Avoid prolonged contact with water, sudden changes in temperature and relative humidity,including strong light or contact with acidic or alkaline solutions (soap water too).
Jet.
You can clean it with cottonwool swabs soaked in distilled water or soapwort extract ("Saponaria officinalis", 100 grams of dried root per 1 liter of boiling water). Archaeological material can be cleaned only mechanically. Wax/resin mixtures or concentrated solution of Paraloid B 72 (or B 67) can used as glue for archaeology objects.
Glass.
Main article Conservation and restoration of glass objects
Plaster.
Unsealed plaster can be cleaned with soft brush only,never try to use water or water based cleaning solutions.Sealed plaster can be cleaned with a swab dampened with water or white spirit.
Storage of metallic heritage objects.
The items should be stored in rooms that are protected from polluted air, dust, ultraviolet radiation, and excessive relative humidity - ideal values are temperature of 16-20 °C and up to 40% (35-55% according to recent Canadian Conservation Institute recommendations) relative humidity, noting that if metal is combined with organic materials, relative humidity should not be below 45%. Archaeological objects must be stored in rooms (or plastic boxes) with very low relative humidity, or in the case of particularly valuable items in the chambers with nitrogen or argon. Copper or copper alloy objects with active corrosion up to 35% RH. Iron objects with active corrosion 12-15% RH. Shelves in the storerooms must be of stainless steel or chlorine and acetate free plastic or powder coated steel. Wood and wood based products (Particle board, plywood) must be avoided. Also do not use rubber, felt or wool. When you are handling metal objects, always wear clean cotton gloves. Lighting levels must be kept below 300 lux (up to 150 lux in case of lacquered or painted objects, up to 50 lux in case of objects with light sensitive materials)
Training.
South America.
Centro Nacional de Conservacion y Restauracion, Santiago de Chile, objetos arqueológicos, etnográficos e históricos
Africa.
Conservation Department, Faculty of Archaeology, Cairo University
The South African Institute for Objects Conservation, Joubertina, Eastern Cape, metals conservation
Australia.
The University of Melbourne, Centre for Cultural Materials Conservation
Europe.
Universitaet fuer Angewandte Kunst, Wien, Konservierung/Restaurierung von Objekten
Koninklijke Academie voor schone kunsten, Antwerpen, metalen conservatie
1.Sveučilište u Dubrovniku, konzervacija restauracija metala (BA+MA)
2.Umjetnička akademija u Splitu,Konzervacija restauracija metala (BA+MA)
Konzervování-restaurování uměleckořemeslných děl z kovů, Turnov
Institut National du Patrimoine, Paris
Metropolia University of Applied Sciences, Helsinki, objects conservation
Hungarian Academy of Fine Arts, Budapest, conservation of metalwork and goldsmiths works
Universiteit van Amsterdam, Amsterdam, MA metaalrestauratie
Nicolaus Copernicus University in Torun, Institute of Fine Art, Department of Conservation and Restoration of Historic and Artistic Works, graduate program, metal conservation
Faculdade de Ciências e Tecnologia da Universidade Nova, Lisboa
La Chaux de Fonds, Haute Ecole de Conservation-restauration Arc, objects conservation
Iran.
1.Art University of Isfahan,Faculty of Conservation, Department for Conservation of Art Objects
2.Tabriz Islamic Art University,Conservation Department
Quatar.
University College London,in partnership with Qatar Foundation and Qatar Museums Authority, Doha, objects conservation
Turkey.
Gazi University,Faculty of Fine Arts,Ankara,conservation department
Metals conservation blogs.
1. Armas protohistóricas con magnetita,by Jesús Alonso López
2.Conservation of metals - by Catia Viegas-Wesolowska
3. CINZELAGEM.CONSERVAÇÃO.E.RESTAURO METAIS - by Beatriz Leitao

</doc>
<doc id="31121312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121312" title="Baoji South Railway Station">
Baoji South Railway Station

The Baoji South Railway Station is a railway station of Xi'an–Baoji High-Speed Railway that located in Shaanxi, China.

</doc>
<doc id="31121356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121356" title="Beretta Mx4 Storm">
Beretta Mx4 Storm

The Beretta Mx4 Storm is the military version of the Beretta Cx4 Storm pistol-caliber carbine. It has a barrel length of 12 inches, and is capable of automatic fire. The Mx4 can use pistol magazines, or its own 30 round magazine. There is a rail on the top of the Mx4 for mounting scopes (day or night vision), laser aiming device or flashlight. There is another rail underneath, forward of the trigger, for mounting a grip, laser or flashlight. The Mx4, with a scope, is fairly accurate out to a hundred meters, and automatic fire is accurate out to 200 meters. The Cx4 has a reputation, among the many police and security personnel who use it, of reliability and ease of use and handling.
Media.
The Mx4 is the initial Submachine Gun or (PDW) in Battlefield 4

</doc>
<doc id="31121373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121373" title="Memistor">
Memistor

A memistor is a nanoelectric circuitry element used in parallel computing memory technology. Essentially, a resistor with memory able to perform logic operations and store information, it is a three-terminal implementation of the memristor. A possible future technology replacing flash and DRAM.
History.
While the memristor is defined in terms of a two-terminal circuit element, there was an implementation of a three-terminal device called a "memistor" developed by Bernard Widrow in 1960. Memistors formed basic components of a neural network architecture called ADALINE developed by Widrow and Ted Hoff (who later invented the microprocessor at Intel). The memistor was also used in Madaline.
Essence.
In one of the technical reports the memistor was described as follows:
Since the conductance was described as being controlled by the time integral of current as in Chua's theory of the memristor, the memistor of Widrow may be considered as a form of memristor having three instead of two terminals. However, one of the main limitations of Widrow's memistors was that they were made from an electroplating cell rather than as a solid-state circuit element. Solid-state circuit elements were required to achieve the scalability of the integrated circuit which was gaining popularity around the same time as the invention of Widrow's memistor.
An article on ArXiv suggests that the floating-gate MOSFET as well as other 3-terminal "memory transistors" may be modeled using dynamical systems equations in a similar fashion to the memristive systems of memristors.

</doc>
<doc id="31121374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121374" title="Talbragar fossil site">
Talbragar fossil site

The Talbragar fossil site is a paleontological site of Jurassic age in the central west of New South Wales, Australia. It lies about 30 km north-east of the town of Gulgong, and 300 km-north-west of Sydney. The site has been known for over a century during which it has been extensively excavated to the point of near exhaustion. It is now registered as a Crown Land Reserve for the preservation of fossils; access is by permit, and the collection of rocks and fossil specimens is prohibited. The 4 ha reserve is listed on the Australian Register of the National Estate.
Fossils.
The fossil-bearing rocks are fine-grained siltstones and mudstones that are part of the Purlawaugh formation. They occur mainly as loose blocks and weathered shales over an area of about 300 m by 80 m, with a thickness of no more than 60 cm. They are thought to be the remnants of sediments from a small freshwater lake, surrounded by forest, which existed about 175 million years ago when Australia was part of Gondwana. The site is the only Jurassic fish site known in New South Wales.
The fossil material consists principally of the fishes that lived in the lake, as well as plants from the forest, whose remains accumulated in the sediments on the lake bed and were preserved. Among the many species discovered are 16 kinds of plant, eight kinds of fish, several insects and a spider.

</doc>
<doc id="31121381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121381" title="Frank Dempsey">
Frank Dempsey

James Franklin Dempsey (May 27, 1925 – June 1, 2013) was an American college and professional football player who was a linebacker and lineman in the National Football League (NFL) and the Canadian Football League (CFL) for six seasons in the 1950s. Dempsey played college football for the University of Florida, and thereafter, he played professionally for the Chicago Bears of the NFL and the Hamilton Tiger-Cats and Ottawa Rough Riders of the CFL.
Early years.
Dempsey was born in Dothan, Alabama in 1925. He attended Miami Senior High School in Miami, Florida, and he played high school football for the Miami Stingarees.
College career.
Dempsey attended the University of Florida in Gainesville, Florida, where he played for coach Raymond Wolf's Florida Gators football team from 1946 to 1949. He was a standout lineman on offense and defense for the Gators at the lowest point in the history of their football program, ironically dubbed the "Golden Era" by the players. Dempsey graduated from the University of Florida with a bachelor's degree in physical education in 1950, and he was later inducted into the University of Florida Athletic Hall of Fame as a "Gator Great" in 1971.
Dempsey was remembered as a good-natured mischief maker and for the pranks and activities of his teammates that revolved around his World War II-era surplus Jeep.
Professional career.
The Chicago Bears selected Dempsey in the thirteenth round (166th pick overall) of the 1950 NFL Draft, and he played in thirty-nine games for the Bears from to . He was a versatile player, and at different times, he played both offense and defense, including linebacker, guard and tackle.
Dempsey played his final two professional seasons in the CFL, first for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats in and the first part of , and then for the Ottawa Rough Riders during the latter part of the 1955 season. He was selected as a CFL East All-Star in the first CFL All-Star Game in 1955.
Life after football.
After Dempsey's professional football career ended, he remained in Canada and became the owner of a successful fire arms and sporting goods store. In retirement, he lived in Oakville, Ontario, where he died June 1, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="31121451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121451" title="Munpalle">
Munpalle

Munpalle () is a village and mandal in Medak district of Andhra Pradesh, India.
The villages in Munpalle mandal includes: Antharam, Belur, Bhusareddipalle, Bodishetpalle, Bodpalle, Budhera, Chilepalle, Chinna Loni, Chinna Chelmeda, Garlapalle, Kamkole, Khammampalle, Lingampalle, Lonikalan, Lonikurdu, Makthakesaram, Mallikarjunpally, Mansanpalle, Melasangam, Moqdumpalle, Munpalle, Pedda Chelmeda, Pedda Gopalaram, Pedda Loni, Polkampalle, Tatipalle, Thakkadpalle etc..

</doc>
<doc id="31121462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121462" title="Leopoldo Girelli">
Leopoldo Girelli

Leopoldo Girelli (born 13 March 1953) is the current Apostolic Nuncio to Singapore. Girelli had previously served as Apostolic Nuncio to Indonesia and Apostolic Nuncio to Timor-Leste.
Girelli was born in Predore, Province of Bergamo in 1953. He was ordained a priest on 17 June 1978 and incardinated in the diocese of Bergamo. He graduated in Theology. He entered the Holy See's Diplomatic Corps after studying at the Pontifical Ecclesiastical Academy. 
He entered the diplomatic service of the Holy See on 13 July 1987 and worked in the papal diplomatic missions in Cameroon and New Zealand and at the Section for General Affairs of the Secretariat of State, and finally in the Apostolic Nunciature to the United States where he held the rank of Counsellor.
On 13 April 2006 Pope Benedict XVI appointed him Apostolic Nuncio to Indonesia and Titular Archbishop of "Capreae". He was ordained bishop on 17 June, with Cardinal Angelo Sodano as principal consecrator. On 10 October 2006 he was appointed Apostolic Nuncio to Timor-Leste in addition to his duties as Apostolic Nuncio to Indonesia.
On 13 January 2011 he was appointed Apostolic Nuncio to Singapore, Apostolic Delegate for Malaysia and for Brunei Darussalam, and non-residential papal representative for Vietnam. He was the first papal representative of any kind to be appointed for Vietnam since the expulsion in 1975 of the resident Apostolic Delegate. His appointment was approved by the Vietnamese Government, although Apostolic Delegates, being accredited not to the Government but to the Church in the country, are normally assigned without prior consultation of the Government. Accordingly, the 2012 Annuario Pontificio, the first edition published after the change, classified the papal representative office for Vietnam as an Apostolic Delegation, but referred to Archbishop Girelli not as an Apostolic Delegate but, generically, as Papal Representative for Vietnam.
On 18 June 2011 Girelli was also appointed Apostolic Nuncio to the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN).
When diplomatic relations with Malaysia were established on 27 July 2011, Girelli continued, pending the appointment of the first nuncio to that country, to act as non-diplomatic Apostolic Delegate for Malaysia, accredited to the Catholic Church in the country but not to the Government. The 2012 Annuario Pontificio gave no indication of where the first Nuncio to Malaysia was to be resident, whether in Malaysia, Singapore or elsewhere.

</doc>
<doc id="31121466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121466" title="Scrub brush">
Scrub brush

Scrub brush or scrubbrush may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31121468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121468" title="Robert Byrd (artist)">
Robert Byrd (artist)

Robert Byrd (born 1942) is an author and illustrator from Haddonfield, New Jersey.
Following high school, Byrd joined the U.S. Navy in 1961, leaving in 1962 to attend Trenton Junior College. After a year at Trenton, he switched to study at the Philadelphia College of Art (now the University of the Arts (Philadelphia).)
Robert wrote and illustrated five of his own picture books, including Leonardo, Beautiful Dreamer, a picture book chronicling, thematically, the life, and work of Leonardo da Vinci.
"I always drew as a child, but oddly enough never thought of it as a profession, or what you did when you grew up..Out of all my creative work, illustrating children's books gives me the greatest satisfaction. It is my 'fine art.' It keeps me going aesthetically. The books have a permanence and a quality of something meaningful."
He has also illustrated at least sixteen books for other authors, including Jack Stokes, Robert Kraus, Bruce Kraus, Laura Amy Schlitz, Kathleen Krull, Marilyn Jager Adams, and Paula Fox.
His work has been exhibited by the Society of Illustrators, the Philadelphia Art Alliance, and The Rosenfeld Gallery, in Philadelphia. He has also been exhibited in various locations within Switzerland, Italy, and Illinois. His work is a part of permanent collections at the Free Library of Philadelphia and the Philadelphia College of Art. 
He has won the Golden Kite Award, and received other accolades from the Children's Book Council and the Society of Illustrators.
Robert is a member of the Graphic Artists Guild, Philadelphia Children's Reading Round Table, and the Philadelphia College of Art Alumni Association.
And he teaches Children's Book Illustration at the University of the Arts, and Moore College of Art and Design, in Philadelphia.

</doc>
<doc id="31121476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121476" title="The River Saile">
The River Saile

"The River Saile" (known also as "Weile Waile") is a children's nursery rhyme from Ireland. This type of song is also known as a murder ballad or Child ballad, named for Francis James Child who was the first person to catalogue them before his death in 1896. The ballad was popularized by Irish folk band The Dubliners.
Lyrics.
There are many variations on the lyrics but this is the version popularized by The Dubliners. Even they changed the lyrics and the mention of the Special Branch detective was added during the 1970s when the Special Branch of the Garda Síochána, the Irish police force, were used for matters of national security. Previously. that line read "There were two policemen and a man, [etc.]" suggesting two uniformed officers and an investigating detective.
There was an old woman and she lived in the woods, weile weile waile.
There was an old woman and she lived in the woods, down by the river Saile.
She had a baby three months old, weile weile waile.
She had a baby three months old, down by the river Saile.
She had a penknife, long and sharp, weile weile waile.
She had a penknife, long and sharp, down by the river Saile.
She stuck the penknife in the baby’s heart, weile weile waile.
She stuck the penknife in the baby’s heart, down by the river Saile.
There were three loud knocks come a’knocking on the door, weile weile waile.
There were three loud knocks come a’knocking on the door, down by the river Saile.
There were two policemen and a Special Branch man, weile weile waile.
There were two policemen and a Special Branch man, down by the river Saile.
They took her away and they put her in the jail, weile weile waile.
They took her away and they put her in the jail, down by the river Saile.
They put a rope around her neck, weile weile waile.
They put a rope around her neck, down by the river Saile.
They pulled the rope and she got hung, weile weile waile.
They pulled the rope and she got hung, down by the river Saile.
And that was the end of the woman in the woods, weile weile waile.
And that was the end of the baby too, down by the river Saile.
History of the ballad.
The River Saile is believed to refer to the "Salach" which is the local name given to the River Poddle in the city of Dublin. "Salach" is an Irish language word meaning "filthy".
Child documented thirteen versions of the ballad, which he named "the cruel mother". All have variations on the same theme, a leal maiden giving birth to two children. The children are killed in different ways such as stabbing with a penknife, bound hand and foot and buried alive, or strangled.
The meaning of the phrase "weile weile waile" is unknown, but by a curious coincidence is remarkably similar to the Middle English lamentation "wailowai", "weilewei" etc. from Old English. It is an interjection, an exclamation of expressive grief, and is noted in the 14th-century poem, the "Song of Michael", the fourth of the "Kildare Poems", a collection of sixteen poems composed in Middle English from a manuscript discovered in Ireland, some of which were evidently composed by English colonists in Ireland.
Usage in popular culture.
The ballad has been cited in the following books: "Out of History" by Christina Hunt Mahony, "Annie Dunne" by Sebastian Barry, and "More Bread or I'll Appear" by Emer Martin. It was sung at the funeral of Ronnie Drew by a member of The Dubliners.
"Weile weile waile" was the preferred title for the book "Annie Dunne" by Sebastian Barry, who first heard the song aged four. He used the ballad in his novel to prepare readers for the violent anger of the protagonist, Annie, towards a young boy who had ruined a present.

</doc>
<doc id="31121479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121479" title="Ngio Ngam">
Ngio Ngam

Ngio Ngam may refer to several places in Thailand:

</doc>
<doc id="31121489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121489" title="Poonthotta Kaavalkaaran">
Poonthotta Kaavalkaaran

Poonthotta Kaavalkaaran (English: "The flower garden guard") is a 1988 Indian Tamil language film directed by Senthilnathan. The film features starring Vijayakanth, Radhika, Anand, Vani Viswanath and Livingston in lead roles. The film had musical score by Ilaiyaraaja and was released on 6 June 1988. It was remade in Sinhala as Ran Hadawatha starring Jeevan Kumaranathunga, Ranjan Ramanayaka, Nadeeka Gunasekara, Anoja Weerasinghe.
Soundtrack.
The music composed by Ilaiyaraaja.
Reception.
The film was a huge success and was considered one of the master piece of Senthilnathan. It was also the best action oriented film during the decade. It also projected Vijayakanth as a versatile actor, who was known to play excellent roles.

</doc>
<doc id="31121490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121490" title="Love Drunk (Loick Essien song)">
Love Drunk (Loick Essien song)

"Love Drunk" is the debut single by R&B singer Loick Essien, it features uncredited vocals from Bashy. It is the first single released from his upcoming debut album "Identity". It was released on 12 September 2010 on Sony Music Entertainment. The song entered the UK Singles Chart at number 57.
Music video.
The video was filmed in London September 2010. It was uploaded to YouTube on 16 January 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31121511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121511" title="Cteniopus sulphureus">
Cteniopus sulphureus

Cteniopus sulphureus is a species of "comb-clawed beetles" belonging to the family Tenebrionidae subfamily Alleculinae.
These beetles are mainly present in Denmark, Finland, Slovenia, Italy and Sweden.
The adults grow up to long. Elytra are pale yellow, while head and pronotum are orange-yellow. The shape of the head is extended forward. These thermophilic beetles can mainly be encountered in sunny places on inflorescences of Apiaceae and Asteraceae species, especially "Achillea" species.

</doc>
<doc id="31121520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121520" title="Venus and the Sun">
Venus and the Sun

Venus and the Sun is a 2011 short film based on myths from Ovid's Metamorphoses directed by Adam Randall, starring Keeley Hazell, Will Smith, and Ukweili Roach and written by Reuben Grove and produced by Andy Brunskill. 
The film premieres in London on the 10 March 2011 at the Rich Mix Cinema, Shoreditch
iPhone app.
A free app for the film is currently available to download from the App store containing mini games and the trailer. Users will then be able to pay for the full version which contains the film on the day of release.

</doc>
<doc id="31121521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121521" title="Bryyn">
Bryyn

Bryyn (; born Bryn Martin, January 31, 1980) is an American singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist based in Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio. His music has been described to be a new wave and independent folk pop intertwined with experimental and creative sounds. Bryyn is noted for self-recording and producing all of his music and released many songs under the creative commons license.
Early years.
Bryyn was born in Woodridge, Illinois and homeschooled during elementary school. He learned piano under the Suzuki method from the age of five and also studied flute. At age 14 Bryyn began playing guitar and started the Chicago based alternative rock band Ophur with neighborhood friend singer-songwriter Benson Krause. Bryyn performed as the lead guitarist and backup vocalist in Ophur, opening for national acts including The Plain White T's, Sum 41, Violent Femmes, Local H, Lucky Boys Confusion, Veruca Salt, Two Skinee J's, Duvall, and Sleeping at Last. Ophur held their final performance in 2003. The lead singer, Benson Krause, died of apparent suicide on January 22, 2008 after his car was struck by a commuter train. Bryyn also performed in the Downers Grove North High School jazz lab band and joined the College of DuPage Jazz ensemble. During high school and college, Bryyn worked as a clarinet, flute, and pipe organ repair technician and started a garage recording studio.
Career.
Bryyn relocated to Akron, Ohio in 2007 and then to Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania in 2008. In Pittsburgh, Bryyn collaborated with a local filmmaker and musician Michael Savisky of the Pittsburgh band Colonizing the Cozmos and Buddy Nutt, a musical saw player and multi-instrumentalist. Bryyn relocated to Lausanne, Switzerland in 2009 to explore the European music scene and work as a neuroscientist at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology. In 2010, Bryyn formed a band in Lausanne, Switzerland for live performances called Pinkle and the Polygons with vocalist/pianist and wife Rachel Martin, percussionist Nicola Cettou, bassist Jens Ingensand, and Ukelele player Aurelie Rewki.
The first Bryyn single, First Comes Rug Burn Then Comes Fire, was released in December 2009 by the blocSonic netlabel. A second single, Fractals, was released by blocSonic in December 2010.
In 2010, Bryyn started working with Twenty Ten Music, a Nashville music publisher led by Charlie Peacock working with The Civil Wars, Switchfoot, The Daylights, and Sleeping at Last, but was dropped in 2011 due to lack of commercial interest. Bryyn officially released three albums of music with Smartsound in 2010-2011 under the artist name Pinkle. In November 2010, Bryyn released the House Plants album with Berlin based free music netlabel Aaahh Records, home of the creative commons indie artist Entertainment for the Braindead, Keyboard Rebel, Uniform Motion, Emilie Lund and The Wind Whistles. All songs on the House Plants album were released at the internet archive under a creative commons license and are open for remixing by other artists. 
In 2012, Bryyn won a place in the top five finalists among over 2000 entrants at the Newsong Music Mountain Stage Contest, one of the premier singer-songwriter showcases in the United States. Later in 2012, Bryyn joined with Newsong Recordings to officially release a full length album entitled, In Shapes.
Influences.
As a child, Bryyn was influenced by the Andean music of Los Calchakis, classical music of Carl Orf, and experimental improvisational music of Morton Subotnick. In high school, Bryyn's musical taste was shaped by checking out large quantities of random compact disks from the public library. Bryyn also claims to be influenced by a number of Thrill Jockey record label artists including Trans Am and Tortoise, the alternative music of Nirvana, Beck and Pearl Jam, and Wes Montgomery.

</doc>
<doc id="31121522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121522" title="Kalher">
Kalher

Kalher () is a Mandal in Medak district of Andhra Pradesh, India.
The villages in Kalher includes: Kanapur,Anthergaon, Bachepalle, Bibipet, Hungera, Kadpal, Kalher, Krishnapur, Mardi, Masanpalle, Mubarakpur, Mungepalle, Nagdhar, Pochapoor, Ramreddipet, Raparthy, Sirgapoor,
Sultanabad 

</doc>
<doc id="31121523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121523" title="Matko Vekić">
Matko Vekić

Matko Vekić was born in 1970 in Zagreb, Croatia. He is a contemporary Croatian artist working in the medium of painting. He lives and works in Zagreb, Croatia.
Vekić uses diverse everyday motifs (cars, a rat and a goldfish, insects, traffic interchanges and bridges, relays and transmission lines, women terrorists and body builders, football players and models) to problematise and address the irony the state of contemporary society. From 1996 to 1999 he worked as a lecturer of drawing and painting at the School of Applied Arts and Design in Zagreb, and from 1999 to 2003 he was a teaching assistant (later assistant professor) at the Academy of Fine Arts in Široki Brijeg, University of Mostar. From 2007 he has been an assistant professor at the Academy of Fine Arts, University of Zagreb.
He has had many solo exhibitions in Croatia and abroad, including Gallery Nova (Zagreb, 1996), Art Gallery (Split, 2003) and Art Pavilion (Zagreb, 2005). Together with Nikola Koydl and Zoltan Novak, he was the Croatian representative at the Venice Biennale in 2009. His works belong to many museum and gallery collections, including the Modern Gallery in Zagreb, the Art Gallery Collection in Spilt and the Erste Bank Collection. He has received several awards, including the annual Filip Trade Award (Zagreb, 2003) and the annual Croatian Association of Artists for Young Painters (Zagreb, 2002).

</doc>
<doc id="31121526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121526" title="Donald Banks">
Donald Banks

Major-General Sir Thomas MacDonald "Donald" Banks KCB DSO MC TD (1891–1975) was a distinguished soldier, senior civil servant and a founder member and first Chairman of the Guernsey Society.
Family.
Banks was born in Guernsey on 31 March 1891, the son of Thomas Brownsort Banks, a stationer, and Margaret Elizabeth (née Roebuck). He had an elder sister, Blanche, and a younger brother, Maurice Rowley.
He married Dorothea Webster, and they had one daughter, Dawn Louise, born in 1932. Dawn's godmother was Princess Louise, as a result of Donald's command of the Kensington Regiment of the Territorial Army, of which she was patron. They lived in Lymington, Hampshire. Dorothea died in 1947. 
In 1948, Donald married Elizabeth Bradley of Lymington, and they had two children together. They moved to Cadnam Lodge in the New Forest, where he kept a herd of Guernsey cattle.
Early years.
He attended Elizabeth College, Guernsey between 1899 and 1909, where he was in the Shooting VIII 1908-9.
Career.
He entered the Home Civil Service in 1909 in the Exchequer and Audit Department. In 1914, he passed the Home Civil Service Examination, and was appointed to the Secretary's Office of the General Post Office (GPO). He was Private Secretary to the Secretary of the GPO, and between 1920 and 1923 was Private Secretary to four Postmasters-General in succession. In 1924, he was appointed Deputy Controller of the Post Office Savings Bank, and became Controller in 1931. He became first Director-General of the Post Office in 1934, where he was responsible for the introduction of the emergency service '999', as well as the speaking clock ('TIM'). He was knighted in the New Years’ Honours List of 1935.
In 1936, he transferred to the Air Ministry, where he was appointed Permanent Secretary, in 1938 becoming first Permanent Under Secretary of State for Air. He was responsible for setting up the Empire Air Training Scheme, and travelled to Australia and New Zealand to discuss the manufacture of aircraft there. 
After World War II, he resumed his civil service career in the Air Ministry. Sir Donald was Head of the United Kingdom delegation to the International Civil Aviation Organisation at Montreal in 1946, and Deputy Chairman of the Air Transport Advisory Council 1947-51. He was also a Director of De La Rue and Standard Telephones and Cables, and Chairman of the Anglo-Chinese Chamber of Commerce 1946-54.
In 1956, through his role with De La Rue, he became Master of the Worshipful Company of Makers of Playing Cards.
In his obituary, the Daily Telegraph described him as ""a man of ideas whose versatility contributed much to the national well-being in war and peace"".
Military Service.
He saw service in the First World War as Commanding Officer of the 10th (Service) Battalion Essex Regiment and the 8th Battalion Royal Berkshire Regiment. As a result of his actions, he was awarded the Distinguished Service Order (DSO), Military Cross (MC), the Croix de Guerre, and was mentioned in despatches twice.
After World War I he continued with the Territorial Army, and commanded the Kensington Regiment from 1927 to 1931.
The Second World War he returned to military service, and was Adjutant and Quartermaster General of the 50th (Northumbrian) Division. He served in the British Expenditionary Force (BEF) in 1940, and was mentioned in despatches. He became a Major-General in 1943. From 1940 to 1945 he was Director-General of the Petroleum Warfare Department, which developed innovative applications for petrol during the conflict, include FIDO, (fog dispersal at airports), and PLUTO (pipeline under the ocean taking fuels from England to Europe during & after the Invasion build-up).
In 1946, he was awarded Legion of Merit, Degree of Commander by the President of the United States of America. The citation reads:
Guernsey Society.
Donald was most concerned with the welfare of his fellow islanders exiled as a result of the German Occupation of the Channel Islands, and was in constant touch with the Home Office and Civil Servants responsible for the welfare of evacuees. He felt that there must be an informed voice and body of opinion among exiled Guernseymen and women that could influence the British Government, and assist the insular authorities after the hostilities were over. 
In 1942, he was approached by the Home Office to see if anything could be done to get over a reassuring message to the islanders, as it was known that, despite the fact that German authorities had banned radios, that the BBC was still being picked up secretly in Guernsey and Jersey. It was broadcast by the BBC on 24 April 1942.
He was instrumental in the founding of the Guernsey Society in 1943, as well as the publication of "Nos Iles" by the Channel Islands Study Group, following a Symposium in Oxford in 1944.
Donald served as Chairman of the Guernsey Society from its formation in 1943 until the end of 1946, when he was appointed Vice President. He was succeeded as Chairman by Commander Esten De Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="31121552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121552" title="Dorchester, Baltimore">
Dorchester, Baltimore

Dorchester is a neighborhood in the Northwest District of Baltimore. It is located between the neighborhoods of Arlington (north), Central Forest Park (south), Howard Park (west) and Gallway-Garrison (east). Maryland Route 26 (Liberty Heights Avenue) draws boundary between Dorchester and Central Forest Park. Dorchester's other boundaries are marked by Oakford Avenue, Eldorado Avenue and Garrison Boulevard.
MTA Bus Route 52 and Route 97 (Mondawmin Metro Shuttle Bug) provide service along Liberty Heights Avenue, connecting with the Metro Subway at Mondawmin station. Route 91 (MTA Maryland) runs along Garrison Boulevard, providing service between Sinai Hospital (north) and Downtown Baltimore (south).
Two public schools are located in the Dorchester neighborhood: Garrison Middle School, at 3910 Barrington Road, and Forest Park High School, at 3701 Eldorado Avenue.
Demographics.
A study by the Baltimore City Health Department in 2008 reported that Dorchester residents were 97% African-American, compared with a city average of 64%. Infant mortality for Dorchester, at 11.4 per thousand, was slightly below the city average of 11.7, but life expectancy of the neighborhood's residents, at 70.2 years, was somewhat shorter than the city average of 70.9 years.
Household income.
Dorchester had a median household income of $31,441 in 2008. However, household incomes producing this median varied widely, with the following ranges reported:
See also.
List of Baltimore neighborhoods

</doc>
<doc id="31121561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121561" title="Mobile enterprise application platform">
Mobile enterprise application platform

A mobile enterprise application platform (MEAP) is a comprehensive suite of products and services that enable development of mobile applications. The term was coined in a Gartner Magic Quadrant report in 2008 when they renamed their "multi-channel access gateway market".
Purpose.
MEAPs address the difficulties of developing mobile software by managing the diversity of devices, networks and user groups at the time of deployment and throughout the mobile solution’s lifecycle. Unlike standalone apps, a MEAP provides a comprehensive, long-term approach to deploying mobility. Cross-platform considerations are one big driver behind using MEAPs. For example, a company can use a MEAP to develop the mobile application once and deploy it to a variety of mobile devices (including smart phones, tablets, notebooks and ruggedized handhelds) with no changes to the underlying business logic.
Platform applications are best for companies that wish to deploy multiple applications on a single infrastructure, scaled to the size of their current mobile field force and available in an online and offline mode. Mobile platforms provide higher level languages and easy development templates to simplify and speed the mobile application development timeframe, requiring less programming knowledge for mobile business application deployment.
Rule of three.
The "Rule of Three" refers to a concept developed by analyst firm Gartner, whereby companies are encouraged to consider the MEAP approach to mobility when they need their mobile solutions to:
According to Gartner, using a common mobility platform, like an MEAP, brings considerable savings and strategic advantages in this situation.
Components and Features.
Structure.
A MEAP solution is generally composed of two parts: a "mobile middleware server" and a "mobile client application".
A middleware server is the solution component that handles all system integration, security, communications, scalability, cross-platform support, etc. No data is stored in the middleware server – it just manages data from the back-end system to the mobile device and back. Most MEAPs also come with a mobile configuration/development toolset that allows companies to create and adjust the mobile solutions.
Mobile applications are software that connect to the middleware server and drives both the user interface and the business logic on the device. These applications are often able to transfer seamlessly across the Mobile operating system, as a platform to launch applications upon. Mobile apps can be deployed as "thick" applications—or native apps that are installed on the device - or rendered in the device's browser using technologies such as HTML5 (something that's often called the "thin" approach). Whether a "thick" or "thin" application is deployed depends on application complexity, device support, requirements for user experience, and the need for app availability in the absence of network coverage.
Market.
The MEAP software market is constantly evolving and expanding. According to TechNavio's analysts, “the Global Mobile Enterprise Application Platform market will reach $1.6 billion in 2014.” 

</doc>
<doc id="31121576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121576" title="Science &amp; Technology Australia">
Science &amp; Technology Australia

Science & Technology Australia is an organisation representing the interests of about 68,000 Australian scientists and technologists, and promoting their views on a wide range of policy issues to the Australian Government, Australian industry, and the Australian community.
The organisation has three formal objectives:
The organisation was formerly known as the Federation of Australian Scientific and Technological Societies (FASTS) until June 2011. The Federation was formed in late 1985, as a reaction to the 1984 Australian Federal Budget, which made substantial cuts to funding for science; its formation followed the statements of the then Minister for Science, (Barry Jones), that the Australian S&T community did not provide him with sufficient support in his dealings with cabinet.
S&T Australia member societies.
The members are the societies which represent the professional interests of scientists and technologists in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="31121617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121617" title="Billy Lindsay">
Billy Lindsay

William "Billy" Lindsay (10 December 1872 – 27 February 1933) was a professional footballer. He played in the Football League for English sides Everton, Grimsby Town and Newcastle United, as well as the Southern League for Luton Town and Watford, and captained the latter four clubs. During his first season at Watford, he was part of the team that won promotion as champions of the 1903–04 Southern League Second Division.
Lindsay's brother, Jimmy, was also a professional footballer. Jimmy played for Bury against Derby County in the 1903 FA Cup Final; Bury won 6–0.

</doc>
<doc id="31121631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121631" title="Radical 27">
Radical 27

Radical 27 meaning "cliff" is 1 of 23 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of two strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 129 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31121640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121640" title="Speakers bureau">
Speakers bureau

A speakers bureau is a company which operates to facilitate speakers for clients requiring after-dinner speakers, motivational speakers, awards hosts, cabaret acts, conference facilitators and keynote speakers.
A speakers bureau will hold a database of personalities from diverse fields such as politics, sports, business, television and comedy. The speaker bureau team initiates the introduction between speaker and client, and supports both parties from the primary stages of making contact throughout the booking and logistics process.
Clients requiring speakers are usually businesses, corporations, charities, educational or public institutions.
A speakers bureau helps client and speaker negotiate a speaking fee. A speaking fee is a payment awarded to an individual for speaking at a public event. This fee is usually set by the speaker, or the speaker’s agent.
Logistics can be dealt with by the speaker bureau. This involves fees, transport, accommodation and timing, as well as communication between speaker and client.
Speakers bureaus come in various forms and traditionally charge a commission of the speaker's fee for their services. However, with the rise of the Internet, alternative business models have found a place. For example SpeakerMatch is an online platform that allows an organization and speaker to connect with one another directly and without the need of an agency. Traditional speaker bureaus are able to provide a more hands on experience for the client as well as handle contracts, negotiations, and other issues that may arise in the booking process. For smaller less complicated events, as well as organizations with smaller budgets, however, it may not be necessary to use an agency. There are pros and cons of using one over the other.
Types of speakers.
A motivational speaker or keynote speaker is a professional speaker who speaks publicly with the intention of inspiring and motivating a relevant audience. In a business context, they are employed to clearly communicate company strategy and assist employees to see the future in a positive light and inspire workers to come together as a team.

</doc>
<doc id="31121645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121645" title="Theatre Royal (film)">
Theatre Royal (film)

Theatre Royal is a 1943 British comedy film directed by John Baxter and starring Bud Flanagan, Chesney Allen and Peggy Dexter. A theatre is threatened with closure, but its staff fight to raise funds and secure the support of an important backer.

</doc>
<doc id="31121651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121651" title="Frank McGuirt">
Frank McGuirt

Frank McGuirt was a Democratic member of the North Carolina House of Representatives and a former sheriff of Union County, North Carolina.
McGuirt was appointed to the legislature in March 2011 to replace Rep. Pryor Gibson, who had resigned. He represents House District 69, which includes all of Anson County and part of Union County. His term ended January 1, 2013.
References.
McGuirt served as sheriff of Union County from 1979 to 2002 when he retired. He then opened McGuirt Advertising a promotional products dealership. He was also a licensed private investigator, associated with Allen's Professional Investigations. Prior to becoming sheriff he was a deputy sheriff under Sheriff Shelly Griffin and Frank Fowler, rising to rank of lieutenant. McGuirt was a crime scene investigator and fingerprint technician. Prior to the sheriff's office he was a Monroe City Firefighter for 3 years. McGuirt also operated a retail store specializing in phonograph records and photography. He also was a partner in a commercial printing company in Monroe for several years.
Frank McGuirt and his wife the former Jenny Ratliff of Anson County are the parents of two sons, William of Hunterville, NC and Jonathan of Monroe, NC. Jonathan and his wife, Christina, are the parents of Frank's granddaughter, Elizabeth, born January 10, 2011.
While sheriff Frank McGuirt served as president of the NC Sheriffs' Association and was named Union County Man of the Year. 

</doc>
<doc id="31121666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121666" title="Machavaram">
Machavaram

Machavaram may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31121670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121670" title="1998 DFB-Ligapokal">
1998 DFB-Ligapokal

The 1998 DFB-Ligapokal was the second edition of the DFB Liga-Pokal. In a repeat of last year's competition, Bayern Munich beat VfB Stuttgart in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="31121679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121679" title="Travel Insured International">
Travel Insured International

Travel Insured International is a privately held American travel insurance supplier. It specializes in travel insurance and emergency assistance services. Travel Insured International is headquartered out of East Hartford, Connecticut within the historical insurance hub of greater Hartford, Connecticut. The company maintains a network of more than 5,000 travel agents, tour operators, and specialty travel providers.
History.
Travel Insured International is one of the leading travel insurance providers, offering the highest quality worldwide travel insurance protection since 1994. Located in East Hartford, Connecticut, the company offers an array of travel insurance protection benefits including Emergency Assistance and Evacuation, Trip Cancellation and Trip Interruption Protection, Medical Insurance, Baggage Insurance, Airline Ticket Protection, and more. Travel Insured maintains a network of more than 5,000 travel agents, tour operators, and specialty travel providers as well as provides 24/7 insurance assistance that allows you to travel relaxed, travel secure, and travel insured.
Operating Territory.
Travel Insured International primarily insures travelers based in the United States. It has partnered with travel agencies in all 50 states.

</doc>
<doc id="31121680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121680" title="Machavaram, Medak">
Machavaram, Medak

Machavaram is a village in Medak district in the state of Telangana in India.
The Village formed in early 1900s(around 1910),it was under nizam rule.people are well educated and adavanced village culture,Roads and drainage were well developed in the village.people do Rice, Sugar-Cane and sun flower Crops.Primary and High School till 10th Education is available.It is famous for kabaddi(Hearbeat of Village) players and every year sports events are held here.Nizam sugar factory is located nearby to the village.

</doc>
<doc id="31121691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121691" title="Jamie Reckord">
Jamie Reckord

Jamie Vincent Junior Reckord (born 9 March 1992) is an English footballer who plays as a full back. He is currently under contract at Wolverhampton Wanderers but will leave the club at the conclusion of his contract in June 2014.
Career.
Reckord joined Wolverhampton Wanderers academy in December 2001, before signing professional terms in 2010. He has previously represented England both at under 16 and under 17 level.
In March 2011 he moved on loan for the rest of the season at League Two side Northampton Town, where he made his professional debut a day before his 19th birthday in a 1–2 defeat at Chesterfield.
He made his Wolves debut in a League Cup match on 23 August 2011 in a 4–0 win over his former loan club, Northampton. This was to be his only appearance for the club until another League Cup tie two years later.
On 30 January 2012, Reckord joined League One side Scunthorpe United on a month's loan, later extended for a further month. He went out on loan again in September 2012, when he joined League One side Coventry City on an agreed 93-day emergency loan, but he was ultimately recalled early after failing to get regular playing time.
In September 2013 he was loaned to League Two side Plymouth Argyle for three months, during which he made 16 appearances.
On January 2014 he again moved on loan, this time to League One Swindon Town in a three-month deal. Reckord made only three appearances for the Robins during this loan before returning to Wolves. It has been announced that his contract will not be extended beyond its June 2014 conclusion.

</doc>
<doc id="31121727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121727" title="Bring Me Down (You Don't)">
Bring Me Down (You Don't)

"Bring Me Down (You Don't)" is a song by British rock band Love Amongst Ruin, written by singer and guitarist Steve Hewitt. The song has frequently been performed live by the band.
Background.
The music for "Bring Me Down (You Don't)" is taken from the song "Bel Air", by krautrock band Can. The song was recorded along with the rest of the band's debut album in 2007 and 2008. Steve Hewitt said of the writing process, "I used the music from a band called Can and I put my own lyrics to it and rearranged it". He later had to submit the song to Can's publishers and it was not approved for release. As a result of the rejection, the song was replaced on the album with "Come On Say It".
Release.
An acoustic version of the song was given away by the band as a free download on SoundCloud on 8 November 2011, in advance of the release of "Acoustic".

</doc>
<doc id="31121729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121729" title="Double-swing model">
Double-swing model

The double-swing model (also known as the Möbius integration philosophy) is a model of intercultural communication, originated by Muneo Yoshikawa, conceptualizing how individuals, cultures, and intercultural notions can meet in constructive ways. The communication is understood as an infinite process where both parties change in the course of the communicative or translational exchange.
Overview.
Yoshikawa highlights four major ways of handling the crossing of a cultural boundary:
He emphasizes that both communication parties play the role of addresser and addressee. In the double-swing model, communication is seen as an infinite process and the two participants will both change during their meeting. He underlines that the goal of communication is not to eliminate differences, but to use the dynamics that arise through the encounter.
The model is graphically presented as the infinity symbol (∞), also as a Möbius strip, visualizing the twofold movement between the self and the other that allows for both unity and uniqueness. The front side and the back side of the strip appear divided, but both sides are apparently interconnected, and may be viewed as one and the same. This theoretical model indicates that one is neither this side or that side nor beyond both sides, but one is the between. Yoshikawa calls the unity that is created out of the realization of differences "identity in unity". This dialogical unity does not eliminate the tension between basic potential unity and apparent duality.
Yoshikawa coined the term "dynamic in-betweenness", suggesting how the individual is able to move between different cultural traditions, acting appropriately and feeling at home in each, and in doing so simultaneously maintains an integrated, multi-cultural sense of self. Rather than the either/or identity of encapsulated marginals, constructive marginals experience their movement between cultures as both/and.
The model has been related to the notion of pendulation described by Peter A. Levine, the swinging back and forth between our point of view and that of the other that allows the potential for understanding each other.
History.
In 1978, Muneo Yoshikawa published an essay of personal reflections upon his psychological evolution as a Japanese in the United States, highlighting the role of identity inclusiveness and identity security as the very essence of what it means to be an interculturally competent person. In 1980, he first proposed the double-swing model, developing it later in 1987. The theory became also known as the "Möbius integration philosophy" and served as a premise for the theory of "integrative philosophy", developed by Muneo Yoshikawa in collaboration with Shozo Hibino.

</doc>
<doc id="31121730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121730" title="Hull Victoria Pier railway station">
Hull Victoria Pier railway station

Corporation Pier station was the Manchester, Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway's booking office for their ferry service between Corporation Pier, Hull and on in Lincolnshire.. It was not rail connected, but served as a ticket office and waiting room for the Humber Ferry.
After a visit by Queen Victoria in 1854 the station and pier were renamed Victoria Pier station in her honour. The station closed in 1985 with the end of the Humber ferry service.
History.
The Manchester, Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway (MS&LR) opened their line from to on 1 March 1848, and from the outset this ran in conjunction with a ferry service between New Holland and the port of Hull. The MS&LR operated their own fleet of steamships for the service.
The first MS&LR offices in Hull, at Walkington's Lodgings, were purchased in January 1849 for £850. The company's offices were moved in August that year to 7 Nelson Street, a building which also contained the living quarters for the clerk in charge. These offices expanded into the adjacent building in May 1854.
The Great Grimsby and Sheffield Junction Railway, one of several companies which amalgamated in 1847 to form the MS&LR, had obtained powers on 26 June 1846 to establish proper pier facilities at Hull. These eventually lapsed without being used, and in the absence of quays which could be used at low tide, passengers were conveyed between ships at anchor and the shore in small boats. Soon after April 1856, Edward Watkin, the MS&LR General Manager, offered the Mayor of Hull £40 per annum towards the maintenance of the Corporation Pier, Kingston upon Hull in return for the use of that pier. This was then used, not just for the New Holland ferry service, but also for services to Barrow Haven and Barton-upon-Humber.
On 13–14 October 1854, Queen Victoria visited Hull, and on the morning of 14 October sailed for Grimsby from Hull Corporation Pier, which the following day was renamed "Hull Victoria Pier".
The offices at Victoria Pier closed on 25 June 1981, with the withdrawal of the ferry service following the opening of the Humber Bridge.

</doc>
<doc id="31121736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121736" title="Muneo Yoshikawa">
Muneo Yoshikawa

Muneo Jay Yoshikawa (吉川 宗男) is a Japanese professor, author, researcher and consultant in the fields of intercultural communication, human development, human resource management, and leadership.
Career.
Muneo Yoshikawa was born in Tokyo in 1938 and went to study in the United States at the age of 18, graduating from Linfield College in Oregon. He then received his graduate degree and subsequently a Ph.D. from the University of Hawaii. Yoshikawa retired from the University of Hawaii after 35 years of teaching, currently residing in Japan.
Yoshikawa studied the Communication Theory, the New Paradigm Theory, and the Life Information Science Theory. He developed communication theories in the education, health, and business fields, best known among them being the double-swing model of intercultural communication.
He holds the rank of professor emeritus at the University of Hawaii and he is a member of the Board of Directors of Intercultural Open University Foundation (he was originally involved as a mentor and international advisor to this foundation since its inception in 1981). He is also co-director of Mobius Graduate School in Tokyo, councilor of the International Advisory Counsel of The Asian Strategy & Leadership Institute (Malaysia) and associate of Ken Blanchard Companies (San Diego, California). Yoshikawa is also involved in corporate education field, with a focus on multinational and multicultural companies.
Double-swing model.
The double-swing model (also known as the Möbius integration philosophy) is model of intercultural communication, originated by Muneo Yoshikawa, conceptualizing how individuals, cultures, and intercultural notions can meet in constructive ways. The communication is understood as an infinite process where both parties change in the course of the communicative or translational exchange, emphasizing that both communication parties play the role of addresser and addressee.
The dialogical mode draws upon the Buddhist philosophy (the logic of soku hi) and the ideas of the Jewish philosopher Martin Buber (the I-Thou relationship) in seeing human beings as complete only in relationship. Whilst the dialogue is between two people who are separate and independent, they are simultaneously and inevitably interdependent. The model is graphically presented as the infinity symbol (∞), also as a Möbius strip, visualizing the twofold movement between the self and the other that allows for both unity and uniqueness.

</doc>
<doc id="31121740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121740" title="Radical 28">
Radical 28

Radical 28 meaning "private" is 1 of 23 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of two strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 40 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31121754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121754" title="Diocese of Stockholm">
Diocese of Stockholm

Diocese of Stockholm may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31121758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121758" title="Sensenbrenner syndrome">
Sensenbrenner syndrome

Sensenbrenner syndrome (OMIM #218330) is a rare (less than 20 cases reported by 2010) multisystem disease first described in 1975. It is inherited in an autosomal recessive fashion, and a number of genes appear to be responsible. Three genes responsible have been identified: intraflagellar transport (IFT)122 (WDR10), IFT43 - a subunit of the IFT complex A machinery of primary cilia, and WDR35 (IFT121: TULP4)
It is also known as Sensenbrenner–Dorst–Owens syndrome, Levin Syndrome I and cranioectodermal dysplasia (CED)
Clinical features.
These are pleomorphic and include
Electroretinography shows gross abnormalities. 
Two fetuses of 19 and 23 weeks gestation have also been reported. They showed acromesomelic shortening, craniofacial characteristics with absence of craniosynostosis, small kidneys with tubular and glomerular microscopic cysts, persistent ductal plate with portal fibrosis in the liver, small adrenals, an enlarged cisterna magna and a posterior fossa cyst.
Genetics.
The gene IFT122 is located on the long arm of chromosome 3 (3q21-3q24). The gene lies on the Watson (plus) strand and is 80,047 bases in length. The encoded protein has 1241 amino acids and a predicted weight of 141.825 kiloDaltons (kDa). It is a member of the WD repeat protein family.
WDR35 is also a member of the WD repeat protein family. The gene is located on the short arm of chromosome 2 (2p24.1 - 2p24.3) The gene lies on the Crick (minus) strand and is 79,745 bases in length. The encoded protein is 1181 amino acids in length and its predicted molecular weight is 133.547 kiloDaltons. 
The gene IFT43 lies on the Watson (plus) strand of the long arm of chromosome 14 (14q24.3). 
A mouse model for IFT122 has been created. Mutants deficient in IFT122 show multiple developmental defects (many are lethal), including exencephaly, situs viscerum inversus, delay in turning, hemorrhage and defects in limb development. In the node, primary cilia were absent or malformed in homozygous mutant and heterozygous embryos, respectively. 
Impairment of the Sonic hedgehog pathway was apparent in both neural tube patterning (expansion of motoneurons and rostrocaudal level-dependent contraction or expansion of the dorsolateral interneurons) and limb patterning (ectrosyndactyly).
Pathology.
The visual defects are due to photoreceptor dystrophy. The chronic renal failure is due to tubulointerstitial nephropathy. The liver fibrosis is secondary to ductal plate malformation.
Pathophysiology.
The IFT machinery is organized in two structural complexes - A and B. These complexs are involved in the coordinated movement of macromolecular cargo from the basal body along axonemal microtubules to the cilium tip and back again. The anterograde movement of IFT particles out to the distal tip of cilia and flagella is driven by kinesin-2 while the retrograde movement of particles back to the cell body is driven by cytoplasmic dynein 1b/2
The IFT-A protein complex is involved in retrograde ciliary transport. Disruption of IFT43 disturbs transport from the ciliary tip to the base. Anterograde transport in the opposite direction remains normal resulting in accumulation of the IFT complex B proteins in the ciliary tip.

</doc>
<doc id="31121765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121765" title="Yelena Arzhakova">
Yelena Arzhakova

Yelena Vladimirovna Arzhakova (; born September 8, 1989) is a Russian runner who specializes in the middle distance events.
The 2011 European Indoor champion at 1500m, Arzhakova was suspended from athletics in 2013 following a failed doping control, after an abnormailty was found in her biological passport. Her results from July 2011 were expunged, as a result of which she was stripped of her further European outdoor and European under-23 titles. Her suspension is due to end on Jan 29, 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="31121786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121786" title="White River Entrance">
White River Entrance

The White River Entrance to Mount Rainier National Park is a complex of buildings built between 1929 and 1931 to accommodate visitors arriving on the Yakima Park Highway, in the northeastern portion of the park. Like most of the structures in Mount Rainier, the buildings are designed in the National Park Service Rustic style, using natural stone and log materials. The historic district includes the 1933 Men's Mess Hall and Dormitory, believed to be the only surviving camp structure built by the Civilian Conservation Corps in the park. 
The Ranger and Checking Station was built starting in 1929. Access was difficult, since Yakima Park Highway construction had not yet reached the area. Work was not entirely completed until 1931. Design was by the National Park Service Branch of Plans and Design, under the supervision of Thomas Chalmers Vint. The station is a one-story T-shaped log structure of seven rooms, with a porte-cochere extending over the road. It follows the prototype of the Nisqually Entrance Station, although the Nisqually station was remodeled to incorporate the porte-cochere first used at White River. The building provided living and working quarters for a ranger, with two bedrooms, a dining room, kitchen bathroom and living room. 
Men's and women's "comfort stations," or public toilets, were built nearby in 1931 in a similar style. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 13, 1991. It is part of the Mount Rainier National Historic Landmark District, which encompasses the entire park and which recognizes the park's inventory of Park Service-designed rustic architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="31121801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121801" title="Kondapur">
Kondapur

Kondapur or Kondapoor (Telugu language: "konda" = hill, "pur" = settlement) may refer to place in Andhra Pradesh, India:

</doc>
<doc id="31121803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121803" title="Yekaterina Sharmina">
Yekaterina Sharmina

Yekaterina Mikhaylovna Sharmina (née Martynova; ; born August 6, 1986 in Bryansk) is a Russian runner who specializes in the middle distance events.
She is coached by Svetlana Pleskach-Styrkina, who also coaches Yekaterina Kostetskaya.

</doc>
<doc id="31121804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121804" title="Radical 29">
Radical 29

Radical 29 meaning "and", "again" or "right hand" is 1 of 23 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of two strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 91 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31121814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121814" title="Birds of a Feather (1936 film)">
Birds of a Feather (1936 film)

Birds of a Feather is a 1936 British comedy film directed by John Baxter and starring George Robey, Horace Hodges and Eve Lister. A sausage-making tycoon rents a castle from an impoverished aristocrat. It was adapted from the play "A Rift in the Loot" by George Foster.

</doc>
<doc id="31121816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121816" title="Bangladeshi presidential election, 1978">
Bangladeshi presidential election, 1978

Presidential elections were held in Bangladesh on 3 June 1978. They were the first public elections for President, who had previously been elected by Parliament. The result was a victory for Ziaur Rahman, who won 76.6% of the vote. Turnout was 54.3%.

</doc>
<doc id="31121818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121818" title="Chapter 2 of the Syrian Constitution">
Chapter 2 of the Syrian Constitution

Chapter 2 of the Syrian Constitution is the second part of the Syrian constitution introduced on 13 March 1973. The chapter contains 81 articles in three parts. It discusses the powers of the Syrian state, including, the legislative authority, the executive authority and the Local People's Councils.
Legislative Authority.
The constitution defines the People's Assembly as a unicameral legislature consisting of 250 members. Members of the People's Assembly are elected to a 4-year term by general, secret, direct and equal ballot. The constitution provides a 50% quota of the People's Assembly to workers and peasants. The powers of the People's Assembly include, nomination of the president, debating cabinet policy, approving the budget and ratification of international treaties. The Assembly can not initiate laws but it has the right to amend and approve them. The president is only liable to the assembly in cases of high treason.
Executive Authority.
President of the Republic.
The constitution stipulates that the President of the Republic is the head of the state, the chief executive officer of the executive authority and the commander-in-chief of the armed forces. The nomination for the presidency is proposed by the Ba'ath Party and approved by the parliament. According to the constitution, the nominee must be Arab Syrian, Muslim and over 34 years of age. The nominee is then confirmed through a referendum for a 7-year term. The constitution does not specify a term limit for the president.
The constitution gives the office of the president great executive and legislative powers. The president is responsible for appointing and dismissing the Council of Ministers, the prime minister, and other top civil servants and military officers as well as members of the High Constitutional Court. The president may also dissolve the People's Assembly and appoint an unlimited number of vice presidents.
Cabinet and Council of Ministers.
The constitution defines the cabinet as the highest executive and administrative body. It consists of the prime minister, the deputy prime minister and the ministers. The constitution states that the ministers are responsible to the president of the republic.
Local People's Councils.
Article 129 of the constitution defines the Local People's Councils as follows:
The Local People's Councils are bodies which exercise their powers within the administrative units in accordance with the law.

</doc>
<doc id="31121829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121829" title="Take Back Plenty">
Take Back Plenty

Take Back Plenty (1990), is a novel by Colin Greenland and is the winner of both major British science fiction awards, the 1990 British SF Association award and the 1991 Arthur C. Clarke Award, as well as being a nominee for the 1992 Philip K. Dick Award for the best original paperback published that year in the United States.
The "Plenty series" starts with "Take Back Plenty" and continues with "Seasons of Plenty" (1995), the collection "The Plenty Principle" (1997), containing a prequel to the series "In the Garden: The Secret Origin of the Zodiac Twins". and "Mother of Plenty" (1998).
Reception.
Both Michael Moorcock and Brian Aldiss praised the novel. Moorcock stated that the novel was "intelligent, literate space opera" in the tradition of "The Stars My Destination", "The Paradox Men" by Charles L. Harness and "Nova".

</doc>
<doc id="31121841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121841" title="List of Olympic venues in diving">
List of Olympic venues in diving

For the Summer Olympics, there are 25 venues that have been or will be used for diving.

</doc>
<doc id="31121844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121844" title="Kondapur, Ranga Reddy">
Kondapur, Ranga Reddy

Kondapur ("konda" = hill, "pur" = settlement) is a suburban area in the Ranga Reddy district of Telangana, India.
Economy.
Kondapur is located in the Cyberabad information technology zone and in the last decade it has rapidly grown into a modern business hub. Still the basic amenities like concrete roads, underground drainage, water supply and power supply must be further developed and regulated in the residential areas. 
The region had a real estate and commercial expansion in last decade (1996 - 2010) and is one of most expensive place to live in Hyderabad and the permanent residents pay a high property tax. A subsequent over-supply of apartments has led to a real estate price stagnation during 2010 to 2013 which however could recover from 2014.
Kondapur has many supermarkets such as Vijetha supermarket, Arunodayam Supermarket and medical facilities (Apollo health care, Kondapur Government hospital). The nearest sport facilities are available in Gachibowli sport arena. The well connected bus services of APSRTC offer 127k - from Kondapur to Koti,10H - from Kondapur to Secunderabad,47k - from Secunderabad to Kondapur, 222 -from Patancheru via Kondapur to koti and more connections towards Dilsukhnagar.The International airport is approximately 30 kilometers, accessed through the outer ring road with bus (Airport service) and taxis. The nearest Hyderabad MMTS connection is available from Hafeezpet and the Hyderabad metroline connection would be available from Hitec-city stop. 
The shopping zone of Kondapur center, Madhapur, Kothaguda, and Hitec-city is diverse, with all the major banks facilities available, along with a choice of restaurants and street food outlets. The cultural center of Shilparamam is 2 Km away and the botanical garden/reserve forest of Kondapur is a rare patch of greenery in the concrete maze of Hyderabad.
There are many schools such as Samskrithi Concept School,Sumanjali High School, G.V.R Talent School, Goutham Grammar School, New bloom School, Sharada school, Sanskriti Schook Leap Pre school, Chirec public school, Maharshi school, MAMA & ME School with Daycare.

</doc>
<doc id="31121855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121855" title="Horace Hodges">
Horace Hodges

Horace Hodges (1865–1951) was a British film actor and writer.

</doc>
<doc id="31121861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121861" title="Slavotin Point">
Slavotin Point

Slavotin Point (, ‘Nos Slavotin’ \'nos 'sla-vo-tin\) is the low rocky point on the southeast coast of Nelson Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica forming the east side of the entrance to Tuida Cove.
It is situated 4.47 km west-southwest of Duthoit Point, 4.17 km east-northeast of Ivan Alexander Point and 11.31 km east by north of Ross Point.
The point is named after the settlement of Slavotin in Northwestern Bulgaria.
Location.
Slavotin Point is located at . British mapping in 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="31121878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121878" title="2010–11 Australian Figure Skating Championships">
2010–11 Australian Figure Skating Championships

The 2010-2011 Australian Figure Skating Championships were the Australian Figure Skating Championships of the 2010-2011 figure skating season. They were the national championship to determine the national champions of Australia.
Skaters competed in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies singles, ice dancing, and synchronized skating across many levels, including Senior, Junior, Novice, Adult, and the pre-novice disciplines of Primary and Intermediate.
The event was held in Melbourne, Victoria from 25 November through 3 December 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="31121880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121880" title="Liber Orationum Psalmographus">
Liber Orationum Psalmographus

Liber Orationum Psalmographus (LOP), subtitled "The Psalter Collects of the Ancient Hispanic Rite" (that is Mozarabic Rite) "– recomposition and critical edition", is a unique edition of 591 so-called "prayers on psalms" or "psalm-prayers" rendered from Latin "orationes super psalmos" or "orationes psalmicae" respectively. They could be defined as short prayers said optionally at the end of a psalm recitation in some Christian liturgies. LOP was published by Jorge Pinell in 1972 (Barcelona-Madrid) as the 9th volume of "Monumenta Hispaniae Sacra". The subject, the editor and the date of its publication were closely related to the Second Vatican Council (1962–1965) and the reform of the Latin liturgy begun then within the Roman Catholic Church. The text of LOP can be considered to be the main content of a still missing fifth volume of the Liturgy of the Hours. It was renewed in 1971 according to that Counci's principles laid in the Constitution on the Sacred Liturgy "Sacrosanctum Concilium". The volume was mentioned in the same year in the "General Instruction of the Liturgy of the Hours" (para 112), but for some reason has not been published.
Psalm-prayers.
Recitation difficulties.
The Biblical Psalms are the core of the Divine Office or the Liturgy of the Hours, a Christian prayer practice. Throughout its history, beginning in the pre-Christian era in the context of Jewish religion, believers have been reciting or singing these 150 poems. Scholars point out two main types of this practise in antiquity: so-called "cursus cathedralis" (a cathedral way of psalms recitation) and "cursus monasticus" (a monastic way of psalms recitation), which are relevant to the discussion on the modern Divine Office. The "cursus cathedralis" was characteristic of urban churches where secular clergy, especially bishops, presided over the liturgy, hence an adjective "cathedral" in the name. It arranged the order of psalms according to the daily solar cycle, which means that specific psalms were sung at sunrise, others at sunset and some during other parts of the day. Their texts corresponded somehow to the day part. The lyrical subjects praise God in a particular time setting, usually mentioned literally. In "cursus monasticus", the whole Psalter was recited continuously through the day and night, regardless of content. Such a practise was typical of monasticism.
Both ways of reciting the psalms caused some difficulties. The meaning of these Biblical poems was not always clear. Most Christians received the Psalter through the "Septuagint", a Greek translation by Alexandrian Jews from the 3rd century BC, rather than in its original Hebrew version. Even after translation its grammar structure and style of syntax remained essentially Hebrew. This rendered Septuagint partly incomprehensible without serious philological studies. Despite these apparent problems the Greek translation of the Psalter not only became widespread, but was many times translated into everyday Latin, which made the meaning of the text unclear. However, the influence of these translations was so huge that believers in the West did not accept Jerome's Latin Psalter rendering of the Hebrew version. The power of "usus" among the ancient Christians was much stronger than the need of clear understanding.
Helping tools.
To resolve problems of understanding and to avoid sleepiness, boredom and lack of concentration arising during long recitations, Christians added many elements to the Divine Office. A few remained relevant in Latin Christianity.
Almost always the psalms are surrounded in contemporary editions of liturgical books by so-called antiphons, short sung sentences preceding and following a particular psalm or an entire psalmody (set of psalms). Antiphons have many sources. Often it is just a verse taken from a psalm as a kind of key-verse to interpret the whole poem. Usually in solemnities, feasts and special seasons of the liturgical year, like the Advent, Lent or Eastertide, antiphons render passages from the remaining books of the Bible or Patristic writings, casting light on psalms in the context of the particular liturgical time.
Moreover, each psalm has a set of texts, almost always printed alongside the poem. Right after the number of a psalm, editors print the heading (Latin "titulus") which is a brief summary of the psalm. A quotation from the New Testament or Patristic writings follows, providing a Christian interpretation. Each psalm ends with a doxology, which is a short praise of the Holy Trinity, putting the psalm in context. Then editors recommend to keep a "sacred silence": a time for a private silent meditation on the text. Psalm-prayers can follow.
Contrary to the "helping tools" these prayers were not testified in the Roman Rite until the reform of the Liturgy of the Hours after the Second Vatican Council. The"General Instruction of the Liturgy of the Hours" does not give their particular definition, but enumerates them alongside the antiphons and the headings in Chapter 3 "The Various parts of the Liturgy of the Hours", Section 2 "The Antiphons and Other Parts which Help in Praying the Psalms" (paras 110-120). Moreover, there is no consistency in the terminology. A term "oratio psalmica" - " psalm-prayer" - appears together with a more meaningful term "oratio super psalmum", which could be translated literally as "a prayer on a psalm". A particular aim of such a prayer is stated: "the psalm-prayer sums up the aspirations and emotions of those saying them" ("oratio psallentium affectus colligat et concludat" – para 112 ). These prayers should be provided by "a Supplement to the book of the Liturgy of the Hours" as the "Instruction" claims. Such a supplement has never appeared.
Liber Orationum Psalmographus.
Pinell's work on the reform of the liturgy.
Although it is difficult to explain the Supplement absence, it is possible to find how its announcement was included in the "Instruction". According to the reports of the several post-conciliar commissions working on liturgy reform, Jorge Pinell OSB (1921–1997) gave a particular impulse to introduce psalm-prayers to the renewed Liturgy of the Hours. He was a Spanish monk of the Abbey Santa Maria de Montserrat belonging to the Benedictine Subiaco Congregation. Pinell studied at Catholic University of Leuven, Pontifical Gregorian University and Pontificio Ateneo Sant Anselmo in Rome and became a professor of liturgical studies at the latter. Staying there he actively took part in works on liturgy reform after the Second Vatican Council as a scholar and a member, so-called consultor, of the "Consilium ad Exsequendam Constitutionem de Sacra Liturgia" – "Commission for implementing the Constitution on the Sacred Liturgy" "Sacrosanctum Concilium" promulgated in 1963.
Members of the commission knew about Pinell's work on the critical edition of psalm-prayers and were waiting for the final draft. Although Pinell considered only the psalm-prayers of the Mozarabic or Old Spanish Rite, there was a reason to use them in the reform of the Roman Rite. The aim of the reform was to reshape highly monasticised "heavy" Roman Rite to its original "light" cathedral form. The lack of sources from such a primitive stage of the Roman Rite development made this task impossible, at least directly. Commission members decided to include "cathedral" elements of other Latin rites. Such "cathedral" elements taken from the Spanish Rite were psalm-prayers.
Psalm-prayers' role in the renewed Liturgy of the Hours would be to ease recitations. Others did not want to include psalm-prayers to the main text of the Liturgy because another aim of the reform was simplicity. Hence they chose to present the psalm-prayers in a separate book: the Supplement.
Pinell's work outside the reform of the liturgy.
Eventually in 1971 the renewed Liturgy of the Hours was published without a supplement. Pinell published his work a year later in 1972. Contrary to the previous editions of the psalm-prayers presenting three series of such prayers depended on their assumed origin (African, Roman, Spanish). LOP, though limited to one Spanish series, includes a 300-page general introduction to the psalm-prayers and the critical apparatus attached to each. The apparatus provides references to all sources testifying a prayer. The range of sources is much wider than in aforementioned works, whose editors used only psalters containing the prayers following each psalm. The sources of LOP include the Mozarabic psalter preserved in an 11th-century manuscript from the Spanish Abbey of Santo Domingo de Silos, "Liber Misticus" or "Mixtus" (10th-11th century), "Liber Orationum Festivus" (8th-9th century), "Liber Ordinum" (11th century), "Liber Horarum" (11th century). Pinell considered early modern printed books from such as "Breviarium secundum regulam beati Isidori" (Toledo 1502) or "Breviarium Gothicum" (Madrid 1775). LOP's diversity of sources explain the presence of the word 're-composition' in its subtitle. Paradoxically, this feature could be a motive for the editors' decision to leave this book outside the Liturgy of the Hours. Pinell does not always put together all these prayers in a convincing way and sometimes makes arbitrary decisions about his collection's structure, composing rather than re-composing, so his work is somewhat artificial. Nevertheless, that diversity of sources remains its strongest point.

</doc>
<doc id="31121886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121886" title="Nusha Hill">
Nusha Hill

Nusha Hill (, ‘Nushin Halm’ \'nu-shin 'h&lm\) is the rocky hill rising to 251 m in southern Hurd Peninsula on Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica. It has precipitous east, south and west slopes, and is linked to Doc Peak (301 m) to the north by a col of elevation 220 m. Nusha Hill surmounts a rock glacier to the southwest, False Bay to the east and its sub-embayment Glaciar Rocoso Cove to the south-southwest. The adjacent area, subject to geological and glaciological field work, is accessible by sea or by an overland route running from Hurd Ice Cap along the South Bay coast facing Sally Rocks and via a saddle of elevation 122 m situated 800 m west by south of the hill.
The feature is named after Nusha Ivanova (b. 1986), participant in the 2002/03 and subsequent Bulgarian Antarctic campaigns (the first Bulgarian high school student involved).
Location.
Nusha Hill is located at , which is 1.5 km northeast of Binn Peak, 400 m south of Doc Peak, 450 m south-southwest of Castro Peak, and 4.51 km west-northwest of Canetti Peak on Rozhen Peninsula. British mapping of the area in 1968, Bulgarian in 2005 and 2009, and detailed Spanish mapping in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="31121891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121891" title="West Coast Express (disambiguation)">
West Coast Express (disambiguation)

West Coast Express may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31121900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121900" title="Date Warp">
Date Warp

Date Warp is a visual novel video game about a young Indian-American woman, a college student who goes on a date and disappears. It was released on May 22, 2010 for Windows, Mac OS and Linux. It is a science fiction game with elements of romance. The game uses anime-style graphics and is written in English. It was developed and published by Hanako Games.
Gameplay.
As it is a visual novel, the player reads through the story and makes choices at crucial points to change the outcome, leading to eleven different endings. The game also contains small puzzles which must be solved in order to make those choices.
Plot.
The story begins with Janet and Bradley, the young couple on their first date, arriving by chance at a mysterious mansion in the woods after their car breaks down in the rain. They seek shelter inside and find a mismatched group of handsome young men staying at the mansion. After staying the night, they try to leave, and the story takes the first of many surprise turns. Each path through the game reveals only a fraction of the story until finally all the elements are in place and the true ending is unlocked.
Ending.
Date Warp is a visual novel, and so has different endings for the different choices one makes.
In total the creators made 12 different endings
Development.
The game was created with the visual novel engine Ren'Py. On May 15, 2010 the opening trailer was released on YouTube. "Hanako Games" released a free demo of the game on their website. The opening theme is "What Lies Beyond" composed by Matthew Myers from LeetStreet Boys.
Reception.
"Date Warp" received moderate to positive reception.
"Gamertell" gave 92/100 to the game writing: "The character art is appealing, the puzzles to unlock answers are a nice diversion and, most importantly, it is well written. Hanako Games and Spiky Caterpillar did a wonderful job of creating a visual novel that both men and women will enjoy."
"GameZebo" gave 3 of 5 stars and wrote: "If you're part of that niche audience that Date Warp caters to then you'll enjoy the branching storylines and cute art style, and will no doubt have fun trying to unlock all of the endings."
"Gameasutra" wrote: "Date/Warp is trying to do some cool things through its interactivity, but it could have stood to be a good deal more procedural."

</doc>
<doc id="31121902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121902" title="1971 Stockholm Open – Singles">
1971 Stockholm Open – Singles

The 1971 Stockholm Open was a tennis tournament played on hard courts and part of the 1971 Pepsi-Cola Grand Prix and took place in Stockholm, Sweden. The tournament was held from November 1 through November 7, 1971. Arthur Ashe defeated Jan Kodeš, 6–1, 3–6, 6–2, 1–6, 6–4, in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="31121909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121909" title="List of female members of the House of Representatives of Puerto Rico">
List of female members of the House of Representatives of Puerto Rico

The following women have served in the House of Representatives of Puerto Rico:

</doc>
<doc id="31121915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121915" title="Discontinuity (geotechnical engineering)">
Discontinuity (geotechnical engineering)

A discontinuity in geotechnical engineering (in geotechnical literature often denoted by joint) is a plane or surface that marks a change in physical or chemical characteristics in a soil or rock mass. A discontinuity can be, for example, a bedding, schistosity, foliation, joint, cleavage, fracture, fissure, crack, or fault plane. A division is made between mechanical and integral discontinuities. Discontinuities may occur multiple times with broadly the same mechanical characteristics in a discontinuity set, or may be a single discontinuity. A discontinuity makes a soil or rock mass anisotropic.
Mechanical discontinuity.
A mechanical discontinuity is a plane of physical weakness where the tensile strength perpendicular to the discontinuity or the shear strength along the discontinuity is lower than that of the surrounding soil or rock material.
Integral discontinuity.
An integral discontinuity is a discontinuity that is as strong as the surrounding soil or rock material. Integral discontinuities can change into mechanical discontinuities due to physical or chemical processes (e.g. weathering) that change the mechanical characteristics of the discontinuity.
Discontinuity set or family.
Various geological processes create discontinuities at a broadly regular spacing. For example, bedding planes are the result of a repeated sedimentation cycle with a change of sedimentation material or change in structure and texture of the sediment at regular intervals, folding creates joints at regular separations to allow for shrinkage or expansion of the rock material, etc. Normally discontinuities with the same origin have broadly the same characteristics in terms of shear strength, spacing between discontinuities, roughness, infill, etc. The orientations of discontinuities with the same origin are related to the process that has created them and to the geological history of the rock mass. A discontinuity set or family denotes a series of discontinuities for which the geological origin (history, etc.), the orientation, spacing, and the mechanical characteristics (shear strength, roughness, infill material, etc.) are broadly the same.
Single discontinuity.
A discontinuity may exist as a single feature (e.g. fault, isolated joint or fracture) and in some circumstances, a discontinuity is treated as a single discontinuity although it belongs to a discontinuity set, in particular if the spacing is very wide compared to the size of the engineering application or to the size of the geotechnical unit.
Discontinuity characterization.
Various international standards exist to describe and characterize discontinuities in geomechanical terms, such as ISO 14689-1:2003 and ISRM.
See also.
Asperity (Geotechnical engineering)
Persistence (Discontinuity)
Rock mass classification
Rock mechanics
Shear strength (Discontinuity)
Sliding criterion (Geotechnical engineering)
Tilt test (Geotechnical engineering)

</doc>
<doc id="31121920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121920" title="Old Faithful (film)">
Old Faithful (film)

Old Faithful is a 1935 British drama film directed by Maclean Rogers and starring Horace Hodges, Glennis Lorimer and Bruce Lester. An elderly taxi driver refuses to give up his old horse even though his business is being taken by younger drivers using modern cars. His anguish is increased when his daughter plans to marry one of the younger taxi drivers.

</doc>
<doc id="31121926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121926" title="Soy gitano">
Soy gitano

Soy gitano ("I Am Gypsy") was a Spanish language television drama from Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="31121930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121930" title="Simon Humberstone">
Simon Humberstone

Simon Humberstone, born 31 July 1987 is a rugby union player for Pontypridd RFC in the Principality Premiership and Cardiff Blues regional team.
Humberstone graduated through the Harlequins Academy, gaining representative honours with South East England and England Students.
Following a season spent playing with Heriot RFC in the Otago province of New Zealand, Simon returned to the UK to study at UWIC, featuring prominently as a high scoring outside half in the college's championship winning division one east campaign.
The outside half had been targeted by a number of Premiership clubs, but decided on a move to Pontypridd, which will bolster the club’s strength in depth in the crucial half back department.
In January 2014 Humberstone signed a three year deal with Cardiff Blues.

</doc>
<doc id="31121931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121931" title="Manfred Kizito">
Manfred Kizito

Manfred Kizito (born 14 March 1980) is a Rwandan international footballer who plays for ATRACO, as a midfielder.
Career.
Club career.
Born in Uganda, Kizito spent his early career playing for Police and Villa, before moving to Rwanda in 2005 to play with APR.
International career.
Despite being born in Uganda, Kizito was offered a Rwandan passport, and represented their national side, earning sixteen caps between 2004 and 2007, including in six FIFA World Cup qualifying matches.
Personal life.
His brother Nestroy is also a footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="31121932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121932" title="Dendarus coarcticollis">
Dendarus coarcticollis

Dendarus coarcticollis is a species of "darkling beetles" belonging to the family Tenebrionidae subfamily Tenebrioninae.
These beetles are mainly present in France and Italy.
The adults grow up to long. The front legs in males are larger than in females, sexual dimorphism that allows males of these terrestrial and often dirty and slippery beetles to better hold on to the back of females. They are nocturnal. They usually overwinter under the bark of an old tree.

</doc>
<doc id="31121952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121952" title="List of Olympic venues in equestrian">
List of Olympic venues in equestrian

For the Summer Olympics, there are 53 venues that have or will be used for equestrian. From 1912 to 1992, the events took place in more than one venue. Since the 1992 Summer Olympics, the equestrian events have taken place on a single venue in an effort to reduce costs. During the 1964 to the 1980 Summer Olympics, an equestrian event was the final event before the closing ceremonies of the respective Olympics. The last equestrian event that took place at the main stadium was at the 1988 Summer Olympics though it was not the final event before the closing ceremonies. That honor would fall for the end of the men's marathon event. Stockholm Olympic Stadium is the only equestrian venue to serve host for more than one Summer Olympics, doing so in 1912 and 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="31121972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121972" title="Trolleybuses in Parma">
Trolleybuses in Parma

The Parma trolleybus system () forms part of the public transport network of the city and "comune" of Parma, in the region of Emilia-Romagna, northern Italy. In operation since 1953, the system presently comprises four urban routes.
History.
When the Parma trolleybus system commenced operations on 25 October 1953, it consisted of three routes:
One month later, on 25 November 1953, the trolleybus system's predecessor, the Parma tramway network, was closed.
In 1968, trolleybus route 1 was extended to the cemetery at Orzi di Baganza. In 1972, route 2 was extended, but was also simultaneously transformed into a diesel bus route. This has been the only closure of a trolleybus route in Parma.
In recent decades, the trolleybus system has been expanded: in 1987, route 1 was extended from Orzi di Baganza to strada Farnese; in 1989 bus route 4 was converted into a trolleybus route, and in 1998, bus route 5 was similarly converted.
Services.
The routes comprising the present Parma trolleybus system are:
Trolleybus fleet.
Retired trolleybuses.
The following trolleybuses previously used in Parma have since been withdrawn from service:
Current fleet.
Parma's current trolleybus fleet is as follows:
Heritage fleet.
Parma trolleybuses nos. 014 and 017 are preserved as heritage vehicles, at the TEP "I° maggio" depot.
External links.
"This article is based upon a translation of the Italian language version as at March 2011."

</doc>
<doc id="31121977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121977" title="SMA Trimurti">
SMA Trimurti

SMA Trimurti is a school in the city of Surabaya, Jawa Timur, Indonesia, founded August 18, 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="31121983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121983" title="Oxhey Chapel">
Oxhey Chapel

Oxhey Chapel is a redundant Anglican chapel in Oxhey, a suburb of Watford, Hertfordshire, England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building, and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The chapel stands, surrounded by 1940s housing in South Oxhey between a modern church and its vicarage, some south of the centre of Watford.
History.
The chapel was built in 1612 by Sir James Altham as a private chapel for his family and staff who lived nearby at Oxhey Place. It is probably on the site of an earlier monastic church. In 1649 during the Civil War following the Battle of Uxbridge, it was used by Cromwell's Parliamentary forces as a store and a barracks. During this time they damaged the chapel, took lead from the roof to make musket balls, and created a new door in the east wall. In 1688 Sir John Bucknall became the owner of the house. He blocked the east door and added a reredos to the east end of the chapel. The wood for this came from the house which he had largely rebuilt. In 1704 a bellcote and a hipped, tiled roof were added to the chapel. The interior was restored in 1712, and the reredos was whitewashed. The chapel was used for worship until 1799, but after that it was used for storage.
In 1852 it was restored for T. Estcourt to be used again for worship by those living in the nearby hamlet. The whitewash was removed from the reredos, and the old pews and pulpit were replaced. In 1897 vestries were added, the windows were restored and the pews were rearranged in collegiate manner. This was paid for by the owner of Oxhey Place at that time, Thomas Blackwell, the co-founder of Crosse & Blackwell, the architect being J. E. K. Cutts. During the 20th century the fabric of the chapel deteriorated, and in the winter of 1962–63 part of the roof fell in. Repairs were carried out, including complete replacement of the roof and the bellcote. Although the chapel returned into use, it was eventually declared redundant, and in 1977 was vested in the Redundant Church Fund, the forerunner of the Churches Conservation Trust. It is still consecrated and is used at times for weddings.
Architecture.
Exterior.
Oxhey Chapel is constructed in knapped flint and red brick, arranged in alternating squares forming a chequerwork pattern. The dressings are in stone, and the roof is tiled. Its plan is that of a rectangle with a narthex projecting to the west. The entrance has a moulded Tudor arched surround, with the date 1897 in the spandrels. On each side of the narthex is a two-light window, and above it is a four-light window. Above this is a stone cornice, and a brick gable with a stone coping. On the roof is a 20th-century octagonal wooden bellcote, with an ogee-headed cupola. At the corners of the chapel are stone quoins. Along the north and south sides are three-light windows, and a brick parapet. Between the windows on the north side is a 19th-century brick buttress. At the east end is a four-light window, above which is a brick gable containing a plaque with the dates 1612 and 1963.
Interior.
The chapel contains a double row of stalls facing each other in collegiate fashion. The west door is surrounded by a doorcase consisting of carved Corinthian pilasters and an entablature. The reredos contains two twisted Solomonic columns framing panels containing the Ten Commandments, and outside them are panels with the Lord's Prayer and the Creed. At the top of the reredos is an open pediment enclosing a flaming urn. Above the central panels is a cartouche, and over the side panels are smaller closed pediments. The sanctuary is paved with black and white marble. The roof is in five bays. The wooden font dates from the 17th century. It has an octagonal base, a richly carved circular bowl, and a dome-shaped cover. From the roof hangs an eight-branch candelabrum. In the chapel is a wall tomb to Sir James Altham, who died in 1616, and his last wife Helen, who died in 1638. It consists of two praying figures facing each other in an alabaster and marble frame, consisting of Corinthian columns and an open segmental pediment containing a cartouche flanked by obelisks. At the west end is a marble memorial tablet to John Askill Bucknall dated 1797 by C. Regnant.

</doc>
<doc id="31121991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31121991" title="John Wesley Harding (song)">
John Wesley Harding (song)

"John Wesley Harding" is a song by Bob Dylan that appears on his 1967 album of the same name.
Writing and recording.
Dylan told Jann Wenner in a 1969 "Rolling Stone" interview that the song "started out to be a long ballad. I was gonna write a ballad on ... like maybe one of those old cowboy ... you know, a real long ballad. But in the middle of the second verse, I got tired. I had a tune, and I didn't want to waste the tune; it was a nice little melody, so I just wrote a quick third verse, and I recorded that." Biographer Clinton Heylin states that Dylan has had a well-documented interest in outlaw cowboys, including Jesse James and Billy the Kid, and in the past Dylan has said that his favorite folk song was "John Hardy", whose real-life title character in 1893 murdered another man over a game of craps. John Wesley Hardin was another late-19th century outlaw. Dylan has stated that he chose John Wesley Hardin for his protagonist over other badmen because his name " in the tempo" of the song. Dylan added the g to the end of Hardin's name by mistake.
The song was recorded in two takes on November 6, 1967 in Studio A of Columbia Music Row Studios in Nashville, Tennessee. Both of these were considered for the album, but the second take was ultimately chosen.
Themes.
Dylan has said that he did not have a clear notion of what the song was about. He told Cameron Crowe in 1985 that after recording the "John Wesley Harding" album, he "didn't know what to make of it. ... So I figured the best thing to do would be to put out the album as quickly as possible, call it "John Wesley Harding" because that was the one song that I had no idea what it was about, why it was even on the album. So I figured I'd call the album that, call attention to it, make it something special..." It was the only title that he considered for the album. He told a "Newsweek" interviewer in 1969 that the songs on his country "Nashville Skyline" album: "These are the type of songs that I always felt like writing. The songs reflect more of the inner me than the songs of the past. They're more to my base than, say, 'John Wesley Harding'. There I felt like everyone expected me to be a poet so that's what I tried to be."
Cover versions.
"John Wesley Harding" has been covered by McKendree Spring on their 1969 eponymous album, as well as Tom Russell, Wesley Willis, Michel Montecrossa, and the Dutch band Second Floor.

</doc>
<doc id="31122004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122004" title="Robin van Roosmalen">
Robin van Roosmalen

Robin "Pokerface" van Roosmalen is a Dutch welterweight kickboxer, fighting out of Den Bosch, Netherlands. Van Roosmalen trains at Fight Club Den Bosch under his father William van Roosmalen, the only man to knock out William Beekwilder and Vitali Klitschko in kickboxing. Van Roosmalen is currently under contract with It's Showtime. He is known for his aggressive high paced style.
As of December 2012, van Roosmalen is ranked the #3 middleweight in the world by LiverKick.com.
Biography and career.
Van Roosmalen made it to the Semi-Finals of the K-1 World MAX West Europe Tournament by beating Henri van Opstal in the Quarter-Final. He lost his Semi-Final bout against the eventual winner Mohammed Khamal by KO.
After losing another fight against Ajay Balgobind, Van Roosmalen rebounded by knocking out Dutch slugger William Diender with a liver punch and beating the highly regarded Dutch-Moroccan Chahid Oulad El Hadj by decision. On the , Van Roosmalen met Mohammed Khamal in a rematch in Amsterdam. He lost the match by judges' decision.
On the 25th of September, 2011, Van Roosmalen won the It's Showtime "Fast & Furious 70MAX" title in Brussels. He beat Chahid Oulad El Hadj for the 2nd time by TKO in the second round, Chris Ngimbi by decision and Artur Kyshenko by KO in the first round. Van Roosmalen had entered the tournament as a replacement for 70MAX giant Giorgio Petrosyan, who had injured himself in his fight against Hinata, and was seen as an underdog to win the tournament over the more highly ranked and experienced Artur Kyshenko.
In addition to his kickboxing training, van Roosmalen also holds a black belt in judo.
He was drawn against Tim Thomas in the quarter-finals of the "" on November 3, 2012 in Rome, Italy and won by TKO in the second round when battered the Englishman into a referee stoppage. In the semis, he dropped Sanny Dahlbeck in each of the first two rounds before finishing him with a punch to the body in the third. Advancing to the final, he went up against Giorgio Petrosyan. His aggressive style played into Petrosyan's hands, however, and he was outclassed by the silky Italian to a unanimous decision loss.
He took a dominant unanimous decision over Yuichiro Nagashima at "" in Saitama, Japan on December 31, 2012, dropping "Jienotsu" in round one and scoring with low kicks and hard punches throughout.
He dropped Murthel Groenhart in round one en route to a unanimous decision win at "" in Milan, Italy on April 20, 2013.
He beat Shemsi Beqiri by unanimous decision in a back-and-forth fight at "" in Ontario, California, United States on September 28, 2013.
He rematched Davit Kiria in the semi-finals of the "" in New York City, New York, US on November 23, 2013, winning a unanimous decision. In the final, he was battered by Andy Ristie, getting dropped in round one before being knocked out in two.
He defeated Marat Grigorian via split decision in the co-main event of "" in Istanbul, Turkey on April 12, 2014.
Kickboxing record.
font-size:85%;

</doc>
<doc id="31122008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122008" title="Let the People Sing (film)">
Let the People Sing (film)

Let the People Sing is a 1942 British comedy film directed by John Baxter and starring Alastair Sim, Fred Emney and Edward Rigby. A small town bands together to try to save their music hall from closure. It was based on the novel "Let the People Sing" by J. B. Priestley.

</doc>
<doc id="31122023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122023" title="Mr. Taxi">
Mr. Taxi

"Mr. Taxi" is the first original Japanese song by South Korean girl group Girls' Generation. Released as a double A-side single with a Japanese version of "Run Devil Run" on April 27, 2011, it serves as the third single from the group's debut Japanese album, "Girls' Generation" (2011). It became their first Japanese single to sell 100,000 units in its first week of release. The single also peaked at the number one spot on the "Billboard"—Japan Hot 100 chart for two consecutive weeks. Despite not being released in South Korea, the Japanese version pulled over 786,000 copies sold by the end of 2011. A Korean version of the song was later released as the lead single from the reissue of the group's third Korean studio album, "Mr. Taxi" (2011).
Background and release.
First announced to be released on April 13, 2011, the release was postponed to April 27, due to the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami. Proceeds of the single were announced to be donated to the Japanese Red Cross. The double A-side single contains a Japanese version of their 2010 Korean single "Run Devil Run" which was released as a digital single on January 25, 2011. "Mr. Taxi / Run Devil Run" was the first release by the group that contained an original Japanese song, as all previous releases by the group in Japan had been covers of their Korean songs, "Gee" and "Genie".
"Mr. Taxi / Run Devil Run" was released physically in Japan in three different editions on April 27, 2011: The "regular edition" only contains the CD. The "deluxe first press edition" contains the CD single, a mini-photobook of the members, a trading card, and a DVD containing the music video of "Run Devil Run" and a dance version. The "limited period edition" contains the CD, a DVD with the music video of "Run Devil Run", and a different photobook. The Japanese version of "Run Devil Run" was offered digitally through the Japanese iTunes Store starting January 25, 2011. The single was released internationally on April 23, 2011 through digital download on the iTunes store.
A Korean version of "Mr. Taxi" was released on December 8, 2011, as the lead single from the group's reissue of their third Korean studio album, "Mr. Taxi" (2011). The announcement of the single earned the group a trending topic on the social networking site Twitter, trending worldwide at number four. The group promoted the single prior to its release on various Korean music shows, including Music Bank, Show! Music Core, Inkigayo, and M! Countdown. "Mr. Taxi" received its first performance as a single on You Hee-yeol's Sketchbook broadcast on December 2, 2011.
Live performances.
The girl group first performed "Mr. Taxi" live on May 13, 2011. They have since performed the song (both in Korean and Japanese) on SM Town tours. In September 2012. while promoting "Oh! / All My Love Is For You", they performed "Mr. Taxi" on Hey! Hey! Hey! Music Champ. They then performed the song again as part of "Oh!"'s promotions on "Music Lovers".
Commercial performance.
"Mr. Taxi / Run Devil Run" set a new record for Girls' Generation, being their first Japanese single to sell 100,000 units during its first week of release. The single also managed to peak at the number one spot on "Billboard"—Japan Hot 100 for two consecutive weeks. It reached a peak of eleven on the year-end singles chart of the Japan Hot 100. On May 25, 2011, "Mr. Taxi" topped the Taiwanese music chart, G-Music. The single also performed well on the "Oricon" Charts, reaching number on the Daily Single Chart, number two on the Weekly Single Chart, while reaching number forty-six on Oricon's Yearly Single chart. In the group's native South Korea, the single sold over 13,000 copies on the "Gaon" Albums Chart. "Mr. Taxi" performed well on its own, selling over 787,000 copies in 2011 on the International Single Chart of "Gaon".
Music videos.
The teaser video for "Mr. Taxi" was released on April 22, 2011, and the music video was released on April 28, 2011, the dance version was released three days prior on April 25, 2012. The choreography for "Mr. Taxi" was handled by long-time collaborator Rino Nakasone, with Sim Jaewon.
The video begins with the girls dressed in yellow taxi driver outfits in front of a screen that flashes words and patterns in blue lighting. At the beginning of the second verse, it changes to the girls being dressed in black outfits (with differently colored piping for each girl), and dancing in front of a multicolored map of the world. Near the end of the second verse, and throughout the rest of the video, the video alternates between shots of the girls in their yellow outfits and their black outfits. After the second chorus, Sooyoung sings a rap bridge line "One, two, three, here we go! Oh!," which is followed by a dance break performed by Hyoyeon, Sooyoung and Yoona. The bridge continues with vocals by Yuri, Sunny, Sooyoung, Jessica, Tiffany and Taeyeon, after which there are more alternating shots between the two scenes (yellow and black outfits) for the final chorus, ending with the girls freezing in position in their yellow uniforms as the light fades out.
The music video was nominated for "Video of the Year" at the 2012 MTV Video Music Awards Japan but was lost to EXILE's "Rising Sun".
A music video of the Korean version was released to accompany the single's release made entirely from the group's performance of the song on their 2011 Girls' Generation Asia Tour, with a dance rehearsal for the song leaking in March 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="31122024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122024" title="Maxime Boisclair">
Maxime Boisclair

Maxime Boisclair (born February 14, 1985) is a Haitian Canadian professional ice hockey player who is currently a member of the Stockton Thunder of the ECHL.
Playing career.
Juniors.
Boisclair was drafted in the first round (9th overall) in the 2001 QMJHL draft by the Sherbrooke Castors. On December 27, 2002, Boisclair, Yan Gaudette, and Sherbrooke's 2nd round pick in 2003 were traded to the Chicoutimi Saguenéens for Pierre-Alexandre Parenteau and Chicoutimi's 4th round pick choice of 2004. 
Boisclair earned the title of QMJHL Offensive Player of the Month in December 2004, scoring six goals and twelve assists in ten games. A week after being named QMJHL Offensive Player of the Month, Boisclair was named QMJHL Offensive Player of the Week. From the period stretching from Monday, December 27, 2004, to Sunday, January 9, 2005, Boisclair scored ten goals and fourteen points in only seven games. Boisclair would finish the season with 51 goals in 70 games. In Boisclair's final season with the Saguenéens, he scored 70 goals in 70 games. Despite leading the QMJHL in goals, Boisclair would go undrafted. Scouts and Boisclair himself have pointed to his lack of foot speed as a factor. Boisclair was the first Black player in QMJHL history to lead the league in goals scored.
Professional.
Since turning professional, Boisclair has split his time primarily between the ECHL and the Quebec-based LNAH. 
As a member of the 2006-07 Johnstown Chiefs, Boisclair led the team in scoring with 51 points in 59 games. During this season, he also earned himself a trip to the ECHL All-Star Game as a member of the American Conference along with a recall by the Chiefs' AHL affiliate, the Springfield Falcons, where Boisclair also played 17 games but only scored one goal. While with the Chiefs, Boisclair skated on the Chiefs' top line with former Saguenéens teammate Stanislav Lascek.
Boisclair joined the Saint-Hyacinthe Top Design for the 2007-08 LNAH season. Boisclair's left the team as the league's highest scorer, scoring 82 points in 47 games and signed with the ECHL's Elmira Jackals
In the 2012-13 season, Boisclair played in the Kazakhstan Hockey Championship with Arlan Kokshetau. In 35 games scored 19 goals and contributed 30 assists. He finished the season returning to the ECHL where he linked up with the Stockton Thunder, immediately establishing himself amongst the Thunders top point producers.

</doc>
<doc id="31122028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122028" title="1830 in Algeria">
1830 in Algeria

Events from the year 1830 in Algeria.

</doc>
<doc id="31122030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122030" title="Lisiate Tafa">
Lisiate Tafa

Lisiate Tafa (born 10 October 1979 in Ha'apai, Tonga) is an inside/outside center and utility who plays rugby union football for English club Sedgley Park in the National One Division and Tonga. He has played for Sedgley Park in 2008-9, 2009–10, 2010–11, 2011-12. He is well known for his speed, tactical play and ability to break tackles.
Tafa originally made a name for himself with Bradford and Bingley RFC, when he made his début in the English game in the 2004–5 season. At that time Bradford and Bingley were in National 3 North. At the end of the season, Tafa moved to Derby RFC for 2005-6, and to Hertford RFC for the 2006-7 season.
He returned to Tonga in February 2007 to play at International level for Tautahi Gold, and Tonga's national team, Ikale Tahi, in the 2007 Pacific Cup
When Tafa returned to Bradford and Bingley's Wagon Lane for the 2007-8 season, his reasons were simple. "I married a local girl, Melissa," said the 27-year-old. The couple met in his first year at Bradford and Bingley in 2004.
Tafa recently played for the Australia XV team alongside fellow Tongan, George Smith, in the Southern Hemisphere Charity Fundraiser against the Pacific Barbarians, held on 6 March 2011.
Honours: Tonga, 3 caps. Tonga A, 15 caps

</doc>
<doc id="31122047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122047" title="Financial fragility">
Financial fragility

Financial Fragility is the vulnerability of a financial system to a financial crisis. Franklin Allen and Douglas Gale define financial fragility as the degree to which "...small shocks have disproportionately large effects." Roger Lagunoff and Stacey Schreft write, "In macroeconomics, the term "financial fragility" is used...to refer to a financial system's susceptibility to large-scale financial crises caused by small, routine economic shocks."
Sources of Financial Fragility.
Why does the financial system exhibit fragility in the first place? Why do banks choose to take on a capital structure that makes them vulnerable to financial crises? There are two views of financial fragility which correspond to two views on the origins of financial crises. According to the fundamental equilibrium or business cycle view, financial crises arise from the poor fundamentals of the economy, which make it vulnerable during a time of duress such as a recession. According to the self-fulfilling or sunspot equilibrium view, the economy may always be vulnerable to a financial crisis whose onset may be triggered by some random external event, or simply be the result of herd mentality.
Self-Fulfilling Crisis Views.
Diamond-Dybvig.
In the standard Diamond-Dybvig model, financial systems are vulnerable to a financial crisis in the form of a bank run due to the inherent nature of banking. Banks serve as intermediaries between depositors and borrowers. Depositors want immediate access to their deposits, while borrowers are not able to pay on demand. This creates a fundamental fragility, as a bank's assets cannot be liquidated in the event of a crisis to pay all depositors. This tension makes the financial system susceptible to a sudden change in demand for money by depositors, resulting in a bank run.
Diamond-Rajan.
Economists Douglas Diamond and Raghuram Rajan argued that banks purposefully adopt a fragile structure as a commitment device. Under this view, depositors would not normally trust banks with their deposits because they fear that when they want to withdraw their money, the bank may try to avoid repaying, or try to repay at a lower rate. However, if the bank does not have enough liquid assets to cover all depositor claims, a refusal to pay any one depositor the promised amount will prompt all other depositors to try to withdraw as well, and effectively cut off all lending to the bank. Banks voluntarily submit themselves to the risk of a bank run so that depositors will trust them with their loans, since depositors know that the bank will not be able to get away with their money without prompting a run.
Lagunoff-Schreft.
Economists Roger Lagunoff and Stacey Schreft have argued that financial fragility arises from linked portfolios of investors. If investors have linked portfolios such that if one investor withdraws funds the investment will fail and the other investor will also take a loss, then any event that causes investors to change their portfolio could cause others to take losses. If these losses are large enough to prompt further portfolio changes, a small change could initiate a chain reaction of losses. Moreover, Lagunoff and Schreft argue that investors will anticipate the possibility of such a chain reaction, so that the belief that it may happen in the future could cause investors to reallocate their portfolios, thus triggering a self-fulfilling crisis.
Fundamental Crisis Views.
Robert Van Order.
Economist Robert Van Order argued in 2006 that a small change in economic fundamentals can prompt a large change in asset prices and financial structure due to the asymmetric information problem in financial markets. According to Van Order, lenders can choose to make loans to borrowers directly through financial markets such as the stock market, or to operate through a financial intermediary such as a bank. Banks are better able to verify the quality of borrowers, but they charge a fee for their services in the form of lower returns to their depositors then the full returns on the investments. Financial markets allow lenders to circumvent banks and avoid this fee, but they lose the banks ability to verify the quality of borrowers. According to Van Order, a small change in economic fundamentals that made borrowers more nervous about financial markets caused some borrowers to move their savings from financial markets to banks. Such a change would raise the costs of borrowing in financial markets, which could prompt high-quality borrowers to try to get loans from banks rather than financial markets. This could snowball as all the good borrowers stop getting loans from financial markets, prompting lenders to charge still higher rates to those who remain prompting still more borrowers to switch. This process is called an adverse selection spiral, and could lead to the sudden collapse of a financial market. The opposite effect might also occur, leading to a large-scale change in the capital structure in the other direction.
Allen-Gale.
Franklin Allen and Douglas Gale discuss financial fragility as large effects from small shocks. They formalize this idea by considering the case of an economy in which the size of financial shocks approaches zero. They show that even in such an economy there will still be significant fluctuations arising solely from these vanishingly small financial shocks. In their view, banks are risk-sharing institutions where deposits act to insure depositors against a lack of access to money. Even minuscule shocks can set off self-reinforcing price changes.
Bailouts.
Another reason banks might adopt a fragile financial structure is because they expect a government bailout in the event of a financial crisis. This is an example of moral hazard, since the bank engages in risky behavior because it believes it has insurance against downside risks. If the government is considered likely to step in and reduce losses incurred by banks, bankers will have an incentive to take on more risk and increase the financial fragility of the banking system. In general, a bailout is the optimal response of policy-makers "once a crisis has occurred" (ex post), because the bailout will reduce the negative effects of the crisis on the economy. Before the crisis occurs (ex ante), policy-makers would like to convince banks that they will bail them out in the event of a crisis so that banks do not adopt a fragile capital structure. However, if policy-makers announce that they will not bail out banks in the event of a crisis, bankers will not believe them because they rationally anticipate that policy-makers will in fact bail them out in the event of a crisis. Policy-makers stated policy of no bailouts in the event of a crisis is not credible, so in the absence of a commitment device banks will take on excess risk. 
Moreover, some economists have argued that the presence of bailouts will "force" banks to take on more risk than they would like. In 2007, Charles Prince the CEO of Citigroup was quoted as saying, "As long as the music is playing, you have to get up and dance." More formally, economists Emmanuel Farhi and Jean Tirole have argued that policy in response to a crisis naturally gives greater benefits to those banks that have taken on more leverage. Given this, banks have an incentive to imitate other banks so that they achieve their worse losses when everyone else does, and thus maximally benefit from the bailout or other policies. This leads banks to adopt a particularly fragile capital structure, so that they all fail together.
Connection to Exchange Rate Regimes.
An important aspect of financial fragility of the international system is the connection to exchange rate regimes. Barry Eichengreen and Ricardo Hausmann describe three views on the connection between exchange rate regimes and financial fragility. One view relates to the moral hazard created by the belief of market participants that governments will provide bailouts in the event of a crisis. A pegged exchange rate is a form of implicit guarantee, and leads market participants to expect such bailouts. A second view is that, due to lack of confidence in a country's currency, borrowers in that country seeking financing will not be able to borrow long-term, or borrow from international lenders at all, in that country's own currency. Yet often the returns of the borrower's project will be in the domestic currency. This is a source of financial fragility, because a drop in the exchange rate can cause a debt crisis, as debt denominated in foreign currency becomes much more expensive. A third view holds that the fundamental cause of international financial fragility is a lack of institutions to enforce contracts between parties. This lack of strong contracts makes lenders suspicious of borrowers, and can prompt a crisis should lenders begin to suspect that borrowers will not repay.
Reducing Financial Fragility.
The natural financial fragility of banking systems is seen by many economists as an important justification for financial regulation designed to reduce financial fragility. 
Circuit Breakers.
Some economists including Joseph Stiglitz have argued for the use of capital controls to act as circuit breakers to prevent crises from spreading from one country to another, a process called financial contagion. Under one proposed system, countries would be divided into groups that would have free capital flows among the group's members, but not between the groups. A system would be put in place such that in the event of a crisis, capital flows out of the affected countries could be cut off automatically in order to isolate the crisis. This system is partly modeled on electrical networks such as power grids, which are typically well-integrated in order to prevent shortages due to unusually high demand for electricity in one part of the network, but that have circuit breakers in place to prevent damage to the network in one part of the grid from causing a blackout throughout all houses connected through the network.
Taxing Liabilities.
As described above, many economists believe that financial fragility arises when financial agents such as banks take on too many or too illiquid liabilities relative to the liquidity of their assets. Note that asset liquidity is also a function of the degree of stable funding available to market participants. As a result, the reliance on cheap short term funding creates a negative risk externality (Perotti and Suarez, 2011). Some economists propose that the government tax or limit such liabilities to reduce such excessive risk-taking. Perotti and Suarez (2009) proposed prudential Pigouvian charges on unstable short term funding, while Shin (2010) targets unstable foreign flows. Others have supported this approach. 
Capital Requirements.
Another form of financial regulation designed to reduce financial fragility is to regulate bank's balance sheets directly via capital requirements.

</doc>
<doc id="31122048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122048" title="List of AMD FX microprocessors">
List of AMD FX microprocessors

AMD FX is a series of high-end AMD microprocessors for personal computers. The following is a list of AMD FX brand microprocessors.

</doc>
<doc id="31122050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122050" title="Chief Minister of Delhi">
Chief Minister of Delhi

The Chief Minister of Delhi is the head of government of the National Capital Territory of Delhi in north India. Chief Minister is head of the Council of Ministers and the leader of the majority party in the Delhi assembly. The Chief Minister leads the executive branch of the Government of Delhi. Currently the office is vacant, as President's rule is been in force in Delhi since February 2014.
The leader of the party with the largest representation of seats in the unicameral Legislative Assembly of Delhi usually takes on the role. Delhi and Puducherry are the only union territories of India, which have been given partial statehood according to the Seventh Schedule of the Constitution in which Delhi is defined as National Capital Territory of India or NCT-Delhi. Due to this special right of partial statehood, unlike other union territories which are governed by special administrators appointed by the President of India, governments of Delhi and Puducherry both are headed by their respective chief ministers and Lieutenant Governors, appointed by the president acting as the head of state. A former chief minister, Sheila Dikshit, was India’s longest serving woman chief minister. Arvind Kejriwal remained the Chief Minister of Delhi for 49 days and he has resigned from the post on 14-02-2014.

</doc>
<doc id="31122061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122061" title="Let the People Sing (novel)">
Let the People Sing (novel)

Let the People Sing is a 1939 comedy novel by the British writer J. B. Priestley. It examines civic politics and corruption in the small English town of Dunbury, where the music hall is due to be closed. It was adapted into a 1942 film "Let the People Sing.

</doc>
<doc id="31122070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122070" title="Ahmet Shala">
Ahmet Shala

Ahmet Shala (Serbo-Croat: "Ahmet Šalja") was the Minister for Economy and Finance in the Government of Kosovo.

</doc>
<doc id="31122074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122074" title="Circumstantial speech">
Circumstantial speech

Circumstantial speech (also referred to as circumstantiality) is a communication disorder in which the focus of a conversation drifts, but often comes back to the point. In circumstantiality, unnecessary details and irrelevant remarks cause a delay in getting to the point.
Circumstantial speech is less severe than tangential speech in which the speaker wanders and drifts and usually never returns to the original topic, and is far less severe than logorrhea.
Symptoms.
A person afflicted with circumstantiality has slowed thinking and invariably talks at length about irrelevant and trivial details (i.e. circumstances). Eliciting information from such a person can be difficult since circumstantiality makes it hard for the individual to stay on topic. In most instances however, the relevant details are eventually achieved.
The disorder is often associated with schizophrenia and obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Example.
An example of circumstantial speech is that when asked about the age of a person's mother at death, the speaker responds by talking at length about accidents and how too many people die in accidents, then eventually says what the mother's age was at death.
Similarly, a patient afflicted with this condition, for example, when asked about a certain recipe, could give minute details about going to the grocery store, the shopping experience, people there, and so on.
Treatment.
Treatment often involves the use of behavioral modification and anticonvulsants, antidepressants and anxiolytics.

</doc>
<doc id="31122076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122076" title="Sečovlje Saltworks">
Sečovlje Saltworks

The Sečovlje Saltworks () is the largest Slovenian salt evaporation pond. Along the Strunjan Saltworks, they are the northernmost Mediterranean saltworks and one of the rare where salt is still produced in a traditional way, as well as a wetland of international importance and a breeding place of waterbirds. They are part of the Piran Saltworks and are located in Slovenian Istria, the southwest of the country, at the Adriatic Sea, along the mouth of the Dragonja River near Sečovlje.
The saltworks have been active since 13th century. Nowadays, the salt production is carried on in order to preserve natural and cultural heritage. The area of the saltworks and the Seča peninsula have been declared the Sečovlje Salina Landscape Park. The Museum of Salt-Making in Sečovlje was in 2003 the first in Slovenia to receive the Europa Nostra Prize, bestowed by the European Union to outstanding initiatives for the preservation of cultural heritage.
In 1993, the saltworks were put on the list of Ramsar wetlands of international importance. The wetland stretches on in the mouth of the Dragonja.
Flora.
Of particular importance are halophytes - the plants that require high salt concentrations for growing - among them "Salicornia europea", "Arthrochnemum fruticosum", "Halimone portulacoides", "Limonium angustifolium", "Artemisia caerulescens", "Suaeda maritima", and the Golden samphire ("Inula crithmoides").
Fauna.
Over 280 bird species have been spotted in the Sečovlje Saltworks, at least four of them having their only nesting place here. The saltworks are home to numerous invertebrates, like shrimps and shells, and vertebrates. Among insects, the bee species "Tetraloniella nana" and "Pseudoapis bispinosa", and the bug "Dimorphopterus blissoides" have been found in the Sečovlje Saltworks. Among vertebrates, the Etruscan shrew ("Suncus etruscus"), the Italian wall lizard ("Podarcis sicula"), and the Lesser Mouse-eared Bat ("Myotis blythii") live here.

</doc>
<doc id="31122082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122082" title="Stanley Dyson">
Stanley Dyson

Stanley Dyson (1920–2007) was an art teacher and is something of an Outsider Art artist, loosely linked to the genre of naïve art. He is perhaps not technically an Outsider Artist (defined by French painter Jean Dubuffet as art created outside the boundaries of official culture), but he was creating art away from the mainstream and was not part of any school of artists.
Early life and education.
Stanley Dyson was born in Chesterfield, Derbyshire on 24 July 1920, the only child of George and Mary Alice Dyson.
Stanley’s mother was born Mary Alice Bowler and she died of pneumonia on the 13 February 1926, aged 33, when Stanley was 5. It is thought that Stanley then moved to either Holymoorside or Newbold to live on a farm. Stanley’s father George carried on living at 35 Church Street, Old Whittington which still stands today.
Stanley went to school in Whittington and left at 16 to work as a clerk at the Sheep Bridge Works. As a teenager, just before World War II, Stanley took measurements and followed up on local details of churches and old houses in Derbyshire for Pevsner and his ‘Buildings of England’ series. Stanley later moved to Norfolk in 1966 when his daughter was two and after that he stopped painting.
In 1941 -1946, Stanley joined the navy and became a ‘Stores Petty Officer’, in charge of ‘victualling and messing’. He spent much of his time in Jamaica and was there until 1944. He was released from his duties on 5 August 1946.
After being demobbed, he returned home to live with his father, now in his 70s. The register of electors for 1946/7confirms that he was living at 35 Church Street with George and with Ada Dyson. He did not return to his job as a clerk at the Steel Works. The post-war shortage of teachers, and schemes devised to encourage their training, would have provided just the sort of opportunity he needed to start his artistic career. In the Autumn of 1949 and the Spring of 1950, Stanley enrolled at the famous art school where John Lennon went at a later date, Liverpool College of Art. This was possible with one of the government-funded grants for ex-servicemen and his excellent service reports would have helped in getting him on to this scheme. It is unknown how formally Stanley had already been teaching before 1950, but in that year, on leaving art school, he returned to Whittington to teach art in the local New Whittington Secondary School and to marry Kathleen Allman, the daughter of a farmer from Holymoorside. He moved out of the Dysons’ cottage and they went to live in Holymoorside.
Art teacher.
Stanley taught pottery as well as painting and art history in the 1950s at the New Whittington Secondary School, Derbyshire. Any art work he did, he did for himself and he didn't show the end-product to many people, except for some of his sketching friends. He never exhibited anywhere, nor was he a member of any club or other artists’ association, even though these flourished in the 1950s. A peculiar and possibly telling technical detail of his own work is that he hardly ever used fresh canvases or prepared boards.
It is unknown the exact date when Stanley started to draw and paint but he almost certainly went to Mary Swanwick Secondary School only 200 yards away in Old Whittington. At a very crucial age, he gained confidence in his own natural talent and abilities and as with so many people at that time, his war experience considerably expanded Stanley’s horizons.
More than 50 very fluent pen and watercolour drawings survive from 1948–1949, the majority of them of churches, houses and landscapes around Derbyshire and also in Norfolk. These drawings represent the only dated and inscribed work that he ever produced, as he never signed anything.
Within the portfolio bought by Robert Young Antiques at an auction at Beccles in Suffolk 2007, there are many sheets of drawings, figure studies, and student exercises that were obviously completed while Stanley was at Art School. It also contained a selection of his pupil's art works that he taught at The New Whittington Secondary School and the surviving record of Stanley’s enrolment at the school lists his occupation as ‘Teacher’.
Retirement.
After teaching in Derbyshire for sixteen years, he moved to Coldham Hall, close to Beccles in Norfolk in 1966.
He took a job as ‘Arts and crafts’ master at Bowthorpe Secondary School on the outskirts of Norwich and Mary Dyson also continued to teach, at Bishop Sandcroft’s school in Harleston.
Stanley stopped painting after this time and he packed up his own work, approx 400 oils and watercolours, along with what he wanted to keep of the art of his pupils and stored everything, some in his own hand-made sketch books in Coldham Hall’s large attic.
Once they had settled in Norfolk, he directed most of his energy towards his family and the restoration of their house but Stanley continued to be passionate about art history. They would often go on trips to London museums and galleries and to the Fitzwilliam Museum in Cambridge. A favourite museum was the V&A and he entered into a lively correspondence with the museum curators.
Stanley was naturally fastidious, obsessive, a perfectionist. Everything had to be just so, in its rightful place. He particularly liked the works of – Kyffin Williams and John Piper and he was also known for his antiquarian interests, exemplified in the only memorial to Stanley in the Chesterfield Local Studies Library.
Artistic works.
Oil Paintings by Stanley Dyson
Watercolours by Stanley Dyson
Kids Paintings
Exhibitions.
Chesterfield Museum and Art Gallery.
A selection of paintings by Stanley Dyson (1920–2007) has been exhibited at The Chesterfield Museum and Art Gallery alongside work from Dyson’s former pupils. The exhibition was opened by Councilor Keith Morgan, Mayor of Chesterfield on Monday 7 February at 10am 2011. The exhibition included topographical and general paintings by Dyson as well as a fine selection of pictures by his students. -
Robert Young Antiques
A selection from the recently discovered private collection and portfolio of work by unknown artist and (secondary school) art teacher, Stanley Dyson (1920–2007) will be exhibited by Robert Young Antiques.
The specialist Art dealers, Robert and Josyane Young, spotted the collection of over 500 pictures at a regional auction house in Beccles in 2007. Art works by the 1950s children will be legally entitled to Artist Resale Rights (Droit de suite) if their work sells for over 1,000 Euro’s and the gallery will still offer this right to for art works priced below this threshold.

</doc>
<doc id="31122086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122086" title="Polysilazane">
Polysilazane

Polysilazanes are polymers in which silicon and nitrogen atoms alternate to form the basic backbone. Since each silicon atom is bound to two separate nitrogen atoms and each nitrogen atom to two silicon atoms, both chains and rings of the formula occur. R1-R3 can be hydrogen atoms or organic substituents. If all substituents R are H atoms, the polymer is designated as Perhydropolysilazane, Polyperhydridosilazane or Inorganic Polysilazane ([H2Si–NHn). If hydrocarbon substituents are bound to the silicon atoms, the polymers are designated as Organopolysilazanes. Molecularly, polysilazanes are isoelectronic with and close relatives to Polysiloxanes [R1R2Si–On (silicones).
History.
The synthesis of polyorganosilazanes was first described in 1964 by Krüger and Rochow. By reacting ammonia with chlorosilanes (ammonolysis), trimeric or tetrameric cyclosilazanes were formed initially and further reacted at high temperatures with a catalyst to yield higher molecular weight polymers. Ammonolysis of chlorosilanes still represents the most important synthetic pathway to polysilazanes. The industrial manufacture of chlorosilanes using the Müller-Rochow process, first reported in the 1940s, served as the cornerstone for the development of silazane chemistry. In the 1960s, the first attempts to transform organosilicon polymers into quasi-ceramic materials were described. At this time, suitable (“pre-ceramic”) polymers heated to 1000°C or higher were shown to split off organic groups and hydrogen and, in the process, the molecular network is rearranged to form amorphous inorganic materials that show both unique chemical and physical properties. Using polymer derived ceramics (PDCs), new application areas can be opened, especially in the area of high performance materials. The most important pre-ceramic polymers are polysilanes polycarbosilanes [R1R2Si–CH2n, polysiloxanes and polysilazanes [R1R2Si–NR3n.
Structure.
Like all polymers, polysilazanes are built from one or several basic monomer units. Linking together of these basic units can result in polymeric chains, rings or three-dimensionally crosslinked macromolecules with a wide range of molecular mass. While the monomer unit describes the chemical composition and the connectivity of the atoms (coordination sphere) it does not illustrate the macro-molecular structure.
In polysilazanes, each silicon atom is bound to two nitrogen atoms and each nitrogen atom to at least two silicon atoms (three bonds to silicon atoms are also possible). If all remaining bonds are with hydrogen atoms, perhydropolysilazane [H2Si–NH]n results (proposed structure is shown to the right). In organopolysilazanes, at least one organic substituent is bound to the silicon atom. The amount and type of organic substituents have a predominant influence on the macro-molecular structure of polysilazanes.
Silazane copolymers are normally produced from ammonolyses of chlorosilane mixtures. In this chemical reaction, different chlorosilanes react at similar rates so that the monomers are statistically distributed in the copolymer.
Preparation.
Ammonia and chlorosilanes, both readily available and low-priced, are used as starting materials in the synthesis of polysilazanes. In the ammonolysis reaction, large quantities of ammonium chloride are produced and must be removed from the reaction mixture.
R2SiCl2 + 3 NH3 → 1/n [R2Si–NH] n + 2 NH4Cl 
In the laboratory, the reaction is normally carried out in a dry organic solvent (polysilazanes decompose in the presence of water or moisture) and the ammonium chloride is removed by filtration from the reaction mass. Because the filtration step is both time-consuming and cost-intensive, several production methods were developed in which no solid materials are formed during the final reaction step.
The liquid-ammonia-procedure was developed by Commodore/KiON for polysilazane synthesis. It calls for adding chlorosilane or chlorosilane mixtures simultaneously to an excess of liquid ammonia. The resulting ammonium chloride dissolves in the liquid ammonia and phase separates from the polysilazane. Two immiscible liquids form. This allows for the simple isolation of pure polysilazane from the liquid ammonia/ammonium chloride solution. The patented procedure is used today by AZ Electronic Materials in the manufacture of polysilazanes.
Previously, Hoechst AG manufactured VT 50 and ET 70 (now discontinued) as polysilsesquiazane solutions. Synthesis took place in two steps: first a trichlorosilane was reacted with dimethylamine and the resulting monomeric aminosilane was separated from dimethylammoniumchloride. In a subsequent salt-free step, the aminosilane was treated with ammonia to afford a polymer solution.
If hexamethyldisilazane (HMDS) is used as a nitrogen source instead of ammonia, transamination takes place. The chlorine atoms liberated from the chlorosilane are tied to the trimethylsilyl groups of HMDS so that no chlorine-containing solid salts are formed. This procedure was used by Dow Corning to manufacture the hydridopolysilazane HPZ.
Numerous additional procedures for the synthesis of Si–N based polymers have been described in the literature (for example a dehydrogenation coupling between Si–H and N–H or ring-opening polymerizations) but none are currently employed commercially.
For the industrial manufacture of perhydropolysilazane [H2Si–NH]n, ammonolysis in a solvent is the standard process. Although this results in a higher price, the material is routinely used as a coating in the electronics industry due to its special properties (insulating effect in thin layers). The product is available in different solvents as 20% solutions.
Nomenclature.
Silicon-nitrogen compounds with alternating silicon- ("sila") and nitrogen atoms ("aza") are designated as silazanes. Simple examples of silazanes are disilazane H3Si–NH–SiH3 and hexamethyldisilazane (H3C) 3Si–NH–Si(CH3)3. If only one silicon atom is bound to the nitrogen atom, the materials are known as silylamines or aminosilanes (for example triethylsilylamine (H5C2)3Si–NH2). If three silicon atoms are bound to each nitrogen atom, the materials are called silsesquiazanes. Small ring-shaped molecules with a basic network of Si-N are named cyclosilazanes (for example cyclotrisilazane 3). In contrast to this, polysilazanes are silazane polymers consisting of both large chains and rings showing a range of molecular masses. A polymer with the general formula (CH3)3Si–NH–[(CH3)2Si-NH n–Si(CH3)3 is designated as poly(dimethylsilazane). According to the IUPAC rules for the designation of linear organic polymers, the compound would actually be named polyand according to the preliminary rules for inorganic macromolecules catena-poly[(dimethylsilicon)-m-aza. The labels normally used to describe the structure of silicones (M, D, T, and Q) are rarely employed for polysilazanes.
Characteristics.
Polysilazanes are colorless to pale yellow liquids or solid materials. Conditional of manufacturing, the liquids often contain dissolved ammonia that can be detected by smell. The average molecular weight can range from a few thousand to approximately 100,000 g/mol while the density normally lies around 1 g/cm3. The state of aggregation and the viscosity are both dependent on the molecular mass and the molecular macrostructure. Solid polysilazanes are produced by chemical conversion of the liquid materials (crosslinking of smaller molecules). The solid materials can be fusible or unmeltable and can be soluble or insoluble in organic solvents. As a rule, polysilazane solids behave as thermosetting polymers, but in some cases, thermoplastic processing is possible.
After the synthesis, an aging process frequently takes place in which dissolved ammonia plays an important role. The R3Si–NH2 groups resulting from the ammonolysis reaction form silazane units by splitting off ammonia. If ammonia can not escape, the silazane units can be split again into R3Si–NH2 groups. Therefore, frequent venting of ammonia can lead to an increase in molecular mass. Also, functional groups that are not bound directly into the polymer backbone can react under suitable conditions (for example Si–H with N–H groups) and increase crosslinking of the rings and chains. An increase in molecular weight can also be observed during storage at higher temperatures or in sunlight.
With contact to water or moisture, polysilazanes decompose more or less quickly. Water molecules attack the silicon atom and the Si–N bond is cleaved. The R3Si–NH–SiR3 forms R3Si–NH2 and HO–SiR3 which can further react (condensation) to form R3Si–O–SiR3 (siloxanes). The rate of the reaction with water (or other OH containing materials like alcohols) depends on the molecular structure of the polysilazanes and the substituents. Perhydropolysilazane [H2Si–NH] n will decompose very quickly and exothermically with contact to water while polysilazanes with large substituents react very slowly.
Polysilazanes are not vaporizable because of strong intermolecular forces. Heating polysilazanes results in crosslinking to form higher molecular weight polymers. At temperatures of 100-300 °C, further crosslinking of the molecules takes place with evolution of hydrogen and ammonia. If the polysilazane contains further functional groups such as vinyl units, additional reactions can take place. In general, liquid materials will be converted to solids as the temperature increases. At 400-700 °C, the organic groups decompose with the evolution of small hydrocarbon molecules, ammonia and hydrogen. Between 700 and 1200 °C a three-dimensional amorphous network develops containing Si, C and N ("SiCN ceramics") with a density of ca. 2 g/cm3. A further temperature increase can result in crystallization of the amorphous material and the formation of silicon nitride, silicon carbide and carbon. This so-called pyrolysis of the polysilazanes produces ceramic materials from low-viscosity liquids with very high yield (up to 90%). Due to the organic groups that are often used to give good polymer processability, ceramic yield is normally in the range of 60-80%.
Application Examples.
For a long time polysilazanes have been synthesized and characterized, and their great potential for many applications was acknowledged. However, up to now, very few products have been developed into a marketable commodity. The development effort for these rather expensive chemicals is relatively high because of changing commercial availability among other things. Nevertheless, for some applications, polysilazanes proved to be competitive products.
Taking advantage of their reaction with moisture and polar surfaces, polysilazanes are used as coating materials. Many metals, glass, ceramics or plastics with OH groups on the surface are easily wetted by polysilazanes. Reaction of Si–N with OH leads to the formation of Si–O–metal bonds generating good adhesion of the coating to the substrate. The “free” surface of the coating can react with humidity thereby creating a siloxane-like structure with excellent “easy to clean” properties. tutoProm®, an organopolysilazane-based product, is used by Deutsche Bahn AG (German Railways) on their carriages as an anti-graffiti coating. Beyond that, organopolysilazanes can be applied as high temperature coatings or anti-corrosion varnishes.
The inorganic perhydropolysilazane can be used in a similar way. Curing in air yields a carbon-free amorphous coating of SiOx. Compared to organopolysilazane-derived materials, these coatings are less flexible but very smooth and dense. They show excellent barrier properties (against water vapor or oxygen) and a low electrical conductivity. This makes them suitable candidates for different application in electronics or solar industry.
Polysilazanes can be used as or in combination with synthetic resins. First experiments on specially treated components have shown that thermally cured materials can withstand temperatures of 400 - 600 °C. Most plastics are not applicable in this temperature range. The resins will be used for the fabrication of non-combustible fiber-reinforced composites.
Polysilazanes are suitable precursors for ceramic materials. Since most ceramic materials are produced by powder processing and sintering, near net shape forming is very difficult for complex components. With the aid of organic binders added to ceramic powders, injection molding or other casting techniques are possible, but removal of the organics (“debinding”) is expensive and results in fragile “white bodies” which are difficult to handle and shrink significantly during sintering. Pre-ceramic polymers can replace these organic binders. After compounding, casting and curing, the thermoset material can be pyrolyzed in one step to give a ceramic component in high yield. However, this application is still in its infancy in the civilian area.
Physical and chemical properties of pre-ceramic polymers can be varied in a wide range by chemical modifications. This is crucial for the production of ceramic fibers, an important topic both at universities and in industrial research. Silicon carbide fibers made from polycarbosilanes were the first to be used for reinforcement of ceramic matrix composites. The production of silicon nitride fibers from perhydropolysilazane was described by Tonen Corp. at the end of the 1980s. Dow Corning modified the HPZ polymer as a precursor for SiCN fibers, and Hoechst AG did successful experiments with VT50. More recently, G. Singh at Kansas State University demonstrated synthesis of boron-modified polysilazane for synthesis of Si(B)CN functionalized carbon nanotubes, which were stable in air up to 1000 C. The PDC-CNT composites are being explored for applications such as damage resistant coatings for high power laser thermal detectors as well as Li-ion battery anodes.

</doc>
<doc id="31122087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122087" title="Sawi">
Sawi

Sawi may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="31122096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122096" title="Konkani language agitation">
Konkani language agitation

The Konkani language agitations were a series of agitations that happened in the Indian state of Goa (formerly the union territory of Goa, Daman and Diu) during the post-Independence period. The agitations involved several mass protests, riots, student and political movements in Goa, and concerned the official status of Konkani in the state and in the Indian Republic.
History.
Pre-Portuguese and Portuguese Goa.
Since early times, Konkani language and literature took a beating due to persistent invasions on Goa by:
The final death knell for Konkani was the Inquisition which sought to root out Konkani from Portuguese territories in India. The use of Konkani, the language of communication between the Portuguese authorities and the local population was, amongst other Hindu practices, declared heretic. Portuguese was declared to be the sole language; a move supported by Franciscan missionaries. It was made the sole language of official communication and a pre-requisite for government jobs. A Church edict in 1684 directed a change over of the "lingua franca" from Konkani to Portuguese. This unsuccessful language policy was revoked in 1761 by the Minister of the Kingdom ( Prime Minister) Sebastião José de Carvalho e Melo, better known as the Marquês de Pombal. However, the Inquisition had taken its toll. Konkani manuscripts and literature, in the Nagari and Goykanadi, were consigned to the flames as heretic literature. This led to extermination of Konkani from the "velhas conquistas". However, Konkani survived in the Hindu majority "novas conquistas", who, in view of the edict against written Konkani continued using Konkani as the language at home. They also used Marathi translations of sacred Hindu texts. This was followed by the arrival of Marathi speaking Brahmins to serve in Hindu temples. This episode in history was an important event in the struggle for the status of Konkani vis a vis Marathi amongst the Hindu population of Goa. Konkani also survived amongst the Saraswat Brahmins, Gaud Saraswat and Bhanap, the Daivajnas, the Kudumbis, the Catholics who migrated to Karnataka, Kerala and Maharashtra. Konkani received no patronage in her homeland, Goa during the Portuguese period. Occasional books written by Fr. Agnelus F.X. Maffei in 1882 and the book on Konkani grammar by Fr. Thomas Stevens in 1622 were published with Konkani being rendered in the Roman script.
The first attempt for the revival of Konkani as a language of literature was by Rao Saheb Dr. V.P. Chavan, the former vice-president of the Anthropological Society Bombay through his book "Konkan and the Konkani Language" which presented Konkani in the Devanagari script.
This still did not improve the status of Konkani in 19th century Goa where the Catholic élite admitted their wards to Portuguese medium schools with the idea of enabling them to pursue a professional career or a career in the colonial administration. Marathi and English medium schools emerged in the private sector. Konkani, the "mā̃yabhās" (mother tongue) retreated to the confines of the household in favour of the "poṭācī bhās" (language of commerce). Multiple dialects emerged not only within Goa, but also in Karnataka and Kerala where Konkani speakers had settled. The anti-Konkani movement of the Portuguese had long ceased and gave way to the Hindu populations cynical view of the status Konkani over Marathi. The ripples of this episode of the language controversy are still prevalent in contemporary Goa.
By the 1950s, middle class Goans, both Catholic and Hindu, were sending their wards to English medium schools and the Hindu population was catered to by Marathi Medium schools.
Goa after Indian annexation.
The annexation of Goa in 1961 saw the decline of Portuguese and the rise of English for administrative purposes. Better off Goans, both Christian and Hindu, started sending their wards to English medium schools. Marathi medium schools remained popular with the Hindu population, who looked at Marathi with reverence as the language in which Hindu scriptures, translated from Sanskrit, could be accessed. An argument of Konkani being a Marathi dialect and Konkani speakers being Marathis began to take shape. Although "Konkani preserved an older stage of phonetic development, and showed a greater variety of verbal forms than standard Marathi", Indian linguists like Prof. Anant Kakaba Priolkar and European linguists like John Leyden looked at Konkani as a Marathi dialect which branched off from a common Prakrit parent.
Post 1958 saw the birth of a definite pro-Konkani camp that, at different times, included Joaquim Heliodoró da Cunha Rivara, whose essay on Konkani "O Ensaio Historico da Lingua Concani" provides considerable information on the language during the first three hundred years of Portuguese rule in Goa, Fr. Agnelus F.X. Maffei, Dr. Sumitra Mangesh Katre, Dr. S. B. Kulkarni, French linguist Jules Bloch and the English scholar John Wilson.
Shenoi Goembab.
Aware of the looming danger of Konkani being sidelined, "vāman vardē śeṇai vaḷavalikār", popularly known as" śeṇai goyẽbāb" gave a clarion call for the revival of Konkani in the early 20th century. Under his guidance, a steady movement was getting built up and the effort was on to initiate a rejuvenation of Konkani language and heritage, by means of establishing a common cultural identity among the Konkani people.
Konkani versus Marathi.
Interestingly, the root of the Konkani Language agitation laid in the denial of Konkani as an independent language and the opposition to merge Goa into Maharashtra. Konkani was not taken seriously as a potential official language except by a few stalwarts. By 1960, pro-Konkani and pro-Marathi groups started a propaganda war through distribution of pamphlets. In 1962, the All India Konkani Parishad held its eighth session for the first time at" Maḍgā̃v" (Margao) in post-liberation Goa and passed a resolution urging the Kendra Sahitya Akademi to recognise Konkani. Simultaneously, the referendum in 1967 thwarted the merger of Goa into Maharashtra and paved the way for its statehood in the Union of India. Goan statehood gave a further boost to the pro-Konkani camp.
Earlier in 1966, the then Chief Minister of Goa, Dayanand Bandodkar appointed a committee to examine the feasibility of declaring Marathi as the official language of Goa. Attempts were made by some members of the "Maharashtrawadi Gomantak Party", a party formed before the referendum proposing merger into Maharashtra, and a splinter group to pass a Goa, Daman and Diu Official Language Bill in 1966 which was thwarted by the Chief Minister. On 22 August 1970, Bandodkar declared Konkani, written in the Devanagari script, as the official language of Goa along with Marathi.
In 1973, chief minister of Goa, Dayanand Bandodkar died, and his daughter Shashikala Kakodkar ascended to the post. Under Kakodkar, government policies favouring Marathi were framed. Marathi was made compulsory in English medium schools whilst Konkani was excluded. This policy was met with severe criticism from Konkani organisations, both, within Goa and outside. Although promises were made by Kakodkar in 1977 and thereafter by then Congress Chief Minister Pratapsinh Rane in 1980 to treat Konkani at par with Marathi, the matter was kept in abeyance till 1986.
koṅkaṇī prajētso āvāz.
In their election manifesto, the Congress party had stated that once statehood was achieved Konkani would be recognised as an official language and demands would be made to include it in the Eighth Schedule of the Indian Constitution. In 1980, the Congress came into power under Chief Minister Pratapsinh Rane. Rane, despite the promises made, procrastinated on the issue. This led to an agitation in 1986 on the streets popularly called "koṅkaṇī prajētso āvāz" (voice of the Konkani people). Goa witnessed the bloodiest agitation ever, the Language agitation, in which seven pro-Konkani agitators lost their lives and several were injured. The violence only halted when the Goa, Daman and Diu Official Language bill was presented to the legislative assembly.
Government action.
The Goa, Daman and Diu Official Language bill, presented to the legislative assembly in 1986, was passed on 4 February 1987 declaring Konkani the sole official language of the Union Territory of Goa, Daman and Diu with provisions for Marathi and Gujarati for Daman and Diu. On 30 May 1987 Goa got statehood with Konkani as the sole official language.The Kendra Sahitya Academy recognised Konkani, in the Devanagari script, as an independent language on 26 February 1975. This paved the way for the decision to include Konkani in the Eighth Schedule of the Indian Constitution making Konkani one of the official languages of India.
Karnataka and Kerala.
The struggle for Konkani in Goa, did not go unnoticed in Canara and Travancore. The Konkani speakers in Canara (currently Uttara Kannada, Udupi and Dakshina Kannada) and Travancore (currently Cochin and Ernakulam), inspired by the writings of Shenoi Goembab were getting increasingly aware on the issue of mother tongue.
Interestingly, the first public pro-Konkani gathering was held outside Goa and by non Goan Konkanis. In 1939, the All India Konkani Parishad was founded by the efforts of Manjunath Shanbhag and the first session was held. This was followed by the second session at Udupi organised by Dr. T.M.A. Pai. The liberation and subsequent statehood of Goa bolstered Konkani's status in Karnataka. In 1962, the Konkani Bhasha Prachar Sabha, Cochin, took up the issue of inclusion of Konkani in the Eighth schedule with the Government of India and the Linguistic Minorities Commission. In 1976, the Konkani Bhasha Mandali was founded at Mangalore enhance the status of Konkani in the state. In 1994, the Government of Karnataka founded the Karnataka Konkani Sahitya Academy at Mangalore to propagate Konkani literature. The first Vishwa Konkani Sammelan was held in Mangalore in 1995 wherein 5,000 delegated from 75 centres from India, the middle east, the US, UK, etc. participated.
In 2005, the foundation was laid for a World Konkani Centre to further the cause of Konkani on a global scale. From the academic year 2007-2008 Konkani has become an optional subject in the schools of Karnataka.

</doc>
<doc id="31122112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122112" title="Crawlspace (2004 film)">
Crawlspace (2004 film)

Crawlspace is a 2004 animated short film, written, directed and animated by Peter Sved as his graduation piece at The Australian Film, Television and Radio School in Sydney.
Plot summary.
A strange man stuck in a desert wakes from his coma and goes in search of water. He discovers a lush green forest, alive with plants and animals the likes of which he could never have dreamt of. He finds a watersnake (a bizarre creature that is a snake with a human hand as its head; is made of a semi-transparent fluid; has the ability to float in air) that has been captured by a giant plant that resembles a venus flytrap, and rescues the strange creature from its clutches. In return, the creature reveals to him the secret place in the forest where water can be found.

</doc>
<doc id="31122123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122123" title="Bharat Mihir">
Bharat Mihir

Bharat Mihir was an Indian publishing company and newspaper published in Bengal during the colonial British Raj. It had branches in Calcutta and Mymensingh (now in Bangladesh).

</doc>
<doc id="31122131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122131" title="Sečovlje Salina Landscape Park">
Sečovlje Salina Landscape Park

The Sečovlje Salina Landscape Park () is a landscape park in southwestern Slovenia covering the Sečovlje Saltworks near the village of Sečovlje. The salt evaporation pond covers an area of while saltworks lie along the mouth of the river Dragonja, covering an area of .
Visitors provide an important source of income for the Park. Due to specific geographic constraints and other factors, (and especially in order to encourage visitors to leave their vehicles outside the park boundaries) it is hoped that electric 'game watching vehicles' (electric public transport) for visitors can be introduced.

</doc>
<doc id="31122154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122154" title="Society Mugs">
Society Mugs

Society Mugs is a Columbia Pictures short film starring Shemp Howard and Tom Kennedy.
Plot.
High society woman Muriel Allen (Christine McIntyre) wants to attend a swanky dinner party thrown by friend Alice Preston (Rebel Randall) but husband Arthur (Charles Williams) decides instead to go on a fishing trip. Rather than showing up stag to the party, Muriel tells housekeeper Petunia (Etta McDaniel) to call the Acme Escort Service to bring a few "college boy" escorts. However, Petunia accidentally calls the Acme Exterminator Co., run by Shemp and Tom.
At the mansion, the duo are assumed to be cultured old college seniors. Guest of honor Lord Wafflebottom (Vernon Dent) follows the pest exterminators' lead in proper American party manners, turning the dinner party into an uncouth display. When mice are conveniently spotted, the boys go to work, disrupting the party and the entire mansion.

</doc>
<doc id="31122160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122160" title="Dreaming (film)">
Dreaming (film)

Dreaming is a 1945 British comedy film directed by John Baxter and starring Bud Flanagan, Chesney Allen and Hazel Court. Its plot concerns a soldier who is knocked unconscious during a battle and has a series of bizarre dreams.

</doc>
<doc id="31122196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122196" title="Esko Prague">
Esko Prague

Esko Prague is a commuter rail system in Prague, Czech Republic. It has been in operation under its current name since December 9, 2007. Esko is part of the Prague Integrated Transport system serving the city of Prague and the surrounding areas of the Central Bohemian Region. It is operated by the Czech Railways.
The system was significantly improved after the completion of the so-called Nové Spojení between southern and northern parts of the system in 2008. In 2008, commuter rail operations in the Moravian-Silesian Region also received the name Esko.
Lines.
Since 2011 December, almost all local tracks in Central Bohemian Region were involved in the Esko numbering (some lines were enhanced and 13 new line numbers assigned). Three lines are interconnected with lines of RegioTakt Ústí nad Labem Region: S4+U4, S32+U32 and S40+U40. 
Numbering system.
The lines are numbered according to the following system: The main lines are numbered with one-digit numbers, starting east and following in the counter-clockwise direction. Then, the connecting lines (S12, S29, S41) are numbered with two-digit numbers, composing of the numbers of the main lines to which they connect. The lines named "R3" etc. are fast trains which run along the same tracks as the S-lines but still stop at multiple stations integrated into the PID system.
Plans for the future.
In the future, it is planned to improve the system significantly, mostly by building new stations on existing lines, upgrading the lines, and integrating more of the existing lines to the system.
There are also plans to build completely new lines, such as a branch from the station Praha-Ruzyně to the eponymous airport.

</doc>
<doc id="31122197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122197" title="Live a Little">
Live a Little

Live a Little may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31122202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122202" title="Radical 31">
Radical 31

Radical 31 meaning "enclosure" is 1 of 31 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of three strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 118 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31122213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122213" title="The Dandies">
The Dandies

Coastal Son are a 4 piece Rock band from Hochdorf, Lucerne Switzerland (formerly "The Dandies", https://twitter.com/thedandies, Jan 17, 2013)
Biography.
Forming in 2006, Coastal Son with Swiss and USA roots, evolved into a 4 piece rock band. During 2009-2011 the band were recording and developing alongside Grammy nominated producer Chris "Frenchie" Smith and their manager Antony Meola. They recorded most of their music at Leeders Farm Recording Studios owned by Dan Hawkins (musician). 
During the last few years they have played various venues across Switzerland & Europe supporting bands such as, Black Rebel Motorcycle Club, Band of Skulls, The Horrors Sixteen Deluxe, & Children Collide as well as playing many international festivals such as Festival Internacional de Benicàssim, Exit (festival), South by Southwest & Reeperbahn festival.
The band were hyped by the press and various articles can be found online including Aol Spinner, Kings Of A&R, and NME quoted them as "Switzerlands Answer To Kings Of Leon And The Strokes".
In 2011 the band moved to England to secure their recording contract with upper 11 music, home to artist such as, Ida Maria, Rev Theory and Eli "Paperboy" Reed
The band's first single Battle Cry was released on the 15th May 2011, in support of single the band supported Meat Puppets on all dates during their Lollipop European tour. It is rumored their debut album is scheduled in for an early 2013 release.

</doc>
<doc id="31122216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122216" title="County roads in Isanti County, Minnesota">
County roads in Isanti County, Minnesota

The following is an incomplete list of county-maintained roads in Isanti County, Minnesota, United States.
CR 1–CR 30.
County Road 1 is a county route serving Bradford Township, Springvale Township, Walbo and Maple Ridge Township. The southern leg of this route begins at its intersection with "325th Avenue Northwest" / State Highway 47 (MN 47), located east of West Point, heads east on "325th Avenue Northwest", heads northwest on "Heather Street Northwest" and "Walbo Drive", east on "333rd Avenue Northwest", and terminates southeast of Walbo at State Highway 95 (MN 95). The northern leg of the route begins in Walbo, at its intersection with Highway 95, heads north on "Vernon Street Northwest", and terminates at its intersection with "389th Avenue Northwest" (CR 3). Originally not segmented, the portion of the southern leg along "333rd Avenue Northwest" was designated as County Road 65, but when the bridge over the Rum River was decommissioned, CR 1 was segmented and re-routed, making use of the Rum River bridge servicing Highway 95.
County Road 2 is a county route serving Cambridge Township. It begins east of Cambridge at its intersection with State Highway 95 (MN 95), heads northeast along "Stark Road Northeast" and terminates at the county line. The road continues eastward as "Stark Road West" (Chisago CR 10).
County Road 3 is a county route serving Dalbo Township, Maple Ridge Township, Elm Park, Stanchfield Township and Stanchfield. It begins east of Dalbo at its intersection with State Highway 47 (MN 47), heads east along "381st Avenue Northwest", heads north along "Jivaro Street", heads east along "385th Avenue Northwest", heads north along "Lily Street Northwest", then heads east , terminating at the county line. The road continues eastward as "500th Street" (Chisago CR 6). Inter-county G maintains concurrency along the entire CR 3.
County Road 4 is a county route serving Dalbo Township, Day, Maple Ridge Township, Stanchfield Township, Andree and Braham. It begins west of Day at its intersection with State Highway 47 (MN 47), heads northeast on "Day Road", continues east on "409th Avenue West" through Day, heads north on "Lily Street Northwest", heads east on "413th Avenue Northwest", heads north on "Holly Street Northwest", heads east and northeast approximately through Andree on "417th Avenue Northwest" and "Andree Road", heads southeast concurrently for with State Highway 65 (MN 65) and heads northeast to the county line on "Rice Lake Road Northeast". Once on the county line, the road heads east, first as "421st Avenue Northeast" (Kanabec CR 4), then as "421st Avenue Northeast" (Isanti CR 4), and then through Braham as "6th Avenue Northwest" (Isanti CR 4). County Road 4 heads south on "Main Street" for , concurrently with State Highway 107 (MN 107), then heads east to the county line on "8th Street Southeast", which becomes "413th Avenue Northeast" upon leaving Braham. The road continues eastward as "North Lake Drive" (Chisago CR 2).
County Road 5 is a county route serving Spencer Brook Township, Oxlip, Bradford Township, Isanti, Isanti Township, Blomford and North Branch Township. The route begins as a continuation of "140th Street" (Mille Lacs CR 2), heads east on "313th Avenue Northwest", heads south on "Dolphin Street", then east on "293rd Avenue Northwest", where for the rest of the route maintains concurrency with Inter-county H. The route briefly heads south on "Palm Street Northwest" (CR 10), heads east on "289th Avenue Northwest" through Isanti, and continues east on "293rd Avenue Northeast" to the county line. The route continues eastward as "Isanti Trail" (Chisago CR 13).
County Road 6 is a county route serving Wyanett Township, Springvale Township, Springvale, Cambridge Township and Grandy. The route begins as a continuation of "60th Street" (Mille Lacs CR 13) at its intersection with "Jarvis Street Northwest" (Isanti CR 13), generally heads east, briefly heads north concurrently with State Highway 47 (MN 47), continues to head east through Springvale and Grandy, briefly heads south concurrently with State Highway 65 (MN 65), then continues to head east to the county line. The route continues eastward as "Rush Point Drive" (Chisago CR 7).
County Road 7 is a county route serving Stanford Township, Crown, Spencer Brook Township, Spencer Brook and Wyanett Township. Roughly paralleling State Highway 47 (MN 47), the route begins as a continuation of "Nacre Street Northwest" (Anoka CR 28), heads north to "261st Avenue Northwest" (CR 8), briefly heads west into Crown, then generally heads north through Spencer Brook to its terminus at the intersection of "Helium Street Northwest" (CR 7 / CR 57) and State Highway 95 (MN 95). The road continues north as "Helium Street Northwest" (CR 57) and eventually as Highway 47.
County Road 8 is a county route serving Stanford Township and Crown. The route begins as a continuation of "260th Avenue" (Sherburne CR 4), heads east on "261st Avenue Northwest", and terminates at its intersection with "Verdin Street Northwest" (CR 10).
County Road 9 is a county route serving Athens Township, Athens, and Oxford Township. The route begins at its intersection with State Highway 65 (MN 65), heads generally east on "269th Avenue Northeast" and "267th Avenue Northeast", and terminates at the county line. the road continues eastward as "Athens Trail" (Chisago CR 17).
County Road 10 is a county route serving Athens Township, Stanford Township, Bradford Township and Springvale Township.
County Road 11 is a county route serving Spencer Brook Township and Wyanett Township.
County Road 12 is a county route serving Athens Township, Oxford Township, Weber, Isanti Township and North Branch Township.
County Road 13 is a county route serving Princeton Township and Bogus Brook Township in Mille Lacs County, 
Wyanett Township and Dalbo Township in Isanti County.
County Road 14 is a county route serving Cambridge, Cambridge Township, Springvale Township and Maple Ridge Township.
County Road 15 is a county route serving Wyanett Township and Dalbo Township.
County Road 16 is a county route serving Dalbo Township.
County Road 17 is a county route serving Bradford Township.
County Road 18 is a county route serving Oxford Township and North Branch Township.
County Road 19 is a county route serving Cambridge, Isanti Township and Bodum.
County Road 19A is a short route located in Isanti Township. It begins at the intersection of "311th Avenue Northeast" (CR 19) and "Durant Street Northeast", heads north on "Durant Street Northeast", heads east on "317th Avenue Northeast", heads north through Stanley on "Lever Street Northeast" and terminates at its intersection with State Highway 95 (MN 95).
County Road 23 is a route serving Athens Township and Isanti. It begins at the intersection of "Verdin Street Northwest" (CR 69) with "249th Avenue Northwest" (CR 10 / CR 23) and heads east , heads north on Xeon Street Northwest, heads east on "261st Avenue Northwest", heads north on "University Avenue", generally heads north and east on "Whiskey Road Northwest", and terminates at its intersection with County Road 5 in Isanti.
County Road 24 is a route serving Stanchfield Township. It begins at the intersection of "389th Avenue Northeast" (CR 3) with "Polk Street Northeast", heads north on "Polk Street Northeast", and terminates at "417th Avenue Northeast" (CR 4).
County Road 27 is a short route located in Cambridge. It begins at the intersection of "1st Avenue East" / State Highway 95 (MN 95) and "Emerson Street", heads north on "Emerson Street", then briefly heads west and terminates at "Main Street" (CR 30). Originally, the county road began at the intersection of "Main Street" and "3rd Avenue Southwest", headed east on "3rd Avenue Southwest", headed north to "Buchanan Street", headed concurrently east on "1st Avenue East" with Highway 95, before continuing northward along the present routing; this longer routing was shortened to the current shorter routing upon completion and re-routing of the State Highway 65 (MN 65) expressway through Cambridge. County Road 27 is unsigned.
County Road 28 is a route serving Spencer Brook Township. The highway is a continuation of "289th Avenue" (Sherburne CR 28) as it becomes "289th Avenue Northwest" (Isanti CR 28) and heads east and north on "Tiger Road Northwest", "291st Avenue Northwest" and "Bison Road Northwest", terminating at its intersection with "293rd Avenue Northwest" (CR 5). Inter-County H runs concurrently on CR 28.
County Road 30 is a short route serving Cambridge and Cambridge Township. The route begins when "Emerson Street" (CR 27) intersects with "Main Street", heads north on "Main Street" for approximately , and terminates at its intersection with State Highway 65 (MN 65). When the Highway 65 expressway through Cambridge was completed, the former routing of Highway 65 along "Main Street" was designated as CR 30. The route was shortened to just the northern portion on "Main Street" in 2004, but a sign indicating this former routing is still seen along east-bound "1st Street" / State Highway 95 (MN 95) as it approaches "Main Street". The highway was marked with a white square shield until 2010 and was re-marked with the blue pentagon shield, but is still indicated along MN 65 with the white square shield as MN 65 approaches the northern terminus of county road.
CR 31–CR 72.
County Road 36 is a county route serving Cambridge Township, Stanchfield Township, Stanchfield and Braham. The southern segment, signed as County Road 36A, begins at its intersection with State Highway 95 (MN 95), heads north on "Vickers Street Northeast", heads west on "333rd Avenue Northeast", and terminates at its intersection with MN 95. The central segment, signed as "County Road 36", begins at its intersection with "Stark Road" (CR 2), heads north and northeast on "Vickers Street Northeast", heads concurrently east on "267th Avenue Northeast" (CR 6), heads north and west on "Lever Street Northeast" and terminates at its intersection with "389th Avenue Northeast" (CR 3). The northern segment, also signed as "County Road 36", begins at its intersection with "389th Avenue Northeast" (CR 3), west of the northern terminus of the central segment, heads northeast, paralleling the rail line, on "Stanchfield Road Northeast" and "Naples Street Northeast", heads east on "395th Avenue Northeast", heads north on "Vickers Street Northeast", and terminates at its intersection with "8th Street Southeast" (CR 4).
County Road 69 is a road serving Athens Township. It begins at the county line, heads north on Verdin Street Northwest, and terminates at 249th Avenue Northwest (CR 10 / CR 23).
County Road 70 is a road serving Bradford Township, Isanti Township, Cambridge Township and Cambridge. It begins at County Road 5, heads north on Holly Street Northwest, heads east on 305th Avenue Northwest, heads north on University Avenue, generally heads north and northeast on Jackson Road, and terminates at 1st Avenue West / State Highway 95 (MN 95).
County Road 71 is a road serving Stanford Township. It begins at the county line as a continuation of Seelye Brook Drive (Anoka CR 71), heads north on Helium Street Northwest, heads east concurrently on 261st Avenue Northwest (CR 8), heads generally north on Zuni Street Northwest, and terminates at German Lake Road Northwest (CR 59).
County Road 72 is a road serving Maple Ridge Township. It begins at its intersection with 397th Avenue Northwest (CR 63), heads north on Dahlia Street Northwest, heads east on 405th Avenue Northwest, heads north on Verdin Street Northwest, and terminates at its intersection with 413th Avenue Northwest (CR 4).
Inter-county.
Inter-county Highway H begins at the southwestern edge of Isanti County as 289th Avenue (Sherburne County Road 28) becomes 289th Avenue Northwest (CR 28) and runs concurrently east on County Road 28. When County Road 28 terminates at County Road 5, Inter-county Highway H continues its concurrency east on County Road 5. While County Road 5 continues on Isanti Trail (Chisago County Road 13), the Inter-county designation terminates at the termination of County Road 5.

</doc>
<doc id="31122227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122227" title="2000 DFB-Ligapokal">
2000 DFB-Ligapokal

The 2000 DFB-Ligapokal was the fourth edition of the DFB Liga-Pokal. Bayern Munich won the competition for the fourth consecutive year, beating Hertha BSC 5–1 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="31122232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122232" title="Stickford">
Stickford

Stickford is a village and civil parish located near the A16 road, about south-west from the town of Spilsby, in the East Lindsey district, of the county of Lincolnshire, England. 
Stickford is recorded in the "Domesday Book" as "Stichesforde".
Stickford church is dedicated to Saint Helen and is a Grade II* listed building. It dates from the 13th century although it has been much restored. 
Stickford County Primary School finally closed in 1987. It had opened as a National School in 1846, and was a Board School between 1872 and 1903 when those were abolished. 
Shaws Windmill is a three story red-brick tower mill dating from 1820, which ceased working in 1952, and is now Grade II listed.

</doc>
<doc id="31122233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122233" title="Maigret Sets a Trap (film)">
Maigret Sets a Trap (film)

Maigret Sets a Trap (French:Maigret tend un piège) is a 1958 French-Italian crime film directed by Jean Delannoy and starring Jean Gabin, Annie Girardot and Olivier Hussenot. It is an adaptation of the novel "Maigret Sets a Trap" by Belgian writer Georges Simenon featuring his fictional detective Jules Maigret.

</doc>
<doc id="31122234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122234" title="Butterfly World, Hertfordshire">
Butterfly World, Hertfordshire

The Butterfly World Project is a developing visitor attraction in the village of Chiswell Green, on the outskirts of St Albans in Hertfordshire, UK, dedicated to showcasing and promoting learning about butterflies.
Launch.
The project was started by lepidopterist Clive Farrell, and was launched in 2008 at the Royal Society in London. Farrell secured a number of high-profile patrons for the scheme, including naturalists Sir David Attenborough and Professor David Bellamy, gardener and broadcaster Alan Titchmarsh, actress Emilia Fox, and barrister and politician Baroness Helena Kennedy.
The site at Chiswell Green is adjacent to the Gardens of the Rose and construction has been underway since 2009. Four phases of development are planned. Terra Firma landscape architects worked with client Clive Farrell, artist and garden designer Ivan Hicks and Chrysalis Architects on the project masterplan and detailed proposals.
Opening.
The Butterfly World site has been open to the public since spring 2009.
Phase I.
The site comprised a butterfly-shaped chalk garden, wildflower meadows designed to provide a habitat for butterflies, a shop, cafe and plant boutique.
Phase II.
In phase 2, a breeding centre was opened, together with an artificial lake in the shape of a chrysalis, a study centre, picnic areas and a children's play area. The cafe and visitor centre was also enlarged and upgraded. 250,000 sunflowers were planted in the field that will eventually host the rainforest biome.
Phase III.
Plans for the third phase of development included the opening of a leafcutter ant exhibition, as well as expansion of the children's play area and a redevelopment of the butterfly house and designer gardens.
Phase IV.
The final phase of development will see the construction of a 100-metre-wide rainforest biome, which will provide a habitat for butterflies as well as hummingbirds, insects, spiders and tropical plants. The biome will include a public walkway, caves and watercourses to explore.

</doc>
<doc id="31122241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122241" title="Live a Little (song)">
Live a Little (song)

"Live a Little" is the title of a song written by David Lee Murphy and Shane Minor, and recorded by American country music singer Kenny Chesney. It is the third single from his 2010 album "Hemingway's Whiskey", and it was released to radio in March 2011.
Background and writing.
Chesney told the Nashville Music Scene that the song defines him as a person. Co-writer David Lee Murphy told The Boot that the two were just sitting around and Minor said he had a good idea for a song called "live a little, love a lot." They wrote the song at the end of summer and Murphy said "we had our windows down, just singing at top of our lungs."
Critical reception.
Bill Frisicks-Warren of "The Washington Post" described the song negatively in his review of the album, saying that "Nothing — not even the singer's self-deprecating, Everyday Joe persona — can redeem ." 
Karlie Justus of The 9513 gave it a "thumbs down". She thought that Chesney's singing sounded uninterested; she also thought that its subject matter was too similar to other songs of his, and that it had a very similar melody to his 2005 single "Keg in the Closet".
Stuart Munro of "The Boston Globe" called the song a "good-timing singalong". A positive review also came from Bobby Peacock of Roughstock, who gave it four stars out of five. His review said that the song was "delightfully unhurried" and that Chesney "has rarely sounded better."
Kevin John Coyne of Country Universe gave the song a C grade, saying that the song starts with a "pure pop/rock intro" and then transitions into acoustic country but eventually "disintegrates to generic Chesney: loud but not assertive, cute but not clever, upbeat but not uplifting."

</doc>
<doc id="31122253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122253" title="List of Deputy Ministers of Justice (Canada)">
List of Deputy Ministers of Justice (Canada)

The chief civil servant of the Canadian Department of Justice () is termed the Deputy Minister.

</doc>
<doc id="31122261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122261" title="Amsterdam-Centrum">
Amsterdam-Centrum

Amsterdam-Centrum is the inner-most deelgemeente, or submunicipality, within the Dutch capital of Amsterdam. Originally governed locally as the City of Amsterdam, it was reestablished in 2002 as a stadsdeel (similar to a borough in New York City) of a Greater Amsterdam municipality. There are approximately 83,500 inhabitants living within the 8.04 square kilometer (2.93 square mile) stadsdeed, of which 0.22 km2is water.
Stadsdeel governing board.
Dayly governing board.
Since 2010 is Jeanine van Pinxteren (Groenlinks) the stadsdeel president. Between 2006 and 2010 was Els Iping (PvdA) stadsdeel president. She succeeded Anne Lize van der Stoel (VVD).
Stadsdeel council.
The council was founded in 2002, with the deelgemeente. The number of council members was set at 27, but in 2006 it was raised with 2 till 29.
The underlined numbers form the coalition.

</doc>
<doc id="31122263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122263" title="Biathlon World Championships 2011 – Women's individual">
Biathlon World Championships 2011 – Women's individual

The women's individual competition of the Biathlon World Championships 2011 was held on March 9, 2011 at 17:15 local time.

</doc>
<doc id="31122265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122265" title="List of Olympic venues in fencing">
List of Olympic venues in fencing

For the Summer Olympics, there are 31 venues that have been or will be used for fencing.

</doc>
<doc id="31122275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122275" title="2002 Svenska Cupen Final">
2002 Svenska Cupen Final

The 2002 Svenska Cupen final took place on 9 November 2010 at Råsunda Stadium in Solna. The match was contested by the Stockholm rivals AIK and Allsvenskan champions Djurgården. Substitute Louay Chanko scored the winning goal in extra time after a pass from Johan Elmander and secured ""The Double"" for Djurgården. 

</doc>
<doc id="31122285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122285" title="Lichte (river)">
Lichte (river)

The Lichte River is a right tributary of the Schwarza in Thuringia, Germany, and is long.
Source.
The Lichte rises as the "Little Lichte" () in Neuhaus am Rennweg in the Thuringian Highlands.
Course.
The Lichte flows north through the Thuringian Forest Nature Park, first through the Finsterer Grund (Dark Valley), where a now closed section of the Sonneberg – Probstzella single-track railway line passes over it on a viaduct. It then reaches the municipality of Lichte, which extends for approximately along its banks. In the centre of Lichte (in the Wallendorf section) the Piesau joins the Lichte. Below the municipality of Lichte, the river passes through a roughly long and deep gorge, which ends in the Deesbach Forebay (height ). This is followed by the Leibis-Lichte Dam, the second tallest valley dam in Germany, high. The municipality of Unterweißbach borders the dam and extends for approximately along the river, which then empties into the Schwarza to the west of the municipality at Mankenbachsmuehle.
The Lichte and Piesau both have unusually steep and deep gorges, the difference between hill tops and valley bottoms often exceeding .
Tributaries.
The rivers and streams in the area of the Lichte valley have been known for centuries for deposits of placer gold and are considered the most significant sources of gold in Germany. Recreational placer miners continue to find occasional gold nuggets.

</doc>
<doc id="31122291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122291" title="List of communes of the Province of Mantua">
List of communes of the Province of Mantua

The following is a list of the 70 "comuni" of the Province of Mantua, Lombardy, in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="31122295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122295" title="La Madelon">
La Madelon

La Madelon or Quand Madelon is a French popular song of World War I. Although it is mostly known as "La Madelon" the proper title is "Quand Madelon" which are the beginning words of the refrain. The lyrics are by Louis Bousquet (1914) and the music by Camille Robert. 
The song tells a story about soldiers flirting with a lovely young waitress in a country tavern and may partly owe its long term popularity to the fact that the lyrics were clean at a time when soldiers' songs were mostly bawdy and rude. It was one of the most popular songs in France during World War I and became a patriotic song as the war wore on. It remains a patriotic, well-known song in France to this day.
It was translated into other languages as well. In English it was titled "Madelon ("I'll Be True to the Whole Regiment")". It also became popular among Spanish soldiers. 
It was revived in World War II and Marlene Dietrich sang it in Paris in 1939 during the celebration of the national day of 14 July.
It appears in "La Madelon", French 1955 comedy by Jean Boyer.
Spanish actress-singer Sara Montiel sang it in the 1957 box office hit movie El Último Cuplé.
Lyrics.
As recorded by Sara Montiel in 1957
Pour le repos le plaisir du militaire
Il est là-bas à deux pas de la forêt
Une maison aux murs tous couverts de lière
Aux Tourlourous c’est le nom du cabaret
La servante est jeune et gentille
Légère comme un papillon
Comme son vin son oeil petille
Nous l’appelons la Madelon
Nous en rêvous la nuit nous y pensons le jour
Ce n’est que Madelon mais pour nous c’est l’amour
Quand Madelon vient nous servir à boire
Sous la tonnelle on frôle son jupon
Et chacun lui raconte une histoire
Une histoire à sa façon
La Madelon pour nous n’est pas sevère
Quand on lui prend la taille ou le menton
Elle rit c’est tout l’mal qu’elle sait faire
Madelon, Madelon, Madelon

</doc>
<doc id="31122300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122300" title="Mismatched Couples">
Mismatched Couples

Mismatched Couples (aka Love Meets the Match) is a 1985 Hong Kong film directed by Yuen Woo-ping starring him and martial artist Donnie Yen.
The film was created during hip hop culture's height of popularity in the 80s, and in addition to martial arts, incorporates b-boying, popping, locking, and the Electric boogaloo.
Plot.
Eddie (Donnie Yen) is a martial artist and hip hop dancer. In the film, he befriends a poor old man named Mini (Yuen Woo-ping). Mini later falls in love with Eddie's older sister, Ying (Wong Wan Si). Later, Eddie's cousin, Stella (May Lo), falls for him, but Eddie actually has his eyes on Anna (Anna Kamiyama). Meanwhile, Kenny (Kenny Perez) also has his eyes on Anna, while there is a fighting champion (Dick Wei) who is obsessed with fighting Eddie.

</doc>
<doc id="31122312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122312" title="Le Secret de Mayerling">
Le Secret de Mayerling

Le secret de Mayerling is a 1949 French historical drama film directed by Jean Delannoy and starring Jean Marais, Dominique Blanchar and Jean Debucourt. It set around the 1889 Mayerling Incident when the crown prince of the Austrian Empire was found having apparently committed suicide with his lover.

</doc>
<doc id="31122315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122315" title="Ujalhati">
Ujalhati

Ujalhati is a village in Mymensingh District, Dhaka Division, Bangladesh.

</doc>
<doc id="31122326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122326" title="1971 Stockholm Open – Doubles">
1971 Stockholm Open – Doubles

The 1971 Stockholm Open was a tennis tournament played on hard courts and part of the 1971 Pepsi-Cola Grand Prix and took place in Stockholm, Sweden. The tournament was held from November 1 through November 7, 1971. Stan Smith and Tom Gorman defeated Arthur Ashe and Bob Lutz, 6–4, 6–3, in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="31122342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122342" title="Estevan Antonio Fuertes">
Estevan Antonio Fuertes

Estevan Antonio Fuertes (May 10, 1838 San Juan, Puerto Rico - January 16, 1903 Ithaca, New York) was a Puerto Rican-American civil engineer.
Biography.
Born in San Juan, Puerto Rico, Estevan Antonio Fuentes was the son of Estevan and Demetria Cherbonnier Fuertes. He received his education at Salamanca, Spain, and at the Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute of Troy, New York. From 1861 to 1863, he was assistant engineer in the Department of Public Works, Puerto Rico, and subsequently served as director of public works for the western district of that island. Coming to the United States in 1864, he was successively assistant engineer and engineer to the Croton Aqueduct Board, and prepared a valuable report on the connection of the Croton water supply with the manufactures of New York City. From 1870 to 1871, he was chief engineer of the American Isthmian Canal expeditions to Tehuantepec and Nicaragua to investigate and report on the practicability of a ship canal connecting the Caribbean and the Pacific.
In 1873, he was appointed dean of the civil engineering department of Cornell, and from 1890 to 1902 directed the college of civil engineering there and brought the equipment of that department up to modern standard. In 1902, he became professor of astronomy at Cornell and supervised the construction of the A. C. Barnes Observatory.
He planned a drainage system for Santos, Brazil. He was a member of many scientific societies, American and foreign, and published numerous scientific articles and reports.
Family.
On December 11, 1860, he married Mary Stone Perry. They had six children: Felix Juan (b. November 20, 1861 Puerto Rico), James Hillhouse, George Perry (April 15, 1865 Brooklyn, New York - October 6, 1878 Ithaca), Sarah Demetria (b. January 6, 1868 Stamford, Connecticut), Mary Katherine (b. March 16, 1872 Stamford) and Louis Agassiz.

</doc>
<doc id="31122349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122349" title="Ibn Sbyel">
Ibn Sbyel

Ibn Sbyel or Ibn Sbe'yel or AlSbyel (Arabic ابن سبيل) are a family from the ALQmesah clan, from the Adnanite tribe of `Anizzah. The family is notable for their connection to the Ma’anagi Arabian horse studs :
Ma'anagi Sbyeli Stub.
The Ma'anagi Sbyeli stud is one of the oldest Arabian horse studs, And the Ibn Sbyel inherited it from Juhail Ibn Jadraan, A man who is also from the clan of ALQmesah in the 17th century, And it was back then called Keheilet Ajuz .
Ma'anagi Hidraji (Hidrani) Stub.
It is pronounced Hidraji in Northern Arabia, Mesopotamia, And The Levant . And it is also pronounced 
Hidrani in Najd, Tihamah, and Hijaz, And the name difference is duo to ease the letter Yāʾ in the word H'ddri by adding the letter ǧīm before the original Yāʾ in H'ddri or adding ʾAlif nūn before the Yāʾ . And it's the stud that Meq'ed Ibn H'ddri had loot from the Ibn Sbyel In a battle in the middle of 19th century and it has increased within his grasp and changed its name from Ma’anagi Sbeyli to Ma’anagi Hidraji .

</doc>
<doc id="31122376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122376" title="North Kyme">
North Kyme

North Kyme is a village and civil parish in the North Kesteven district of Lincolnshire, England. It is situated on the A153 road, and south-east from the city and county town of Lincoln. 
North Kyme has a church dedicated to Saint Luke, which was built in 1877 of red brick to a design by Drury and Mortimer, and is a Grade II listed building. It replaced an earlier church which had been pulled down during the Reformation. 
The village cross dates from the 14th century and is Grade II listed, and also a scheduled monument. It was restored in the 1820s. 
North Kyme Primary School opened in 1866, and was leased to the North Kyme School Board when it formed in 1879. Fire destroyed the wooden buildings of the junior and senior classrooms on 20 May 1952, but the school survived until 2005, when it closed. 
The village has a public house, The Plough Inn, and a village hall.

</doc>
<doc id="31122377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122377" title="List of Olympic venues in field hockey">
List of Olympic venues in field hockey

For the Summer Olympics, there are 32 venues that have been or will be used for field hockey. The competitions were first held at the Olympic Stadium until 1928 when it was held at a stadium that did not have the Olympic Stadium title. From 1936 to 1960 with the exception of 1952, the competitions were held in more than one venue. Artificial turf made its Olympic debut at the 1976 Summer Olympics. The last field hockey competitions that was not held on a single venue was in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="31122381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122381" title="Napoleon Road">
Napoleon Road

Napoleon Road (French:La route Napoléon) is a 1953 French comedy film directed by Jean Delannoy and starring Pierre Fresnay, Henri Vilbert and Claude Laydu. A chancer organises a series of package tours along a route said to have been taken by Napoleon in 1815 when in fact the Emperor never set foot there. The local inhabitants back up his story as they hope to cash in on the tourist boom.

</doc>
<doc id="31122397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122397" title="Jean-Marie Apostolidès">
Jean-Marie Apostolidès

Jean-Marie Apostolidès is a Greek-French novelist, essayist, playwright, theater director, and university professor. He was born in Saint-Bonnet-Tronçais, France, on November 27, 1943.
Biography.
Apostolidès grew up in Troyes, a traditional and bourgeois French town. His autobiographical novel, "L’Audience", recounts his upbringing in this provincial city and paints a memorable picture of French life in the 1950s-1960s. This work centers on the author’s life-altering encounter with pope Pius XII, a “minor episode” that led him to abandon religion and devote himself to theater.
Following his “first vocation,” Apostolidès studied theater in Paris with Tania Balachova, then moved on to the study of psychology and the social sciences, obtaining a master in psychology in Nanterre, in 1968. He then moved to Canada (Toronto, then Montreal) where he taught psychology. In 1972 his first play "Bobby Boom" was directed by Olivier Reichenbach, set design by Guy Neveu, at the Théâtre du Gèsu in Montreal. In 1972 he returned to France and undertook a doctorate in sociology with Jean Duvignaud as director. During this period, while teaching at the university of Tours, Apostolidès founded a production company and directed short films with Bertrand Renaudineau. He defended his thesis and obtained his "doctorat d’état" in literature and the social sciences in 1977. From 1981 to 1982, Apostolidès worked with Jean Gascon, French-Canadian theater director, on adapting Oedipus the King for the National Arts Centre in Ottawa.
He has been teaching in the United States since 1979, first at Stanford University (1979–1981), then at Harvard (1981–1987). In 1987 he returned to Stanford where he is the William H. Bonsall Professor of French. He teaches literature and drama.
Apostolidès is the theorist of "iconomy", a new field of study of images and of their effects on people.
Oeuvre.
Jean-Marie Apostolidès’ oeuvre focuses on theater and social history. The author draws on his knowledge of psychoanalysis, anthropology, sociology, and literature aiming to “tap into what cannot be discerned by social actors.” His first two books – "Le Roi-Machine" (1981), "Le Prince sacrifié" (1985) – deal with spectacle and court pageantry under the reign of Louis XIV. Another work in line with "Le Roi-Machine" is his essay "Cyrano. Qui fut tout et qui ne fut rien", a literary and political analysis of Edmond Rostand’s 1897 play "Cyrano de Bergerac".
Apostolidès has written a number of plays, which have been staged in France, Canada, and the United States. Among his theatrical works are: "Bobby Boom" (1972), "La Nauf des fous" (1980 and 1988) and "Il faut construire l'hacienda" (2006). As a theater director, he has developed the approach of "mise-en-tableaux", a method of "mise en scène" intended to enhance the spectators’ emotional involvement with the action presented on stage.
He is a well-known expert on "The Adventures of Tintin", a subject on which he has published extensively – from "Les Métamorphoses et Tintin" in 1984, to "L’Archipel Tintin" in collaboration with Benoit Peeters, to "Tintin et le mythe du surenfant", to his latest work entitled "Dans la peau de Tintin" (2010). In this recent essay, he studies Hergé’s psychology, undertaking an in-depth analysis of elements touched upon in his earlier works ("Les Métamorphoses et Tintin"; "Tintin et le mythe du surenfant").
His interest in avant-garde movements, i.e. the Situationist International and the Lettrist International, as well as in the personalities who founded them, lead to the publication of the essay "Les Tombeaux de Guy Debord" and the play "Il faut construire l’hacienda". Apostolidès also authored multiple studies and collective editions on the avant-garde: in collaboration with Boris Donné, a biography of Ivan Chtcheglov, "Ivan Chtcheglov, profil perdu"; an edition of Chtcheglov texts, "Écrits retrouvés"; and three books of Patrick Straram – L"es bouteilles se couchent", "La veuve blanche et noire un peu détournée", "Lettre à Guy Debord".
He translated into French the manifestoes of terrorist Theodor Kaczynski, known as the Unabomber: "Le Manifeste de 1971" (1996) and "L’avenir de la société industrielle" (in 2009). Apostolidès also authored an essay on the Unabomber: "L’Affaire Unabomber" (1996).
Apostolidès considers three of his works particularly important. The first of these is his only novel to date, "L’Audience", a family narrative published in 2001 and augmented in 2008. This autobiographical text is the author’s most personal work because in it he shares his sufferings, incomprehensions, hopes, and loves. Through the story of one family, "L’Audience" covers half a century of life in provincial France. Second, "Cyrano. Qui fut tout et qui ne fut rien", an essay on Edmond Rostand’s play "Cyrano de Bergerac", is an attempt to discover why, a hundred years after its creation, this play still fascinates so many people. Apostolidès sensed that the secret of Rostand’s play was associated with the paternal figure and that the work’s significance extended far beyond its literary qualities. Finally, "Héroïsme et victimisation" (2003), constitutes, as the subtitle notes, a “history of sensibility” in the West. In this essay, Apostolidès analyzes the events of May 1968 and their consequences on French society at the beginning of the 21st century. He shows how the longstanding culture of heroism was gradually replaced by a culture of victimization, thus leading to the birth of a new type of society. A new edition of this work appeared in 2011.
Bibliography.
Novel.
"L'audience" (Exils, 2001), édition revue et complétée (Les Impressions Nouvelles, 2008.)
Theater.
"La Nauf des fous" (Albin Michel, 1982) 
"Il faut construire l'hacienda" (Les Impressions nouvelles, 2006).
Essays.
"Le Roi-machine. Spectacle et politique au temps de Louis XIV" (Minuit, 1981) 
"Les Métamorphoses de Tintin" (Seghers, 1984 ; Exils, 2003 ; Flammarion, 2006) 
"Le Prince sacrifié. Théâtre et politique au temps de Louis XIV" (Minuit, 1985) 
"L'Affaire Unabomber" (Le Rocher, 1996) 
"Les Tombeaux de Guy Debord", précédé de "Guy-Ernest en jeune libertin" (Exils, 1999 ; Flammarion, 2006) 
"Héroïsme et victimisation. Une histoire de la sensibilité." (Exils, 2003); Editions du Cerf, 2011. (ISBN 978-2-204-09469-6)
"Tintin et le mythe du surenfant" (Moulinsart, 2003) 
"Cyrano. Qui fut tout et qui ne fut rien" (Les Impressions nouvelles, 2006) 
"Dans la peau de Tintin" (Les Impressions nouvelles, 2010)
Collective editions.
"L'Archipel Tintin", with Albert Algoud, Benoît Peeters, Pierre Sterckx et Dominique Cerbelaud (Les Impressions nouvelles, 2004) 
"Ivan Chtcheglov, profil perdu", with Boris Donné (Allia, 2006) 
"Ecrits retrouvés, on Ivan Chtcheglov", with Boris Donné (Allia, 2006) 
"Lettre à Guy Debord : Précédée d'une Lettre à Ivan Chtcheglov by Patrick Straram" (Allia, 2006), with Boris Donné
"La veuve blanche et noire un peu détournée", by Patrick Straram, with Boris Donné (Sens & Tonka, 2006) 
"Little Nemo, 1905-2005, un siècle de rêves", by Apostolidès, Baetens, Ciment, Fresnault-Deruelle, Groensteen, Maresca, Peeters, Samson, Smolderen, Sterckx, Tisseron et Van Lier.
Translation.
Theodore Kaczynski, "Le Manifeste de 1971" and "L'avenir de la société industrielle" with a preface. (Paris, Éditions Climats, 2009)

</doc>
<doc id="31122410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122410" title="Federated Mutual Insurance Company">
Federated Mutual Insurance Company

Federated Mutual Insurance Company ("Federated") is a direct writer of property and casualty insurance products headquartered in Owatonna, Minnesota. The Company has approximately 2400 employees and operates in 48 states and the District of Columbia, with a regional office in Phoenix, Arizona, and several service offices located throughout the country. Federated has an A. M. Best rating of "A+ (Superior)."
History.
During the 1890s, the retail implement dealers in Minnesota formed an association, which proved to be very successful. In 1904, these dealers decided to try to reduce their insurance costs by organizing their own insurance company.
Initially, the Company was known as the Minnesota Implement Mutual Fire Insurance Company, and retained this name for many years. They would later become the Mutual Implement and Hardware Insurance Company, then Federated Mutual Implement and Hardware Insurance Company and, finally, Federated Mutual Insurance Company ("Federated Mutual").
On January 1, 1948, Federated Mutual entered the casualty insurance field, and was one of the first major insurance companies to write both fire and casualty insurance. In November 1949, accident and health coverage was added, with group accident and health insurance being written for various trade associations and employer groups. Federated Life Insurance Company ("Federated Life") was organized in January 1959.
Product Range.
List of products offered by Federated Mutual Insurance Company:
Markets.
List of markets in which Federated Mutual Insurance Company operates:

</doc>
<doc id="31122417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122417" title="Thea Trinidad">
Thea Trinidad

Thea Megan Trinidad (born December 27, 1990) is an American professional wrestler, model, actress, and zumba instructor of Puerto Rican descent. She is best known for her work in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) under the ring name Rosita, a name she also uses in the Family Wrestling Entertainment (FWE) promotion. She currently works for other independent promotions under the ring name Divina Fly. In TNA, she was a one-time Knockouts Tag Team Champion with Sarita.
Early life.
Trinidad grew up watching professional wrestling with her father Michael Angel Trinidad and younger brother Timothy. She also practiced swimming and baseball. On September 11, 2001, when Trinidad was ten years old, her father was killed in the terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center, where he worked for the firm Cantor Fitzgerald as a Telecom Analyst. He was on the 103rd floor of the North Tower when it collapsed. Trinidad has said it was because of her father that made her enter the wrestling business. Trinidad was featured in an NBC special, titled "Children of 9/11", on September 5, 2011.
Growing up, Trinidad also worked as a counselor on a camp for children that had lost parents on 9/11 and also participated in charitable causes such as Habitat for Humanity after Hurricane Katrina in New Orleans with Tuesday's Children. At the age of seventeen, Trinidad began training professional wrestling under Javi-Air, Azrieal, and T.J. Perkins.
Professional wrestling career.
Early career (2010–2012).
Trinidad made her professional wrestling debut under the ring name Divina Fly for National Wrestling Superstars (NWS) on February 20, 2010 at a NWS event in Bloomfield, New Jersey, where she competed against Brittney Savage in a losing effort. On the August 21 NWS event, Fly competed against Niya in a losing effort. On October 1 at a NWS event, Trinidad, now under the ring name Snookie Fly, teamed up with Judas Young and Mike Dennis in a losing effort to Brittney Savage and Team Supreme (Corvis Fear and Nicky Oceans) in a mixed-tag-team match.
On February 20, 2010, She made her debut for Women Superstars Uncensored (WSU), under the ring name Divina Fly in a losing effort against Brittney Savage. On June 26, 2010, Divina Fly and Niya, collectively known as The Fly Girls, competed for the WSU Tag Team Championships but lost to the reigning champions, Cindy Rogers and Jana. On September 11, 2010, Divina Fly won a match against newcomer Candy Cartwright with a Fly Cutter.
Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (2011–2013).
After being discovered by Tommy Dreamer, Trinidad wrestled in a tryout dark match at Total Nonstop Action Wrestling's (TNA) "Impact!" television tapings on January 11, 2011, losing to Angelina Love. On January 27 it was reported that Trinidad had signed a contract with the promotion. On the February 10 edition of "Impact!", Trinidad, under the ring name Rosita debuted as the storyline cousin of Sarita in an eight knockout tag team match, where the two of them teamed with Madison Rayne and Tara and defeated Angelina Love, Mickie James, Velvet Sky and Winter, when Rosita pinned Sky. The following week Rosita and Sarita defeated Angelina Love and Velvet Sky in a tag team match to earn a shot at Love's and Winter's TNA Knockouts Tag Team Championship. On March 13 at Victory Road, Rosita and Sarita defeated Love and Winter to win the TNA Knockouts Tag Team Championship, with Sarita proclaiming that their victory would start a Mexican takeover of TNA. On the following edition of "Impact!", the alliance of Rosita, Sarita and Hernandez was named Mexican America. The three of them were then defeated in a six person street fight by Love, Winter and Matt Morgan. On March 24, the three were joined by Anarquia. In the following weeks Rosita and Sarita successfully defended the Knockouts Tag Team Championship first against The Beautiful People (Angelina Love and Velvet Sky) and then against Madison Rayne and Tara. They made their third successful defense on the June 16 edition of "Impact Wrestling", defeating Velvet Sky and Ms. Tessmacher, following outside interference from ODB. Rosita and Sarita lost the TNA Knockouts Tag Team Championship to Ms. Tessmacher and Tara on July 12 at the tapings of the July 21 edition of "Impact Wrestling". They received a rematch on August 7 at Hardcore Justice, but were defeated by Tessmacher and Tara. On the March 22, 2012, edition of "Impact Wrestling", Rosita and Sarita again failed to recapture the Knockouts Tag Team Championship, when they were defeated by Eric Young and ODB. 
On April 19 episode of TNA "Impact", Rosita and Sarita teamed up with Madison Rayne and Gail Kim in a losing effort to Brooke Tessmacher, Tara, Velvet Sky and Mickie James. Rosita and Sarita were given another title opportunity on April 15 at Lockdown, but were once again defeated by Eric Young and ODB, this time in a steel cage match. Afterwards, both Rosita and Sarita went inactive from TNA, while Anarquia left the promotion and Hernandez turned face, effectively ending Mexican America. After months of inactivity, it was reported on January 9, 2013, that Trinidad's contract with TNA had expired and she had parted ways with the promotion. On February 1, Trinidad confirmed that her contract had expired the previous day.
Other promotions (2011–present).
In late August 2011, Rosita traveled to Mexico to attend an event held by the Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) promotion, for which Sarita regularly works under the ring name Dark Angel. During Rosita's stay in Mexico, she was trained by CMLL trainers, Hijo del Gladiador and Tony Salazar, and was eventually offered a contract with the promotion, which she, however, could not sign due to TNA's working relationship with rival promotion Asistencia Asesoría y Administración (AAA). Just days later, Rosita appeared on AAA's television program, "Sin Límite", promoting a storyline, where wrestlers from TNA were invading the promotion.
On May 14, 2011, Rosita made her in-ring debut for Family Wrestling Entertainment at the "Meltdown" pay-per-view, losing to fellow knockout Winter with Christy Hemme as the special guest refree. Rosita and Winter had three rematches, first on August 20 at "Empire City Showdown", the second on November 15 at "Fallout" and the third on December 17 at "Haastility"; all were won by Winter. Rosita made her return to the promotion on March 24, 2012, at the "Welcome to the Rumble" pay-per-view, where she unsuccessfully challenged Maria Kanellis for FWE Women's Championship in a three-way match, after Winter pinned her to become the new champion.
On November 9, 2013, Rosita and Carlito defeated Tara and Stevie Richards at House of Hardcore 3.
World Wrestling Entertainment / WWE (2013–present).
On March 4, 2013, Trinidad took part in a tryout for World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). Trinidad returned to the promotion, in June 2014, appearing multiple times as one of Adam Rose's "rosebuds".
Other media.
Trinidad took part of "The Witches of Oz" and has been featured in numerous magazines and news media such as Pro-Wrestling Illustrated, Superluchas, Luchas 2000, The Chicago Sun-Times, The Orlando Sentinel, USA Today and more. Trinidad also appeared in the critically acclaimed documentary "Children of 9/11" and on the first anniversary of "September 11 Memorial Ceremony" participated in the reading of victim names.
Personal life.
On the tenth anniversary of 9/11, Trinidad spoke about her father in an out-of-character interview on TNA's No Surrender pay-per-view. She is the cousin of professional wrestler Amazing Red. Trinidad admitted Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson Inspired Her to Act and Says She Wants to be the Female Rey Mysterio on Maria Menounos’ Black Hollywood Live Network

</doc>
<doc id="31122418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122418" title="Judgment Deferred">
Judgment Deferred

Judgment Deferred is a 1952 British drama film directed by John Baxter and starring Hugh Sinclair, Helen Shingler and Abraham Sofaer. The film is a remake of the director's earlier film, "Doss House" (1933), and features an early performance from Joan Collins. It was the first production from "Group 3", a company formed to encourage new young British film-makers (which later produced The Brave Don't Cry, Conflict of Wings, The Angel Who Pawned Her Harp and several other low-budget features). 
Plot.
With the assistance of a journalist a group of refugees and down and outs try and unmask the criminal who has framed one of their number as a drug dealer.

</doc>
<doc id="31122428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122428" title="List of communes of the Province of Gorizia">
List of communes of the Province of Gorizia

The following is a list of the 25 "comuni" of the Province of Gorizia, Friuli-Venezia Giulia, in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="31122443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122443" title="Rex Smith Biplane">
Rex Smith Biplane

The Rex Smith Biplane was a pioneering biplane based mostly on designs of Glen Curtiss. It was built and demonstrated at College Park, Maryland at the same airfield that the Wright Brothers trained pilots using their aircraft for the U.S. Army Signal Corps just North of Washington D.C. This followed the initial demonstration at Fort Myer, Virginia in 1908 and 1909 when the U.S. Army Signal Corps accepted the Wright Flyer in July, 1909. Both the Wright Brothers and Curtiss continued to demonstrate their aircraft at the College Park Airport.
Operational history.
At a 1911 display in Washington D.C. of the Smith biplane a large crowd gathered to watch the motor started indoors, kicking dust throughout the building. On April 13, the biplane demonstrated wireless air-to-ground communications at College Park. On April 15, test pilot Tony Jannus attempted a take off from the Potomac River with new pontoons attached to the landing skids. The plane plowed into the water, nearly drowning Jannus. By the end of the year, the aircraft had demonstrated 137 flights, including takeoffs and landings during snowstorms.
Variants.
A aircraft was developed with an airfoil that tapered from four feet thick to nearly flat at the wingtips. The aircraft used wing warping tips rather than ailerons. It was tested with a Hall-Scott engine by test pilot Paul Peck. A Berliner Rotary was also considered for the design.

</doc>
<doc id="31122451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122451" title="Karin Dubsky">
Karin Dubsky

Karin Dubsky, born 1954, is a German-Irish marine ecologist working in Trinity College Dublin, and is the coordinator and co-founder of Coastwatch Europe, an environmental NGO and a member of the European Environmental Bureau. 
Dubsky speaks and campaigns regularly on environmental issues, especially affecting water quality, wetlands, dunes and bathing beaches, in the Irish media.
She has worked professionally in environmental education, and in research and practical projects ranging from wetland protection, over waste, oil and litter prevention and control, coastal zone management, environmental law and biodiversity policy. She co-designed the Blue Flag for Beaches award programme, co-founded the Irish Clean Air Group, an inter-disciplinary group from TCD and hospitals led by Dr. Luke Clancy, which successfully lobbied for the introduction of smokeless fuel in Ireland, and set up an international volunteer eco-audit of the coast which spread to 23 countries. Data from the survey were used by OSPAR and the EEA. 
Data from the Coastwatch survey were also used to lobby for a plastic bag tax in Ireland, which, when introduced, was the first in Europe and brought plastic bag litter down from over 54 per km of shoreline to around 3-4. 
She co-authored the chapter on public participation and communication in the World Health Organisation's Practical Guide to the Design and Implementation of Assessments and Monitoring Programmes for bathing waters 
Dubsky was appointed to the environmental pillar of Ireland's social partnership in May 2009 and is on NESC (The National Economic and Social Council, the Dublin Regional Authority's Dublin Bay Task Force and the Wexford Local Development Board. She was a member of the Eastern Regional Fisheries Board from 2005–2010, and Comhar.
She withdrew from the Seanad Election of 2011 due to an oversight in official registration of her Irish citizenship over forty years previously, which could not be rectified in time for the beginning of the election.
Court Cases.
Karin took a number of court cases as an individual and as part of Coastwatch. These include a Supreme Court decision that government must give reasons for opinions (Boyne estuary habitat restoration) and High Court injunctive relief to halt creosote sludge dumping in Waterford Port. Dubsky instigated and persisted with EC complaints which ended in the European Court of Justice and belatedly resulted in improvements to landfill sites, provision of compensatory habitat and restoration of wetlands.
Environmental Lobbying.
Dubsky campaigned for reform of legislation including public information on water quality of bathing beaches, which was introduced in Ireland ahead of other countries.
Some other specific actions taken by Karin include.
Drawing public and official attention to Dublin area raw sewage problems by gaining access to official water monitoring results and organising citizen sewage reports. Researched treatment options and lobbied for a tertiary treatment plant.
Halting illegal cockle dredging in Waterford estuary with both media and Senate support.
Exposing wrecking of Kilmuckridge-Tinnaberna Sandhills and together with other Coastwatchers halted the cattle storage and pollution. A restoration order now in place is just being implemented.
Education.
Second Level Education: Newtown School Waterford
Third Level Education: BA Zoology from Trinity College Dublin and Masters in Environmental Sciences taken partly in Galway, completed in Trinity College Dublin.
Personal life.
Karin was born in Bonn in Germany and grew up on a farm straddling Bannow Bay Co. Wexford. She now lives in Ballymoney, Co Wexford, married to Paul Dubsky, with three sons - Stephan, Paul and Eoin - all working abroad and a daughter Julia who recently started college.

</doc>
<doc id="31122452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122452" title="Komal Sharma">
Komal Sharma

Komal Sharma is an Indian film actress and former squash player.
Career.
She was born in Chennai,Tamil Nadu to a North Indian family who had settled there four decades ago. Komal is the youngest among her four siblings. She pursued her Bachelors of Computer Applications from Sri Kanyaka Parameswari College for women, Chennai and grabbed her university proficiency. She joined the Squash Racquets Federation of India (SRFI) and won several junior and senior National Squash championships. Being an athlete she is even completed 21 km Chennai Marathon.
As a sportsperson Komal got lot of offers to endorse various brands. She won the title call Miss Metropolis 2009 and continued winning pagents like Sunsilk Miss Tamil Nadu, Lux Miss Beautiful Skin of Tamil Nadu, Lux Miss Beautiful Skin of South India, IBIBO I Fresh Face of South India,twice crowned as Miss Tamil Nadu in two different events. She was then offered a role in S. A. Chandrasekhar's "Sattapadi Kutram", after the film unit saw some of her pictures, which she took. Even before the release of the her first film, She signed and completed another film "Oothari", directed by Shakti Krishna. Komal's third movie Nagaraja Cholan MA,MLA played opposite to Seeman.

</doc>
<doc id="31122457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122457" title="Elle Mehrmand">
Elle Mehrmand

Elle Mehrmand is a new media performance artist and musician. Mehrmand's work combines the body and electronics. Her performance art work has been presented at museums, galleries and art festivals throughout the Americas. She is a member of the band Assembly of Mazes.
Overview.
She is the singer and trombone player of "Assembly of Mazes", a music collective who create dark, electronic, middle eastern, and rhythmic jazz rock. Elle is currently an MFA candidate at UCSD, and received her BFA in art photography with a minor in music at CSULB. She is a researcher at the Center for Research in Computing and the Arts and the b.a.n.g. lab at UCSD.
Performances and exhibitions.
Mehrmand's latest performances explore holographic technology. At the University Art Gallery's "Archive Fever" series, Mehrmand performed "Robert Breitmore will bring a Hologram" using a transparent screen from Reintek.
In November 2010, Mehrmand performed "Becoming Transreal" with Micha Cárdenas at the UCLA Freud Playhouse. The performance demonstrates the interest in her work across disciplines, as it was supported by the UCLA Department of Theater, School of Theater, Film, and Television, LGBT Studies, the Center for the Study of Women, The Center for Research in Engineering, Media and Performance, and the Center for Research in Computing the Arts at UCSD and San Diego State University’s Second Life Initiative, Aztlan Island. The performance was reviewed by Linzi Juliano for the Center for the Study of Women. 
In January 2010, Mehrmand performed "technésexual" with Micha Cárdenas at Duke University's Visualization Technology Group's Interactive Studio. The performance was supported by Duke's Women Studies Department, Information Science + Information Studies, Art, Art history and Visual Studies and the Franklin Humanities Institute. The performance was followed up by an artist lecture at the Nasher Museum. Mehrmand's writing about "technésexual" has also been included in the peer reviewed journal Version.
Mehrmand's work has been shown in numerous museums and galleries in 2010, including the California Biennial at the Orange County Museum of Art, the Museum of Contemporary Art, San Diego, the Galeria de la Raza in San Francisco and the Perform! Now! festival in Chinatown, Los Angeles., Exhibitions in 2009 included "Intimate Simulations" at Lui Velazquez in Tijuana, among others. 
Performances and talks in 2009 include technésexual at Arse Elektronika 2009 in San Francisco, and at the Hemispheric Institute of Performance and Politics in Bogota, Colombia, Dorkbot Socal, Something is Happening
Assembly of Mazes has performed recently at the Long Beach Museum of Art, Gallery Azul, the Prospector and the Pasadena Gallery.
Reviews.
Mehrmand is a member of the Electronic Disturbance Theater 2.0 and the b.a.n.g. lab, whose project the Transborder Immigrant Tool received extensive media coverage in 2010 around the world in on the web print, television and radio. The project has also been the subject of numerous academic papers, including "Reading the Transborder Immigrant Tool" at MLA 2011 and "The Transborder Immigrant Tool: Violence, Solidarity and Hope in Post-NAFTA Circuits of the Body Elec(tron)ic" at Mobile HCI 2010.
Her performance art work has been reviewed in , Reno News & Review, Synthtopia,
The band Assembly of Mazes' music has been reviewed in the OC Weekly, and Strung Out Zine 
Awards.
Mehrmand's erotic mixed reality work has been awarded the Emerging Fields Award from the University of California Institute for Research in the Arts.

</doc>
<doc id="31122462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122462" title="The Grand Escapade">
The Grand Escapade

The Grand Escapade is a 1946 British family adventure film directed by John Baxter and starring James Harcourt, Patric Curwen and Peter Bull.
Plot.
Three boys join an old traveller on his journey through Southern England, eventually helping to expose and capture some smugglers.

</doc>
<doc id="31122472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122472" title="Carrickabraghy Castle">
Carrickabraghy Castle

Carrickabraghy () Castle stands on a rocky outcrop at the north-western extremity of The Isle of Doagh, at the head of Pollan Bay, in the parish of Clonmany, in the Barony (Ireland) of Inishowen, County Donegal, Republic of Ireland. Known locally as 'The Castles', it is a place of captivating beauty, steeped in history with tales of bravery and battles, and of foreign invasion and revolt. The site is of significant importance to both local and national Irish history.
Name.
Whilst it is accepted that the Irish word 'Carraig' means rock, there is some debate as to the meaning of 'Bhrachai'. It is thought the word could be a personal name, as it is mentioned in the pre-Norman genealogy of the Cineal Fhearghasa, and could be an ancestor of the McFall sept. Machtochair, in his book "Inishowen, Its History, Traditions and Antiquities" says Carraig Bhrachai means 'The Friars Rock'.
History.
From the ninth to the thirteenth century Inishowen was politically divided into three 'tuatha' or districts. These were known as Aileach in the south, Bredach to the east and Carraig Bhrachai to the west. The Lords of Carraig Bhrachai were the O Maolfabhail sept (anglicised McFall), who were descended from Cineal Fhearghasa, a branch of Cineal Eoghain. They ruled from the town-land of Carrickabraghy, the area where the Castle now stands. They were one of the most important families in Inishowen.
The earliest historical mention of Carrickabraghy comes in The Annals of the Four Masters;
In 834 The monarch Niall Caille led an army into Leinster; one of his officers, Fearghas, son of Badhbhchadh, lord of Carraig Bhrachai, was killed by Munstermen.
In 857 Sechonnan, son of Conaing, king of Carraig Bhrachai, died.
In 878 Maolfabhail, son of Loingseach, lord of Carraig Bhrachai, died.
In 907 Ruarc, son of Maolfabhail, lord of Carraig Bhrachai, died.
In 915 in a battle between the Irish and foreigners – Danes or Norse – the chief of Carraig Bhrachai was slain.
In 965 Tiarnach, son of Ruarc, lord of Carraig Bhrachai, died.
In 1014 Cu Dubh, son of Maolfabhail, chief of Carraig Bhrachai, was slain by the race of Tadhg Breagha.
In 1053 Flaitheartach O Maolfabhail, lord of Carraig Bhrachai, died.
In 1065 Muireartach O Maolfabhail, king of Carraig Bhrachai, was killed by the Ui Meith of Menna Tire.
In 1082 Giolla Chriost O Maolfabhail, king of Carraig Bhrachai, was slain.
In 1102 An army was led by Cineal Eoghain to Maigh Cobha. The Ulidians entered their unguarded camp by night and killed a number, among whom was the king of Carraig Bhrachai, Sitric O Maolfabhail.
In 1166 Aodh O Maolfabhail, king of Carraig Bhrachai, was treacherously killed by Muireartach, son of Niall Mac Lochlainn.
In 1199 Cathalan O Maolfabhail, king of Carraig Bhrachai, was killed by O Dearain particulars, who was slain in revenge immediately afterwards by adherents of Cathalan.
In 1215 Trad O Maolfabhail, chief of Cineal Fhearghasa, his brothers and a great number of people were slain in Dumbartonshire in Scotland by Muireadach, the chief steward of Lennox. The particulars of the conflict are not given.
At this point all reference to the Lords of Carriag Brachai ceases.
It is striking to see that the Lords of Carrickabraghy were important enough to be included in this book of Irish History over such a long period of time. They were heavily involved in medieval conflicts and were considered important military officers in these battles, fighting alongside kings, and taking to battle across the seas.
Sean Beattie, in his book 'Ancient Monuments of Inishowen' recounts a tale regarding a Viking raid on Donegal in the tenth century. Three princesses were taken as hostages during the raid. One of the princesses escaped and took plundered treasure with her. She came ashore at Carrickabraghy and married a local chief.
It is interesting to note that throughout the period of Viking invasion in Inishowen the McFall sept maintained their control over Carrickabraghy.
Carraig Bhrachai is not mentioned again in the history books until 1600. The present remains of The Castle are thought to have been built around this time. The O Dochartaigh Clan had risen into power in Inishowen and the Chief of the clan and Lord of Inishowen was Sean Og O Dochartaigh. The English invasion of Ireland was well underway, and to protect his livestock and supplies from English raids, Sean Og decided the best place to store them was on The Isle of Doagh with his kinsman, The Lord of Carraig Bhrachai, Feilimi Brasleach O Dochartaigh. There was good reason for this as The Isle of Doagh was unfamiliar territory to the English and was easily defended as it was only accessible at low tide.
Sean Og O Dochartaigh died suddenly in 1601 and his successor as Lord of Inishowen had not yet been decided. The natural choice, his first-born son, Cathaoir Rua, had not yet come of age, and there were other forces at work wanting their own man installed. Aodh Rua O Donaill, the Lord of Tir Chonaill, wanted an experienced and mature man at the helm, someone who would remain loyal to him, effectively keeping the peninsula and its resources under his control. That man was Feilim Og, Sean Og's half-brother. The English commander in Derry, Sir Henry Dowcra, was not bothered who the successor was as long as they were ready to submit himself and the territory to the Queen. Aodh Bui Mac Daibheid wanted the young Cathaoir as successor. Aodh Rua O Donaill prevailed and Feilim Og was inaugurated in February 1601. His reign, however, was to be short lived. Aodh Bui Mac Daibheid, though cunning negotiations with both Dowcra and O Donaill, had Cathaoir Rua O Dochartaigh rightfully installed as Lord of Inishowen in May 1601. He was just 14 years old, and he was to be the last of the great Irish Lords.
It is important to note that Ireland at this time was very fragmented, with feuds and arguments happening between different clans. The English were seen as just another enemy, and the rulers of the clans were really only interested in keeping hold of their own lands.
Aodh Rua O Donaill mobilised his army in May 1601 to attack Aodh Bui Mac Daibheid who was in alliance with the English. The reasons he did so are unclear. Maybe he thought he was being double-crossed when he agreed to install Cathaoir Rua as Lord of Inishowen. The battle took place on the sand plain at Pollan on The Isle of Doagh, not far from Carrickabraghy Castle. Aodh Rua O Donaill and his forces were beaten. Machtochair says 'The battle was bloody; the loss was terrible'.
Although Cathaoir Rua was Lord of Inishowen from 1601, he did not take full control until he turned 18 in 1605. His rule was a peaceful one until The Flight of The Earls in 1607. The English became suspicious the Earls would return with forces from Spain to reclaim their lands, and thought Cathaoir Rua had a part to play in this plan. In the autumn of 1607, Cathaoir Rua went to chop wood at Kilmacrennan for building purposes. English spies reported this as Cathaoir Rua mobilising for a rebellion. Cathaoir heard of these English suspicions and sensed danger. He went into hiding at Carraig Bhrachai Castle. From here he planned the famous rebellion that would end in his death in 1608.

</doc>
<doc id="31122477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122477" title="Dominique Kalifa">
Dominique Kalifa

Dominique Kalifa is a French historian, professor at the University of Paris 1 Pantheon-Sorbonne, where he is head of the Doctoral School of History and director of the Centre of 19th Century History. A student of Michelle Perrot, he specialises in the history of crime, transgression, social control, and mass culture in 19th and early 20th France and Europe. He also teaches at the Institut d'Etudes Politiques de Paris (Sciences Po) from 2008 and reviews for the French newspaper "Libération". His last book was devoted to the underworld and its role in the Western imagination. He is currently working on a new project about the concept of ""Belle Epoque"" and the ways 20th century France has represented the turn of the century.
Books.
In English : 
“Crime Scenes: Criminal Topography and Social Imaginary in Nineteenth Century Paris”, "French historical studies", vol. 27, n° 1, 2004, p. 175-194 ; “Criminal Investigators at the Fin-de-siècle”, "Yale French Studies", n° 108, 2005, p. 36-47 ; “What is now cultural history about?”, in Robert Gildea and Anne Simonin (eds), "Writing Contemporary History", London, Hodder Education, 2008, p. 47-56; « The Press », in E. Berenson, V. Duclert & C. Prochasson (eds), "The French Republic. History, Values, Debates", Ithaca, Cornell University Press, 2011, p. 189-196; “Minautaur”, "Journal of Modern History", vol. 84, n° 4, 2012, p. 980-982. 

</doc>
<doc id="31122480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122480" title="Dodwell &amp; Co.">
Dodwell &amp; Co.

Dodwell & Co. () or Dodwell's, was one of the leading British merchant firms, or hongs, active in China and Japan during the 19th and 20th century. It was a direct rival to Jardine, Matheson & Co.
History.
W.R. Adamson and Company – The forerunner of Dodwell & Co..
The forerunner of Dodwell & Co., "W.R. Adamson and Company", was founded as a result of the efforts of a group of Cheshire weavers who needed to increase supplies of raw silk for their mills. On their behalf, William R. Adamson arrived in Shanghai in 1852. In 1858 he set up his own firm, W.R. Adamson and Company, in London, with its head office in Shanghai and branches in Hong Kong, Foochow and Hankow. It was the first of the British merchant firms to venture into Japan, opening a branch in Yokohama in the early 1860s. W.R. Adamson and Company built up an export business in tea and silk, and also a general import business, and began to acquire shipping agencies. The name changed in 1867 to "Adamson, Bell and Company", when Frederick Hayley Bell joined the company.
In 1872, the firm appointed a shipping clerk in its Shanghai office named George Benjamin Dodwell (1851–1925). He was 20 years old, born in Derby and quickly rose to prominence in the company, playing an important part in its expansion throughout the Far East. By 1876 Adamson Bell and Company's tea shipments were only marginally behind those of "Jardine, Matheson & Co" and "Butterfield and Swire". Dodwell also secured in 1887 the agency for chartering and managing ships on behalf of the Canadian Pacific Railway between Hong Kong and Vancouver (Canada), thus establishing the first regular steamship line across the Pacific.
The formation of Dodwell & Co. and its expansion till the Second World War.
When in 1886 Adamson decided to retire and return to England he also withdrew his capital and Bell was left in control. Because of the lack of the former cash resources and the practical experience of Adamson the company soon ran into severe financial difficulties and faced bankruptcy from March 1890. Dodwell, together with A.J.H. Carlill, saw their chance to take over the business activities of their moribund employer and formed "Dodwell, Carlill and Company" on 1 May 1891. The head office of the new company was set up in London.
By this stage the firm had branches in China and Japan, the Pacific coast of Canada and the United States and from 1912 New York. Shipping agency and tea trading were major concerns. Having lost again the Canadian Pacific contract in 1892, Dodwell secured another trans-Pacific contract with an American railroad company, the Northern Pacific Railway, and by the turn of the century could claim to be the largest shipping firm on the Pacific coast. Dodwell was a large exporter of China and Japanese teas, which they sold especially to Britain, the United States and from 1901 to Russia. When demand began to shift towards Indian teas, Dodwell opened a branch in Colombo in Ceylon (today Sri Lanka) in 1897 to purchase and sell Cylon teas.
In 1898 George Benjamin Dodwell and his partners decided to transform the business into a Private Limited Liability Company. From 1 January 1899 the company began to operate as "Dodwell & Company Limited" with a capital of £500,000. By its articles Dodwell was elected Chairman for life. The same year he retired from the East and returned to London. There George Benjamin Dodwell not just oversaw the further development of Dodwell & Co. but diversified his business activities and was chairman of the "Malacca Rubber Plantation Company".
From the turn of the century on to the First World War, tea sales declined and general merchandising and the shipping agencies became more important. Branches initially opened for shipping agency or tea trading often developed other activities. The Vancouver branch invested in salmon canneries, developing a business exporting canned salmon to Britain and elsewhere. In the United States the Tacoma branch exported lumber and together with the Seattle branch helped develop a local flour milling industry. The Colombo branch diversified from tea trading to the export of coconuts. It established a desiccating mill in 1910 and acquired a number of tea and coconut plantations.
Japan also became more important to the company. Dodwell & Co. acted as the exclusive agent for the chartering of ships by the Japanese government during the Russo-Japanese War of 1904–05. Its Japanese trading business expanded further through the export of coal to Singapore and Shanghai, and the shipment of Japanese straw braid from Kobe for Europe. Dodwell & Co. also helped with opening of the new port of Yokkaichi to further its export of Japanese porcelain. During the First World War Dodwell's shipping business boomed with the chartering, bunkering, and sale of Japanese steamers to the Allied powers. In 1919 Dodwell & Co. reached a peak of success. The capital of the company had doubled and the trading profit achieved record levels unsurpassed until 1947.
The inter-war period and the Second World War.
The inter-war period was marked by grim economic conditions.
After the First World War the increasing success of Japanese companies in the struggle for a share of the world's trade, made it more interesting for them to deal directly with customers and suppliers in foreign countries. Middlemen import and export traders and ship charteres like Dodwell's had to adapt accordingly. In 1927 Dodwell & Co., now headed by Carlill after the death of his founding partner in 1925, decided to stop to trade on its own account. Instead Dodwell & Co. would act only as agent for other companies selling to Japanese buyers.
The decline of the value of the Chinese Dollar to zero and an ill judged investment in the Shanghai company "Sanitas Mineral Water Factory" in 1932 contributed to the substantial losses of Dodwell & Co. in the 1930s. At the same time the Shanghai tea trade was losing heavily. Between 1920 and 1938 Dodwell & Co. paid dividends just on three occasions (1923, 1937 and 1938). The company survived this difficult time only because it had built up a large reserve fund of nearly £300.000 during the prosperous first two decades of the twentieth century.
Only the recovery of most of the branches of Dowell & Co. from 1938 onwards ensured that the company was well placed to face the upheavals of the Second World War, including shipping losses and the liquidation of their entire Japanese holdings by the authorities in 1941.
The post war years and the loss of independence.
Following the End of the Second World War, Dodwell´s offices in Hong Kong and Japan had to be re-opened. As a consequence of the Chinese Revolution 1949 the company was forced to close down all branches in Mainland China. Dodwell & Co. had to look elsewhere overseas for new markets. Soon new branches were established in the Philippines, Australia, New Zealand and East Africa. Also in 1948 a Joint venture was set up in India together with the Indian company "Salem & Co.", selling electrical equipment and steel tubing from Germany.
Post-war recovery in Hong Kong and Japan was rapid, and the company began to expand in new directions, including rubber and textiles, and also motor vehicles. "Dodwell Motors", a subsidiary, was formed in Hong Kong after the war. It amalgamated in 1969 with Inchcape's "Metro cars" to form "Metro-Dodwell Motors Limited", which took over all British Leyland franchises in Hong Kong. From the mid-1950s, Dodwell & Co. specialised as buying agents for department and chain stores throughout the world, opening their own retail stores in some places, including Kenya and Hong Kong (franchise of Marks & Spencer and later BHS).
In 1972 the whole share capital of Dodwell & Co. Limited was acquired by "Inchcape and Company Limited", which maintained Dodwell as a quasi-independent company for some time. Only when a combination of factors plunged Inchcape into its two most difficult years ever, 1994 and 1995, much of Dodwell & Co. was sold off in separate parts. In 1995 the buying agent business of Dowell & Co. was sold as part of "Inchcape Buying Services" to the smaller competitor "Li & Fung Ltd." (Hong Kong). The shipping service of Dodwell & Co. had been integrated into the newly formed "Inchcape Shipping Services" (ISS) in 1993, which was purchased by "Electra Investment Trust Plc", a British investment group in 1999. In January 2006 Electra sold ISS to "Istithmar PJSC", a major investment house based in Dubai (United Arab Emirates). The extensive interests in business-machine trading in Hong Kong, Japan and many other Far Eastern countries, which Dodewll & Co had established by the 1970s, were also hived off. Inchcape, since 1999 solely focused on the sale of motor vehicles, only retained the motor car business of Dodwell & Co..
Premises.
Dodwell & Co. had its Head Office from 1891 to 1903 at "Dock House", Billiter Street and thereafter at 24, St. Mary Axe, both City of London (London, England).

</doc>
<doc id="31122482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122482" title="Trolleybuses in Sanremo">
Trolleybuses in Sanremo

The Sanremo trolleybus system or San Remo trolleybus system (), also known as the Italian Riviera trolleybus (Italian: ), is focused on the town and "comune" of Sanremo, in the region of Liguria, northwestern Italy.
Opened in 1942 and extended in two stages by 1951, the system consists of three routes operating along different portions of a single long corridor, linking the coastal towns of Ventimiglia and Taggia.
History.
The trolleybus system on the Italian Riviera was built to replace two interurban tramways, the Taggia–Ospedaletti tramway and the Bordighera–Ventimiglia tramway. The new trolleybuses, unlike the trams, were also able to cope with the steep climbs between Ospedaletti and Bordighera.
The first trolleybus route, from Sanremo to Ospedaletti (9.15 km), was inaugurated on 21 April 1942, followed on 1 February 1948 by the second line (Sanremo–Taggia), and in 1951 by the Ospedaletti–Ventimiglia extension. The Sanremo–Taggia and Sanremo–Ventimiglia routes were designated as lines T and V, respectively. A third route, serving the urban area of Sanremo only and using the overhead wires already in place for lines T and V, began operation in 1958, designated line U. Route V is about 18 km long, route T 10 km (originally) and route U 5.75 km.
On 20 December 2001, a branch was opened on line T to serve the then-new Taggia-Arma railway station. However, it was used for only a few months. In March 2002, line T service was converted indefinitely to motorbuses, due to roadworks, and a succession of other road projects have continued to delay the reinstatement of trolleybus service. At present, trolleybuses have not operated on line T since 2002.
The trolleybus system was owned and operated by "La Società Trasporti Elettrici Liguri" (STEL) until 1983, when Riviera Trasporti SpA took over.
Routes.
Three services are operated along the single corridor comprising the Sanremo trolleybus system. They are:
External links.
"This article is based partially upon a translation of the Italian language version as at March 2011."

</doc>
<doc id="31122487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122487" title="Hokkaido proportional representation block">
Hokkaido proportional representation block

The Hokkaido proportional representation block (比例[代表]北海道ブロック, "Hirei [daihyō] Hokkaidō burokku") is one of eleven proportional representation (PR) blocks for the House of Representatives in the Diet of Japan. It consists of Hokkaidō and is one of two PR blocks that covers only one prefecture, the other is Tokyo. Following the introduction of proportional voting it elected nine representatives in the election of 1996. Since 2000 the Hokkaidō PR block is represented by eight representatives.
Summary of results.
With eight seats, Hokkaidō is the second smallest PR block (Shikoku has only six seats), and the vote share needed to gain a seat is usually above ten percent. In 2000, when the combined vote of the two major parties reached a low of 56.8%, the Social Democratic Party managed to obtain a seat with only 8.9% of the vote (for a detailed explanation, see D'Hondt method).
In addition to the five national parties that emerged from the party realignments of the 1990s, the regionalist one-man party New Party Daichi has become a contender for PR seats in Hokkaidō. In all three elections it fielded candidates, it managed to obtain the third largest vote share and one seat.
Party names are abbreviated as follows (format: abbreviation, translated name, Japanese name, Engrish name):
List of Representatives.
"Note: Party affiliations as of election day."

</doc>
<doc id="31122498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122498" title="Grainsby">
Grainsby

Grainsby is a hamlet and civil parish in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England. It is situated south from Grimsby, and just to the west from the A16 road. The nearest village is North Thoresby, to the south-east. 
Grainsby church is dedicated to St Nicholas.

</doc>
<doc id="31122504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122504" title="Here Comes the Sun (film)">
Here Comes the Sun (film)

Here Comes the Sun is a 1946 British comedy film directed by John Baxter and starring Bud Flanagan, Chesney Allen and Elsa Tee. The film follows a sports reporter, on the run from the police, as he tries to clear his name.

</doc>
<doc id="31122511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122511" title="Július Schubert">
Július Schubert

Július Schubert (also known as Schubert Gyula; 12 December 1922 – 4 May 1949) was a Slovak-Hungarian football player. He played twice for the Czechoslovakia national football team and played club football for ŠK Slovan Bratislava and Torino.

</doc>
<doc id="31122551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122551" title="Richard Hopkins (died 1682)">
Richard Hopkins (died 1682)

Sir Richard Hopkins (c1612 - 16 Jul 1682 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1660.
Hopkins was the son of Sampson Hopkins, mayor and MP for Coventry, and his wife Jane. He was called to the bar and became serjeant-at-law. He became steward of Coventry.
In March 1660, Hopkins was elected Member of Parliament for Coventry in the Convention Parliament but the election was declared void on 31 July 1660. However he was returned again at the by-election in August. He was an active supporter of the Restoration and led a deputation from Coventry to London with presents for the King. He was later knighted. However he lost his seat at Coventry in the 1661 election. 
Hopkins married Sarah Button, daughter of John Button of Buckland, Hampshire, and granddaughter of William Jesson who was also MP for Coventry. Their son Richard was later MP for Coventry.

</doc>
<doc id="31122553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122553" title="Telmore">
Telmore

Telmore A/S is the largest Mobile virtual network operator (MVNO) in Denmark.
By the end of 2010, Telmore had a 10.4% mobile market share, totaling more than 700.000 subscribers.
Telmore was created in 2000, and was among the first Discount MVNOs in the world to use the Internet as the primary sales and service channel.
Several studies have been made on the disruptive effects Telmore had on the Danish telecom market in the early 00's.
As of January 27, 2004, Telmore A/S became a subsidiary of TDC A/S.
Telmore is based in Taastrup, Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="31122555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122555" title="Wombats RC">
Wombats RC

Wombats RC is an Austrian rugby club in Wiener Neustadt.
History.
The club was founded in 2003 in the nearby town of Bad Fischau-Brunn by current president, Australian Colin McLachlan. A group of players gathered in the Flying Kangaroo pub and set about forming a club.
From 2007 up to 2010, they teamed up with RC Krems and played as the Niederösterreich XV.

</doc>
<doc id="31122560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122560" title="Shanghai Star (disambiguation)">
Shanghai Star (disambiguation)

The Shanghai Star was a weekly English-language newspaper published in Shanghai, China between 1992 and 2006.
Shanghai Star may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31122579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122579" title="Garrick Collection">
Garrick Collection

The British Library's Garrick Collection is a collection of early printed editions of English drama amassed by the actor and playwright David Garrick. The collection was bequeathed to the British Museum in 1779.
Collection overview.
Little evidence about the provenance of Garrick's collection is found in his archives and correspondence. However, internal evidence from the books themselves suggests that a large proportion of the printed plays came from the collections of Robert and Edward Harley, the 1st and 2nd Earls of Oxford, and the bookseller and writer, Robert Dodsley. Other notable previous owners of items in the Garrick Collection include Humphrey Dyson, Richard Smith (d. 1675), Lewis Theobald, Narcissus Luttrell, Richard Warner, Thomas Astle, and William Cartwright. The latter bequeathed his library to Dulwich College Library and there is some speculation that "Garrick had free access to the library of Dulwich College ... and pillaged without scruple or remorse".
The collection, in its original state, comprised approximately 1300 individual items. However, on its arrival at the Museum it was found that the collection was incomplete, some volumes having been retained by Garrick's family. In addition to this, since becoming the property of the British Museum, some items have been sold in duplicate sales. In total more than 70 items that were originally owned by Garrick are not in his collection as it now exists in the British Library. A manuscript catalogue compiled by Edward Capell, one of Garrick's closest friends, does still survive. Entitled "A catalogue of plays; the collection of David Garrick Esq", its creation was first proposed in 1756, and it formed the basis by which British Museum staff could identify what was missing when the collection came into their possession. The layout of Capell's catalogue is idiosyncratic and difficult to use. In constructing a more up-to-date catalogue George Kahrl writes that "the overall arrangement of the catalogue baffles understanding, and as a working tool it is worthless and frustrating".
The earliest item in the collection, a Wynkyn de Worde printing of "Robert the Devil", dates from around 1517. The latest item is a collected edition of William Wycherley's "Plays" printed in 1735.
The collection, as received by the Museum in April 1780, did not include Garrick's copy of Shakespeare's First Folio, which remained the property of Garrick's wife, Eva Maria. Following her death in 1822 the remainder of Garrick's library, including the Shakespeare volume, was sold at auction. The folio passed through several hands before being bought by Queen's College, Oxford, in the mid-nineteenth century.
Use of the collection during Garrick's lifetime.
David Garrick's collection of old plays was well known during his lifetime and he made it available to friends and acquaintances. Various contemporary works make reference to his library.
In his introduction to the 1760 edition of John Dryden's collected works, Samuel Derrick wrote that "we are particularly obliged to Mr. Garrick, who with great civility gave us the use of his fine collection of old 4to quarto plays."
Isaac Reed, the editor of the 1780 edition of Robert Dodsley's "A select collection of old plays", wrote that "The present volumes were originally compiled from the only collection then known to exist, that which had been formed by the Earls of Oxford. This afterwards came into the possession of the late Mr. Garrick; and, with great additions, hath since been bequeathed by him to the British Museum. The mention of this gentleman's name naturally reminds the Editor, that he should be deficient in point of gratitude, if he omitted to notice the readiness with which he was allowed the free use of whatever Mr. Garrick's library contained for the service of this work."
Collection in the British Museum and Library.
Garrick's collection was transferred to the Museum in 1780 and was said to have been delivered from the actor's home in the Adelphi to the British Museum on a hand cart escorted by three Museum representatives. Since then it can be said to have had a turbulent history.
In 1767 the British Museum had been authorised by an act of Parliament "to exchange, sell, or dispose of, any duplicates of printed books ... laying out the money arising by such sale, in the purchase of other things that may be wanting in, or proper for, the said Museum". The first such sale took place in 1769 and raised £564. The second sale occurred in March 1788 and raised £529. Included in the later sale were approximately 43 items from the Garrick Collection identified as duplicate items and deemed inferior to copies already in the Museum's possession. The checking of copies was, however, not rigorous and the Museum ended up selling unique editions and printings.
In the period 1805-06 the Museum implemented a policy of transferring items from other collections to supplement the now incomplete Garrick Collection. This was in part to allow for a new subject arrangement of the Museum's rooms. Twenty items were removed from the Thomason Collection and at least three from the Sloane Collection. The sources of other transferred items cannot be identified.
In 1840 Anthony Panizzi, the Museum's Keeper of Printed Books, recommended that the Garrick Collection, still largely bound in tract volumes, be broken up and the items bound individually. Although there was opposition to this plan from within and without the Museum, in 1841 the Trustees gave their approval, and by the beginning of 1846 the rebinding programme was completed. During the process of breaking up the tract volumes Museum staff had taken the opportunity to more closely examine the individual printed items with the view to making copies more perfect. Approximately twenty Garrick items were improved in various ways: some by the addition of facsimile leaves, others through the exchange of leaves between duplicates. In some instances leaves were removed from Garrick items to improve plays in the King's Library.
The last recorded disturbance of the Garrick Collection was announced in October 1956. A significant number of leaves stolen from British Museum items were identified as being bound in volumes in Thomas J. Wise's Ashley Library, a collection acquired by the Museum in 1937. Further investigations proved that stolen leaves were also present in the collection that Wise had assisted John Henry Wrenn in amassing (the Wrenn Library is held at the University of Texas's Harry Ransom Center). In total 206 leaves were identified as being stolen, the majority of these from the Garrick Collection. The worst example of theft occurred in the Garrick copy of James Shirley's play of 1640, "The opportunitie", which lost seventeen leaves.
Major studies.
A comprehensive study of the Garrick Collection by George Kahrl and Dorothy Anderson was published in 1982 under the title "The Garrick Collection of old English plays: a catalogue with an historical introduction".

</doc>
<doc id="31122592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122592" title="Ludvig Daae">
Ludvig Daae

Ludvig Daae may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31122595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122595" title="Plank (exercise)">
Plank (exercise)

The plank (also called a front hold, hover, or abdominal bridge) is an isometric core strength exercise that involves maintaining a difficult position for extended periods of time. The most common plank is the front plank which is held in a push-up position with the body's weight borne on forearms, elbows, and toes.
Many variations exist such as the side plank and the reverse plank. The plank is commonly practiced in pilates and yoga, and by those training for boxing and other sports.
The plank strengthens the abdominals, back, and shoulders. Muscles involved in the front plank include:
Muscles involved in the side plank include:
The current world record (according to Guinness World Records) for the plank position is 3 hours, 7 minutes and 15 seconds set in Newport, Kentucky on 20 April 2013 by George Hood. On June 13, 2014 a Danish news paper reported that 51 year old fitness instructor Tom Hoel broke this record in Frederikssund by holding the plank position for 3 hours and 8 minutes.
On June 24, 2014 China Daily USA reported that George Hood maintained his body in the physically demanding plank position for four hours and one minute on June 23,2014 which broke the Guinness World Record for "longest time in an abdominal plank position", smashing his own previous record of three hours and seven minutes set in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="31122600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122600" title="Gare de La Réole">
Gare de La Réole

La Réole is a railway station in La Réole, Aquitaine, France. The station is located on the Bordeaux–Sète railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF.
Train Services.
The following services currently call at La Réole:

</doc>
<doc id="31122603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122603" title="Planking">
Planking

Planking may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31122623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122623" title="Gare de Lamothe-Landerron">
Gare de Lamothe-Landerron

Lamothe-Landerron is a railway station in Lamothe-Landerron, Aquitaine, France. The station is located on the Bordeaux–Sète railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF.
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Lamothe-Landerron:

</doc>
<doc id="31122624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122624" title="Karol Borhy">
Karol Borhy

Karol Borhy (23 June 1912 in Budapest - 9 January 1997 in Lučenec) was a Slovak football coach. He coached FK Inter Bratislava, ŠK Slovan Bratislava and briefly Czechoslovakia national football team.
Borhy also coached Jednota Trenčín for many years in the 1960s and 1970s. He also worked for six years in Kuwait.

</doc>
<doc id="31122641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122641" title="Gare de Sainte-Bazeille">
Gare de Sainte-Bazeille

Sainte-Bazeille is a railway station in Sainte-Bazeille, Aquitaine, France. The station is located on the Bordeaux–Sète railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF.
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Sainte-Bazeille:

</doc>
<doc id="31122653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122653" title="Ben Jacobs">
Ben Jacobs

Ben Jacobs may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31122658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122658" title="The Snake's Skin">
The Snake's Skin

The Snake’s Skin (Das Schlangenhemd) (also referred as "The Snake’s Slough") is a novel by prominent Georgian writer – Grigol Robakidze written and published in Georgian and German languages.
According to Grigol Robakidze’s nephew, Rostom Lominashvili, “During the First World War, Grigol Robakidze was in Iran. It was there that "The Snake’s Skin" took shape”. Grigol Robakidze himself states that the idea for "The Snake’s Skin" was generated in Iran: “The idea of "The Snake’s Skin" came to me in the summer of 1917 in Hamadan…”. In 1926 the novel "The Snake’s Skin" was published for the first time in Georgian, the language in which it was originally written. In 1928 Grigol Robakidze translated it himself into German, and left for Germany thereafter for its German publication, which included an introduction by Stefan Zweig a prominent Austrian writer of the time.
Prominent Georgian and German writers, literary critics and linguists highly appreciate not only literary part of the novel, but also its language phenomenon (Georgian as well as German) and called Grigol Robakidze a genius writer.
In 2005, Georgian author and researcher Tamar Injia claimed to discover that Grigol Robakdize’s "The Snake’s Skin" was extensively plagiarized by Kurban Said in his novel "". Injia’s research findings were first published in a series of articles in the Georgian newspaper "Our Literature" (2003) and later printed as books "Grigol Robakidze… Kurban Said – Literary Robbery" (2005) in Georgian and "Ali and Nino – Literary Robbery!" (2009) in English.
The findings of professor Injia were supported and shared by the representatives from various literary circles, scholars and researchers from Georgia and the US: Gia Papuashvili – documentary movie producer and philologist; Levan Begadze – German linguist, Georgian literary critic and philologist; Zaza Alexidze - former Director of the Georgian National Center of Manuscripts, and discoverer and decipherer of the Caucasian Albanian written script; Betty Blair – researcher of authorship of "Ali and Nino: A Love Story" and founding editor of Azerbaijan International Magazine.
Plot Summary.
The novel "The Snake’s Skin" is about entire universe, where the space is complete and united. The scene takes place at the entire planet: the West and the East; Russia, Europe and finally Robakidze’s motherland – Georgia. Here one may also find an imaginary world of American billionaire living in his villa at Mediterranean Sea along with various prominent artists.
There is only one tense in the "The Snake’s Skin" – present, but it includes past and future as well. The main thing is reality, but myths and legends are part of this reality. The way of thinking is not only particularly human, but at the same time metaphysical and idealistic.
The personages of the novel do not live in the particular time period, or represent persons with concrete nationality. The author describes generalized citizen of the world that gets transformed into a particular person or in other words, returns to his roots (actual father, motherland), oneself, and the God. This is an adventure of Archibald Mekeshi’s soul taking place throughout the centuries.

</doc>
<doc id="31122661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122661" title="East Men's League">
East Men's League

The East Rugby League is a tier 4 amateur rugby league competition structure with sides from the East of England and sometimes the South East of England and East Midlands. It was previously the "East Division" of the Rugby League Conference, which was set up in 1997.
Structure.
The East Rugby League is undergoing a 3-year plan to improve the standard of the game and level of enjoyment for all participants.
The East Premier was set up for the 2013 season with an East Entry League below this for emerging clubs and second teams. 2013 is also the inaugural year for the East Cup. The competition operates for all tier 4 clubs in the East. Tier 2 and 3 clubs may enter a side but games must be played on the same day as their respective first team to ensure that competition is maintained at tier 4 standard.
In 2014, it is planned to add a new division between the Premier and Entry level. This will be the East Division 1 and will consist of clubs who wish to compete on a more structured level but who cannot compete with the standard of the established East Premier. Promotion and relegation will also be trialed in 2014.
History.
The Rugby League Conference was founded in 1997 as the "Southern Conference", a 10-team pilot league for teams in the South of England and the English Midlands. The initial line-up of divisions included an Eastern Division and this has been a feature of the Conference ever since.
The Premier Divisions were set up in 2005 for teams who had achieved a certain playing standard and where able to travel further afield to find stronger opposition.
The Eastern Division became the East Division in 2009.
The RFL restructured amateur rugby league in 2012 and the East Division became the "East Men's League".
Community game pyramid.
The East Merit League is the lowest level on the pyramid for clubs in the East of England. Above this, is the East Men's League; there is no Eastern premier division but sides from the East of England have taken part in both the South and Midlands Premiers. Currently only the South Premier.
Representative Side.
From 2014, the East will have a representative side at the end of each season. The side will be made up of the best players from clubs within the East structure. They are likely to play other representative sides from other regions as well as services such as the Police, Fire brigade, Army etc.

</doc>
<doc id="31122662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122662" title="Mang'anja">
Mang'anja

The Mang'anja are a Bantu people of central and southern Africa, particularly around Chikwawa in the Shire River valley of southern Malawi. They speak a dialect of the Nyanja language, and are a branch of the Amaravi people. As of 1996 their population was estimated at 2,486,070.

</doc>
<doc id="31122689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122689" title="Best Beech Hill">
Best Beech Hill

Best Beech Hill is a small village and civil parish in the Wealden district of East Sussex, England. Its nearest town is Wadhurst, which lies approximately north-east from the village, just off the B2100 road.

</doc>
<doc id="31122711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122711" title="Göltzsch Viaduct">
Göltzsch Viaduct

The Göltzsch Viaduct (German: "Göltzschtalbrücke") is a railway bridge in Germany. It is the largest brick-built bridge in the world, and for a time it was the tallest railway bridge in the world. It spans the valley of the Göltzsch River between Mylau and Netzschkau, around west of Reichenbach im Vogtland in the German Free State of Saxony. It was built between 1846 and 1851 as part of the railway between Saxony (Leipzig, Zwickau, and Plauen) and Bavaria (Hof and Nuremberg). It is currently part of the Leipzig–Hof line, near the Netzschkau station. About south, the smaller Elster Viaduct was built for the same line and is quite similar to the Göltzsch Viaduct.
"Göltzsch Viaduct" is also the name of a much smaller viaduct built in 1938 where Bundesautobahn 72 crosses the Göltzsch River. It sits about 10 km (6 mi) due southeast near the village of Weissensand.
"Göltzsch Viaduct" (previously Mylau Central Station) was also the name of a terminus opened in 1895 on the Reichenbach–Göltzsch Viaduct railway in the Göltzsch valley below the railway bridge. From here, trains departed to the central station of Reichenbach im Vogtland and to Lengenfeld.
History and construction.
One of the greatest challenges in constructing a railway between Saxony and Bavaria was how to bridge the Göltzsch valley. Hoping to find a financially feasible construction plan, the Saxon-Bavarian Railway Company announced a contest on 27 January 1845 in all major German magazines with prize money of 1000 Thalers. However, none of the 81 submissions could prove by means of structural analysis that it would be able to withstand the stresses of rail traffic on the bridge. The prize money was eventually divided among four contestants, but none of their designs were actually realized.
The chairman of the jury, professor Johann Andreas Schubert subsequently designed a bridge himself, making use of his recently attained knowledge of structural analysis, and letting himself be inspired by the submitted designs and the viaduct in Leubnitz (Werdau), which was finished in the summer of 1845, making it the first bridge in the world to be subjected to a full structural analysis. It was planned to build the bridge mainly out of bricks, at the time a highly unusual choice, because of the abundance of loam in the vicinity, which allowed for rapid and cost-efficient production of bricks. Granite was to be used only for certain crucial segments.
The first stone was laid on 31 May 1846. The plans were revised just once after construction began, when certain technical difficulties arose. For instance, the foundation on which the bridge was to be built turned out to be less firm than previously assumed. Chief engineer Robert Wilke solved this by replacing the arches in the middle with one great central arch, which only added to the impressiveness of this edifice.
The Göltzsch Viaduct was an extraordinarily large endeavor for its time. Each day, the nearly 20 brickyards along the railway line would produce 50,000 bricks with the unusual dimensions of . The scaffolding was custom-made for each arch, totalling 23,000 tree trunks, although other sources even speak of 230,000 trunks. In total, 1,736 construction workers built the bridge, with 31 on-site fatalities. When the bridge was completed and inaugurated on 15 July 1851, it was world's tallest railway bridge. Today, it still holds the record for largest brick bridge in the world.
Recent history.
A museum in the nearby Mylau Castle opened in 1883 that has dedicated a room to the Göltzsch Viaduct, that among others includes a scale model of the scaffolding, copies of the original building plans, a three-dimensional height map of the region, and photographs and paintings made during the bridge's construction.
In 1930, a top layer of reinforced concrete with a parapet allowed the railway track to become wider.
During the later days of World War II, the Wehrmacht intended to blow up the bridge with explosives. This plan was eventually not executed.
Between 1955 and 1958, the masonry was completely restored. It would take until 1977 for all work, including smaller jobs such as the placement of steel cover plates, to be completed.
The Göltzsch Viaduct is part of the so-called Saxon-Franconian trunk line ("Sachsen-Franken-Magistrale"), which was restored from 1997 through to 2000. This allows tilting trains to use this trajectory, which can reach speeds of up to even on curved tracks.
Around the bridge, many walking paths allow a good impression of the actual magnitude of this masterpiece of engineering. It is also possible to see the bridge and its surroundings from an altitude of with a helium balloon situated near the bridge.
Besides famous, the bridge is also infamous for its reputation as a suicide bridge, as many have taken their lives by plunging themselves off the bridge over the past 150 years. In August 2001, three teenagers from Reichenbach im Vogtland jumped off. The 2002 documentary film "Ein Tag mit Folgen: Teuflische Spiele" (A Day with Consequences: Diabolical Games) pictures the lives of the families and friends that stayed behind, and their attempts to get to terms with the events. After 8 suicides in just 8 months in 2002, the Federal Police increased supervision.
Between 2006 and 2008, Deutsche Bahn invested 2.2 million Euro in a new elevator system for maintenance work on the bridge.
In June 2009, the German engineers' guild declared the Göltzsch Viaduct along with the Fernsehturm Stuttgart as historical milestone of engineering. This title was previously awarded in 2007 to the Niederfinow boat lift.
From mid-2010 to early 2012, only one track could be used at one time for rail transport, due to the electrification of the track between Reichenbach im Vogtland and Hof. The top of the bridge was replaced by reinforced concrete, which supports the 22 masts that carry the overhead lines.

</doc>
<doc id="31122716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122716" title="Yardsellr">
Yardsellr

Yardsellr was a San Francisco, California-based venture-backed (by Harrison Metal Capital and Accel Partners) person-to-person online marketplace founded by former eBay executives in October 2009. It was shut down on Feb 4 2013 to concentrate more on Ecommerce at the short-lived Social commerce site CompoundM.
History.
Yardsellr launched in January 2010. In November 2010, 1.3 million people were following Yardsellr blocks and by late December 2010, that number had grown to 1.5 million people and was growing by 20,000 followers daily. About 100,000 followers actively comment on the items in the Yardsellr feed, and thousands of transactions have occurred. In November 2010, Yardsellr raised $5 million in series A round financing, led by Accel Partners. Harrison Metal Capital, which previously put up $750,000 in seed funding, also participated.
Website.
The web property, often called "an eBay for Facebook" utilizes Facebook communities in the United States to connect sellers to buyers based on shared interests. Sellers list items at fixed prices in specific categories, or “Blocks”. Prospective buyers visit the Yardsellr website or Facebook page and “Like” the categories of items they're interested in. When a seller has something to offer in the chosen category, it shows up in the buyer's Facebook News Feed. Among the most active blocks are jewelry, guitars, quilting, scrapbooking, knitting, Star Trek and Star Wars collectibles. Instead of charging sellers fees to list items, as eBay does, Yardsellr charges buyers fees of around ten percent on their completed purchases. Buyers can use PayPal or pay through Yardsellr. In the latter case, the seller will receive a check mailed from Yardsellr.
A feature that also makes Yardsellr different from eBay is the ability for users to make purchases with Photons. According to the Yardsellr Blog, Photons are like money; 100,000 Photons equals $1 that can be used towards any Yardsellr purchase. Individuals can win Photons, up to 1,000,000 a day, by looking for "$" signs, on what Yardsellr calls a "treasure hunt". Users can also gift photons to each other. When a purchase is made using Photons, the seller will still be paid the full price of the item. Photons deplete over time, so a user that does not use them fast will slowly lose them.
They offer a gift, or offset slice feature that costs $1 for a seller to give. 1 gift however can be valued at $.75, $1, $5, or even the big $50.

</doc>
<doc id="31122723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122723" title="Vital Sines">
Vital Sines

Vital Sines was a Toronto post-punk/new wave band active between 1980 and 1988. They are best known for their hit single, "Collage", which was recently listed as one of the most influential Canadian alternative rock songs.
History.
The band got their start in punk rock venues in Toronto playing under the name 'The Offenders'. When Scott Taylor, the original drummer left the band they changed the name to Vital Sines, releasing their first indie single, "Subway Suicide" in 1981. Following this they often played under the cover name "Tryfono & The Heat Resistant Sheep" as openers for better known acts.
When the second drummer, Chris Weekes, left the band, and was replaced by Mike Clarke they re-invented their sound. In 1982 they released a seven-track cassette album, "Rhythms In Dark". This was moderately successful in the Toronto scene, and convinced the band to invest in a vinyl release of new material.
Their work appeared in 1984 as the four-track "Collage" 12-inch EP. Losing their punk sounds, the new album combined the atmospheric guitar backing like those of Brian Eno or Killing Joke with the pretentious lyrics and deep vocals of Simple Minds and Gang of Four. The eponymous single "Collage" gained wide airplay on CFNY-FM, and the indie release quickly sold out.
David Ross, who helped record the EP, took a job with Midnight Records in the UK. Midnight picked up an option on "Collage", leading to a re-release in 1985 along with a music video. The re-release sold tens of thousands of copies in Toronto record shops, with continued sales well into 1985. CFNY nominated both the song and video for U-Know awards.
The success of the Collage EP and its video led to jobs as opening acts for Shriekback, Hunters & Collectors, Siouxsie and the Banshees, and Love and Rockets.
The Band started recording follow up at their home studio "Rhythms in Darkness". These Demo tapes with the same line up as the Collage EP were not widely released. It included songs later rerecorded for "Big Dark Dreams". 
Follow-up work started in 1985 at Daniel Lanois' Grant Avenue Studio in Hamilton, Ontario, and Comfort Sound in Toronto. The band sold off most of their home studio to finance these recordings. Guitarist Gord Wilson, left the band early in the recordings, and was replaced by Kurt Swinghammer. The late 1986 six-song EP "Big Dark Dreams" was picked up by punk label Fringe Product, and produced another CFNY hit single, "Break These Chains", leading to a video released in 1987. This led to Fringe Product releasing yet another sold-out run of "Collage".
This led to college tours in the eastern US, but in May 1987 the midst of their popularity, Swinghammer and drummer Glenn Milchem left the band; Milchem joining Andrew Cash and then Blue Rodeo. The surviving original members, Rick Winkle, Terry Michaelson and James Grey continued touring with new band members, Gary Alexander and Tony Klinakis, but the band split up following the US tour in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="31122733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122733" title="Ernest Cook Trust">
Ernest Cook Trust

The Ernest Cook Trust is a large educational charity in England. It was founded in 1952 by the philanthropist Ernest Cook, the grandson of Thomas Cook. Each year the Trustees distribute more than £1.25m in educational grants to benefit children and young people.
Rooted in the conservation and management of the countryside, the Trust also actively encourages children and young people to learn from the land through hands-on educational opportunities on its estates and by offering grants.
The Trust currently owns and manages of landed estates across five counties in southern England.
The trust owns of land and is responsible for the following estates:
The Trust was also instrumental in the development of the Fairford Leys housing estate on land it owned in Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire.

</doc>
<doc id="31122736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122736" title="Coutaric acid">
Coutaric acid

Coutaric acid is an hydroxycinnamoyltartaric acid found in wine, pomace and grape. It is an ester formed from coumaric acid and tartaric acid.

</doc>
<doc id="31122745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122745" title="Pa Pong">
Pa Pong

Pa Pong may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31122752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122752" title="FC Tempo Prague">
FC Tempo Prague

FC Tempo Prague is a football club located in Prague-Lhotka, Czech Republic. It currently plays in the sixth level of the Czech football system after having been relegated from the Prague Championship in 2013. The club took part in the 2013–14 Czech Cup and won their game in the preliminary round to qualify for the first round proper of the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="31122767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122767" title="Blackham">
Blackham

Blackham is a village in the Wealden district of East Sussex. It lies within the Withyham civil parish. Its nearest town is Royal Tunbridge Wells, which lies approximately east from the village. The village is situated on the East Sussex-Kent border.

</doc>
<doc id="31122769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122769" title="Gare de Marmande">
Gare de Marmande

Marmande is a railway station in Marmande, Aquitaine, France. The station is located on the Bordeaux–Sète railway and Marmande-Mont-de-Marsan railway lines. The station is served by Intercités (long distance, also night train) and TER (local) services operated by SNCF. The Mont-de-Marsan line only runs up to Casteljaloux; the section beyond Casteljaloux has been demolished.
Train services.
The following services currently call at Marmande:

</doc>
<doc id="31122776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122776" title="Ming-Ming Zhou">
Ming-Ming Zhou

Ming-Ming Zhou, Ph.D., is an internationally recognized expert in structural and chemical biology, NMR spectroscopy of protein structure-function and rational small-molecule design. He is currently the Dr. Harold and Golden Lamport Professor and Chairman of the Department of Structural and Chemical Biology and Co-Director of the Experimental Therapeutics Institute at the Mount Sinai School of Medicine at the Mount Sinai Medical Center in New York City as well as Professor Oncological Sciences and Pharmacology and Systems Therapeutics and Director of Mount Sinai's Translational Chemical Biology Center.
Zhou has published more than 110 peer-reviewed research articles and has received multiple grants from federal, state and private research foundations including the National Institutes of Health, the National Science Foundation, the New York State Stem Cell Science (NYSTEM), the Institute for the Study of Aging, the American Foundation for AIDS Research, the American Cancer Society, GlaxoSmithKline, the Michael J. Fox Foundation, and the Wellcome Trust. He serves on the editorial boards of ACS Medicinal Chemistry Letters, the Journal of Molecular Cell Biology and Cancer Research. He has been awarded 5 patents.
Biography.
Zhou earned his B.S. in Chemical Engineering from the East China University of Science and Technology (Shanghai, PRC) in 1984. He earned his M.S. in Chemistry from the Michigan Technological University in 1988 and a Ph.D. in Chemistry from Purdue University in Indiana in 1993. He completed his postdoctoral fellowship at Abbott Laboratories in Chicago, Illinois, then joined the Mount Sinai Medical Center in 1997.
Zhou’s research is directed at understanding the fundamental molecular mechanisms that govern cellular signal transduction and epigenetic control of gene transcription in human biology of health and disease by using combined structural/chemical biology and molecular/cell biology approaches. His research contributions include the discovery of the bromodomain as the acetyl-lysine binding domain in epigenetic gene regulation, the tandem PHD finger of DPF3b as a first alternative to the bromodomain for acetyl-lysine binding, and the PAZ domain as the RNA binding domain in RNAi. His recent work also addresses the role of histone lysine methylation (Nature Cell Biol. 2008) as well as long non-coding RNA in epigenetic control of gene transcription in human stem cell maintenance and differentiation.
Zhou's work in rational design of chemical probes for mechanism-driven research led to the discovery of the HIV Tat/human co-activator PCAF interaction as a potential novel anti-HIV therapy target. His group has also developed chemical probes that modulate the transcriptional activity of human tumor suppressor p53 under stress conditions. His recent work includes the development of a novel gene transcriptional silencing technology.
The current focuses of his laboratory include the roles of the Trithorax protein complexes and the Polycomb repressive complexes in gene activation and silencing in human biology of health and disease such as stem cell self-renewal and lineage commitment, cancer and inflammation. Additional research interests include the structure and mechanisms of epigenetic gene regulation and chromatin biology, structure-based small molecule design, mechanism-based disease biology and drug discovery in HIV/AIDS, human cancer, leukemia and inflammation, neurodegenerative disorders including multiple sclerosis, Parkinson’s and Alzheimer's disease.
Current and past society memberships include The Harvey Society, the Biophysical Society, the American Chemical Society, the American Society for Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, the American Association for the Advancement of Science and the New York Academy of Sciences. He serves on multiple editorial boards and reviews grants for the American Cancer Society, the American Heart Association, the National Institutes of Health and the National Science Foundation.
Publications.
Partial list:

</doc>
<doc id="31122780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122780" title="The Skunks (ska band)">
The Skunks (ska band)

The Skunks were a third wave ska band formed in 1988 by a group of high school friends from suburban Maryland. They recorded three albums, performed extensively in the Washington, DC/Baltimore, Maryland area, and toured the United States.
History.
In August 1988, Matt Earl and James McDonald, who had been members of Boy Scout Troop 214 in University Park, Maryland, encountered Joe Hottel and Erick Morgan at a skateboarding hangout in Riverdale Park, Maryland.
Founding.
From this association, came the idea of starting The Skunks. Soon, the newly formed band, augmented by Anthony Foronda, Jake Hughes and Brent Washburn, began to play at events and parties in suburban Maryland. In December 1988, the Skunks performed their first paid show at DC Space in Washington. This was followed, in April 1989, by a show on the University of Maryland campus in College Park, Maryland, and in September, by a performance at the . These were the first of their many appearances at these venues.
Soon, the increasing popularity of the Skunks led them to recruit Tony Albano, Andy Hayleck, Reggie Romain, Dave Rudolph, Dave Smallwood and Scott Treude. To enhance their appeal to commercial venues, the Skunks created a cassette, which was copyrighted on September 29, 1990, but never released. However, James Joyce, an archivist of underground music, singled out this tape as one of his "most prized recordings".
"Chaos In Skaville".
The demo tape was followed by a cassette, "Chaos in Skaville". It was copyrighted on May 5, 1991, and released by PU Records, which was a company created by the Skunks. It also released a 7 inch vinyl single, "Piñata", in 1992. After these releases, the band's schedule became more active, with many shows in local venues and occasional performances on the road. In 1992, during an appearance at Hennessey's bar in Georgetown, the Skunks invited The Pietasters to perform with them. This was the first of many occasions when the two bands played together. They also shared a record label.
Moon Ska Records.
Even before "Chaos in Skaville", the Skunks had attracted the attention of Robert "Bucket" Hingley, who was recruiting for his label Moon Ska Records. To confirm his interest, Hingley invited them to go on tour with his band The Toasters. During the summer of 1992, The Skunks performed with Hingley's band, as well as several other ska acts, at the Masquerade in Atlanta, Georgia, Augusta, Georgia, Wilmington, North Carolina, Madison, Wisconsin, Milwaukee, Wisconsin, and Chicago, Illinois. The tour culminated, on February 27, 1993, with Moon Ska's "Skalapalooza" at the The Ritz in New York City, where The Skunks appeared with The Toasters, Bad Manners, The Skatalites, The Scofflaws, and Ruder Than You. After the tour, the Skunks signed with Moon Ska and shortly thereafter, "Chaos in Skaville" appeared in Moon's catalog, where it was listed as MR034.
"Mixed Nuts".
During 1993, the Skunks, joined by new members George Beronio, Tim Karns and Mike Kim, continued to perform at home and on tour. In April, they participated, with The Pietasters, in the SkaOiAndPunk festival at the Masquerade. That summer, during their "Nuts on the Beach" tour, they performed at Dick's Clam and Cow in Virginia Beach, Virginia, as well as at several other locations in the Tidewater region of Virginia.
During breaks, the Skunks recorded tracks for a new album, "Mixed Nuts". When it was almost ready, Joe Hottel decided to move to Atlanta. Consequently, on the final version, he was replaced by new vocalist, Steve Orders. However, lyrics on all tracks but one were written by Hottel.
At the Black Cat, the release of "Mixed Nuts" was celebrated on August 18, 1994, and in June 1995, it appeared in the Moon Ska catalog as MR040. Even before Moon's official release of "Mixed Nuts", one of its tracks, "Big Haired Girls", appeared in the compilation "Skarmageddon" (Moon Ska 1994). Two more tracks are included in compilations: "Odd Couple" is on "Cover to Cover " (Bob Media 1996), and "YMCA" is on "Skandalous: I've Gotcha Covered, Vol. 2" (Shanachie Records 1997).
In 1994 and 1995, The Skunks continued to perform and tour. During a nationwide tour to California and back, they performed with Mustard Plug in Lawrence, Kansas, and St. Louis, Missouri.
"No Apologies".
In 1995, after "Mixed Nuts" was released, James McDonald left The Skunks to found a new band, Eastern Standard Time. As the Skunks began work on another album, Larry Schugam took over drums, Dave Reinstein replaced Dave Rudolph on trombone, and Rico Renzi took bass. During the summer of 1996, in anticipation of the new release, the Skunks toured Quebec and five U.S. states. This tour ended in New York City, where they appeared with Spring Heeled Jack. On August 24, 1996, the album "No Apologies" was released as Moon Ska MR079. One of its tracks, "Dubz 57 Sauce", was included on the Moon Ska produced soundtrack to the 1997 independent film, "Bang".
With three albums to their credit, the Skunks became very busy. One example of their activity in 1996 was a Halloween show at the Capitol Ballroom, with the Pietasters and Spring Heeled Jack. This hectic pace continued into 1997, but during the summer of that year, the band broke up. In his review of "No Apologies", Brian Ellis expressed his appreciation of The Skunks.
Where are they now?
As they got older and the band wound down, several members moved on to other bands. Erick Morgan, Dave Reinstein, Ely Rodriguez and Matt Simms joined Eastern Standard Time. Later, Morgan moved on to Lickity Split and then to the Pietasters. Similarly, before joining The Toasters, Tim Karns played with the Checkered Cabs.
Joe Hottell lives in the Atlanta suburb Decatur, Georgia, where he performs occasionally and plays soccer with the Oakhurst Rovers.
Steve Orders taught English at Earle B. Wood Middle School and Thomas Sprigg Wootton High School in Rockville, Maryland.
Scott Treude has played with several bands, including Fireworks Go Up!, while pursuing parallel careers as an environmental physicist and web programmer.
Dave Rudolph, Mike Kim and Ely Rodriguez now live in California.
Matt Earl, who left The Skunks to go to graduate school, is Associate Professor in the Department of Radiation Oncology at the University of Maryland, Baltimore, where he is director of the dosimetry training program. He works in the Tate Cancer Center at Baltimore Washington Medical Center.
Andy Hayleck has created "sound films", and other experimental music, which he has performed with the group Trockeneis. He serves on the faculty of Maryland Institute College of Art in Baltimore.

</doc>
<doc id="31122790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122790" title="Adobe Wallaby">
Adobe Wallaby

Adobe Wallaby is an application that turns FLA files into HTML5. On March 8, 2011, Adobe Systems released the first version of an experimental Flash (FLA files) to HTML5 converter, code named "Wallaby". It is free of charge and anyone can download it from the Adobe Flash Professional page. It was shipped now and you must download the Adobe Flash Professional Toolkit for CreateJS.
Support.
Adobe Wallaby supports almost half of all the functions in Adobe Flash, such as, Gradients, Buttons, and Scenes. However, there are also some functions that it does not support, for example, ActionScript 1-3, and 3D transforms.
System Requirements.
Macintosh
Windows
Source: Adobe Wallaby on Adobe Labs

</doc>
<doc id="31122799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122799" title="Peter Sermanni">
Peter Sermanni

Peter Hugh Sermanni (born 9 July 1971) is a Scottish former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.
Career.
After playing youth football for Celtic Boys Club and Liverpool, Sermanni made his professional senior debut during the 1990-91 season with Clydebank, and later played for Queen of the South, making a total of 92 appearances in the Scottish Football League for both teams. Sermanni later played in Australia for Eastern Suburbs, Blacktown City and Sutherland.

</doc>
<doc id="31122802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122802" title="Ban Kat">
Ban Kat

Ban Kat may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31122816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122816" title="John Burton (antiquary)">
John Burton (antiquary)

John Burton, M.D. (1710 – 1771) was an English physician and antiquary.
Early life.
Burton was born at Colchester in 1710, and was educated at Merchant Taylors' School, London (1725–6), and at St John's College, Cambridge, where he was admitted in 1727 and graduated M.B. in 1733. In 1734 he was practising medicine at Heath, on the outskirts of Wakefield. He was a good Greek and Latin scholar, and attained no little eminence in his profession both in the city and county of York. Already displaying the strong support for the Tory party that he maintained throughout his life, Burton was vigorous on his party's behalf during the bitterly contested county election of 1734. His activities badly affected the success of the Whig interest in York, personified in the prominent local clergyman, the Rev. Dr Jaques Sterne. This sowed the seeds of the animosity between the two men that was to bedevil Burton for some years to come. On 2 January 1735, in York Minster, Burton married Mary (c.1715–1771), only child of Samuel Henson (d. 1716) and his wife, Mary (d. 1743); their only son, John, became an army officer. It was probably his wife's income that enabled Burton to continue his medical studies, under Herman Boerhaave at Leiden University, where he became acquainted with Heinrich van Deventer's teachings on midwifery; he was awarded MD from Reims. His first medical articles were published by the Edinburgh Philosophical Society in 1734 and 1736, and his Treatise of the Non-Naturals was printed at York in 1738. By then he had established his practice as physician and man-midwife in York, and he was a prime mover in establishing in 1740 the York County Hospital, where he was honorary physician until 1746.
The Sterne Affair.
Burton actively campaigned for the Tory interest in the elections of 1741, further incurring the hostility of Sterne, now Precentor of York Minster, and his nephew and political assistant, Laurence Sterne.
Burton's position was financially improved in 1743, when he inherited substantial estates on the deaths of his father and mother-in-law. Two years later he suffered a setback from which his reputation and his pocket never fully recovered. The occasion was the Jacobite rising of 1745. Burton travelled late in November to Lancashire, where Charles Edward Stuart's forces were marching south after their capture of Carlisle. His motives were unclear but his absence from York at this critical time strengthened the suspicion, fuelled by his Whig enemies, that he was going over to the Young Pretender. Burton was arrested on his return to York, and committed to York Castle on 30 November on a charge of treason. After three months' imprisonment he was summoned to London to be examined before the privy council, who finally released him on bail after examination in March 1747. He was tried at York assizes in July, but on account of the Act of Indemnity passed in June his prosecution was abandoned and he was discharged. He had been declared bankrupt and his furniture and books sold, leaving him with his wife's modest fortune.
Recovery of Reputation.
Burton's political rehabilitation was marked by his appointment as commissioner for the land tax in 1750, 1765, and 1766, and by the offer in 1754 of the freedom of the city of York (which he did not accept). This is in spite of the fact that he was visited by two of his fellow prisoners from London, Flora Macdonald and Captain Malcolm McLeod, in 1747, 1748, and 1749. In 1749 he published two pamphlets to justify his conduct and proclaim his innocence. His medical practice took longer to resurrect. In 1751 he published "An Essay towards a Complete System of Midwifery", in which the engraved plates are the earliest published work of George Stubbs. Burton's text shows signs of hasty composition which were perhaps partly due to his attempt to recover his damaged professional status but were principally due to his wish to forestall a book being written by the eminent London man-midwife, William Smellie, which was sure to publicize Smellie's improved obstetrical forceps. Smellie's "Treatise on the Theory and Practice of Midwifery" (1751) received warm praise from the Monthly Review, whereas Burton's "Essay" had been given a long, but cool review. Burton reacted by publishing "A letter to William Smellie, M.D.", containing critical and practical remarks upon his "Treatise on Midwifery" (1753). Smellie did not respond but a former pupil of his, Giles Watts, published a successful defence against Burton's criticisms in 1755. Burton's reputation does not seem to have suffered, and his own improved forceps remained in use for many years.
End of Life and Death.
Burton died in the parish of Holy Trinity, Micklegate, York, on 19 January 1771, and Mary Burton died on 28 October following. At his death he was living in or near Micklegate in York; he was buried at Holy Trinity Church, Micklegate, on 21 January. Burton is commonly supposed to have resembled Laurence Sterne's satirical description of him the novel Tristram Shandy as the character Dr Slop: "a little, squat, uncourtly figure...of about four feet and a half perpendicular height, with a breadth of back, and a sesquipedality of belly". However, a sworn testimony of 1746 describes him as "a tall Well sett Gentleman". ().
Printed Works.
His printed works are: 1. 'Essay on Midwifery,' 1761 and 1763. 2. 'Monasticon Eboracense,' vol. i. 1768 (the copy in the King's Library, British Museum, has the first eight pages of the intended second volume, entitled 'The Appendix, containing Charters, Grants, and other Original Writings referred to in the preceding volume, never published before,' York, N. Nickson, 1769). 3. Two Tracts on Yorkshire Antiquities in the Archæologia,' 1768-1771.

</doc>
<doc id="31122829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122829" title="Bodle Street Green">
Bodle Street Green

Bodle Street Green is a small village and civil parish in the Wealden district of East Sussex, England. Its nearest town is Hailsham, which lies approximately south-west from the village.

</doc>
<doc id="31122834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122834" title="Voltolino Fontani">
Voltolino Fontani

Voltolino Fontani (Livorno, Italia 1920-1976) was an Italian painter. He was an artist who contributed to introduce the espression Atomic age in the European culture. He was the founder of Eaismo, an artistic movement linking arts to Atomic age. 
In 1948 he published “Manifesto of Eaismo”, anticipating the Manifesto of Arte nucleare by Enrico Baj (1951), and Salvador Dalì (Manifesto mistico, 1951).

</doc>
<doc id="31122846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122846" title="Hjordkær">
Hjordkær

Hjordkær is a village in Hjordkær parish, Aabenraa Municipality, Region of Southern Denmark in Denmark with a population of 1,654 (1 January 2014).

</doc>
<doc id="31122848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122848" title="Jeremy Shinewald">
Jeremy Shinewald

Jeremy Shinewald founded the MBA Admissions Consulting firm mbaMission in 1999. The firm helps applicants gain admission to Masters of Business Administration programs. Applicants come from the United States and more than 30 other countries on six continents.
Speechwriter.
Before founding mbaMission, Jeremy was the sole speechwriter for Israel's Ambassador to the United States. His speeches were published in the "Washington Post", "Washington Times" and other media outlets.
mbaMission.
Jeremy earned his MBA from the University of Virginia's Darden Graduate School of Business Administration in 2003. While at Darden, Jeremy was an admissions interviewer, wrote a Business Ethics case and a Small Business Acquisitions case and was chosen by his peers as Graduation Speaker.
He is a former member of the Board of Directors of the Association of International Graduate Admissions Consultants (AIGAC) and was co-chair of the 2009 AIGAC Conference at Columbia Business School.
Jeremy is a sought-after speaker on MBA and Executive MBA admissions.
He regularly presents seminars for ManhattanGMAT and Kaplan, Inc. and ran workshops at Goldman Sachs and Cisco Systems. Jeremy was featured as an expert in the business school application process in publications such as "Canadian Business", "Crain's New York Business" "BusinessWeek" and "U.S. News & World Report". In addition, Jeremy is a guest blogger on Kaplan's GMAT Blog and Vault's Education Blog.
Jeremy authored the book "The Complete Start-to-Finish MBA Admissions Guide", published in 2010.
jdMission.
In February 2011, Jeremy helped launch jdMission, a professional law school admissions consulting firm, where he leads a team to help law school aspirants grab the attention of admissions officers at elite law schools.

</doc>
<doc id="31122861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122861" title="George P. Smith II">
George P. Smith II

George P. Smith, II, is an internationally recognized scholar and lecturer and a Professor of Law at The Catholic University of America's Columbus School of Law. The 1996 graduating class of the Columbus Law School selected Professor Smith as the Class Marshall – This, in recognition of the high regard he was held by them. Since 1977, he has taught Property Law, Land Use, Environmental Law, Bioethics, and Health Law at Catholic University. His pathbreaking scholarship in 1968 on artificial insemination and the law established him as an early insightful frontiersman in the then-emerging field of Bioethics or Law, Science and Medicine.
Education and career.
Born on September 1, 1939, in Wabash,Indiana, of pioneer stock, Smith's father and uncle were prominent practicing attorneys in Wabash.
Smith received his elementary education at the St. Bernard School in Wabash and graduated from Wabash High School in 1957, where he was a member of the National Honor Society. He received his B.S. degree in Business – Economics and Public Policy from Indiana University-Bloomington in 1961 and was awarded a Doctor of Jurisprudence degree, as well, from the University in 1964, and was a member of the Indiana Law Review. He went on to receive a Certificate from The Hague Academie de Droit International for his studies at the Peace Palace in The Netherlands during the summer of 1965. In 1975, Smith was awarded an LL.M. degree in law from Columbia University where he held a University Fellowship during his residency.
Indiana University conferred its Silver Medallion upon Smith in 1985 as a Distinguished Service Alumnus, and in 1998 an LL. D. degree, "honoris causa", was conferred upon him. In 1998, a Distinguished Professorship-Charity was established in Smith’s honor at the Indiana University Maurer School of Law in Bloomington. The School of Law, again, in 2007, honored Smith by inducting him into the Indiana Academy of Law Fellows –this, in recognition of his professional contributions to the legal profession. In 2008, a Fellowship in the LL.M. program was created in his honor by the Law School.
Professional contributions.
Over the years, Smith's early reputation as a thoughtful scholar and lecturer has been fortified by his insightful global lectures, national and international academic appointments, his public service and teaching experiences, and his scholarship which has—in turn—both informed and guided contemporary debates on the parameters and perimeters of what has been termed the “New Biology.” He has been recognized widely for these achievements. In 1984, Smith was awarded a prestigious Australian-American Award and served as the Fulbright Visiting Professor of Law and Medical Jurisprudence at the Faculty of Law at the University of New South Wales in Sydney, Australia. Under the title of “1984: A Brave or a Confused New World?”, several Fulbright Lectures were delivered throughout the Australian Continent by Smith during his Fulbright residency.
Since that initial visit to Australia, Smith has returned regularly to hold academic and research appointments at that law faculties at The Australian National University, Macquarie, Monash, Queensland, Sydney and New South Wales as well as at Auckland and Dunedin, New Zealand.
Scholarship.
Smith received the Gitzler Prize for his original scholarship entitled, “Biological Determinism and Genetic Discrimination” at the Tenth World Congress on Medical Law in Jerusalem, Israel in August, 1994.
Judge Richard A. Posner, a member of the United States Court of Appeals for The Seventh Circuit and Lecturer in Law at the University of Chicago Law School, acknowledged Smith as "one of the world’s leading experts on the legal and ethical issues raised by modern medicine" and observed that "he writes with insight and authority, and offers a perspective that will influence policy debates". Dr. Edmund D. Pellegrino, John Carroll Professor Emeritus of Medicine and Medical Ethics, Georgetown University and former Chairman of the President’s Council on Bioethics, recognized Smith as "an internationally acclaimed scholar and pioneer in cultivating the interdisciplinary study of questions in which law, medical ethics and bioethics intersect." In inaugurating the George P. Smith, II, Distinguished Professorship-Chair of Law at Indiana University in January, 2000, Justice Michael D. Kirby of the High Court of Australia, paid tribute to Smith's "awesome" level of transnational scholarship in Bioethics and his "indefatigable spirit and sense of total commitment as a questioning, inquisitive mind" and proceeded to herald Smith as a "prescient prophet of the New Biology." Later in 2009, Justice Kirby hailed Smith's "commitment to universalism" and "his voracious appetite for wisdom in the exploration of legal and bioethical question... beyond the United States."
Early in his career, in 1985, the Institute for Advanced Study at Indiana University in Bloomington presented Smith with a Citation of Honor for his pathbreaking interdisciplinary research and writing on medial and biological issues as they relate to the norms of law and ethics.
On the twenty-fifth anniversary of his career in legal education in 1989, U.S. Congressman John T. Myers paid tribute to Smith's years of distinguished service to the legal profession. As well, the editors of the Journal of Contemporary Health Law and Policy published his bibliography of scholarship in Law, Science and Medicine.
In 1988, at the Cathedral of St. John the Divine in New York City, Smith was recognized for his professional contributions to Law and Medical Science by induction to the Most Venerable Order of the Hospital of St. John of Jerusalem. Similar recognition was given to Smith 1974 by his election to membership in The Cosmos Club in Washington, D.C. Smith is also a life member of the prestigious American Law Institute.
Personal life.
Smith lives in Washington, D.C., in Georgetown and is unmarried. An avid reader, bibliophile and socially prominent supporter of the Arts, Smith has acknowledged friends and teachers who have had a positive influence in his life by establishing book collections to honor them. To that end, collections honoring Professor Sir David and Lady Williams and Professor Sir Derek Bowett at the University of Cambridge Squire Law Library have been formed. As well, a collection honoring the memories of Dr. W. Taylor Reveley, II, President Emeritus of Hampden-Sydney College, Virginia, and his wife Marie Eason Reveley, has been established at the Bortz Library at the College. The Wabash Carnegie Public Library in Indiana houses collections honoring three teachers form Wabash High School who had a transformative influence of Smith: Martha Biggerstaff Jones, Ruth A. Jones, and Mildred E. Hipskind. Additionally, Smith played a prominent role in establishing an endowed professorship at the Maurer School of Law at Indiana University – Bloomington, honoring the late Professor Harry Pratter.

</doc>
<doc id="31122863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122863" title="Aleksandar Bjelogrlic">
Aleksandar Bjelogrlic

Aleksandar Bjelogrlic is a Serbian novelist, short story writer, essayist and translator, distinguished for his evocative, sometimes plain prose style and almost exclusive reliance to contemporary settings mixed with mystery and fantasy motifs. Born in Zrenjanin, Vojvodina, on February 8, 1967, he studied Comparative literature at the University of Belgrade Faculty of Philology. "Igra gluvih telefona" ("Dead telephones game") was his first published story that came out in 1991 on the pages of "Letopis matice srpske", one of the most prominent Serbian literary magazines. The story was later slightly adapted and renamed as "Anonymous" in the short-story collection of the same title published in 2005.
Besides this, Bjelogrlic’s bibliography includes short story collections "Kraken" (1995), "Temeljna opcija" ("Basic Option", 2007) and "Citadela" ("Citadel", 2012), as well as a critically well acclaimed novel "Brazilski akvarel" ("Brazilian Aquarelle", 2010), a mystery thriller encompassing such different settings as French Guiana, Vojvodina and Moscow. Centered around the character of a retired leggionaire, "Aquarelle" explores deeply rooted folk believings through narrative immersed in the atmosphere of utmost social corruption. 
His collections of essays "Nevidljivi arhipelag" ("Stealth Archipelago", 1994) and "Tri eseja o zduhacu pripovedanja" ("Three Essays On the Dybbuk of Narration", 2000) respectively deal with the themes of mysticism in literature and narratology. His essay "Kafka’s Poor Chirihau" was published in Boston University’s "Partisan Review" in 1998.
His translations from English to Serbian include Tim Parks’ novel "Shear", Doris Lessing’s "London Observed", Montague Rhodes James’ ghost stories collection and Robert James Waller’s "A Thousand Country Roads". 
He is an editor with the Serbian regional newspaper "Zrenjanin" and occasional contributor to leading national newspapers and magazines. His column "Rocky Inspires Success in Serbia", dealing with the challenges and perspectives of the Serbian social and economic transition, appeared in the "Transitions Online" journal in 2007, from where it was republished in the "Businessweek" magazine that same year.
References.
http://www.bu.edu/partisanreview/archive/1998/4/index.html
http://www.businessweek.com/globalbiz/content/mar2007/gb20070328_537605.htm
http://www.politika.rs/rubrike/Kritika/knjizevna-kritika/U-kuci-i-u-svetu.lt.html
http://www.knjizara.com/knjige/knjiga/128528_Brazilski+akvarel_ISBN 978-86-6053-047-1

</doc>
<doc id="31122864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122864" title="Sergei Demekhine">
Sergei Demekhine

Sergei Gennadyievich Demekhine (Russian: Сергей Геннадьевич Демехин; born 30 March 1984) is a Russian tennis coach and former player. Under his guidance, Vera Zvonareva reached two Grand Slam finals – at the 2010 Wimbledon Championships and the 2010 US Open — and World No. 2 ranking. Demekhin also occasionally works as a model.
Personal life.
Demekhin was born on 30 March 1984 to father Gennadyi and mother Natalia, and has a sister, Elena. He was born in Kursk, but currently resides in Moscow.
Tennis career.
As a professional tennis player, Demekhine won one ITF Futures title in singles, and eight in doubles. He played the qualifications for the Kremlin Cup in 2001, 2002, 2003 2006 and 2008, but never reached the main draw. Demekhin made two appearances in the ATP main draw in doubles, both at the Kremlin Cup. In 2005, he and Igor Kunitsyn lost to Mariusz Fyrstenberg and Răzvan Sabău 5–3, 5–4(6) in the first round. In 2008, Demekhin partnered with Konstantin Kravchuk, but they were beaten by Sergiy Stakhovsky and Potito Starace 7–6(4), 1–6, [10–7] in the first round. He has been inactive since 2009.
Coaching career.
Demekhine briefly coached Russian player Alla Kudryavtseva,
before he began coaching Vera Zvonareva. The two began working together in April 2010, after the 2010 Family Circle Cup in Charleston, South Carolina. At first, he was her hitting partner and then became her coach. Under his guidance, Zvonareva reached the finals of the 2010 Wimbledon Championships and the 2010 US Open, the semifinals of the 2011 Australian Open, and the World No. 2 ranking. In April 2011 Vera Zvonareva split with Demekhine.

</doc>
<doc id="31122867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122867" title="Speech interference level">
Speech interference level

Speech Interference Level (SIL) is an acoustical parameter calculated from sound pressure levels measured in octave bands. It is used to characterize a noise signal in the frequency range where the human ear has its highest sensitivity. 
The Speech Interference Level is calculated as the arithmetic mean of unweighted sound pressure levels in three or four octave bands in the 500 Hz - 4 kHz frequency range
Several variants of the Speech Interference Level are in use:

</doc>
<doc id="31122898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122898" title="Haptic memory">
Haptic memory

Haptic memory is a form of sensory memory that refers to the recollection of data acquired by touch after a stimulus has been presented. Haptic memory is used regularly when assessing the necessary forces for gripping and interacting with familiar objects. It may also influence one’s interactions with novel objects of an apparently similar size and density. Similar to visual iconic memory, traces of haptically acquired information are short lived and prone to decay after approximately two seconds. Haptic memory is best for stimuli applied to areas of the skin that are more sensitive to touch. Haptics can be classified as a type of perceptual system which involves two subsystems; cutaneous and kinesthetic. The former refers to anything that is skin related, whereas the latter is muscle sense. Haptics involves active, manual examination and is quite capable of processing the material traits of surfaces or objects.
Overview.
Perhaps the first experiment conducted to study the phenomenon of haptic memory was that of Bliss, Crane, Mansfield, and Townsend who investigated the characteristics of immediate recall for brief tactile stimuli applied to the hand. The results obtained showed a haptic memory store remarkably similar to the visual memory store suggested by Sperling in 1960, with a capacity of approximately four to five items. Similar to tests of visual sensory memory, it was also found that haptic memory performance was significantly improved with the use of partial report procedures. This particular finding is consistent with more recent research by Gallace in 2008. Bliss et al. interpreted this difference in partial report versus whole report as a sensory form of memory for passively presented tactile stimuli with a high capacity and short duration. Additional support for the short duration of haptic memory comes from studies by Gilson and Baddeley in 1969. According to these studies, memory for stimuli applied to the skin is resilient for approximately ten seconds after removal of the stimulus, even when the individual is engaged in tasks that inhibit verbal rehearsal. After this delay, the memory trace becomes vulnerable to forgetting as it decays from the haptic memory store and begins to rely on a more central memory store. Similar findings were later reported by Miles and Borthwick in 1996, who emphasized the role of tactile interference on discriminability of the target location and the role of central processing resources in consolidation of haptic memory. More recent experimental procedures and technologies such as minielectrode recording devices and transcranial magnetic stimulation have allowed for mapping of brain areas involved in the storage of tactile memories. Implicated in most of these studies is the primary somatosensory cortex. More recent studies have also investigated a broader selection of participants, allowing for the discovery of an intact haptic memory in infants.
Neuroanatomy.
Tactile memories are organized somatotopically, following the organization of the somatosensory cortex. This means that areas close on the body surface receive nervous signals from areas that are close together on the brain surface. Several distinct areas of the parietal lobe are responsible for contributing to different aspects of haptic memory. Memory for the properties of stimuli such as roughness, spatial density, and texture involves activation of the parietal operculum. Properties of stimuli such as size and shape, as detected by touch receptors in the skin, are stored in the anterior part of the parietal lobe. Memory for spatial information such as the location of stimuli involves the right superior parietal lobule and temporoparietal junction.
Additional neuroimaging data has been provided by studies using microelectrodes implanted in the somatosensory cortex of monkeys. When performing a delayed match to sample task with objects of identical dimensions but different surface features, activity is observed in somatosensory neurons during perception and in the short-term memory for tactile stimuli. 
According to a study done by Bruce V. DiMattia, Keith A. Posley and Joaquin M. Fuster, it was found that monkeys were quite capable of concurrent Visual-to-Haptic as well as Haptic-to-Visual crossmodal matching of objects by size, shape and texture. It was also discovered that they were more adept at performing cross modal matching in the Visual-to-Haptic direction. 
Development of Haptic memory.
Memory is important in infancy as it forms the basis for more complex procedures such as learning and reasoning. Studies of haptic memory in infants is particularly useful because it allows researchers to study the more perceptual representation of information as opposed to verbal or semantic aspects. Haptic abilities develop in stages in infants: The last two decades have allowed researchers to study the sensory system of infants which gives an insight to the initial stages of thinking, deciding and reasoning in a human brain. 
Evidence of haptic memory was discovered in infants as young as two months by Myriam Lhote and Arlette Streti, who demonstrated that haptic habituation occurs asymmetrically between the hands of infants, and that differences in haptic memory exist between sexes. For instance, in 2-month-old infants, haptic habituation was found in both the right and the left hand. Babies were able to encode haptically some characteristics or features of objects without visual control with their left hand as well as with their right hand. In the experiment, haptic habitutation was formed through an occurred stimuli and at the end, it has seen that even though stimuli was not present, infants still carry on their stimuli habit. It was also shown that infantile haptic memory is robust in that it is somewhat resistant to delays (especially in males). These findings support earlier results by Catherwood, which stated that 8-month-old infants were able to recognize a familiar shape after a five minute delay. Studies by Millar on congenitally blind and blindfolded children have revealed the importance of movement and body-centered cues in haptic memory. While these cues are important in all individuals, blind children tend to rely on them heavily.
Furthermore, it is proven that our haptic cues and memory affects our visual experience and the two experiences are linked for us to comprehend our surroundings.
Implicit Haptic Memory.
Implicit memory can be referred to as the unconscious recollection of previously presented information. This type of memory influences one’s actions and behaviors without the individual having any awareness of its availability for explicit recall. Implicit memory has been linked to phenomena such as skill acquisition, priming, and classical conditioning. In some cases, tactile information is also remembered implicitly. Evidence for this comes from patients with damage to the right cerebral hemisphere, who, due to their brain damage, are unable to explicitly report any of the qualities of objects held in their left hand when another object is simultaneously presented in their right hand. Despite this fact, when the patients are asked to compare the characteristics of objects presented to either hand, their judgements are influenced by objects previously held in their right hand. This suggests that the patients have some memory for the properties of objects recently removed from their right hand that they are not consciously aware of, and that this memory is affecting their accuracy on subsequent tasks. Similar evidence has been found in healthy individuals of varying ages, and in patients with Alzheimer’s disease.

</doc>
<doc id="31122899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122899" title="2011 Speedway World Cup Qualification">
2011 Speedway World Cup Qualification

The 2011 Speedway World Cup Qualification (SWC) was a two events of motorcycle speedway meetings, host in Italy and Germany, used to determine the two national teams who qualify for the 2011 Speedway World Cup. According to the FIM rules the top six nations (Poland, Denmark, Sweden, Great Britain, Australia and Russia) from the 2010 Speedway World Cup were automatically qualified. Qualification was won by Czech Republic and Germany teams.

</doc>
<doc id="31122905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122905" title="Yorks Islands (Montana)">
Yorks Islands (Montana)

Yorks Islands, also known as "Yorks 8 Islands" or "York's Islands" or simply "York Island(s)" are a group of several islands located in the flood plain of the Missouri River, in Broadwater County, Montana, about 4 miles south (up-river) from Townsend, Montana, along U.S. Highway 287. The islands were named by the Lewis and Clark Expedition (1803–1806) for Clark's servant/slave York, when the expedition passed this way in 1805 on their historic journey of exploration to the Pacific Ocean. The islands may be accessed from U.S.287, as a Montana Fishing Access site.
Naming Yorks Islands.
The islands were named for York (ca. 1770-1831), Captain William Clark's lifelong slave companion, and "body servant" who accompanied Clark on the expedition to the Pacific and back. 
The expedition passed this point on 24 July 1805. However, the naming of "Yorks 8 Islands" is not found in the narrative journals of Lewis and Clark for that day. Instead it is found in Clark’s tabulations on his map drawings, and in his list of “Creeks and Rivers,”. Clark's map for this area has the entry, “Yorks 8 Islands,” and under related remarks in Clark's "Creeks and Rivers" is “W.C. on land York tired.” 
On Wednesday, July 24, 1805 Meriwether Lewis made the following entry in his journal, which describes his thoughts about the formation of Yorks Islands. "we saw many beaver and some otter today; the former dam up the small channels of the river between the islands and compell the river in these parts to make other channels; which as soon as it has effected that which was stopped by the beaver becomes dry and is filled up with mud sand gravel and driftwood. the beaver is then compelled to seek another spot for his habitation wher he again erects his dam. thus the river in many places among the clusters of islands is constantly changing the direction of such sluices as the beaver are capable of stoping or of 20 yds in width. this anamal in that way I believe to be very instrumental in adding to the number of islands with which we find the river crouded."
The captains followed the practice of naming geographic features after prominent persons who somehow had been connected with the expedition, particularly the President and members of his cabinet, (viz Jefferson, Madison, and Gallatin Rivers) or attributes of President Jefferson (viz. Philanthropy, Philosophy, and Wisdom Rivers). In addition, as far as can be determined, a geographic feature was named for every Corps member, including Seaman, Lewis’s Newfoundland dog.
In 1806, on the return leg of the expedition down the Yellowstone River, Clark also named another geographical feature for York, "York's Dry Creek", a tributary of the Yellowstone River, in Custer County, Montana. This name did not stick and the creek became known as "Custer Creek".
Official Recognition of nomenclature "Yorks Islands".
Though the name for "Yorks 8 Islands" appears on Clark's 1805 maps of the expeditions travel along the Missouri for July 24, 1805, the geographical designation for "Yorks Islands" was not officially confirmed until 2000, when the U.S. Board on Geographic Names approved the name Yorks Islands for the group of Missouri River islands in Broadwater County. The name was also approved by the Montana Board on Geographic Names and has been entered into the Nation’s official automated geographic names repository.The USGS (United States Geological Survey) Geographic Names Information System has settled on "Yorks Islands". However, the area is also called "York's Islands", or simply "York Island". 
Designation of "York's Islands Fishing Access Site".
The island group are now incorporated into "York's Islands Fishing Access Site", maintained by the Montana Fish, Wildlife and Parks Department. This site is located on 22 acres along the east side of Missouri River 4 miles south of Townsend. The site is just off of U.S. Highway 287. The site is marked by a Montana Fish and Wildlife Department sign. It includes a boat launch, picnic tables, fishing access, camping sites (including some for small trailers) and toilets. There is a small fee. There is no water or any other services.
Getting to Yorks Islands.
Getting to Yorks Island: Utilize Google Earth for this area of Montana, or any map of the area, or simply drive 4 miles south of Townsend, Montana on U.S. Highway 287, and look for the fishing access sign on the west side of the highway.

</doc>
<doc id="31122929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122929" title="Richard Hopkins (died 1708)">
Richard Hopkins (died 1708)

Richard Hopkins (c 1641 - 1 February 1708 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1670 and 1701. He was an active opponent of King James II and a promoter of the Glorious Revolution.
Hopkins was the son of Sir Richard Hopkins, steward and MP for Coventry, and his wife Sarah Button, daughter of John Button of Buckland, Hampshire, and granddaughter of William Jesson who was also MP for Coventry.
Hopkins was elected Member of Parliament for Coventry in the Cavalier Parliament in a by-election in 1670 and sat until 1685. He actively opposed the King, and urged on the crowd in Coventry which greeted the captive Monmouth enthusiastically in 1682. He was restrained from partaking in the Battle of Sedgemoor but is said to have been marked out as a malignant. Coventry was forced to surrender its charter in 1683 and a number of officials and council members were removed as a result of the town's perceived disaffection. Hopkins was replaced as MP in 1685. When King James II visited Coventry in September 1687, he stayed at Hopkins's house and wanted toe bestow favours on him, but did not gain his support. When William of Orange landed in England at the end of 1688, King James' daughter Anne escaped from confinement in London and fled to the Midlands where she stayed a few days with Hopkins until news arrived that James had fled the country. 
Hopkins was re-elected MP for Coventry in 1690 and sat until 1695. He was re-elected MP for Coventry in 1698 and sat until 1701. 
Hopkins died aged 67 and was buried in St Michael's Church, Coventry.
Hopkins married Mary Johnson, daughter of Alderman Johnson. Their son Edward was also MP for Coventry.

</doc>
<doc id="31122952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122952" title="Basaralu">
Basaralu

"Basaralu" town is located in Mandya district, Karnataka, India. 
It is home to the Mallikarjuna temple, an ornate example of Hoysala architecture, and is dedicated to Mallikarjuna, another name for the Hindu god Shiva. This temple was built in 1234 A.D. by Harihara Nayaka, a commander under the Hoysala King Vira Narasimha II.
Temple Complex.
The temple complex comprises two shrines dedicated to the deities Mallikarjuna and Chandikeshwara. The Mallikarjuna shrine houses a Balahari "linga" and beautiful lotus carving on the ceiling. There is a Bhairava sculpture in the sanctum ("garbhagriha") of Chandikeshwara temple in a corner of the temple complex. There is a twenty feet tall pillar opposite to the temple. The base of the temple has mouldings with relief in the ascending order of elephants, horses with riders, Hoysala emblem, puranic episodes, crocodiles and swans, a theme that is common in most Hoysala temples.

</doc>
<doc id="31122962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122962" title="Luca Passani">
Luca Passani

Luca Passani is an Italian developer and the creator of WURFL (the Wireless Universal Resource FiLe), the "de facto" standard open source (FOSS) framework for addressing so-called Device Fragmentation (AKA Device Diversity) in
the mobile development space. Passani is still today the driving force behind WURFL development and support.
Luca has a Master's degree in Computer Science from University of Pisa, Italy, but initiated his professional career in Norway, where he participated in the creation of one of the first European Mobile Portals as early as 1999.
Luca is internationally known for being the author of articles and publications which established the technical background for future developments in this area.
In addition to WURFL, Luca is known for his work in the field of Device Fragmentation and for his Mobile Web Development guidelines (GAP guidelines). 
Among others, Luca has held positions in Italian, Norwegian and US companies, such as Openwave and AdMob (now part of Google), and consulted for Telecom Italia Mobile. He is currently the CTO of ScientiaMobile, Inc. VA, USA.

</doc>
<doc id="31122975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122975" title="Aseroe floriformis">
Aseroe floriformis

Aseroe floriformis is a species of fungus in the stinkhorn family Phallaceae. Described as a new species in 2005, it is known only from northeast Brazil, where it grows on sandy soil. The fruit body has a raspberry-colored stipe, and, unlike other members of the genus "Aseroe" does not have radiating branches.
Discovery.
The fungus was found during collecting expeditions to the Parque Estadual Dunas do Natal and Reserva Particular do Patrimonio Natural Mata Estrela, in the Brazilian State of Rio Grande do Norte. In 2009, it was reported in the state of Bahia. The specific epithet "floriformis" refers to the mushroom's resemblance to a flower.
Description.
Immature fruit bodies start out as roughly spherical "eggs", in diameter, on or near the surface of the ground. The eggs are white to yellowish, with robust white mycelial cords. The volva is made of an internal, hyaline (translucent), gelatinous layer as well as a membranous structure that is made of branching, hyaline, septate hyphae measuring 3–7 μm in diameter. The stipe is cylindrical, spongy, reddish to pink, high and wide. It has a pseudoparenchymatous structure (compactly interwoven short-celled filaments that resemble the parenchyma of higher plants) made of spherical cells that are 12–45 μm diameter that contain intracellular pigment. The fruit body has the same pseudoparenchymatous cellular morphology. It is sunflower-shaped, pinkish, in diameter, with a perforated central disc that has a reddish edge. It does not have any branches or any vestiges of them, unlike other "Aseroe" species. It is covered by the gelatinous grayish-brown gleba. The spores are cylindrical to ellipsoid, 4–6 by 1.5–2 μm, smooth, and hyaline. The fruit body, when fresh, smells similar to cow dung. This fetid odor is common to stinkhorn fungi, and attracts insects that help to disperse the spores.

</doc>
<doc id="31122996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31122996" title="Dead Men Tell No Tales">
Dead Men Tell No Tales

Dead Men Tell No Tales is a 1938 British thriller film directed by David MacDonald and starring Emlyn Williams, Sara Seegar and Hugh Williams. It is based on the 1935 novel "The Norwich Victims" by Francis Beeding.
Plot.
An English schoolteacher wins a French lottery, but on her way to Paris she is murdered and an imposter attempts to claim her prize.

</doc>
<doc id="31123002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123002" title="Elster Viaduct">
Elster Viaduct

The Elster Viaduct () is a railway bridge in the German state of Saxony. It carries the Leipzig–Hof line near Jocketa over the valley of the Weiße Elster. After the Göltzsch Viaduct ("Göltzschtalbrücke") it is the second largest brick bridge in the world. The Elster Valley Railway passes under the 68 metre-high bridge.
History.
The viaduct was built in the course of the construction of the Leipzig–Hof line of the "Saxon-Bavarian State Railway" ("Sächsisch-Bayerische Staatseisenbahn"). The foundation stone was laid on 7 November 1846. Up to 800 workers worked on the bridge from 1846 to 1851, laying 12 million bricks. In contrast to the Göltzsch Viaduct, which is only nine metres higher, it was built with normally shaped arches on only two levels. The lower level has five piers, four of which are built as double piers. The foundations of the piers and the deck were built out of slabs of granite.
In the last days of the Second World War on 16 April 1945 the German Wehrmacht partially demolished the bridge. This meant that trains from the southwest could only run as far as Röttis and from the northeast only as far as Jocketa. A temporary bridge was erected by attaching a steel truss to the remains of the demolished central supporting pier, which supported the girders of a timber bridge. This important bridge was reopened to traffic in February 1946. The final reconstruction of the two collapsed masonry brick arches was completed in October 1950.
The top of the lower arches carries a hiking trail. There are plaques on this level showing the reconstruction after the Second World War.

</doc>
<doc id="31123009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123009" title="Atmore Public Library">
Atmore Public Library

The Atmore Public Library is public library primarily serving Atmore, Alabama and the surrounding communities. The system is a department of the city of Atmore and receives funding from the city of Atmore, Escambia County and the state of Alabama.

</doc>
<doc id="31123042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123042" title="2012 Individual Long Track World Championship qualification">
2012 Individual Long Track World Championship qualification

This page describes the qualifying procedure for the 2012 Individual Long Track World Championship finals. "All meetings will be held in 2011 season."

</doc>
<doc id="31123051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123051" title="Prague (band)">
Prague (band)

Biography.
The band first formed when all three members were attending the same music college. Suzuki and Ito, classmates since high school, were introduced to bassist Konno through a mutual friend, and in 2006 they began playing around Tokyo under the name Sound Coordination. In 2009, they signed with Ki/oon Records and released their first major-label single, "Slow Down". The band's second single, "Light Infection", was featured as the opening theme during Season 4 of the "anime" series "Gin Tama." The band's fourth single, "Balance Doll", is currently used as the eighteenth ending theme of the anime series "Gin Tama."

</doc>
<doc id="31123061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123061" title="Sergei Chernyshov">
Sergei Chernyshov

Sergei Chernyshov may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31123063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123063" title="David Scott Fox">
David Scott Fox

Sir David Scott Fox, KCMG was a member of the Diplomatic service and writer.
Sir David Scott Fox was born in 1910 and educated at Eton and Christ Church, Oxford, before entering the Diplomatic Service.
Career.
He served in Berlin and Prague before the Second World War. During 1945–47 he was a Foreign Office representative at the Nuremberg Trials of the major Nazi war criminals; then went to Japan to assist in setting up a similar trial.
Later after postings in Brazil, Saudi Arabia, Turkey and Romania and at the United Nations, he was appointed Ambassador to Chile and Finland.
On his retirement he was appointed Special Representative of the Foreign and Commonwealth Secretary of State.
Books.
He was the author of Mediterranean Heritage; Darkest Angel; Saint George

</doc>
<doc id="31123082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123082" title="Bradley Square Mall">
Bradley Square Mall

Bradley Square Mall is a shopping mall located in Cleveland, Tennessee. Opened in 1991, the mall has more than 50 inline tenants, as well as four anchor stores, including J.C. Penney, Kmart, Belk, and a Carmike Cinemas Theater. The mall is managed by the Shane Morrison Companies based in Baton Rouge, Louisiana.
History.
The mall opened to the public on February 13, 1991 with Sears, Hess's, Kmart, and J. C. Penney. Hess's became Proffitt's in 1992 and Proffitt's became Belk in 2005. The mall was renovated in 1999. This included an expansion of Kmart.
After a planned 12-screen theater project was cancelled in 2008, the mall began to add non-traditional retailers such as a gym, a martial arts studio, a playground, and a church. The Shane Morrison Companies assumed ownership on December 1, 2010.
In May 2012, an 18 million dollar renovation project began. The project included work on the entrances and much of the interior and exterior, and an expansion and renovation of Belk. The project was completed in April 2013.
A 12-screen theater complex at Bradley Square Mall opened in November 2012, according to an announcement issued by Carmike Cinemas. The theater has a notable feature known as a "BIGD" auditorium, which contains a screen sixty feet wide and three stories tall, powered by a Christie digital 3D/2D projector, luxurious theater seating, and 7.1 surround sound.
The original Sears store became Dunham's Sports in late 2013. Sears transitioned to a smaller store in the mall.
The Village Mall, opened in 1961, and the Cleveland Mall, opened in 1975 were small shopping malls in the city which were run out of business by the Bradley Square Mall. The Village Mall became the Village Green Town Center, a strip mall, in 1998 and the Cleveland Mall became the Life Care Centers of America Campbell Center in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="31123084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123084" title="Jim Ananich">
Jim Ananich

James Ananich, or Jim Ananich, is a politician from the State of Michigan. He is a Democratic Party member of the Michigan State Senate representing the 27th District, which is located in Genesee County and includes part of the city of Flint.
Life.
Career.
Ananich attend and graduated from Michigan State University with a bachelor’s degree in political science and economics and a secondary teaching certificate. He also received a master’s degree in public administration from the University of Michigan-Flint. He then became a teacher in the Carman-Ainsworth and Flint Community School Districts. He was later employed by Priority Children as an education coordinator until 2011.
Political career.
Ananich ran against Lee Gonzales for Michigan State Representative in the 2004 Democratic primary and lost. The next year, he was elected to Flint City Council and serve until 2009. In 2009, Ananich served as the Council's President. He then ran for State Representative in 2010 winning against Allan Pool 67% to 33%.
In 2013, with a vacancy due to John J. Gleason's resignation from the 27 District State Senate seat, he wins election to the position on May 7.

</doc>
<doc id="31123093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123093" title="James Hillhouse Fuertes">
James Hillhouse Fuertes

James Hillhouse Fuertes (10 August 1863 Ponce, Puerto Rico - 30 January 1932 Brooklyn, New York) was a United States civil and sanitary engineer.
Biography.
He was the son of Estevan and Mary Stone Perry Fuertes, and graduated from Cornell University in 1883. He constructed works for the sewerage, drainage and water supply of various cities in the United States, Canada and Brazil, and served as consulting engineer of various corporations and municipalities. He was a non-resident lecturer at Cornell.
Works.
He also wrote numerous monographs on engineering and sanitary subjects, etc.
Family.
He married Mary Hill Cable on 10 January 1895. She died in May 1921 in 
Brooklyn.

</doc>
<doc id="31123098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123098" title="The Fake">
The Fake

The Fake may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31123106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123106" title="Chippy Gaw">
Chippy Gaw

George Joseph "Chippy" Gaw (March 13, 1892 – May 5, 1968) was an American baseball pitcher, who appeared in six games for the Chicago Cubs in 1920. Gaw was born in West Newton, Massachusetts, and died in Boston. He attended Tufts University.

</doc>
<doc id="31123122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123122" title="Mont-roig del Camp">
Mont-roig del Camp

Mont-roig del Camp () is a town and municipality in the comarca of Baix Camp, Catalonia, Spain. It is in the middle of its comarca, between the Serra de Colldejou and the Mediterranean. It includes two populated places: the historic town of Mont-roig del Camp in the interior, whose economy revolves round the cultivation of nuts and olives, and the beach resort of Miami Platja on the coast, the Costa Daurada.
The municipality has a long coastline, with campsites and a few hotels, informally distributed over the districts of Pins de Miramar and Miami Platja, as well as round the Platja de Rifà (Rifà beach), close to the district of Les Pobles.
Notable buildings include the "new" parish church, that of Sant Miquel, built in Gothic and Renaissance style between 1574 and 1610.
High above the town on a very eroded outcrop of rock stands the sanctuary of Our Lady of the Rock with the Sant Ramon chapel. The painter Joan Miró spent long periods at the family property of Mas d'en Miró, in the Les Pobles district, from 1911 onwards.
References.
This article is adapted from the Catalan Wikipedia

</doc>
<doc id="31123130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123130" title="Ariz (Metro Bilbao)">
Ariz (Metro Bilbao)

Ariz is a station of the Line 2 of Metro Bilbao. The station before is Etxebarri and the station after is Basauri, which is the terminus station. "Ariz" station is located in the municipality of Basauri, in the Greater Bilbao area. It is one of the two stations located in this municipality, being the other one Basauri. It is an underground station and ita fare zone is B0.
History.
It was opened on February 28, 2011, being one of the two stations planned to be opened in the municipality of Basauri, the other one being Basauri station and which was opened on November 11, 2011. Only on the first day, more than 8.000 passengers used the new station.
Until the opening of Basauri station, both lines 1 and 2 operated in this station; starting on November 11 only Line 2 reaches it, and then follows to Basauri station. Line 1 now ends in Etxebarri.
Services.
Metro services.
The station is served by the line 2, with trains coming from Basauri to Santurtzi. From Monday to Friday there are trains to Santurtzi each five minutes in rush hours and seven in the rest of schedules. Passengers willing to interchange to line 1 to the Right Bank (destinations, Bidezabal or Plentzia) may do so on any station located between Etxebarri and San Inazio.
Bus services.
All the bus services are run by Bizkaibus, with frequent buses running to Galdakao and the University of the Basque Country in Leioa (line A2610), Ugao-Miraballes (line A2611), downtown Bilbao (line A3621), Arrigorriaga and Zaratamo (line A3622), Galdakao Hospital (line A3641), Orozko (line A3919) and Urduña (line A3920).
Access.
The station can be accessed from:

</doc>
<doc id="31123136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123136" title="The Fake (1927 film)">
The Fake (1927 film)

The Fake is a 1927 British silent drama film directed by Georg Jacoby and starring Henry Edwards, Elga Brink and Juliette Compton. It is based on a play by Frederick Lonsdale. It was made at Twickenham Studios in London.
Plot.
An M.P. pressures his daughter to marry an aristocrat in spite of his drug addiction.

</doc>
<doc id="31123148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123148" title="Chet Anekwe">
Chet Anekwe

Chet Anekwe is an actor and filmmaker who was born in Nigeria and raised in New York City. His work spans Hollywood, Nollywood and the New York Theater.

</doc>
<doc id="31123154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123154" title="Ameer Ismail">
Ameer Ismail

Justice Ameer Ismail is a retired Judge of the Supreme Court of Sri Lanka and a former Chairman of the Commission to Investigate Allegations of Bribery or Corruption, Sri Lanka.
Education.
Justice Ameer Ismail was educated at Wesley College, Colombo, Sri Lanka.
He obtained the Bachelor of Laws degree from the University of Ceylon in 1967 and then passed out as an Advocate from the Sri Lanka Law College. He was enrolled and admitted as an Advocate of the Supreme Court of Sri Lanka in 1967.
Justice Ismail has obtained a Diploma in International Air Law from the Utrecht University, Netherlands in 1983. He has followed a course in 1998, in Dispute Resolution organized by the Institute for the Study and Development of Legal Systems in the University of California, Berkeley.
Career.
He joined the Attorney-General's Department (Sri Lanka) as a Crown Counsel in 1971 after a brief period of practice in the unofficial bar. He served the Department for a period of 12 years as a State Counsel and as a Senior State Counsel.
He was absorbed into the judiciary in 1983 as a High Court Judge. After serving in various stations as a Judge of the High Court exercising original jurisdiction, he was promoted as a Judge of the Court of Appeal in 1990. He became the President of the Court of Appeal in 1998.
He was then elevated as a Puisne Justice of the Supreme Court of Sri Lanka in 1990. During his tenure as a Supreme Court Judge, he served as a Member of the Judicial Service Commission. He was also appointed a Member of the Council of Legal Education. He retired as a Supreme Court Judge in 1994.
Justice Ismail was appointed as the Chairman of the Commission to Investigate Allegations of Bribery or Corruption by Her Excellency the President on the recommendation of the "Constitutional Council" in March 2005 for a period of five years ending March 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="31123196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123196" title="The Fake (1953 film)">
The Fake (1953 film)

The Fake is a 1953 British crime film directed by Godfrey Grayson and starring Dennis O'Keefe, Coleen Gray and Hugh Williams. Its plot concerns an American detective who tries to solve the theft of a priceless painting from the Tate Gallery in London.

</doc>
<doc id="31123243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123243" title="Godfrey Grayson">
Godfrey Grayson

Godfrey Grayson (1913–1998) was a British film director.

</doc>
<doc id="31123250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123250" title="Shan Bullock">
Shan Bullock

Shan Fadh Bullock (John William), writer, was born on 17 May 1865 at Inisherk in Co. Fermanagh and died in Surrey 27 February 1935. He attended Farra School in County Westmeath, he failed the Dublin University entrance exams and moved to London. He served on secretariat of Irish Home Rule Convention.
Bullock's works include 14 novels set in Ulster and he was admired by J.M. Barrie and Thomas Hardy.

</doc>
<doc id="31123300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123300" title="Radical 32">
Radical 32

Radical 32 meaning "earth" is 1 of 31 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of three strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 580 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.
In the Chinese Wu Xing ("Five Phases"), 土 represents the element Earth.

</doc>
<doc id="31123323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123323" title="2011 Meath Senior Football Championship">
2011 Meath Senior Football Championship

The 2011 Meath Senior Football Championship is the 119th edition of the Meath GAA's premier club Gaelic football tournament for senior graded teams in County Meath, Ireland. The tournament consists of 17 teams, with the winner going on to represent Meath in the Leinster Senior Club Football Championship. The championship starts with a group stage and then progresses to a knock out stage. 
Skryne were the defending champions after they defeated Seneschalstown in the previous years final. 
Nobber were promoted after claiming the 2010 Meath Intermediate Football Championship title, their first year in the senior grade since being relegated in 1991 and only their 2nd ever period as a senior club.
On 16 October 2011, Summerhill claimed their 6th senior championship title when they defeated Dunshaughlin 0-14 to 1-9 after extra-time in a replay.
Trim were relegated after 62 years as a senior club. Skryne are the only club to have operated at the senior grade for longer.
Team changes.
The following teams have changed division since the 2010 championship season.
To S.F.C..
Promoted from I.F.C.
From S.F.C..
Relegated to I.F.C.
Participating teams.
The teams that took part in the 2011 Meath Senior Football Championship are:
Group Stage.
There are 3 groups called Group A,B and C. The 3 top finishers in Group A and B and the top 2 finshers in Group C will qualify for the quarter finals. The 3 teams that finish last in their groups will play in a round-robin relegation play off. The loser will be relegated to the Intermediate division.
Group A.
Round 1:
Round 2:
Round 3:
Round 4:
Round 5:
Group B.
Round 1:
Round 2:
Round 3:
Round 4:
Round 5:
Group C.
Round 1:
Round 2:
Round 3:
Round 4:
Round 5:
Knock-out Stages.
Relegation Play Off.
Game 1: Trim 3-8, 1-16 Nobber, Bohermeen, 20/8/2011, 
Game 2: Duleek/Bellewstown 2-6, 1-11 Trim, Pairc Tailteann, 9/9/2011, 
Finals.
Quarter Finals:
Semi Finals:
Final:
Final Replay:

</doc>
<doc id="31123325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123325" title="What the Butler Saw (1950 film)">
What the Butler Saw (1950 film)

What the Butler Saw is a 1950 British comedy film directed by Godfrey Grayson and starring Edward Rigby, Henry Mollison and Mercy Haystead. It was made by Hammer Films.

</doc>
<doc id="31123364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123364" title="Denise Soesilo">
Denise Soesilo

Denise Soesilo (born May 10, 1987 in Hamburg, West Germany) is a German female ice hockey player. She was forward position. She played for the Yale Bulldogs and was the second Yale women’s hockey player to compete in the Olympics, after Helen Resor.
Playing career.
Germany.
She represented Germany in the Germany women's national ice hockey team at the Winter Olympic Games. She competed in the 2006 Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="31123401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123401" title="Derbyshki">
Derbyshki

Derbyshki (; ) is a residential area in the city of Kazan, the capital of the Republic of Tatarstan, Russia.
Until November 1998 it was two rural localities (Bolshiye Derbyshki and Malye Derbyshki), which were merged into Kazan in November 1998 along with a number of other rural localities of Vysokogorsky District.
History.
The origin of the name is unknown but it is perhaps that it might be from a man named Dervish. There was an Astrakhan khan of the Kazan Khanate called Darwish Ghali II from 1554 to 1556. In the 16th century Near rivers the Kazanka River and the Kinderka River settled village Derbyshkino (). In 1567, there were three peasant households: Derbyshki Small, Derbyshki Large and third — empty. Derbyshki Small Derbyshki located on Archa Darugha (), where the Noksa River empties into the Kazanka River. Derbyshki Large located at near the Kazanka and Kinderka rivers. On the territory of the empty farm appeared the current settlement Derbyshki. In 1650 its population was 41 people.
With the advent of the railway "Derbyshki" was built. In 1932 it was decided to build a railway car factory, but due to the political situation on February 8, 1940 it was decided to construct the Kazan Optical and Mechanical Plant (KOMZ). During the Second World War residents of besieged Leningrad were evacuated to Derbyshki. Many of them stayed after the war. One of the largest opto-electronic instrument research and production facilities was established in Derbyshki - NPO "State Institute of Applied Optics, founded in 1966 on as a branch of the S.I.Vavilov State Optical Institute.
Economy.
In the settlement there are:

</doc>
<doc id="31123415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123415" title="Erik Ziengs">
Erik Ziengs

Erik Ziengs (born September 27, 1960 in Hoogersmilde) is a Dutch politician and businessman. As a member of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (Volkspartij voor Vrijheid en Democratie) he has been an MP since June 17, 2010. He focuses on matters of small and medium enterprises, tourism, entrepreneurship and reduction of administrative burdens.

</doc>
<doc id="31123422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123422" title="Radical 33">
Radical 33

Radical 33 meaning "scholar" or "bachelor" is 1 of 31 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of three strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 24 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31123426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123426" title="Innocent Meeting">
Innocent Meeting

Innocent Meeting is a 1958 British crime film directed by Godfrey Grayson and starring Sean Lynch, Beth Rogan and Raymond Huntley. After meeting her in a record shop, a young tearaway bonds with the daughter of middle-class parents. The screenplay was by Brian Clemens.

</doc>
<doc id="31123439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123439" title="International Max Planck Research School for Ultrafast Imaging and Structural Dynamics">
International Max Planck Research School for Ultrafast Imaging and Structural Dynamics

The International Max Planck Research School for Ultrafast Imaging and Structural Dynamics (IMPRS-UFAST) is a joint venture of the Max Planck Research Department for Structural Dynamics at the University of Hamburg (MPSD), the Max Planck Advanced Study Group (MP-ASG)] at the Center for Free Electron Laser Science, the University of Hamburg, the Deutsches Elektronen Synchrotron (DESY) and European XFEL GmbH. It was established in 2011 and is located in Hamburg, Germany.
The school offers an interdisciplinary PhD programme focussing generally on research on structural changes of atoms, molecules, condensed, biological, or warm dense matter at femtosecond time scales, with the ultimate goal of discovering the primary events governing these processes. Research areas include the theoretical and practical aspects of condensed matter and atomically resolved dynamics, fundamental light-matter interaction, accelerator-based light sources, coherent imaging, coherent controlled molecular and solid state dynamics, molecule imaging, extreme timescale spectroscopy, ultrafast optics, free-electron lasers and x-ray, and their applications in chemistry, biology and medicine.
The programme builds on the infrastructures and scientific expertise in the area of synchrotron light sources available in the Hamburg area. The program takes in approx. 10 students annually, who are fully funded for the duration of their doctoral studies.

</doc>
<doc id="31123444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123444" title="Perry &amp; Co.">
Perry &amp; Co.

Perry & Co., Ltd was the largest English pen-maker company, which manufactured dip pens of a huge range of models. The company also manufactured bicycle chains and accessories.
History.
The beginning.
James Perry, still a schoolmaster and being dissatisfied with the quality of existing pens, began making steel pens by hand. The firm was founded in Manchester as James Perry and Co. in 1824, but later moved to London, where they made and sold pens and pen-holders, pencils, elastic bands and ink, and dealt in stationers' supplies. From 1829 all of Perry's pens were made by Josiah Mason, which was considerered by the time as the finest pens manufacturer. The excellence of their products swiftly raised them to the forefront of the new industry, exporting pens all over the world. By 1876 when the firm became a Limited Company, they equalled Esterbrook as being the largest manufacturers of pen nibs in the world.
Perry & Co. established.
Sometime after 1847 James Perry and Co. became "Perry and Co." as the name was used in an 1866 advert. In 1876 Josiah Mason's steel-pen firm came together with Wiley & Son, pen and pencil case makers, and James Perry & Co under the title of “Perry & Co Ltd”, acquiring its Birmingham base at Lancaster Street Works. The firm also began the production of steel chains and accessories for bicycles. 
The same year the public company was registered on 28 January, to take over the businesses of Josiah Mason and A. Sommerville and Co, manufacturers of pens of Birmingham.
By the late 1890s the company was having financial problems and were bought by James William Bayliss, part owner of the Bayliss-Thomas car making company.
By 1914 Perry & Co specialized in steel pens and pen holders, cycle chains, free wheels, hubs, bells and cycle accessories, stationers' sundries, gold pens, solitaires, studs, sleeve links, tobacconists' and drapers' sundries and had 2,000 employees.
In 1945 the company transferred its chain making and cycle coaster hub business to a subsidiary, Perry Chain Co Ltd. The pen business was continued by Perry and Co (Pens division) Ltd, while Perry and Co (Holdings) Ltd became the main parent company, with financial control of the whole Perry group.
British Pens.
In 1920, when Hinks Wells & Co and William Mitchell came together at the Pedigree Works in Birmingham, founded a new company called "British Pens", which added Cumberland Pencils in 1921. After World War II staff from the London Jewel Company joined them and they began to produce ballpoint pens. 
In 1961 British Pens acquired the pen businesses of Perry & Co and other manufacturers like John Mitchell and Joseph Gillott's. As part of the Twinlock Group its name was changed to "Cumberland Graphics" in 1975. Byron Head, the Managing Director of William Mitchell (sinkers) and British Pens bought the two companies from Twinlock in 1982. The company still makes pens in the West Midlands.
Models.
Perry & Co. produced a large variety of models for different purposes, most of them designed to produce fine lines (such as Nº 25 or 341, which is still easy to find in stores of Argentina). Other models were also popular by their names, like the "Queen Mary" or the "Quill Pen" (Nº 230-231-232) 
Giant pens.
Perry & Co. also produced different giant-sized versions of its N°2301 Indent Pen model. Those were 5" long (see thumbnail photo).

</doc>
<doc id="31123445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123445" title="Raffi Wolf">
Raffi Wolf

Raffi Wolf (born June 20, 1978, in Dinslaken, West Germany) is a German female ice hockey player. She played forward position.
Playing career.
Germany.
Wolf competed at two IIHF Women’s World Championships. Her team finished 5th (Pool A) in 2001 and 7th (Pool A) in 2000.
She represented Germany in the Germany women's national ice hockey team at the Winter Olympic Games. She competed in the 2002 Olympics and at the 2006 Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="31123451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123451" title="Delio Morollón">
Delio Morollón

Delio Morollón Estébanez (23 July 1937 – 17 February 1992) was a Spanish footballer who played as a forward.

</doc>
<doc id="31123461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123461" title="Olga Fielden">
Olga Fielden

Olga Fielden (1903–1973) was a Belfast based playwright and novelist.
Her novel "Island Story" (Jonathan Cape, 1933) was described in the Times Literary Supplement as having an "exhilarating quality". "Stress" (Jonathan Cape, 1936) was similarly described as "fresh and vigorous".
Fielden wrote a number of plays for the BBC and "Three To Go" was produced by the Abbey Theatre in Dublin.

</doc>
<doc id="31123470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123470" title="2011 Mundialito de Clubes squads">
2011 Mundialito de Clubes squads

These are the rosters of the ten participating teams at the inaugural Mundialito de Clubes (or Club World Cup) beach soccer tournament that will take place at a temporary beach soccer stadium at Represa de Guarapiranga, a reservoir located in São Paulo, Brazil from 19 - 26 March 2011. The first nine were drafted at the Official Draft, with the tenth player added by Beach Soccer Worldwide 48 hours later.

</doc>
<doc id="31123471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123471" title="Brachicheta">
Brachicheta

Brachicheta is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.

</doc>
<doc id="31123493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123493" title="Radical 34">
Radical 34

Radical 34 meaning "go" is 1 of 31 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of three strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 11 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="31123510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123510" title="Elster Viaduct (Pirk)">
Elster Viaduct (Pirk)

The Elster Viaduct near Pirk (Hof) is one of the most unusual motorway bridges in Germany. The building of this bridge began in 1937, but was stopped in 1940 due to the chaos created by World War II. Since this bridge then was in the restricted area of the East Germany, construction was not restarted until 1990. In June 1990 preliminary investigations began, and finally in September 1990 the building of the bridge began anew. In August 1993 the bridge was opened to traffic. Federal Motorway (Ger. Bundesautobahn) 72 now uses the bridge.

</doc>
<doc id="31123514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123514" title="AvalonWaterways">
AvalonWaterways

Avalon Waterways is a United States headquartered ship and river cruise line owned by Globus, which offers cruises in Europe, China, Southeast Asia, Egypt and the Galápagos Islands. The company became a member of Cruise Lines International Association (CLIA) in August 2009. Avalon offers a number of cruise vacations in Europe.
Fleet.
Since its launch in 2004, Avalon Waterways has christened 13 new ships in Europe. In May 2011, the company introduced the "Avalon Panorama," the industry's first "Suite Ship." With a focus on bringing the outdoor experience inside, 66 of the "Panorama's" staterooms feature floor-to-ceiling windows that slide open to create a balcony-like exterior wall for broader views of Europe's passing landscapes.

</doc>
<doc id="31123533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123533" title="Brachicheta strigata">
Brachicheta strigata

Brachicheta stricata is a species of fly in the family Tachinidae.

</doc>
<doc id="31123551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123551" title="Gustav Gaudernack">
Gustav Gaudernack

Professor Gustav Gaudernack is one of the leading scientists in the development of cancer vaccines and cancer immunotherapy. He has throughout his career developed various strategies in immunological treatment of cancer. He is actively involved in several ongoing cellular and immuno-gene therapeutic clinical trials and his research group has put major efforts into the development of various T cell-based immunotherapeutic strategies.
Biography.
Gustav Gaudernack was born in 1943 and grew up in Sandvika, Norway. His father Rolf was a jeweler and gemologist and his mother Lilly was a gemologist. His younger brother, Christian, followed in the footsteps of the family and became a jeweler. Gustav on the other hand, chose a path in bio-medical science and in particular immunology. Gustav married Marit Ohrø-Bjørnvik (later Marit Gaudernack) in 1973. They became parents to Hans (1983) and Herman (1988).
The first footsteps in the field of immunology.
Gaudernack received the cand.real (Master of Science) degree in biochemistry at the University of Oslo (UiO) in 1972. He travelled to the University of Tromsø (UiT) as a visiting fellow the same year together with several scientists from the UiO. In the period 1973-1979, Gaudernack was a research fellow supervised by Professor Hans Prydz at the UiT. He got a position as a research fellow in the group of Professor Kristian Hannestad at the Department of Immunology, UiT (1979–1980) and further continued his work in the group of Rolf Seljeli (1980–1983). During this period he went to the University of Minnesota, USA, and worked as a research fellow for one year (1980–1981). His research these years was focused on mouse myeloma protein λ315. He further became interested in the innate immune system, in particular monocytes, and generated monocyte-specific monoclonal antibodies (ID5) in hybridomas. Inspired by his research and without being instructed, Gustav gave lectures in immunology at the UiT. Gaudernack is greatly interested in art and in parallel to his research at UiT he opened a gallery at the university called Galleri 72.
The years at the National Hospital, Oslo.
In 1983, Gaudernack headed south to Oslo and worked in the group of Professor Erik Thorsby at the Institute for Transplantation Immunology at the National Hospital. Together with Professor Frode Vartdal, Gaudernack contributed to the development of cell-isolation systems for tissue-typing based on mono-disperse magnetic beads (Dynabeads) developed by Professor John Ugelstad. There was a great need for fast tissue-typing techniques and the work was performed in collaboration with the biotechnology company Dynal which funded the research. It turned out to become a great success. He further generated monoclonal antibodies specific for the hematopoietic stem cell marker, CD34. A joint collaboration with Dynal, the Norwegian Radium Hospital and Baxter resulted in development of an instrument to isolate hematopoietic stem cells in large scale using anti-CD34 mAb coupled to Dynabeads.
Cancer vaccines; from idea to clinical trials.
Already during his period at the UiT, the idea of cancer vaccines came to Gaudernack's mind. The fact that cancer cell lines injected into mice were killed by the animal’s immune system was fascinating in a time with the development of the cancer immunosurveillance theory and cancer immunoediting hypothesis. At the end of the 1980s the three-dimensional structure of human leukocyte antigen (HLA) molecule was defined in parallel to identification of tumor-specific gene aberrations. In light of these discoveries, Gaudernack positioned himself early in the development of peptide vaccines based on genetic aberrations. One such genetic aberration was mutations in the proto-oncogene Ras subfamily. Together with his team, Gustav was among the first in the world to develop peptide-based cancer vaccines derived from mutated Ras proto-oncogenes. The peptides contain the various mutations that are present in the catalytic site of the Ras protein.
Ras peptide vaccines.
In 1993, five patients with pancreatic cancer received ras peptide vaccines carrying mutations in codon 12. The five patients carried the corresponding "Ras" mutation and Ras-specific T cell responses were induced in two of the patients. The study demonstrated that specific T cell responses against mutations uniquely harbored in tumor cells can be induced in cancer patients by vaccination. Furthermore, late stage pancreatic cancer patients from two previous phase I/II clinical study. which received K-ras derived peptides carrying oncogenic mutations, were followed more than 10 years. This study significantly demonstrated an improved median survival in the patients that received ras peptide vaccines compared to patients in the control group. Strikingly, long-term immunological memory responses to the vaccines were present in three patients 9 years after the vaccination. Five patients were still alive for more than nine years after vaccination. This is an unexpected clinical outcome for patients with this malignancy.
Telomerase peptide vaccines.
Since ras peptide vaccines had to contain the mutations that was carried in each individual cancer patient, development of a universal cancer vaccine that could be given to patients regardless of their cancer genotype was strongly needed. The enzyme telomerase is highly expressed in >90% of tumors while most normal cells do not express telomerase. The catalytic subunit of telomerase called human telomerase reverse transcriptase (hTERT), represents a potential universal target for cancer immunotherapy. Gaudernack was the first to develop therapeutic cancer vaccines based on immunogenic peptides derived from hTERT. In 2000, Gaudernack initiated a phase I/II clinical trial in pancreatic cancer patients using an hTERT derived peptide (GV1001). The study showed that the vaccine was well tolerated and significantly induced immune responses. This was a first in man telomerase vaccine and these data formed the basis for an ongoing phase III trial (Telovax) sponsored by Cancer UK.
hTERT may represent a universal target for cancer immunotherapy, thus immunogenic peptides derived from hTERT may be applied as vaccines for a large group of cancer patients diagnosed with various tumors. In 2006, Gaudernack and colleagues published results from a phase I/II clinical trial in patients with non-small lung carcinomas (NSLC). Similarly to the pancreatic cancer trial, the hTERT peptide vaccine showed to be well tolerated and safe. This study demonstrated that NSLC patients that responded to the vaccine (54% of evaluable patients) had significantly improved survival compared to non-responding patients. Interestingly, two of the responding patients had complete remission of the disease and are still alive to day.
Together with colleagues and industrial partners, Gaudernack is currently running several other clinical trials with hTERT peptides as therapeutic cancer vaccines.
Cellular and Immuno-gene therapy of cancer.
Gaudernack and colleagues became interested in the immunotherapeutic potential of dendritic cells (DCs) and in 2005, Gaudernack’s group published results from a phase I/II clinical trial in prostate cancer patients using autologous DCs loaded with tumor mRNA as a vaccine. This study demonstrated that vaccination with autologous DCs transfected with mRNA derived from three prostate cancer cell lines was safe and an improved clinical outcome was significantly related to immune responses against the vaccine.
Furthermore, Gaudernack and colleagues initiated a phase I/II clinical trial for treatment of malignant melanoma with autologous tumor-mRNA transfected DC vaccines. These data clearly demonstrated vaccine-specific immune responses with a broad specter of T cell response against antigens encoded by the tumor-mRNA antigens utilized for transfection.
Gaudernack is strongly involved in several ongoing cellular and immuno-gene therapeutic clinical trials. In addition, Gaudernack’s group has put major effort into development of various T cell-based immunotherapeutic strategies which will enter clinical trials during 2011-2012.
Cancer stem cells.
Gaudernack is member of the Cancer Stem Cell Innovation Center (CAST) and part of his group has in the recent years focused on cancer stem cell research. The major goal for these projects is the development of cancer stem cell-specific immunotherapy.

</doc>
<doc id="31123562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123562" title="When You Come Home">
When You Come Home

When You Come Home is a 1948 British comedy film directed by John Baxter and starring Frank Randle, Leslie Sarony and Leslie Holmes. When the music hall where he works is threatened with closure, a handyman organises an effort to save it. It had a larger production budget than Randle's previous films made in Manchester.

</doc>
<doc id="31123581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123581" title="Hyogo 11th district">
Hyogo 11th district

Hyogo 11th district (兵庫県第11区 "Hyōgo-ken dai-jūikku" or simply 兵庫11区 "Hyōgo 11-ku") is a constituency of the House of Representatives in the Diet of Japan. It is located in Southwestern Hyōgo and consists of the city of Himeji without the former towns of Ieshima, Yumesaki, Kōdera and Yasutomi that are part of the 12th district. As of 2009, 385,835 eligible voters were registered in the district.
Before the electoral reform of 1994, the area formed part of Hyōgo 4th district where four Representatives had been elected by single non-transferable vote.
Since the district's creation, it has been represented by two people: Tōru Toida, the son of former representative and health minister Saburō Toida, and Takeaki Matsumoto, son of former representative and defense minister Jūrō Matsumoto and great-great-grandson of former prime minister Hirobumi Itō.

</doc>
<doc id="31123608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123608" title="Nuestra Belleza Aguascalientes 2011">
Nuestra Belleza Aguascalientes 2011

Nuestra Belleza Aguascalientes 2011 was held in the Hotel Marriott, Aguascalientes, Aguascalientes on July 7, 2011. At the conclusion of the final night of competition Karina González of Aguascalientes City was crowned the winner. González was crowned by outgoing Nuestra Belleza Aguascalientes titleholder Estefanía Herrera. Seven contestants competed for the title.

</doc>
<doc id="31123611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123611" title="Volleyball jump serve">
Volleyball jump serve

The Volleyball jump Serve is a type of volleyball serve where the player increases the power and height of their serve by jumping into the hit. The Jump Serve itself was popularized by Beach volleyball legend Karch Kiraly and made prolific during the 2000 Sydney Olympics beach volleyball games by Gold medalist Eric Fonoimoana.

</doc>
<doc id="31123617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123617" title="Ben Nunn">
Ben Nunn

Benn Nunn (born 24 September 1990) is an English footballer who plays as a right back for Boreham Wood.
Career.
Nunn started his career at Boston United and made one first team appearance for the League Two club in a 3-0 defeat to Hereford United in April 2007. Nunn left Boston 2007 following their double relegation to the Conference North to join Conference Premier side Rushden & Diamonds on a scholar deal, making his only appearance in a 3-0 defeat to Grays Athletic before his release in summer 2008. After a successful trial, Nunn joined Southern Football League Premier side Cambridge City in August 2008. After a year at Cambridge, Nunn joined Conference South side Bishop's Stortford in 2009, before joining fellow Conference South side Chelmsford City in March 2010. Nunn left the club in May 2012, as the club failed to pay the players wages from March 2012. In July 2012, Nunn joined Conference South side Boreham Wood after impressing in a trial period.

</doc>
<doc id="31123638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123638" title="Coastwatch Europe">
Coastwatch Europe

Coastwatch Europe is a voluntary organisation which monitors the coastal and wetland environments of several European countries, campaigns for improvements to environmental policies and for the implementation of existing environmental legislation, and organises public information events and seminars. The scope of activities of coastwatch organisations in different countries varies, but all member countries participate in the annual Coastwatch Survey of coastal litter and pollution. The Coastwatch Survey in Ireland provided strong positive feedback in relation to the plastic bag levy within a year of its introduction and the number of plastic bags per kilometer continued to fall to less than 10% of 2001 levels.
Coastwatch Europe's international co-ordinator is Karin Dubsky.
History.
Coastwatch Europe began as The Dublin Bay Environment Group, which became the Irish Coastal Environment Group as more national issues were covered by their agenda, and then Coastwatch Europe, as volunteers established networks in other countries to organise participation in the international litter and pollution survey.

</doc>
<doc id="31123650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123650" title="White River Mess Hall and Dormitory">
White River Mess Hall and Dormitory

The White River Mess Hall and Dormitory is the only remaining Civilian Conservation Corps camp structure remaining in Mount Rainier National Park. The wood-framed building was built in 1933, and comprises 2185 square feet, originally containing a kitchen dining room, living room, two bathrooms, a bedroom and a bunkroom, as well as a service porch. The building no longer serves as a residence and is used for storage. It is located at the White River entrance to the park, part of a complex of service buildings. 
The mess hall was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 13, 1991. It is included in the White River Entrance Historic District. It is part of the Mount Rainier National Historic Landmark District, which encompasses the entire park and which recognizes the park's inventory of Park Service-designed rustic architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="31123653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123653" title="Zeppelin (iPod speaker system)">
Zeppelin (iPod speaker system)

The Zeppelin (iPod Speaker System) is a group of speaker systems sold, designed, and manufactured by the English audio company Bowers & Wilkins for use with the iPod. . The original speaker, the Zeppelin, was on sale from 2006-2011." WhatHiFi" considered that it "set the benchmark for premium iPod speaker docks".
The device has now been updated, and renamed the Zeppelin Air. It received substantial reviews by "PC magazine", which rated it "excellent", and from "What HiFi". The firm also uses the Zeppelin brand to market the Zeppelin Mini, which was reviewed by "PCmag", and What HiFi<WHFair />, in connection with their Zeppelin Air reviews. What HiFi said that "despite its smaller stature, there was no dip in sound quality."

</doc>
<doc id="31123659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123659" title="C. monspeliensis">
C. monspeliensis

C. monspeliensis may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31123671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123671" title="Thomas Carnduff">
Thomas Carnduff

Thomas Carnduff, writer, was born on 30 January 1886 in Belfast and died in that city on 15 April 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="31123674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123674" title="Education policy in Brazil">
Education policy in Brazil

Education policy in Brazil has been given importance by the federal and local governments since 1995. At that time, the government of President Fernando Henrique Cardoso and the Brazilian Ministry of Education began to pursue three areas of national education policy:
According to the World Bank, these national education policies have tracked with global best practice, and implementation has been sustained and effective in improving performance and outcomes of education in Brazil. Though Brazil has made significant strides in improving labor force skills, Brazil is below average with respect to learning levels, secondary completion rates, and student flow efficiency, when compared to OECD and other middle-income countries. In addition, non-attendance rates and drop-out rates have also been on the increase. Moreover, these factors are especially high in lower income areas where the quality of education largely remains below the expected levels. These have been the recent targets of education policy.
Constitutional rights to education.
The Brazilian federal government legislates direction for national education, develops national educational plans, and provides technical and financial assistance to the states, the Federal District, and to municipalities for the development of educational systems. The Federal Constitution of Brazil outlines the educational rights of Brazilian citizens in Title VIII, Chapter III, Section 1.
In the early and mid 1990's, Brazil faced a variety of educational challenges:
Education finance equalization policies.
To reduce inequality and variation in per student spending between different regions and schools, in 1996, the government introduced and expanded education finance equalization policies, in particular through the creation of FUNDEF (1996–2006) and FUNDEB (2006–present), both of which entailed policies about allocation of education funding and increases in overall funding of education.
FUNDEF.
The Fund for Maintenance and Development of the Fundamental Education and Valorization of Teaching (Fundo para Manutenção e Desenvolvimento do Ensino Fundamental e Valorização do Magistério (FUNDEF)) was introduced in 1996 to reform the funding of education in Brazil. It was established to make sure that money mandated by the constitution is actually spent on education and to establish a per student spending floor for the whole country. The policy mandated redistribution of funds within states across municipalities, so that all municipalities could reach the per student spending requirement. Additionally, federal government then supplemented spending in states and municipalities that could not afford the national spending floor. Finally, FUNDEF required that 60% of spending go towards teacher salaries and 40% go towards school operations.
In 1998, when FUNDEF was implemented, 30.6 billion reais(R$) were redistributed to six different states. Overall spending increased from approximately 2% of GDP in 1995 to 4% of GDP in 2008. Additionally, teacher salaries increased by an average of 70% in the first few years of implementation. According to research done by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD), FUNDEF played an important role in increasing enrollment rates over that period, particularly in small municipalities. It was, however, limited in scope, entailing the investment of funds only to elementary education and expiring in September 2006 when it reached 10 years of creation.
FUNDEB.
On January 24, 2006, the House of Representatives approved the Proposal for Amendment to the Constitution creating the Fund for the Development of Basic Education and Appreciation of the Teaching Profession (Fundo de Manutenção e Desenvolvimento da Educação Básica e de Valorização de Profissionais de Educação (FUNDEB)), intended to finance elementary education (kindergarten, preschool, elementary, and high school education).
FUNDEB was made effective for fourteen years and has been gradually implemented. It was formed by allocating 20% of resources from state and federal taxes, and distributed these among each State and Municipality in proportion to the number of students enrolled. FUNDEB entailed committing R$2 billion in the first year, R$2.9 billion in the second year, R$3.7 billion in the third and R$4.5 billion in the fourth year and successive. It extended the financing equalization introduced under FUNDEF to secondary school and pre-school education, in order to ensure funding of basic education for all students in Brazil. FUNDEB also explicitly ensured funding for indigenous communities. As a result, FUNDEB increased the volume of federal funds committed to basic education by ten times, injecting new funds into all the stages of basic education and allocating resources for programs targeted to youth and adults.
The main objective of FUNDEB is to continue to redistribute resources related to education across the country, taking into account the social and economic development of regions. The federal government provides supplementary funds targeted to regions where the investment per student is below the minimum value for each year, allocating funds according to the number of students in basic education based on school census data from the previous year. Additionally, federal, state, and municipal councils, empowered by the Ministry of Education, provide monitoring and control of distribution, transfer and use of program resources.
Conditional cash transfer policies.
Brazil offers Conditional Cash Transfers (CCTs) to students, and as of January 2011 has one of the largest CCT programs of any country. The transfers are currently paid to 26% of the population.
Bolsa Escola.
Bolsa Escola is a cash transfer program that provided cash payments to poor families with children ages 6 to 15 in exchange for their enrollment in school and their attendance of at least 85% of school days. The program was first implemented in 1995 by the municipalities of Brasília (the Federal District) and Campinas (in São Paulo State). Within three years, over 50 municipalities in seven states implemented similar programs. After these successful local CCT experiences in the mid-1990s, CCTs gained momentum in Congress, prompting President Fernando Henrique Cardoso's government to create the Federal Bolsa Escola program in April 2001.
By the end of 2001, it had been implemented in 98% of the 5,561 Brazilian municipalities, providing stipends to over 8.2 million children from 4.8 million families, at a cost of over US$700 million. In October 2003, President Luis Inacio Lula da Silva unified Bolsa Escola and three other federal cash transfer programs into a single program called Bolsa Família.
Bolsa Família.
Bolsa Família (Family Allowance) is a social welfare program which provides financial aid to poor Brazilian families. Families must ensure that their children attend school and are vaccinated. The program's dual aims are to reduce short-term poverty by direct cash aid, and fight long-term poverty by increasing educational and experiential skills among the poor through conditional cash grants.
The Economist described Bolsa Família as an "anti-poverty scheme invented in Latin America" (which) "is winning converts worldwide." Bolsa Familia is currently the largest conditional cash transfer program in the world, though the Mexican program Oportunidades was the first nation-wide program of this kind.
The Bolsa Familia program has been mentioned as one factor contributing to the reduction of poverty in Brazil, which fell 27.7% during the first term in the Lula administration. About 12 million Brazilian families receive funds from Bolsa Família, which has been described as "the largest programme of its kind in the world."
Educational measurement.
The National Institute of Educational Studies and Research (Instituto Nacional de Estudos e Pesquisas Educacionais Anísio Teixeira (INEP)) is the assessment arm of the Ministry of Education. It was created in 1990 to collect, process and analyze data on education in Brazil.
The National Assessment of Basic Education and the Prova Brasil.
The National Assessment of Basic Education (Sistema Nacional de Avaliação da Educação Básica (SAEB)) and the "Prova Brasil" ("Test of Brazil") are two exams that make up the Evaluation System of Basic Education in Brazil.
The SAEB was the first national Brazilian initiative to measure the Brazilian educational system in depth. It was developed in the late 1980s and was first applied in 1990. In 1995, SAEB was restructured to allow for performance comparison from year to year. Since the first assessment, it has provided data on the quality of the educational systems of Brazil as a whole, geographic regions and the federal units (states and Federal Districts). The SAEB is carried out by INEP / Ministry of Education every two years. Tests on the Portuguese language and mathematics are taken by a sample of students enrolled in the 4th and 8th grades of elementary school and also the 3rd year of high school, in public and private schools located in both urban and rural areas. Results are aggregated for each state of Brazil and for Brazil as a whole.
The "Prova Brasil" assessment was established in 2005, due to a desire for more detail beyond that included in the SAEB. It expanded the range of results providing data not only for Brazil and Brazilian states, but also for each municipality and school participant. The "Prova Brasil" assesses all students in public urban education in the 4th and 8th grades of elementary school, public elementary education in state schools, municipal and federal levels of rural and urban schools that have at least 20 students enrolled in the grade assessed. The methodology of the two evaluations is the same and they have been used in combination since 2007, but students take one or the other and never both.
The results of the SAEB and "Prova Brasil" are distributed to the public of Brazil and anyone can view the results online.
Index of Basic Education Quality.
In 2007, the Brazilian Ministry of Education implemented the Index of Basic Education Quality (Indice de Desenvolvimento da Educacao Basica (IDEB)) to monitor education progress in every school, municipality, state and region of Brazil. The IDEB builds on the SAEB and the "Prova Brasil", combining the results of the "Prova Brasil" test with data on student enrollments and rates of repetition and graduation to generate an index of school performance for all but the smallest of Brazil's 175,000 primary and secondary schools, 5,000-plus municipal school systems, 26 state systems and the federal district systems. The results of IDEB studies are reported twice a year, and receive media coverage. Based upon the findings, the federal government establishes targets for improvement of primary and secondary education across schools.
In the initial years of IDEB's implementation, 2007–2009, it was found that over 70% of municipalities either reached or exceeded targets set by the Ministry of Education and INEP for early primary education.
Educational performance and outcomes.
According to data from the SAEB/Proval Brasil from 1999 to 2007, there is evidence that educational performance is improving in all regions of Brazil. Performance for the lowest income students has also improved. According to the World Bank, Brazil increased PISA scores more for the lowest income groups than the highest income groups. However, gaps in school attendance and learning levels still remain between different income groups.
PISA learning outcomes.
The Program for International Student Assessment (PISA) test is designed to measure trends in countries' average student scores over time, relative to a mean score of 500 achieved by the OECD countries as a group in the year 2000.
Brazil has participated in PISA since 2000. Brazil had the strongest improvement in math and 3rd largest improvement overall (after Luxembourg and Chile) between 2000 and 2009 on PISA, but its absolute scores are still low compared to other participants. For example, 60% of students still scored below 400-showing that they lacked basic numeracy skills—compared with 14% across the OECD and 3-5% in top performing countries Shanghai and Korea. Additionally, Brazil falls behind others in the LAC (Latin American and Caribbean) region, including Chile, Uruguay and Mexico; and LAC countries as a whole trail the OECD average performance. According to the World Bank, "The gap in math skills between the average student in Shanghai and the average Brazilian student is approximately 5 school years."
Student attendance.
After the expansion in education policies, enrollment rates in primary and lower-secondary education have increased. The percentage of children who finish primary education has increased from 42% to 71%, and the percentage of children who complete secondary school has increased from 28% to 55%. Additionally, in 1993 secondary education was often attained only when students came from parents who had attained secondary education. As of 2009, students complete between 9 and 11 years of schooling regardless of the schooling level of their parents, which ranges from 0–10 years. According to the 2007 National Household Sample Survey carried out by the Brazilian Institute for Geography and Statistics (IBGE), 97.6% of children between 7 and 14 years old are in school, 27 million students. Children that are not in school tend to belong to afro-descendent, indigenous and quilombola or poor communities, as well as children with disabilities or at-risk youth.
Non-attendance in schools is still a concern in parts of the country. As per estimates given by the IBGE, in more wealthy states, 95% of the children enroll from the beginning. However, in lower income regions, the rate of children enrolling at the beginning is recorded between 60% and 80%. According to a UNICEF survey, 35% of children complete fifth grade education in Brazil.
New developments in policy.
Raising teacher quality and training.
The Ministry of Education has begun to introduce new standards for teachers, federally supported, higher quality teacher training programs and textbook screening and production. Such investment includes programs such as Mais Educacao, and the expansion of the federal technical schools. The federal government has also invested in policies like school-level planning under FUNDESCOLA, multi-grade teaching under Escola Ativa and capacity building for municipal education managers, with PAR.
Participation of non-governmental organizations.
There are some examples of Brazilian government officials engaging with non-governmental organizations to support or manage teachers and schools:
Partnerships with Brazilian companies.
The presidents of several Brazilian companies, including DPaschoal car parts chain, the Gerdau Group and major banks Itaú, Bradesco and Santander, founded All for Education(See Todos Pela Educacao in Portuguese), and developed goals for Brazil's education and monitoring tools with help of U.S. and Brazilian education experts. All for Education engaged academic and media channels to help promote education as a national priority, and according to a poll by CNO/IBOPE education moved from the seventh biggest public concern to second, after crime.

</doc>
<doc id="31123678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123678" title="Søren Pind">
Søren Pind

Søren Pind (born 20 November 1969) is a Danish politician, and a member of the center-right party Venstre.
Pind was born in Herning, and served in the Copenhagen city government from 1994 to 2005. Søren Pind is considered more liberal than most other members of his party. In 2003, he was part of a group of party members who issued the "ten liberal theses," a document unsuccessfully challenging the direction the party was taking under Prime Minister Anders Fogh Rasmussen.
He was appointed to the cabinet of Lars Løkke Rasmussen during a cabinet reshuffle in February 2010, becoming Minister for Development Cooperation. He was appointed Minister for Refugees, Immigrants and Integration on 8 March 2011, thus holding double ministerial office.
Pind's term as minister ended on 4 October 2011, after the center-left coalition prevailed in the 2011 parliamentary election.

</doc>
<doc id="31123685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123685" title="St George's Church, Goltho">
St George's Church, Goltho

St George's Church, Goltho, is a redundant Anglican church in the former village of Goltho, Lincolnshire, England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building, and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church was situated in a field surrounded by a clump of trees, and could be approached only by footpaths. It stood to the south of the A158 road, southwest of Wragby, and northeast of Lincoln. The church was all that remained of a deserted medieval village, but was badly damaged by fire in October 2013.
History.
The nave of the church was built in about 1530 by the Grantham family of Goltho Hall (now demolished), and the chancel was added in about 1600. Alterations and additions were made in the early 18th century and in the late 19th century.
The church was severely damaged by fire on 21 October 2013, leaving only the walls and bellcote standing, the most likely cause being a lightning strike.
Architecture.
St George's was constructed in red brick, and had a tiled roof with wooden eaves. Its plan was simple, consisting of a nave with a bellcote at the west end, and a narrower, lower chancel. Entry to the church was by the west door, above which was a blocked window. The bellcote had a single round-headed opening. On the north side of the church was a small opening high on the wall and, to the east, a large rectangular window. In the north wall of the chancel was a large window with a pointed head. At the east end was a blind oval window. The south wall of the chancel contained a single large pointed window, and there was a large rectangular window in the south wall of the nave. Immediately to the west of this window was part of the arch of a blocked doorway.
Inside the church, the walls were painted white, and the fittings pale blue. There were niches in the north and south walls of the nave. Two 17th-century gravestones were incorporated into the floor of the nave. The fittings included a double-decker pulpit, a reredos, box pews, carved altar rails, and carved bench ends.
External features.
The churchyard contains the war grave of a Royal Air Force officer of the First World War.

</doc>
<doc id="31123686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123686" title="Time in Algeria">
Time in Algeria

Algeria Standard Time or DPRA Standard Time is the time zone for the Algeria. It is 1 hour ahead of GMT/UTC () and is co-linear with neighboring Tunisia.
IANA time zone database.
The IANA time zone database contains one zone for Algeria in the file zone.tab.

</doc>
<doc id="31123709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123709" title="2002–03 Valencia CF season">
2002–03 Valencia CF season

Valencia CF did not succeed defending their La Liga title, finishing in a mere 5th place. "Los Che" also got to the quarter finals of the UEFA Champions League, where former coach Héctor Cúper and Inter got the upper hand over Valencia and Rafael Benítez. The main player during the season was Pablo Aimar, who was the only player making waves in the season, where the previously solid defense did not perform as previously.

</doc>
<doc id="31123711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123711" title="John Eliot (died 1685)">
John Eliot (died 1685)

John Eliot (18 October 1612 – March 1685) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1640 and from 1660 to 1685..
Eliot was the son of Sir John Eliot of Port Eliot. He was educated at Blundell's School in Tiverton and at Lincoln College, Oxford. He travelled in France in 1631 and 1632 and succeeded to an estate of £1,500 per annum on the death of his father in 1632.
In April 1640, Eliot was elected Member of Parliament for St Germans in the Short Parliament. He played little part in the English Civil War but was on the County Committee in 1644. He was voted £7,000 compensation by the Long Parliament in 1647 for damage to his estates caused by the Royalists.
In 1660, Eliot was elected MP for St Germans in the Convention Parliament and was re-elected to the Cavalier Parliament in 1661. He sat until 1679. 
Eliot died at the age of 72 and was buried at St Germans on 25 March 1685.
Eliot married Honora Norton, daughter of Sir Daniel Norton of Southwick Hampshire.

</doc>
<doc id="31123712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123712" title="Nuestra Belleza Guanajuato 2011">
Nuestra Belleza Guanajuato 2011

Nuestra Belleza Guanajuato 2011, was held at the Club de Leones of Pénjamo, Guanajuato on July 15, 2011. At the conclusion of the final night of competition, Mariana Berumen of León was crowned the winner. Berumen was crowned by outgoing Nuestra Belleza Guanajuato titleholder Helena Baca. Seven contestants competed for the title.

</doc>
<doc id="31123733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123733" title="Leonard Fell">
Leonard Fell

Leonard Fell (died 1700), was an English Quaker.
Life.
Fell was the son of Thomas Fell, gentleman, of Beckliff, or Baycliff, Lancashire (now Cumbria), and in his early life occupied some position of trust in the house of his relative, Thomas Fell, at Swarthmoor. He appears to have become a Quaker in 1652. Between 1654 and 1657 he was repeatedly sent to prison for interrupting services, and in 1661 was imprisoned for some religious offence at Leicester. Most of his time seems to have been spent in preaching excursions, although till 1665 at least he retained his situation at Swarthmore, and in this year he was imprisoned in Lancaster Castle for being at an illegal conventicle. He had some property at Addingham, Cumberland, and in 1666 was sent to prison at the suit of the vicar of that place for refusing to pay tithes, but owing to the vicar's death he was discharged within a fortnight.
He suffered a long imprisonment in 1668 for having attended a meeting at Swarthmore and then refusing the oaths, and in 1672 he was again imprisoned for refusing to pay tithes to Theo. Aimes, vicar of Baycliff, but was a second time released by the death of his suitor. For preaching at a meeting on the shore of Windermere he was fined, and two years later was fined again by the justices of Westmoreland for the same offence. In the intervals between his imprisonments he was engaged in ministerial work, chiefly in the northern counties and in Wales, and his preaching is said to have been of an earnest and loving character rather than argumentative or doctrinal. In September 1684 he was sent to gaol for more than a month for absenting himself from the parish church, and immediately after his release was again arrested and incarcerated for about eight weeks for the same offence.
In 1699 Fell went on a preaching tour in northern England, with Benjamin Holme and Joseph Kirkbride. He died while on a preaching excursion at Darlington in 1700, having been a minister nearly fifty years.
He is known to have been married, but had no family. His character was amiable rather than strong, but on occasion he could be fearless. It is said that being once plundered by a highwayman, he said that though he would not give his life for his horse or money, he would for the robber's soul, whereupon the man returned both horse and money. Fell was a man of little education.
Works.
Fell wrote:

</doc>
<doc id="31123741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123741" title="Monspeliensis">
Monspeliensis

Monspeliensis or monspeliense, from Montpellier in Latin, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31123781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123781" title="Radical 75">
Radical 75

Radical 75 meaning "tree" is 1 of 34 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of four strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 1369 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.
In the Chinese Wu Xing ("Five Phases"), 木 represents the element Wood.

</doc>
<doc id="31123797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123797" title="Matthew Bryan-Amaning">
Matthew Bryan-Amaning

Matthew Osei Bryan-Amaning (born May 9, 1988) is a British professional basketball player for Olympique Antibes of the French League.
College career.
Bryan-Amaning played four season for the University of Washington Huskies, during the 2010–11 season he averaged 16 points and 8 rebounds. Some of his best performances included 30 points against Arizona State on January 22, 15 rebounds against Oregon State January 8, and 4 steals and 7 blocks in a narrow 87-86 loss at Arizona on February 19. Such performances led to Bryan-Amaning being named Pac-10's most improved player and first team All-Pac-10. At the 2011 Pacific-10 Conference Men's Basketball Tournament Bryan-Amaning helped the Huskies to their third Pac-12 tournament championship.
Professional career.
NBA.
Following graduation, Bryan-Amaning was touted as a late second-round pick in the 2011 NBA draft, but went undrafted and decided to begin his career in Europe. In 2012, he was a member of the New Orleans Hornets squad in the NBA Summer League, where he averaged 2.2 ppg and 2.2 rpg with a 75 FT%. In 2013, Bryan-Amaning was again asked to play in the NBA Summer League, this time with the Chicago Bulls. He averaged 3.2 ppg, 3.0 rpg and 1.6 bpg, including a 5-block outing against the Portland Trail Blazers.
Europe.
Bryan-Amaning began his professional career with Hacettepe Üniversitesi of the Turkish Basketball League after signing a one-year contract with the club in July 2011. He signed with Serbian team Radnički Kragujevac for the 2012–13 season, where he averaged 8.2 points and 3.2 rebounds per game in the Adriatic League. In October 2013, he signed a short-term deal with his hometown club London Lions of the British Basketball League, after a deal with Korean side Anyang KGC fell through. On October 29, 2013, he signed with Olympique Antibes. 
British national team.
Bryan-Amaning began his international career at Under-16 level with England in 2004, moving up to Under-18 level and then into the Under-20 ranks with Great Britain in 2008, where he was ranked fourth among all players in the European Championships in blocked shots with 1.6 per game, as well as 12th in scoring, including a 41-point haul against the Czech Republic.
Bryan-Amaning made his senior debut for Great Britain against Canada in 2010. His best performance for GB came at the 2011 London Invitational where he averaged 1.7ppg and 2.7rpg against strong international competition including Croatia, China and France.

</doc>
<doc id="31123807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123807" title="Justin Storms">
Justin Storms

Justin Storms (born 1981 in Corpus Christi, Texas) is an American artist and musician.
Art.
Storms' work primarily revolves around a post-apocalyptic whaling Dystopia which he refers to as a "Whaletopia." Stylistically his work is airy and serene with gritty themes dealing with: overpopulation, global warming, extinction, war, death, whaling, mysticism, sex, and maritime history. His work has been compared to Hieronymus Bosch and Géricault.
Justin Storms has exhibited in museums, art fairs, and galleries worldwide. A few being The Drawing Center, Preview Berlin, Arthouse at the Jones Center for The New American Talent 23 exhibition in Austin, Walters Art Museum, Loop Gallery in Berlin, Stolenspace Gallery in London, and Parker's Box in Brooklyn. 
In 2008 Justin Storms graduated from Maryland Institute College of Art and attended the Triangle Artist Workshop in Brooklyn, NY. In 2008 he was invited to attend the University of Berlin's "Karl Hofer Gesellschaft," where he exhibited work for the emerging art fair: "Preview Berlin" which was held at the historic Berlin Tempelhof Airport. In 2009, he was awarded Switzerland's "AKKU" residency, located outside of Zurich from 2009-2010. He was commissioned to press 50 copies of the "Whaletopian Coloring Book" by AKKU. In 2010 he was invited to attend the Triangle International Residency in Brooklyn, NY.
Music.
Richard Guerrero of the Corpus Christi Caller Times said, "while classic influences such as Roy Orbison and the Everly Brothers as well as Nick Cave and Glenn Danzig are obvious, Justin's morose wail is a fresh one in an age of cut-and-paste digitized rock."
In 2011 Wailin Storms performed at the Mid-Atlantic College Radio Conference, also known as the Macrock festival, in Harrisonburg, VA.
Press.
Storms' work has appeared in The New Yorker, Cabinet Magazine, Baltimore City Paper, Glasstire, Art Fag City, Locus Art Magazine, and Zurich's: Tages Anzeiger Oberland.

</doc>
<doc id="31123814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123814" title="Nuestra Belleza Oaxaca 2011">
Nuestra Belleza Oaxaca 2011

Nuestra Belleza Oaxaca 2011, was held in the Teatro Macedonio Alcalá in Oaxaca, Oaxaca on June 3, 2011. At the conclusion of the final night of competition, Teresa Raviela of Río Grande was crowned the winner. Raviela was crowned by outgoing Nuestra Belleza Oaxaca titleholder, Alejandra Scherenberg. Six contestants competed for the title.

</doc>
<doc id="31123837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123837" title="Magnesium deficiency">
Magnesium deficiency

Magnesium deficiency is a nutritional deficiency which can affect both plants and animals
Magnesium deficiency may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31123839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31123839" title="Arberesh Orthodox Church">
Arberesh Orthodox Church

The Arberesh Orthodox Church ("Qisha Ortodokse Arbëreshe") is an Orthodox Christian Church that serves the minority Orthodox Christian community of the Arberesh people of Italy.
Its head church is in Acquaformosa near Cosenza and is headed by Father Giovanni Capparelli, who is a subordinate of the Patriarch of Moscow. 
The patron saints of the Arberesh Orthodox Church are Saint John of Kronstadt and Saint Catherine Megalomartyr. This church is also notorious for the amount of chickens it contains.

</doc>
