<doc id="30980571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980571" title="Truman Lowe">
Truman Lowe

Truman Tennis Lowe is a Ho-Chunk sculptor and installation artist living in Wisconsin. A professor of fine art at the University of Wisconsin, Lowe is the former curator of contemporary art at the National Museum of the American Indian. He is known for large site-specific installation pieces utilizing natural materials.
Background.
Early life.
Lowe was born in Black River Falls, Wisconsin on the Ho-Chunk Nation of Wisconsin reservation to Mabel Davis and Martin Lowe. The youngest of six siblings, Truman was thirteen years younger than his sister, Irene. Mabel worked a variety of positions as a cook at the local Mission School and as a laundress. When at home in Black River Falls, Martin was a farmer as well as traveling as a seasonal worker, picking blueberries and cranberries throughout the state. Surrounded often by close family, Winnebago was the language spoken at home. As a child, Lowe attended school at the Black River Indian Mission until grade 6, switching in 1957 to the non-Native school in Black River Falls proper.
Starting in 1960 he worked during the summer at the Wisconsin Dells, "playing Indian" amongst other Native performers during an evening performance for tourists. Other summers he worked for the Dells Chamber of Commerce, dressing up in an "Indian costume" to greet tourists as they walked the streets, and serving as a tour guide on the Dell's excursion boats, again in "costume". Lowe's experience as a "stereotype" tour guide would later influence aspects of his work.
Higher Education.
Graduating from New Lisbon High School in the early 1960s, he applied and was accepted by the University of Wisconsin-La Crosse. After switching majors, he settled on art education, studied all aspects of fine art media. Mid-way through his college experience he left in 1964 to work in a factory assembly line. In 1966 he married Nancy Knabe, whom he met when working in the Dells. A non-Native, of German and Norwegian descent, they were married at her family's church, Lyster Lutheran in Church Valley, Wisconsin. After their marriage, Nancy taught high school Home Economics while Lowe finished his undergraduate degree. 
Upon graduation, the couple moved to Valders, Wisconsin where, while creating artwork on his spare time, he taught elementary and secondary art classes. After teaching for two years, Lowe was accepted to the University of Wisconsin-Madison for fine arts, sponsored by a Ford Foundation fellowship. On October 2, 1971, his daughter Tonia Alison was born. 
Lowe on his reasons for returning to obtain his Masters:
"I knew how to teach, but I wanted access to current information, and as much information as I could get my hands on, in order to be able to better help my students."
Teaching career and National Museum of the American Indian.
After graduating in 1973, the Lowes moved to Emporia, Kansas where Truman was a visiting art lecturer at Emporia State University, teaching only for about two years before returning to Madison, serving as assistant dean of Multicultural Programming at University of Wisconsin. In 1975, Nancy gave birth to their second child, son Martin Howard ("Kunu"), and that same year Lowe was given a joint appointment at Madison in the Native American studies program, as well as assistant professor of sculpture, which he retained until 1988. 
While exhibiting and working on his art work, Lowe becomes tenured at University of Wisconsin-Madison, also being promoted to associate professor of art in 1984. After being promoted to professor of art in 1989, Lowe was elected as chair of the art department from 1992–1995. 
In 2000 Lowe was appointed the curator of contemporary art for the National Museum of the American Indian. Taking a leave of absence from the university, Lowe curated the inaugural exhibition featuring artists George Morrison (Ojibwe) and Allan Houser (Chiricahua), remaining as curator until 2008.
Fine art career.
Family and Winnebago influence.
As a child, Lowe would collect rocks along the Black River, scratching the river rocks together to create drawings by using the smaller rocks as pastels upon larger rocks. Eventually Lowe experimented with using rocks as pigment with substances such as motor oil and Vaseline. Disappointed with this process, he explored nature by creating drawings of "how snow sits on trees," and taking his study hall time in the high school art room.
While growing up, his family created "craft" objects, which provided minor supplemental income to the family. His mother made split-ash baskets while his father made the wooden handles for the baskets, and both of his parents created beadwork. Even the children learned the skills to create these family works, Lowe learning beadwork by kerosene lamp in the evening as a young man. These Lowe family creations were made for the tourist trade, delivering the freshly made creations by station wagon to the Wisconsin Dells, providing an offset from the seasonal farming positions the family participated in. During the summer, when the family was involved in seasonal work, they sold their crafts from a roadside stand they traveled with. 
Like many other Native artists Lowe was instilled with a degree of comfort regarding the creative practice of creation within the household. He wasn't aware of the Western idea of making a living full-time by art until he attended university. At university he fully delved into the concepts and creations revolving within Western art history; a social prestige regarding artistic creation, unlike his parents who would be considered "craftspeople." 
Lowe's first artist interest was Michelangelo of whom he spoke:
"Although my parents made a partial living weaving baskets, the two concepts of 'profession' and 'art' never came together in my mind until... college... I read everything I could get my hands on about Michelangelo...He was the first artist I'd met through my studies who went to work everyday and was paid by his patrons [and employers for making art. Obviously, I learned encyclopedias from the work, but the practical lesson was that art could be a profession as well as a passion."
Early works during college.
Lowe's early work was inspired heavily by the education he was receiving. Paintings showing exercises in abstraction and geometric patterns in the style of Frank Stella are seen in paintings like "Suzy" (1968) and color theory works such as "Yellow Over Green" and "Yellow Over Red" (1969), the latter two which have since been destroyed. Working in clay, Lowe created egg-shaped sculptures that sat on coiled stands, "Collection of Eggs" and "Unmatched Halves" (c. 1968), giving a fantasy yet comic feel to his early experiments in art.
Sculpture classes taught him about the power of the line in artworks and its placement in nature. Lowe studied the works of Brâncuși, where he familiarized himself with geometry in sculpture, and Henry Moore's works regarding scale in sculpture. And with the popularity of plastic in the 1960s Lowe expanded his mediums to complete 3-D works including a life-size toaster of sheet plastic made from a sandwich sealer, complete with pieces of toast in the slot, recalling the soft sculpture works of Claes Oldenburg at the time. His first undergraduate installation "Laundry Bags" (1969), showing a pile of clear plastic trash bags filled with colored rags piled in the corner of an exhibition space. This large-scale installation work would be a hallmark for Lowe's work in the future and throughout his career. 
Continuing to experiment with plastics, "I looked at all kinds of plastic: clear, different thickness, some milky. I also liked it because it was so big, so flexible, so easy to store, and so cheap." Experimenting with layering, Lowe used plastic as his canvas, drawing with black and color markers to create a transparent yet uniformed design upon the plastic. His simple minimalistic works represented the concepts of transparency, pictorial depth, surface and illusion, reminiscent of works by Dorothea Rockburne. 
His M.F.A. exhibition in spring of 1973 showcased these experimental installations. Long plastic sheets cut into fringe, draped around or sandwiched between sheets of Plexiglas that hung from the ceiling with raw fluorescent light behind the plastic. Influenced by Larry Bell's work to create a space where the work was indistinguishable from its surroundings, Lowe states about the exhibition:
I arranged the pieces haphazardly in that space. I wanted to create an environment where one just moved from piece to piece without having the chance to stand back and think about the piece as a real object. I wanted to eliminate all that.
Upon meeting George Morrison, Lowe found a role model. Morrison's Midwestern heritage and ability to blend in and out of Native and non-Native art communities provided a unique opportunity to explore involvement and separate from and within Native art worlds.
Red Power.
During his return to obtain his Masters, the University of Wisconsin-Madison was a hotbed of activism regarding the Vietnam War, while in Indian Country the Red Power movement was taking shape. Aware of the energy brewing in Native America, Lowe focused on school:
I didn't have the luxury - and I consider it a luxury - of being a protester because my focus was concentrated on getting information. I knew I wasn't going to be in that position for very long. I wanted to participate in gathering whatever information I could in the time I had, and I wanted to bring it all together, really to see what would happen. I needed time to work by myself.
Despite lack of time to focus on protesting and involvement in political movements, Lowe made a six-hour trip to hear Native activist and writer Vine Deloria, Jr. speak. Speaking about the need for Native peoples to take advantage of educational and economic opportunities in order to widen Native opportunities, Lowe chose to make that his mantra for his life choices and career.
Time in Kansas.
Moving to Kansas in 1973 for a teaching position, the Lowe family lived on a farm. During this time Lowe realized " was really a Woodland Indian," owing to the lack of diversity in the landscape - he missed Wisconsin. However, Lowe's time in Kansas would not be without its benefits. Departing from plastics, he began to experiment with wood, and found natural objects. Creating assemblage pieces, abandoning synthetic materials completely. Living away from Wisconsin allowed Lowe to become aware of his heritage and environment, allowing him to re-embrace the nature of the Upper Midwestern environment and bring his own unique contemporary spin on skills learned within his family - woodworking and basketry. 
This move towards natural materials coincided with the popularity of the back-to-the-land movement. Lowe discovered the Foxfire books as popular culture discovered the concept of the "ecological Indian".
Return to Wisconsin.
Upon returning to Wisconsin and joining faculty at the University, Lowe's work began to become embraced by viewers and critics as contemporary Indian art. Through interviews Lowe connected each work to unique techniques and traditions of Native concepts of craft and fine art. His work in the late 1970s embraced his own "analysis of traditional Indian techniques," depicting war shields heavily decorated with feathers and often simple in their look. Celebrating the Native symbolism behind the feather as a rewarding, powerful object seen within many communities, it became an important part of his works and installations.
Storytelling works.
Like many contemporary Native American artists, Lowe chooses his medium to explore the stories and experiences of Native peoples, allowing his artwork to serve as a form of cultural survival. The cosmology of the Winnebago people is told through a massive wooden sculpture "Red Banks" (1991), consisting entirely of wood at 12 × 37 × 8 feet. "Red Banks" serves as a visual analogy for oral tradition and myth, as well showing the framework upon which survival rests. 
At the premier of "Red Banks" Lowe embraced the importance of the artist as a storyteller and archivist of culture:
Since Winnebago history is largely oral, tribal artists have a particularly important role to play in preserving tradition as well as making non-Indians aware of Winnebago culture.
Other stories told through Lowe's work include the smallpox epidemic on the Black River Falls Indian Mission in 1901 ("Wooden Pole Construction", 1983), serving as what has been described a "contemporary version of the mnemonic device," an idea that flows throughout his entire catalog of work. Personal stories are also reflected on through works like "Feather Tree" (1990), which honors his grandmother and the land she lived in. Lowe's work has also flowed into two dimensional drawings, where he has chosen to honor his mother's legacy.
Preserving historical Native aspects.
Many of Lowe's works also embrace historically traditional works of Native peoples from the Winnebago, Woodland, and other Native American groups. The "Headdress Series" formed out of his interest in traditional Plains Indian regalia and a collection of pedestal and large scale sculptures incorporated the architecture of early shelters from the Woodlands communities. Many of his works have also incorporated other traditional Native objects frequently found within museum collections such as the work "Cradle Board" (1977–78) where Lowe used photographs found in the Wisconsin State Historical Society collections to serve as inspirations and putting his own twist on the concept of a cradle board. Many of the images from the historical society served as inspiration and research for his work, especially with housing and general community living in Winnebago communities and beyond.
Primitive housing and structures served as a way for Lowe to reflect on the disappearance of cultures in time, memory and history by way of an aesthetic. Their naked and simple—yet complexly built—designs reflect a "ghost like" presence of the past. In 1986 Lowe reflected on his sculpture work: "My real interest is structures, the sculptural aspect of primitive structures...what intrigues me is that something is very primitive yet at the same time, very universal."
Small and large installations began to emerge in Lowe's work depicting higher conceptions influenced by his son's interest in astronomy. Works such as the "Solstice" series and "Skychart" series depict abstract astrological charts and images inspired by the exploration of peoples to new areas and regions with guidance from the sky.
Major works and symbols.
Red Ochre Series.
In 1991 Lowe launched the first of site specific installations in a series called "Red Ochre". The first of the series, shown in Atlanta, Georgia, examined anthropological theories about human migration and early North American settlement, inspired by ancient burial sites and death rites. Further examinations of his work reveal the ideas of blending cultures, rituals and migration through time. 
In 1993 the second installation was placed at the Eiteljorg Museum of American Indians and Western Art in Indianapolis, Indiana. Lowe's work incorporated images of rock art, examining once again how cultures migration paths crossed by way of unifying natural artistic venues, with rock art serving as communication devices for cultures worldwide. In this work, Lowe invited the public to assist in the construction of the work to ensure the relevance of the piece.
Both expansive installations include the use of natural materials such as saplings, as well as brown paper, providing a rock like or textured look to selected mediums. However, both pieces were dramatically different, with the Eiteljorg work focusing heavily on murals and wall constructs, and the Atlanta work focusing on an exploratory forest-like environment.
Canoes.
If I have a religion, it must be canoeing...I canoe wherever there's water. It puts me in a totally different state of mind and provides all I need to exist. - Truman Lowe 
A classic symbol of Native America, the canoe has become a notable object scene throughout Lowe's work. A canoeist by recreation, Lowe attempts to reach beyond stereotypes and classic imagery by using the iconic canoe in his work. He also embraces his fascination with primitive structures, seeing the canoe both as a shelter and as a vehicle. Many of the canoes appear like wigwams; constructed wooden skeletons of various shapes and sizes, with curved aspects. The canoe is also represented mnemonically in selected works by way of highly constructed small sculptures.
The canoes are symbolic of journeys, from birth to death. The canoe's vaginal design and transportation characteristics provide it both male and female aspects in Lowe's eyes, "vehicle and vessel".
Water.
Water is seen throughout many of Lowe's works, including the canoes. Again, Lowe works in large scale installations and smaller sculptures. In the "Water Spirits," series, Lowe states "the "Water Spirits" pieces are really an effort to show some respect for natural forces as well as what we would call spiritual forces." Wood and debris combine to reflect seasonal changes, the fragility of these natural environments and the importance of the flow of water.
In 1992 Lowe was commissioned by the Minnesota Arts Commission for Cloquet Community College. The sculpture sits within a large grouping of pine trees, made of polished stainless steel it hovers a foot and a half above the ground, intertwining through the trees like a stream. Utilized as a bench, large rocks are also placed underneath from nearby riverbeds to be glimpsed at under thin slits cut into the steel to represent the flowing of the water. 
Other notable works of the series include "Ottawa" (1992), which represents the steep slopes where water rapidly flows amongst the three rivers near the National Gallery of Canada in Ottawa, Canada. Rows of unfinished strips of line "flow" in gradation representing a fast moving stream or roller coaster. An open structure that reflects the relationship between the river and its surroundings, it has been described as a high modernist work.
Shorelines and streambeds are also found in his sculptures. "Water Mound" (1994), a massive installation of wood, it represents sandbars that form during the changes of river systems. The river's edge is shown in other large installations such as "Maumee Reflection" (1987), depicting Lowe's vision of when land meets water at the confluence of three rivers near Fort Wayne, Indiana, where the work was displayed. 
Many of the water related works also depict aspects of basketry, with splints of wood which are usually used to form the shape of the basket. Again, Lowe shows another connection to his family and community creations, inspired by his mother's basketry work.
Grids.
In the tradition of modernism, Lowe uses the grid in selected works. Reflective of works by Sol LeWitt and Eva Hesse, grids are used as representations of mapping systems—a way to describe environments and landscapes in a two-dimensional way. Native American communities were not traditionally map makers, unlike Europeans and the major land-surveying programs that would invade young America. An important part of the Manifest Destiny ideal, the grid was used systematically to distribute equal land to colonists. The grid is also symbolic of archeological digs and is seen in major landscape works by Lowe such as "Effigy I" (1984).
Wood.
Many of Lowe's constructions are created from willow saplings, often the only material used in installations. Lowe collects the saplings from Wisconsin farms in the summertime, gathering a large amount, peeling off the bark, and sanding the resulting sticks to bring out the white in the sapling. Flexibility and strength are essential with willow, allowing Lowe to bend and manipulate the wood to his needs.

</doc>
<doc id="30980585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980585" title="A Cowboy's Song">
A Cowboy's Song

"A Cowboy's Song" is the fourteenth album released by the Sons of the San Joaquin.
Personnel.
Sons of the San Joaquin
Additional personnel

</doc>
<doc id="30980612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980612" title="Les Stone">
Les Stone

Les Stone (born in New York City, New York, 1959) is an American photojournalist. He has received several World Press Photo and Pictures of the Year International awards for his work spanning from 1989 to the present.
Biography.
In 1984 he graduated from Hampshire College with a BA in Photography. 
After graduation, Stone returned to New York City and worked in corporate and fashion photography. In 1986 he was hired as an assistant to the Metropolitan Transportation Authority photographer on Madison Avenue. Stone became the head photographer. For 4 years Stone worked at the MTA, photographing the entire transit system.
In 1987 for Stone's first overseas assignment he traveled to Port-au-Prince, Haiti to photograph the November 29th election.
On May 10, 1989 he photographed the bloody assault on the Vice President-elect of Panama Guillermo Ford by members of the Batallón Dignidad, a paramilitary group employed by Generalissimo Manuel Noriega. He was one of only two American photographers to capture the attack on camera. After the publicity of Stone's photographs, he was called by Sygma to work with them for the next 11 years. With Sygma, he traveled extensively throughout the world, covering conflict in the Middle East, Ethiopia, Afghanistan and Kurdistan. 
Stone's photographs have appeared in the following publications: National Geographic, the cover of Time, Life, Paris Match, Stern, Fortune, The New York Times, The New York Times Magazine, The Smithsonian Magazine, Newsweek, Mother Jones, Panorama, GEO, TV Guide, and US News and World Report. Les Stone has chronicled conflict in Iraq, Afghanistan, Israel, Kosovo, Liberia, Cambodia and Haiti. He worked on a documentary photo essay on the effects of Agent Orange in the Vietnamese countryside. He has traveled over 150 times to Haiti to cover Vodou ceremonies, political coups, and has produced a feature story on Haiti's Cholera epidemic. His photo essays also include the life of the Yanomami in the Amazon, Hurricane Katrina in New Orleans, and health issues of coal mining communities in Appalachia. In 2003, Stone joined the Vision Project founded in 2003, becoming a partner. Vision Project created a Podcast about Stone called Penetrating the Heart of the Image.
His work is represented by Pierogi Gallery in Brooklyn NY.
Recent work.
Stone received a grant to photograph health care in West Virginia. He has also pursued a documentary on black lung disease due to coal mining. He is an instructor at the Barefoot Workshops in Clarksdale, Mississippi since early 2012. He has worked for NGOs, and done photo essays of coffee growing in Guatemala, Honduras and Nicaragua, as well as education in Nicaragua for Christian Aid. He traveled to Rwanda and the Eastern Congo for the NGO Women for Women International. For Greenpeace Stone has worked on issues such as global warming in the Arctic, deforestation in Alaska, Cancer Alley, and coal fired power plants on the East Coast and Mid-West of the United States. The most recent was documentation of hydraulic fracturing or "fracking" in Bradford County, Pennsylvania and was awarded Top Photo by West Carolina Communications. Stone is currently working on a book of photographs of Vodou in Haiti. In November 2012, he covered the impact of Hurricane Sandy on the New Jersey coast for the American Red Cross, for which he won Editor's Choice Award from Reuters.
On February 5th 2013 Stone received the Pictures of the Year International Award of Excellence in the News Division. On April 17th 2013 Stone's essay was published on his coverage of black lung disease in Appalachia. 

</doc>
<doc id="30980619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980619" title="Carolyn Yarnell">
Carolyn Yarnell

Carolyn Yarnell (born 1961) is an American composer and visual artist. A recipient of the Rome Prize, Charles Ives Prize, and a Guggenheim Fellowship, she is particularly noted for works which combine visual and musical depictions of landscape and light, many of which were inspired by the landscapes of her native California.
Background.
Yarnell grew up in the Sierra Nevada region of California. She studied composition at the San Francisco Conservatory of Music where she received a Bachelor of Music in 1986 and at Yale University where she received her Masters degree in 1989. Two years later the final two movements of her five-movement Symphony No. 1, "Enemy Moon" and "Exit", commissioned by the Tanglewood Music Center, had their world premiere at Tanglewood's Festival of Contemporary Music. Yarnell is a long-time member of the Common Sense Composers Collective who via collaborations with groups such as the New Millennium and American Baroque ensembles have premiered many contemporary works by their members and other composers. The collective has produced several CDs including "TIC" (2007) and "The Shock of the Old" (2002). The latter featured contemporary compositions played on baroque period instruments.

</doc>
<doc id="30980632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980632" title="André Micael">
André Micael

André Micael Pereira (born 4 February 1989 in Guimarães), known as Micael, is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Zawisza Bydgoszcz in Poland, as a defender.

</doc>
<doc id="30980633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980633" title="Abderrahim Zouari">
Abderrahim Zouari

Abderrahim Zouari is a Tunisian politician. He was the Minister of Transport from 2004 to 2011 under former President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali.
Biography.
From 1974 to 1978, he served as Governor of Gabès, then Governor of Nabeul. In 1991, he was appointed as Minister of Justice. From 1992 to 1993, he served as the Tunisian ambassador to Morocco. He was appointed as Foreign Minister in 1997, then as Education Minister in 1999. He also served as Secretary-General of the Constitutional Democratic Rally. In 2004, he was appointed as Minister of Transport until he was deposed in the aftermath of the 2010–2011 Tunisian revolution.

</doc>
<doc id="30980657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980657" title="Bible Ki Kahaniya">
Bible Ki Kahaniya

Bible Ki Kahaniya (English: "Stories from the Bible") was an Indian epic period serial based on Christian scriptures of the Bible in Hindi language. It was one of the first serials in India to involve high budget and use of fast paced technology. The television program was originally telecast on Doordarshan in the early 1993 to late 1995, but DD stopped its telecast abruptly because there was fear of communal tension due to certain episodes, in view of threats from Kashmiri militants, objection from some Hindu elements, differences between the production team and channel and budget issues. The characters were played by Bollywood stars including Kabir Bedi as Abraham and Urmila Matondkar.

</doc>
<doc id="30980659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980659" title="Killuminati 2K10">
Killuminati 2K10

Killuminati 2K10 is a mixtape by American hip-hop group Outlawz released October 31, 2010. Drop a 2 verses like mixtape hosted by DJ Smallz for free download and second version unhosted (untagged) on iTunes with bonus tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="30980700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980700" title="Bibya Chihi">
Bibya Chihi

Bibya Chihi is a Tunisian politician. She was the Minister of Women, Family, Children, and Senior Citizens under former President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali. Prior to this, she was the CEO of the Société Nationale de Distribution des Produits Pétroliers.

</doc>
<doc id="30980714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980714" title="André Filipe Brás André">
André Filipe Brás André

André Filipe Brás André (born 26 August 1989) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Vitória S.C. as a midfielder.
Club career.
Born in Vila do Conde, André was brought up at F.C. Porto and Varzim SC. He made his senior debuts with the latter in 2008, scoring six goals in 49 second division games in two seasons combined.
In the first half of the 2010–11 campaign, André joined Deportivo de La Coruña B in Spain on a 2+2 contract, suffering relegation from the third level (only three matches played), a fate which also befell his previous team. He returned to Varzim in January 2011.
In 2011–12, André netted 12 goals from his midfield position to help Varzim return to division two after just one year, even though the team could not eventually promote due to irregularities. In the off-season, he signed with Vitória S.C. in the top division.
Personal.
André's father, António, was also a footballer and a midfielder. He represented Porto for more than one decade, and appeared with Portugal at the 1986 FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="30980754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980754" title="Weimar–Gera railway">
Weimar–Gera railway

The Weimar–Gera railway or Holzland Railway ("Holzlandbahn") is a line in the German state of Thuringia, connecting the city of Weimar via Jena, Stadtroda and Hermsdorf to Gera. It was built by the Weimar-Gera Railway Company (), which was founded in June 1872, and the line was officially accepted into operation in June 1876.
It is now part of the Mid-German Connection and is listed by Deutsche Bahn in its timetable as the "Holzlandbahn" ("Woodland Railway") because its eastern section runs through the Thuringian Holzland (not to be confused with the "Thuringian Forest").
Route.
The line starts at Weimar station in northern Weimar, which it leaves to the east. It branches off the Thuringian railway at a grade-separated junction and runs to the south and then curves to the southeast, crossing the valley of the Ilm on a large viaduct and then runs on the eastern slope of the Ilm valley to Mellingen. It then goes through the Lehnstedt land to Großschwabhausen, where the line reaches a height of about 325 metres on the Ilm-Saale Plateau ("Ilm-Saale-Platte"). From Großschwabhausen it runs through the Schwabhäuser land and the Jena Mühl valley down to Jena, where it runs on the western slopes of the Saale valley past the city centre to Jena West station. Further south, it crosses the Saal Railway and continues to Jena-Göschwitz station on separate tracks parallel with the Saal Railway.
After Göschwitz the line crosses the Saale and runs through the valley of the Roda to Stadtroda and then through the Zeitzgrund woodland to Hermsdorf in the Holzland. From Hermsdorf the line runs east of the valley of the Erlbach to Kraftsdorf and Töppeln to Gera, where it ends at the former Prussian station ("preußischen Bahnhof"), now the Hauptbahnhof.
Before the Second World War, the line was an important east-west connection and upgraded with double track. The second track was dismantled for reparations to the Soviet Union. At the time of German reunification, the second track had be restored only on the Jena West–Neue Schenke, Stadtroda–Papiermühle and Kraftsdorf–Töppeln sections. Since then the Großschwabhausen–Jena West and the Hermsdorf-Klosterlausnitz–Kraftsdorf sections have been duplicated. There are still single-track sections between Weimar and Großschwabhausen, between Neue Schenke and Stadtroda, between Papiermühle and Hermsdorf-Klosterlausnitz and between Töppeln and Gera. It is proposed to duplicate the first two sections by 2014, as they are a considerable obstacle to the operation of trains at 30-minute intervals on the line, which connects the four largest cities of Thuringia. However, the federal government has not given a commitment to finance this project.
Little freight runs on the line as demand is low and there is little spare capacity for it anyway. The lack of electrification means that the line is only served by diesel multiple units. Although Deutsche Bahn operates its largest DMU, the class 612, with three sets running in combination, traffic demand to and from Jena, has not grown. The two stations in the city of Jena are in poor condition, but they may also be modernised by 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="30980769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980769" title="Isabelle de Borchgrave">
Isabelle de Borchgrave

Isabelle de Borchgrave (born 1946 in Brussels, Belgium) is a prominent Belgian artist and sculptor, best known for her colorful paintings and intricately painted paper sculptures.
Early life.
Countess Isabelle de Borchgrave d'Altena was born in Brussels, Belgium in 1946. Since early childhood, she had a passion for drawing. Pencils were her first toys, and she made drawings on everything in sight, including the walls and floor of her room. She began her studies at age 14 at the Centre des Arts Décoratifs, and, later – at Académie Royale des Beaux-Arts in Brussels, where her days were filled with drawing still-lifes and form models. De Borchgrave worked in advertising for less than a year after she had finished studying, and then made clothes for her friends before branching out into interior design. She later established her own studio, designing dresses, scarves, jewelry and accessories. In particular, de Borchgrave specialized in designing fabrics.
Career.
Following a visit to the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York in 1994, Isabelle dreamed up paper costumes. While keeping her brushes in hand and her paintings in mind, she worked on four big collections, all in paper and trompe-l'œil, each of which set the scene for a very different world. "Papiers à la Mode" (Paper in Fashion), the first, was a collaborative effort with the renowned Canadian costume designer Rita Brown and took a fresh look at 300 years of fashion history, from Elizabeth I to Coco Chanel. "Mariano Fortuny" dealt with the world of 19th century Venice, paying particular attention to the elegant plissés and veils. "I Medici" was a trompe-l'œil installation of famous Florentine figures in their ceremonial dress, who made the Renaissance a luminous period, with intricate gold-braiding, pearls, silk and velvet. Then came Sergei Diaghilev's "Ballets Russes", that paid tribute to the illustrious impresario, as well as the artists Pablo Picasso, Léon Bakst and Henri Matisse, all of whom designed costumes for this ballet company.
A major turning point in de Borchgrave's career came in 1998 with her exhibition, "Papier à la Mode", at Musée de l'Impression sur Etoffes in Mulhouse, France. It consisted of thirty lifesize outfits made of painted paper. "Papier à la Mode", which "The New York Times" called "pure delight", toured France, the United States and Asia. As it traveled, de Borchgrave expanded it - with costumes from the wardrobes of Queen Elizabeth I of England, Marie Antoinette and the Empress Eugénie, consort of Napoleon III, while it was in Japan, and adding Ottoman kaftans in Turkey.
Over the years, de Borchgrave's paper creations have ranged from an elaborate headdress in the shape of a caravel in full sail, worn by Marie Antoinette, to some oversized roses for John Galliano's haute couture show for Christian Dior, to a subtle, white on white wedding dress train worn by HRH Princess Annemarie of Bourbon-Parma at her wedding with Prince Carlos of Bourbon-Parma. She was also commissioned to recreate Jackie Kennedy's wedding gown for the John F. Kennedy Library and Museum in Boston. "It was dusty and fragile, wrapped up in black tissue paper", de Borchgrave recalls in a story in "Daily Telegraph". "The silk was dead, you couldn't touch it any more. It was preserved like a relic. The original is dead, but the paper one brings it to life again." In 2004, de Borchgrave designed and made a delicate, painted paper dress for Queen Fabiola of Belgium, which the queen wore to the wedding of Prince Felipe of Spain in Madrid.
In 2008, a colorful installation of over 80 pieces by Isabelle de Borchgrave opened at the Fortuny Museum in Venice, Italy. Entitled "Un mondo di carta - Isabelle de Borchgrave incontra Mariano Fortuny", ("A World of Paper: Isabelle de Borchgrave Meets Mariano Fortuny") the exhibition was spread over the historic palazzo's three floors and included versions of Fortuny's classic, finely pleated "Delphos" dress, as well as robes, accessories, shoes, boots, a stage set, an oriental tent, rugs, cushions, a lute and antique swords, often intermingling with the master's own works and collection, and all made of painted paper. Reviewing the installation for "The World of Interiors" magazine, author Barbara Stoeltie wrote, "Isabelle de Borchgrave freely shares her adventures in beauty – a beauty that, beneath her gaze and from her fingertips, pours out unstintingly. Tubes of paint, boxes of pastels, sheaves of brushes of all sizes and all kinds of glue gleefully take part in her marvellous game. The work itself rejoices."
In 2008, a lavishly illustrated hardcover monograph "Paper Illusions: The Art of Isabelle de Borchgrave" was published in the United States by Abrams. Within weeks, the book was declared by "The New York Times" to be one of "the best gift books of 2008" and "among the most unusual and fascinating... seen in a long time." The monograph was authored by the well-known writer and photographer duo, Barbara and René Stoeltie, with an introduction of Hubert de Givenchy, who said of de Borchgrave, "Isabelle is one of a kind; with a single sheet of paper, she creates the most beautiful dresses, the finest costumes, or, simply, a chain of white roses...Whether it becomes a shoe, a hat or a few strings of pearls, plays with paper as a virtuoso plays an instrument."
In February 2011, a large scale installation entitled "Pulp Fashion: The Art of Isabelle de Borchgrave" opened to great acclaim at the Legion of Honor Museum in San Francisco. The retrospective exhibition, described by the museum officials as "trompe l'oeil masterpieces," is presented in six sections: "The Artist's Studio" is recreated to provide insight into de Borchgrave's creative process; "In White" showcases the purity of craftsmanship in a selection of nine dresses devoid of color; "Papiers à la Mode" features iconic looks from key periods in fashion history, and legendary designers such as Charles Worth, Paul Poiret and Coco Chanel are represented by signature pieces; "Fortuny" is an immersive environment created under a paper tent populated by recreations of Fortuny's famed pleated and draped gowns; "The Medici" is the artist's most extravagant series, with elaborate velvets, needlework lace, ropes of pearls, and intricate coiffures transformed into paper sculptures, and "Inspiration"— de Borchgrave's latest body of work, inspired by four paintings from the Legion of Honor's collection that she admired during her visit to the museum in the summer of 2010. The paintings were: Massimo Stanzione, Woman in Neapolitan Costume, ca. 1635, Konstantin Makovsky, The Russian Bride's Attire, 1889, Jacob Ferdinand Voet, Anna Caffarelli Minuttiba, ca. 1675, and Anthony van Dyck, Marie Claire de Cory and Child, 1634. Quoted in the "San Francisco Chronicle", John Buchanan, the Museum's director, called the exhibition "pure poetry". "This is the coolest thing I've ever seen", he added. The installation, which Isabelle de Borchgrave called "a wink at history", will be on view through 5 June 2011.
In de Borchgrave's art, the starting point is almost always the same: sheets of paper one meter by one and a half meters (3.3 feet by 4.9 feet), which she sets to work on with her brushes and paints on an enormous linen-covered table in her studio in Brussels. "Her colors, reports "The New York Times", "are very much inspired by her travels: reds from the roses of Turkey, earth hues from Egypt, blues from Greece...Borchgrave produces astonishing effects of scintillating color, weight, transparency and texture. Her renderings of diaphanous gauzes are especially astonishing."
Isabelle de Borchgrave's work has been widely collected by major museums and private collectors worldwide. She is represented in the U.S. by the Serge Sorokko Gallery.
Personal life.
Isabelle de Borchgrave married Count Werner de Borchgrave d'Altena in 1975. They have two children – a son ( Nicolas ) and a daughter ( Pauline). The couple resides in Brussels, Belgium.

</doc>
<doc id="30980778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980778" title="Ahmed Eyadh Ouederni">
Ahmed Eyadh Ouederni

Ahmed Eyadh Ouederni is a Tunisian politician. He was the Minister-Director of the Presidential Cabinet under former President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali.

</doc>
<doc id="30980782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980782" title="Trading Places (Family Guy)">
Trading Places (Family Guy)

"Trading Places" is the 13th episode of the ninth season of the animated comedy series "Family Guy". It originally aired on Fox in the United States on March 20, 2011. The episode follows the Griffin family as they decide to switch roles, in order to teach each other a lesson about responsibility, with father Peter and mother Lois becoming the children, and son Chris and daughter Meg becoming the parents of the household. They each discover hardships in their new roles, however, as the switch causes a strain on the family's relationship, and eventually resulting in the ultimate consequence.
The episode was written by Steve Callaghan and directed by Joseph Lee. It received mostly positive reviews from critics for its storyline and many cultural references. According to Nielsen ratings, it was viewed in 6.55 million homes in its original airing. The episode featured guest performances by Gary Cole, Nina Dobrev, Carrie Fisher, Rachael MacFarlane, Laura Vandervoort and Lisa Wilhoit, along with several recurring guest voice actors for the series. "Trading Places" was one of five episodes submitted for consideration for an Emmy Award in the "Outstanding Comedy Series" category in 2011.
Plot.
A drunk Tom Tucker appears on television, announcing a contest to win a dirtbike. Peter decides to enter the contest, in which the person who keeps their hand on the bike the longest wins. As time goes on, competitors continually begin to give up. Nine hours later, the last two contestants remaining are Peter and Mayor Adam West, the latter of whom is tricked into taking his hand off the bike when Peter sends him a text message with his free hand. The next day, Peter's children, Chris and Meg decide to get on the bike and take it for a ride through Quahog. Daring Meg he can jump over a fire hydrant, Chris suddenly crashes the bike, completely destroying it. Once their parents, Peter and Lois, discover that they crashed the bike (and Peter "punishes" Chris by making him start smoking), they decide to teach the two a lesson by switching roles in the family. Meg and Chris then become the parents, dressing more conservatively, with Meg doing housework and Chris going to the brewery where their father works, and Lois and Peter begin attending school.
Peter and Lois undergo constant hard school work beyond their generation, as well as having to keep up a social status all the time, and dealing with bullies. Meanwhile, Meg and Chris find adult work to be very easy to handle. Meg's youth allows her to finish all the housework in under an hour, while making a fine dining dinner, while Chris accomplishes a great deal of work Peter had been slacking off in. Once Chris begins working, his boss, Angela, is surprised to see his work ethic and offers him a raise. That night, after returning home, Chris and Meg alert their parents that switching roles is easier than they thought, with Lois and Peter admitting that they are suffering and being bullied in school. Wanting to call off the role switching, Peter and Lois attempt to get their children to go back to school, but Chris refuses. Chris then tells his father that he has been hired at the brewery as Peter's replacement. Chris then alerts his parents that he is now the breadwinner, and can make his own rules. In the meantime, Peter attempts to find a new job, as Chris begins working overtime at the brewery. Becoming exhausted by work, Chris begins drinking, and taking his anger and frustration out on the family, and eventually suffers a heart attack. Realizing being an adult is just as hard as being a kid, Chris agrees to go back to the way things used to be, and the family goes back to normal, with the exception of Dr. Hartman questioning them about their antics when the screen goes to black.
Production and development.
The episode was written by series regular, executive producer and showrunner Steve Callaghan, and directed by series regular Joseph Lee during the course of the ninth production season. Series veterans Peter Shin and James Purdum, both of whom having previously served as animation directors, served as supervising directors for the episode, with Andrew Goldberg, Alex Carter, Elaine Ko, Spencer Porter and Aaron Blitzstein serving as staff writers for the episode. Composer Ron Jones, who has worked on the series since its inception, returned to compose the music for "Trading Places".
In addition to the regular cast, actor Gary Cole, actress Nina Dobrev, actress Carrie Fisher, voice actress Rachael MacFarlane, actress Laura Vandervoort, and voice actress Lisa Wilhoit guest starred in the episode. Recurring guest voice actors and writers Steve Callaghan, Danny Smith, Alec Sulkin and John Viener also made minor appearances. Actor Adam West appeared in the episode as well.
Cultural references.
When the family agrees to switch roles for one week Peter mentions the movie "Criss-Cross". He goes on to mention "Face/Off" and "Roadhouse" (both of which have nothing to do with the current situation). When Peter enters the kitchen in a dress (as "Meg") Lois reminds him that he is supposed to a switch roles, not genders. He returns with a pump-action shotgun and dressed up as a "Trench-Coat Mafia" member and saying "Time to make all those popular kids pay for ignoring me," referencing Columbine. Chris refers to his high schools hierarchical structure to "Lord Of The Flies".
The title is a reference to the film "Trading Places", in which Dan Aykroyd and Eddie Murphy have their lives swapped around in attempt to resolve a wager on the significance of someone's upbringing vs their genes (nature vs nurture) in determining what kind of person they become.
Reception.
The episode was watched by 6.55 million viewers according to Nielsen ratings.
Rowan Kaiser of "The A.V. Club" gave "Trading Places" a mostly positive review, calling it "relatively entertaining", and stating that the moral of the episode "surprisingly felt earned, if cliché". He also praised the episode for giving Chris and Meg "more to do than just be punching bags for annoying jokes". He rated "Trading Places" a B. Jason Hughes of TV Squad was more critical of the episode, complaining about the lack of original ideas. However, he also praised the characterization of Chris and Meg, writing that he enjoyed "seeing Meg step up as a character and be more than the butt of her family's hatred" and "Seth Green was absolutely hilarious during Chris's psychological breakdown leading up to his heart attack".
The episode was among four other episodes submitted by the "Family Guy" production team for consideration of an Emmy Award nomination, in the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Comedy Series category. "Trading Places" was submitted, along with "Halloween on Spooner Street", "Road to the North Pole", "New Kidney in Town" and "And I'm Joyce Kinney". The series was successfully nominated in 2009, but failed to merit an award. Mark Hentemann, executive producer and showrunner of "Family Guy" said of the nominating process, "We had internal discussions in the writers' room, and it seemed like we were much more akin to the other primetime comedies than we were to children's shows in animation. We assumed we would not get anywhere, and so it was a great surprise when we got the nomination."

</doc>
<doc id="30980790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980790" title="Historical fencing in Scotland">
Historical fencing in Scotland

There is some evidence on historical fencing as practiced in Scotland in the Early Modern Era, especially fencing with the Scottish basket-hilted broadsword during the 17th to 18th centuries.
Most of our current knowledge of these arts derives from various combative treatises or Martial arts manuals, as well as written anecdotes (i.e. battle accounts, folklore, etc.) and artistic representations from different periods and locations in Scottish history (see Penicuik Sketches).
Scottish fencing masters.
The following is a list of fencing masters that were very influential in their day, and have contributed to our current knowledge of the martial practices of Scotland (see "Combat Treatises" below):
Fencing manuals.
Scottish Fencing manuals detailing the use of the basket-hilted Scottish broadsword (besides other disciplines including the smallsword and spadroon and, to a lesser extent, the targe, dirk and quarterstaff)
were published throughout the 18th century, with early and late examples dating to the late 17th and early 19th centuries, respectively:
Techniques.
The Highland Broadsword texts of the 1700s portray 7 cuts and numerous guards. The footwork is sword leg forward (usually right leg) with the other leg behind, similar to modern fencing. Traversing footwork allows one to step off the center-line of attack, either to right or left. The following Guards are listed in these texts:
The Cuts are as follows:
Shifting the Leg: When an opponent cuts at the outside of your leg, it is prudent to step back (and thus avoid the cut at the leg), counter-attacking with either a cut at the head or at the wrist simultaneous to shifting the leg. This technique was taught by Angelo, Taylor and Rowlandson.
Famous Scottish duellists.
In the 17th-18th century, there were a number of warriors and soldiers that developed a reputation as skilled duellists. In the highlands, they were known as Caterans, and were noted for cattle theft as well as black-mail, and often traveled to different villages challenging them to produce a fighter that can best them, or pay a fee. Some belonged to the Duine uasal (Warrior Class) of their Clan:
Clan styles.
It has been suggested that certain Scottish Clans and families had specific training systems that were distinct from one another. For example, it is said that some members of Clan Macdonald were ambidextrous, and were thus able to fence with either left or right hand. The Kerr family is known in its family tradition to have predominantly left-handed swordsmen (as apparent in the construction of their castles), which has led to the term "Kerr-Fisted".
The Black Watch appears to be the source of Highland Broadsword technique during the later part of the 18th century, as evidenced in Captain G. Sinclair's manual.

</doc>
<doc id="30980792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980792" title="Frank Acheampong">
Frank Acheampong

Frank Opoku Acheampong (born 16 October 1993) is a Ghanaian footballer currently plays as a winger for Anderlecht.
Career.
Early.
He started his career with Ghanaian side, under the direction of Romain Krider his first coach. He was invited for trials by Sheikh Mansour, who owns the English side Manchester City, to his base in Abu Dhabi to be observed by Al-Jazeera, the other club he owns.
Buriram United.
In February 2011, he joined Thai Premier League side Buriram United. He was invited for a trial with Scottish club Celtic in November 2012. In January 2013 Acheampong moved to Belgian club R.S.C. Anderlecht on a loan spell until the end of the season 2012–2013.
R.S.C. Anderlecht.
On the 16th of April 2013 Acheampong signed for the Belgian champions R.S.C. Anderlecht for a fee of 1 million euros (37 million Thai Baht) which is the record for the Thai Premier League. On 28 July Acheampong made his first appearances for Anderlecht against KSC Lokeren which he came on in the 70th minute in a 2-3 lost.
In match R.S.C. Anderlecht against KAA Gent which he came in the 69th minute and his first goal in Belgium after 4-1 win over Gent.
International career.
In August 2012, Acheampong was called up to the national team for the international friendly match against China PR in Xi'an. He made his debut in the starting lineup while Ghana drew 1–1 with China on 15 August.In 17 September Acheampong made his first UEFA Champions League appearance against Benfica which came on as a substitute in the 46th minute it ended as a victory for benfica.
In 23 September 2012, he was made the captain of the Ghana U-20's. In a match against Morocco U-20 in 2013 African Youth Championship qualification, he scored twice as the Ghana U-20's won the match 4–1.
In September 10, 2013 Acheampong scored his first international goal for Ghana against Japan in an friendly match.

</doc>
<doc id="30980802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980802" title="Chief Perryman">
Chief Perryman

Benjamin Perryman (Steek-cha-ko-me-co) was a tribal town chief of some prominence among the Muscogee people in Alabama and was a pronounced adherent of the William McIntosh faction in Creek tribal affairs. He is noted as a signer of the Treaty of February 24, 1833 at Fort Gibson with the Government and, with Roley McIntosh, represented the Creeks at an intertribal conference with the western tribes which opened at Ft. Gibson on September 2, 1834 and in these proceedings took an engaging part.
Ancestry.
Benjamin Perryman was said to be the son of Theodore Perryman, a European-American man. Perryman's mother was Muscogee Creek. As such, Chief Perryman was a mix-blooded Indian. He had a brother named Sam Perryman, though it is not known if they had the same mother. Sam Perryman was also Creek.
Prominent descendants.
Among his many noted descendants are David McKellop Hodge, Albert Pike McKellop, Matt Taylor a modern day published astro photographer, and Pleasant Porter.

</doc>
<doc id="30980806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980806" title="Mounir Jaidane">
Mounir Jaidane

Mounir Jaidane is a Tunisian politician. He was the Secretary General of the Government under former President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali.

</doc>
<doc id="30980813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980813" title="MALAT1">
MALAT1

__NOTOC__
MALAT 1 (metastasis associated lung adenocarcinoma transcript 1) also known as NEAT2 (noncoding nuclear-enriched abundant transcript 2) is a large, infrequently spliced non-coding RNA, which is highly conserved amongst mammals and highly expressed in the nucleus. It regulates the expression of metastasis-associated genes. It also positively regulates cell motility via the transcriptional and/or post-transcriptional regulation of motility-related genes. MALAT1 may play a role in temperature-dependent sex determination in the Red-eared slider turtle ("Trachemys scripta").
Expression in alcoholic brains.
Transcripts of MALAT1 are significantly increased in the cerebellum of human alcoholics, as well as in similar regions of rat brains after the withdrawal of ethanol vapours. This alcohol-induced upregulation of MALAT1 may be responsible for differential expression of a number of proteins which contribute to ethanol tolerance and dependency in humans.

</doc>
<doc id="30980827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980827" title="Pudimadaka">
Pudimadaka

Pudimadaka or Pudi Madaka () is a village in Achutapuram mandal of Visakhapatnam district, Andhra Pradesh, India.
Pudimadaka Lighthouse.
There is a Lighthouse at Pudimadaka village. It was first time commissioned in 1971 and renovated in 1991. The lighthouse was on a masonry tower of 26 meters height. It has a visible range of 27 Nautical miles.
Four Days of Pudi.
Every year, from December 22 - December 25, villagers of Pudimadaka celebrate the Four Days of Pudi. Each day, villagers are expected to give curry-related gifts to their loved ones. Such gifts may range from small bags of coriander to the more grand "curianas" which are generally vast and ornate arrangements of up to 100 curry-based dishes, all on large lines of banana leaves. It is not uncommon for celebrants to throw up during the festivities, due to large intakes of the often spicy curry.

</doc>
<doc id="30980839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980839" title="Alang Fort">
Alang Fort

Alang Fort (also "Alangad") is a fort in Nashik district, Maharashtra, India. It is one of the three forts, the others being Madangad and Kulang, in the Kalsubai range of the Western Ghats. They are the most difficult to reach forts in Nasik District. A dense forest cover make these treks difficult. These three forts are a little neglected due to very heavy rains in the area and a difficult confusing path to the forts.
Fascinating Spots.
The top of the fort is a huge plateau. On the fort, there are two caves, a small temple and 11 water cisterns. Remnants of buildings are spread over the fort. Kalasubai, Aundh Fort, Patta and Bitangad are to the east of the fort, Harihar, Trymbakgad and Anjaneri to its north and Harishchandragad, Aajobagad, Khutta (pinnacle), Ratangad and Katrabai to its south.
Ways To Reach.
Igatpuri/Kasara-Ghoti-Pimpalnermor-Ambevadi.
To reach Alang, go to Kasara or Igatpuri and then Ambevadi by the Igatpuri/Kasara-Ghoti-Pimpalnermor route. There is a bus service from Ghoti to Ambevadi.. Ambevadi is 32 km away from Ghoti. A bus is available at 6 a.m. from Ghoti to Ambevadi. We can easily see Alang, Madan and Kulang from there. From Ambevadi, a way goes to the ridge between Alang and Madan, which may take up to 3 hours. From the ridge, the fort visible on the left is Alang, while the one on the right is Madan.
From there, two ways go towards Alang. 
a) One way descends from the ridge. Within 1 hour you can reach the plateau. Keeping Alang to your left, you will reach a cavern after about an hour's walk. From there, you can go higher by rock climbing. Then you will reach a flat patch. Keep left and proceed towards the pinnacle. After 10 to 15 minutes, you will come at a cave in the fort. Time required to reach here from Ambevadi is approximately 8 to 9 hours.
b) Proceed from the ridge and after easy rock climbing, you will come near few steps. After ascending these steps, climb a broken pinnacle of 80 to 90 ft. Only trained climbers should go this way. This way, you can reach the fort after 6 hours.
Ghatghar via Ghoti-Bhandardara.
Another way towards fort is from Ghatghar. Go at Ghatghar via Ghoti-Bhandardara. From there, in 2½ hours, one can come to the third cavern.
Via Bhandardara from Udadvade :
Other way towards fort is via Bhandardara from Udadvade gaon. It takes us at the plateau and then connects to way no. (2).
Accommodation Facility.
Two caves on the fort can accommodate 30-40 people.
Food Facility.
You have to carry with your own.
Drinking Water Facility.
Ample water is available in reservoirs in all seasons Still, we have to carry sufficient water till we reach at the top.
Time To Reach.
7–8 hours from Ambevadi

</doc>
<doc id="30980854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980854" title="Gilles de Kerchove">
Gilles de Kerchove

Gilles de Kerchove (born 3 October 1956 in Uccle/Ukkel, Belgium) is a senior European Union official. Director of Justice and Home Affairs (HJA) in the Council Secretariat of the European Union from 1995 – 2007, he has since been appointed as EU Counter-terrorism Coordinator, succeeding Gijs de Vries.
Biography.
He obtained his law degree at the Catholic University of Louvain in 1979 and later followed a Masters in Law at Yale Law School in 1984.
He joined the European Commission in 1985 as an administrator in Directorate General IV for Competition. From 1986 to 1995, he worked for the Belgian government, as chief of staff of the deputy prime minister and various ministries.
In his role as director of JHA, he had central role in negotiations for Eurojust and the European arrest warrant. Since 2007, he is EU Counter-terrorism Coordinator. He was also Deputy Secretary of the Convention which drafted the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union from 1999 to 2000.
In addition to its administrative activities, he is also a lecturer in law at several universities in Belgium, particularly at the Catholic University of Louvain (Louvain-la-Neuve), at the Facultés Universitaires Saint-Louis (Brussels) and the Université Libre de Bruxelles (Brussels).

</doc>
<doc id="30980856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980856" title="Clement Kofi Humado">
Clement Kofi Humado

Clement Kofi Humado (born 18 December 1953) is the Member of Parliament for the Anlo constituency in Ghana. He is also the Minister for Food and Agriculture in Ghana.
Early life and education.
Humado was born to the late John Kobla Humado and his wife Grace Abla Humado. They both hailed from Alakple in the Keta Municipality of the Volta Region of Ghana. He graduated from the University of Ghana at Legon in 1976 where he studied Animal Science and Agricultural Extension. He obtained a Graduate Diploma in Agricultural Administration four years later at the same university. In 1985, he completed a Certificate in Monitoring and Evaluation of Public Sector Projects and Programmes course at the University of East Anglia, Norwich, England. He also did other Certificate coursed in 1989 at the Ghana Institute of Management and Public Administration and in Finance in 1998 at the University of Reading in the United Kingdom.
Occupation.
Humado has worked in various capacities and as a consultant in agriculture and finance in various organisations.
Politics.
He entered politics in 2000 when he joined the Alakple branch of the National Democratic Congress. He won the Anlo parliamentary seat in the December 2004 parliamentary election. He was appointed by President Mills during a cabinet reshuffle in January 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="30980864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980864" title="Argentine provincial elections, 2011">
Argentine provincial elections, 2011

Most Provinces of Argentina will hold executive and legislative elections during 2011, electing Governors and provincial legislatures. The only exceptions are Santiago del Estero Province, whose executive and legislative elections are scheduled for 2012; and Corrientes Province, whose governor election is scheduled for 2013.
There will be also simultaneous local elections, whereby a number of Municipalities or Partidos elect municipal legislative officials ("concejales"), and in some cases also a mayor (or equivalent).
Although most of the elections will take place on 23 October, the date of the Argentine general elections, each province stage the date of their elections according to provincial legislation.
Electoral calendar.
Some election dates are not yet confirmed ("not listed"), and some can vary according to new legislation.
March 13.
On 13 March 2011, Catamarca Province elected Governor, 8 Provincial Senators, and 20 Provincial Deputies, thus renewing half of both chambers.
The ticket for Governor and Vice-Governor is elected by simple majority on a direct election, for a 4-year period. They can be indefinitely re-elected. Provincial Deputies are proportionally elected on a single district by D'Hondt method for a 4-year period and Provincial Senators are uninominally elected in each of the 16 Departments of Catamarca for a 4-year period. Both Deputies and Senators can also be indefinitely re-elected. Both chambers of the provincial legislature are renewed by halves every two years. Catamarca Electoral Law (Art. 90) establish the second Sunday of March, every two years, as the date for provincial elections. By law, women ought to held at least 30% of the nominations, in expectant positions.
Incumbent Eduardo Brizuela del Moral (UCR), who was looking for his third consecutive mandate with the alliance Civic and Social Front of Catamarca (FCyS) that governed the province since 1991, surprisingly lost the election to Lucía Corpacci, a current National Senator and former Vice-Governor of Brizuela del Moral, who headed a Justicialist Party joint list (between both the "pro-" and the "anti-" national government factions). Lucía Corpacci will become the second female governor of an Argentine province ever.
Other candidates were: Liliana Barrionuevo, sister of union leader Luis Barrionuevo, for "Primero Catamarca"-PRO, Julio César Andrada for MST-Proyecto Sur, Ignacio Díaz for "Polo Obrero"-PO and Marcelo Cisternas for "Concertación-FORJA".
From the 20 Chamber of Deputies seats and 8 Chamber of Senators seats to be renewed, the ruling coalition had 9 and 5 at stake. The departments which renewed senators were Ambato (FCyS), Andalgalá (FpV), Belén (FCyS), Capital (FpV), Fray M. Esquiú (FCyS), Pomán (FpV), Santa Rosa (FpV) and Valle Viejo (FCyS), each major political alliance electing 4 Provincial Senators.
Local executive and legislative elections were also held in 34 of 35 Intendencies of Catamarca. San Fernando del Valle de Catamarca, the capital and largest city with about 50% of the total population) elected Raúl Jalil (FpV) as Mayor.
Catamarca represents 0,89% of the national electorate. Voter turnout was about 70%.
March 20.
On 20 March 2011, Chubut Province elected a Governor and 27 Provincial Deputies, thus renewing the whole legislature. Chubut will also elect 3 members of the provincial Judiciary Council.
The ticket for Governor and Vice-Governor is elected by simple majority on a direct election, for a 4-year period. They can be re-elected for a single consecutive time, either in the same order or in alternating positions. The unicameral legislature, the Chamber of Deputies, is renewed every four years. The provincial deputies can be re-elected. The legislative election is direct in a single district: the most voted party gains 16 seats (60%) and the remaining 11 seats are proportionally divided among the following party lists, by D'Hondt method, without threshold.
The main candidates for Governor are the current Mayor of Comodoro Rivadavia, Martín Buzzi (Modelo Chubut-Federal Peronism, PJ), supported by incumbent Governor Mario Das Neves; and Mayor of Puerto Madryn, Carlos Eliceche (Front for Victory, PJ), allied to the national government. Two-times Governor Das Neves cannot run for re-election, and it is currently a presidential pre-candidate. Provincial parties "Proyección Vecinal Chubutense (ProVeCh)", second in the last elections and allied to the provincial government, as well as "Acción Chubutense (PACh)", will run on their own lists. Other candidates are Mayor of Rada Tilly Pedro Peralta, for the Radical Civic Union (that governed the province until 2003) and provincial deputy Fernando Urbano, for the Civic Coalition ARI.
The current Chamber of Deputies is made up of 18 pro-government (14 Modelo Chubut-PJ and 4 ProVeCh) deputies, 4 UCR, 3 Kirchnerites (2 former PJ, 1 former ProVeCh), 1 PACh, 1 ARI. Chubut represents 1.22% of the national electorate.
The elections yielded inconclusive results initially, as Buzzi's total of 37.8% (against Eliceche's 37.2%), and his winning margin of 1,551 votes led to a recount when irregularities led to a judicial injunction against results in six precincts totaling 1,967 votes. Following a protracted recount process, as well a court-ordered re-vote held on May 29 in the six impugned precincts, Buzzi, albeit with a narrowed lead of 384 votes, was officially elected Governor of Chubut.
Local elections were also held in 27 Intendencies. Results in these elections created an ironic twist to the headline gubernatorial race: Comodoro Rivadavia, where Buzzi had been Mayor, elected the opposition FpV candidate, Néstor di Pierro; and Puerto Madryn, where Eliceche had been Mayor, elected the opposition Federal Peronist candidate, Ricardo Sastre.
April 10.
On 10 April 2011, Salta Province elected Governor, 11 Provincial Senators, and 30 Provincial Deputies. Incumbent Juan Manuel Urtubey won with 59.57% of the votes.
May 29.
On May 29, La Rioja Province elected Governor and 18 provincial legislators. Incumbent Luis Beder Herrera won with 67.20% of the votes.
June 12.
On 12 June 2011, Neuquén Province elected a Governor and 35 provincial legislators. This included the first electoral success for the new Workers Left Front, with a legislator elected.
June 26.
On 26 June 2011, Misiones Province elected its Governor and 20 Provincial Legislators.
On 26 June 2011, Tierra del Fuego Province elected its Governor and 15 Provincial Legislators. On 3 July, Fabiana Ríos of the Patagonian Social Party (provincial section of CC-ARI) won the runoff with 50.66% against Rosana Bertone (FpV-PJ)
July 10.
On 10 July 2011, the Autonomous City of Buenos Aires held the first round of its local elections. The runoff is scheduled for 31 July.
The incumbent Macri's running mate is María Eugenia Vidal. Carlos Tomada is the running mate of Filmus.
July 24.
On 24 July 2011, Santa Fe Province elected Governor, 50 Provincial Deputies and 19 Provincial Senators.
August 7.
On 7 August 2011, Córdoba Province will elect Governor and 70 provincial legislators.
August 28.
On 28 August 2011, Tucumán Province will elect Governor and 49 Provincial Legislators.
September 18.
On 18 September 2011, Chaco Province will elect Governor and 16 Provincial Legislators.
October 23.
On 23 October 2011, the date of the Argentine general elections, 14 Provinces will hold elections:
Buenos Aires Province will elect Governor, 26 provincial deputies and 23 provincial senators.
Corrientes Province will elect 13 provincial deputies and 4 provincial senators.
Entre Ríos Province will elect Governor, 28 provincial deputies and 18 provincial senators.
Formosa Province will elect Governor and 15 provincial legislators
Jujuy Province will elect Governor and 24 provincial legislators.
La Pampa Province will elect Governor and 26 provincial legislators.
Mendoza Province will elect Governor, 24 provincial deputies and 19 provincial senators.
Río Negro Province will elect Governor and 43 provincial legislators.
San Juan Province will elect Governor and 34 provincial legislators.
San Luis Province will elect Governor, 21 provincial deputies and 5 provincial senators
Santa Cruz Province will elect Governor and 24 provincial legislators.

</doc>
<doc id="30980867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980867" title="Al Montgomery">
Al Montgomery

Alvin Atlas Montgomery (July 3, 1920 – April 26, 1942) was a catcher in Major League Baseball. He played for the Boston Braves in 1941.
Montgomery died in an automobile accident in Waverly, Virginia on April 26, 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="30980881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980881" title="Deodar forests">
Deodar forests

Deodar forests are forests dominated Cedrus Deodara and are found in Western Himalayas from Gandak river in central Nepal to Hindukush in Afghanistan.

</doc>
<doc id="30980904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980904" title="Izzy Canillo">
Izzy Canillo

John Izzy Canillo (born March 3, 2004), commonly known as Izzy, is a Filipino child actor. He was discovered by Star Circle Quest 2009 where he won as first runner up. He is part of the gag show "Goin Bulilit" and weekly children's show "Kulilits". He also played many roles in Maalaala Mo Kaya a Philippine drama anthology. He also won the award "PMPC Best Children Show Host Nominee 2010". As a part of the 60th celebration of Abs-Cbn they gave him a project to play in a fantasy-drama My Little Juan with Jaime Fabregas as their previous respective roles in Juan Dela Cruz. This series serves as a followup to the highly successful television series, "Juan dela Cruz". With its time slot in Kapamilya Gold, this series gain a lots of positive feedbacks in the Philippines. The success of the series is because of its ratings and reviews from local viewers and from social media. Aside from many projects he is also doing mall shows during his My Little Juan days. 

</doc>
<doc id="30980915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980915" title="G. David Schine in Hell">
G. David Schine in Hell

G. David Schine in Hell is a one act play written by Tony Kushner. The play centers on G. David Schine, who arrives in Hell and is re-united with Roy Cohn, Richard Nixon, Whittaker Chambers, and J. Edgar Hoover.
Although it is not attributed, the play may have been inspired in part by a "National Lampoon" cartoon feature entitled "Roy Cohn in Hell," which depicts Cohn joining Hoover and Sen. Joseph R. McCarthy in the nether regions.
"G. David Shine in Hell" was published as part of the Kushner anthology "Death and Taxes: Hydriotaphia and Other Plays"

</doc>
<doc id="30980926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980926" title="Kjell Colding">
Kjell Colding

Kjell Colding (20 March 1931 – 28 July 2009) was a Norwegian diplomat and politician for the Conservative Party.
He was born in Oslo, and took the cand.jur. degree in his education. He started working for the Norwegian Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1958, and was promoted to assistant secretary in 1967. At the same time he had a political career in the same ministry; as private secretary (now known as political adviser) from 1966 to 1970 and State Secretary from 1970 to 1971, both in Borten's Cabinet.
Back in the ministry as a civil servant, he served as embassy counsellor in Sweden from 1971 to 1975, sub-director in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs from 1975 to 1977, ambassador from 1977 to 1979 and deputy under-secretary of state in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs from 1979 to 1981. He was then a State Secretary in the Office of the Prime Minister from 1981 to 1984 and the Norwegian ambassador to Finland from 1985 to 1989.
He was then a deputy under-secretary of state again from 1989 to 1991, special adviser from 1991 to 1992 and permanent under-secretary of state from 1992 to 1996. He finished his career as the Norwegian ambassador to the United Kingdom from 1996 to 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="30980937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980937" title="Cooper (given name)">
Cooper (given name)

Cooper is a male given name.
Popularity.
In 2013 it was the seventh most popular name for boys in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="30980942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980942" title="Weqaya">
Weqaya

Weqaya (), (), known also as Weqaya Takaful Insurance and Reinsurance Company, is one of the largest joint stock companies in Saudi Arabia, with a paid up capital of SR 200 Million. Weqaya Head Offices are located in Riyadh and there are three Regional Offices in Jeddah and Khobar.
History.
Weqaya Takaful Insurance and Reinsurance company was incorporated in 2009 as a Saudi joint-stock company with SR 200 million in paid-up capital. Weqaya is supported by leading Reinsurers and underwrites all types of risks in protection, savings, medical insurance, general insurance and reinsurance and goes the extra mile to tailor special covers and develop innovative Takaful products and services to satisfy the specific needs and expectations of the customers. 
Weqaya is proud to introduce a Sharia-compliant and added-value Takaful products and services for both individuals and businesses.
Establishment.
The idea of founding Weqaya Takaful Insurance and Reinsurance company has been resulted from the convergence of investment and economic visions for a number of investment companies specializing in private investments with the experienced insurance technical vision and strategy for a number of insurance experts, known in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, in order to bridge the side of the gap in the Saudi insurance market, which is still in the process of development and growth, by putting forward a package of insurance products and services stemming from the needs of the market and combined with a real and technical market study for the Saudi insurance market, and based on the professional management and technical experience that can manage the high risks in the market of insurance.
Therefore; Weqaya Takaful Insurance and Reinsurance Company has been established based on the Council of Ministers decision No. (180), dated 30/6/2008 and the Royal Decree No. (M/34), dated 1/7/2008, to establish Weqaya Takaful insurance and reinsurance company as a Saudi joint-stock company.
Weqaya’s Capital is (200,000,000) two hundred million Saudi riyals. The company has the right to practice the business of Takaful insurance in several fields such as protection, savings, medical insurance, general insurance and reinsurance, in accordance to the cooperative insurance supervision system, its executive regulations as well as any further amendments that may be introduced, and as per the rules and regulations of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
Strategies and Objectives.
Weqaya’s main strategy is to create a distinct image and identity, as a specialized Takaful insurance company, by offering Takaful insurance services and products, to the Saudi business sector and all the other sectors of Saudi community, in line with principals and regulations of Sharia, and by focusing on building one of the best professional teams in the insurance companies in the Kingdom by attracting the most qualified professional known, in addition to focus on e-insurance services, by developing it to be ready for actual implementation.
Weqaya focuses on its strategy, to offer wide range of innovative products and non-traditional services that will contribute to the expansion of the Saudi insurance market, horizontally in terms of services and products, and vertically in terms of business growth and activities.
Suspension by CMA for Share Trading at Tadawul.
CMA announces that based on the announcement by the Saudi Arabian Monetary Agency dated 5/8/1435 H corresponding to 3/6/2014 that included: "after viewing the first quarter financial statements from the current year 2014 submitted by Weqaya Takaful Insurance and Reinsurance Company to the Agency on 20/6/1435 H corresponding to 20/04/2014 showing that the company's accumulated losses reached 97% of its share capital, the Agency has assigned an external auditor to study and examine the company's situation. The preliminary information that was identified to the external auditor based on the actuary indicates that there may be override committed against the company. As a result, the Agency has issued a number of resolutions that the company must execute to strive to correct its financial situation within a specified period, with the last resolution sent to the company on 4/8/1435H corresponding to 2/6/2014." 
And since the company had received during the last period a number of resolutions from the Saudi Arabian Monetary Agency which it did not disclose according to the applicable required regulations. 
And based on the Capital Market Law and its implementing regulations, the CMA's Board issued its resolution dated 6/8/1435H corresponding to 4/6/2014 to suspend the trading of Weqaya Takaful Insurance and Reinsurance Company shares in the Saudi Stock Exchange (Tadawul) starting from Wednesday 6/8/1435H corresponding to 4/6/2014, until the company discloses any material developments in accordance with the requirements of the Capital Market Law and its implementing regulations, in light of the resolutions it had received from the Agency during the past period to correct its financial situation. Accordingly, CMA will consider whether to continue the trade suspension of the company's shares or not.

</doc>
<doc id="30980953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980953" title="Meeting Point">
Meeting Point

The Meeting Point (Chinese:匯點) was a political organisation formed by a group of former student activists in the 1970s for the discussion for the Sino-British negotiation on the question of Hong Kong prospect in 1983. The group favoured a Chinese sovereignty of Hong Kong but wanted a free, democratic and autonomous Hong Kong government. 
In the post-agreement period, the group called for introduction of direct election and an accountable government. It joined the Joint Committee on the Promotion of Democratic Government (JGPDG) for the direct election of the 1988 legislative election, followed by the first direct election of the geographical constituency seats in 1991 legislative election and won a historical landslide victory with its ally United Democrats. It formally converted to a political party on 13 September 1992. Two groups merged into a new party, the Democratic Party in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="30980960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980960" title="Chhatarpur (Madhya Pradesh) (Vidhan Sabha constituency)">
Chhatarpur (Madhya Pradesh) (Vidhan Sabha constituency)

Chhatarpur Vidhan Sabha constituency () is one of the 230 Vidhan Sabha (Legislative Assembly) constituencies of Madhya Pradesh state in central India. This constituency came into existence in 1951, as one of the 48 Vidhan Sabha constituencies of the erstwhile Vindhya Pradesh state. 
Overview.
Chhatarpur (constituency number 51) is one of the 6 Vidhan Sabha constituencies located in Chhatarpur district. This constituency covers the Chhatarpur municipality and part of Chhatarpur tehsil of the district.
Chhatarpur is part of Tikamgarh Lok Sabha constituency along with seven other Vidhan Sabha segments, namely, Maharajpur and Bijawar in this district and Jatara, Prithvipur, Niwari, Tikamgarh and Khargapur in Tikamgarh district.
Members of Legislative Assembly.
As from a constituency of Vindhya Pradesh:
As from a constituency of Madhya Pradesh:

</doc>
<doc id="30980968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30980968" title="Rohan Browne">
Rohan Browne

Rohan Browne is a dancer, actor and singer, who has played various roles in a number of notable productions. His most recent role, as a 31 year old, was as Riff, leader of the Jets, in the Australian 2010 production of West Side Story.
He believes himself to be primarily a dancer, in an interview stating:
"I trained as a dancer, but I’ve played some roles in other shows, which is now pushing me towards more singing and acting. I’m not an amazing singer, but I can sing and I’m not an amazing actor but I’ve learned instinct. How I would categorise myself… dancer, singer, actor." 
Musical Theatre.
Rohan Browne's other musical theatre roles include:
He has also been a part of productions of Grease, Dirty Dancing, Anything Goes, Kiss Me, Kate, Thoroughly Modern Millie, Follies, Mame and the original Boy From Oz. He was nominated for a Green Room Award for his role in Kiss Me Kate.
Dance career.
Rohan was a finalist in the International Ballet Competition in South Africa in 1997, and was a part of the Sydney Dance Company's Tivoli. He also performed as Zeus in Idomeneo for Opera Australia, and in The Nutcracker and Sleeping Beauty with National Theatre Ballet.
Other Notable Achievements.
Rohan has also been featured in numerous television shows including Rove Live and Top of the Pops (Germany), and in the film Happy Feet.
He also worked as assistant choreographer for a show which later toured the New York Musical Theatre Festival, Virgins - A Musical Threesome. He was also a part of workshops for Priscilla Queen Of The Desert, and Chita Rivera's Australian workshop.

</doc>
<doc id="30981004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981004" title="Richard Allison">
Richard Allison

Richard Allison may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30981062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981062" title="Tomb of Seydi Mahmut">
Tomb of Seydi Mahmut

Tomb of Seydi Mahmut Hayrani () is in Akşehir, Konya Province, Turkey.
Seydi Mahmut Hayrani.
Seydi Mahmut was a Sufi mystic and a follower of Mevlana (Rumi). He was born in Harran, what is now a village of Şanlıurfa Province, Turkey. He travelled to Konya and met with Mevlana. Then he travelled to Akşehir about northwest of Konya where he died in 1268. Famous satirical figure Nasreddin Hoca was probably a follower of Seydi Mahmut.
The tomb.
Seydi Mahmut’s tomb is in the old quarter of Akşehir, (at , at the foot of the Sultan Mountains to the south of the city.) There is also a "mescit" (small mosque) next to the tomb. The mescit was the temporary prison reserved for Ottoman sultan Beyazit I after his defeat in the Battle of Ankara in 1402.
While the Ottoman Empire was engaged in ınterregnum following the defeat, Akşehir was incorporated into Karamanid realm and Mehmet II of Karaman rebuilt the tomb in 1409.
Technical details.
The lower stage of the tomb is square, the upper stage is cylindrical and the roof conical. The interior of the tomb is decorated by turquoise stars and hexagonal patterns.
There were four wooden coffins () of high artistic value in the tomb. These coffins were stolen in 1976. One of the coffins is now in the David Samling Museum in Copenhagen, Denmark. Two others were confiscated before they were sent out of Turkey. They are now in Turkish and Islamic Arts Museum in İstanbul.

</doc>
<doc id="30981072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981072" title="International reactions to the Libyan Civil War">
International reactions to the Libyan Civil War

The international reactions to the Libyan civil war were the responses to the series of protests and military confrontations occurring in Libya against the government of Libya and its head of state Muammar Gaddafi.
Many states and supranational bodies condemned Gaddafi's regime over its attacks on civilian targets within the country. Virtually all Western countries cut off diplomatic relations with Gaddafi's government over an aerial bombing campaign in February and March, and a number of other countries led by Peru and Botswana did likewise. The regime's use of the Libyan Air Force to strike civilians led to the adoption of United Nations Security Council Resolution 1973 to create a Libyan no-fly zone on 17 March, though several countries involved in the resolution's enforcement have also carried out regular strike missions to degrade the offensive capacity of the Libyan Army and destroy the regime's command and control capabilities, effectively acting in "de facto" support of anti-Gaddafi forces on the ground. Many members of the international community, including the United Nations, the Arab League, and the African Union, explicitly recognized the anti-Gaddafi National Transitional Council as Libya's legitimate representative, with many of those countries explicitly describing it as the legal interim government of the country due to the perceived loss of legitimacy on the part of Gaddafi's regime.
Many states also either issued travel advisories or attempted evacuations. Some evacuations were successful in either going to Malta or via land borders to Egypt or Tunisia; other attempts were hindered by tarmac damage at Benghazi's airport or refusals of permission to land in Tripoli. There were also several solidarity protests in other countries that were mostly composed of Libyan expatriates. Financial markets around the world had adverse reactions to the instability with oil prices rising to a two-and-a-half-year high.
NGOs and Militant Groups.
Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb condemned Gaddafi and expressed solidarity with the protesters. "We were pained by the carnage and the cowardly massacres carried out by the killer of innocents Gaddafi against our people and our unarmed Muslim brothers who only came to lift his oppression, his disbelief, his tyranny and his might." It also said: " will do whatever we can to help you, with power from Allah, because your fight is the fight of every Muslim who loves Allah and His Messenger. It is time for the impostor, sinful, hard-hearted bastard Gaddafi to meet the same end as Hosni Mubarak and Zine El Abidine Ben Ali. We declare our support and aid to the Libyan revolution in its legitimate demands, and we assure our people in Libya that we are with you and we will not let you down." The statement came amid warnings by the Libyan deputy foreign minister that the group has organised an Islamic emirate in Derna, though some residents of the city claimed this was not true and said the Libyan government was trying to "scare Europe".
Avaaz.org, an international civic organisation, initiated an appeal, to international officials to impose specific actions to stop the violence against civilians and prosecute violators, which collected 400,000 signatures as of 23 February.
Doctors Without Borders issued a statement saying that while there were members in Libya working with wounded protesters more needed to be sent with medical supplies, including necessary surgical materials, and faced difficulties due to blocks on entering the country. Arjan Hehenkamp, the director of operations, said: "All information we receive points towards a critical situation in terms of medical care for the injured. We need to be working alongside Libyan health professionals to care for people who have been caught in the violent clashes over recent days. It is unacceptable that medical staff and supplies are kept away from people who need them."
Juventus was said to be concerned about a 7.5 percent stake in the company owned by the Libyan Arab Foreign Investment Company, otherwise known as Lafico. The shares in Juventus fell 2.3 percent to 84.8 euro on 25 February.
The London School of Economics came under fire for its links with Saif al-Islam Gaddafi. After he got a PhD in 2008 the Gaddafi International Charity and Development Foundation (GICDF) gave the school a gift of £1.5m the following year. A professor, David Held, who was a beneficiary of the gift was also appointed a trustee of GICDF before the gift was formally accepted. The LSE was also said to be investigation allegations of plagiarism and said that the degree can be "revoked if there are substantiated concerns about the manner in which it was attained – for example if there is a later discovery of plagiarism."
The president of the online Tuareg community Tamust said there was consternation among the Tuareg over Gaddafi's precarious position, as many see Gaddafi as a lonely advocate for the Saharan tribe on the international stage. He warned that it would be "legitimate" for the Tuareg to turn back to violence if governments did not address their demands.
On 5 April, Al Jazeera and the Committee to Protect Journalists called on Gaddafi's regime to release three Al Jazeera journalists allegedly being held by Tripoli. The statement from Al Jazeera on 5 April accused the regime of deliberately targeting journalists attempting to report on the war and said that "Libyan authorities have not provided any information about why or where the journalists are being held".
Individuals.
Egyptian Islamist Sheikh Yusuf al-Qaradawi declared his support for the rebels led by the National Transitional Council in the 2011 Libyan civil war, urging Arab nations to recognize them and “to confront the tyranny of the regime in Tripoli". He suggested weapons be sent to the rebels to assist the, and said “Our Islamic nation should stand against injustice and corruption and I urge the Egyptian government to extend a helping hand to Libyan people and not to Gaddafi.” He subsequently issued a fatwa that any Libyan soldier who can shoot Gaddafi should do so "to rid Libya of him."
A French MEP and president of the Front National, Marine Le Pen claimed that the confrontations in Libya pertain to a civil war in which France's interest is not to interfere. She regretted the haste of the French diplomacy which had "prematurely recognized the National Transitional Council which speaks in the name of the Libyan rebels".
United States Senator John McCain, a former presidential candidate, said the U.S. and other states should recognize the National Transitional Council while on a visit to Benghazi in late April. "rebels have earned this right and Gaddafi has forfeited it by waging war on his own people," said McCain, who also expressed concern that the situation could provide an opening for Islamic extremists to gain a foothold in Libya.
Travel advisories and evacuations.
Overview.
During the uprising, many states evacuated their citizens.
Various states including Britain, the United States, Germany, Italy, France, Pakistan, the Netherlands, Turkey, Peru, China, India, Sri Lanka, Nepal, Bangladesh and Greece put into place arrangements for the evacuation of their citizens from the country on 23 February. However evacuation appeared to be difficult due to "chaos" at the international airport in Tripoli as well as a "destroyed" runway at Benina International Airport and the temporary closure of all Libyan ports. Consequently, many international flights, including those of British Airways, were cancelled, although others appeared to operate. Further reports indicated that Libyan harbours in many cities were closed. To address that problem, many governments have sent civilian and military aircraft and ships to evacuate their citizens. TV coverage indicated that the airport in Malta had turned into a hub for various European rescue missions. Both Italy and Bulgaria joined China in warning against all travel to Libya while Spanish Foreign Minister Trinidad Jimenez said counterparts from around the 27-state EU were considering pulling people out, particularly from the eastern opposition stronghold of Benghazi.
May expats and local refugees were fleeing the violence of Tripoli by road, as many as 4,000 people have been crossing the Libya-Tunisia border daily. Among those escaping the violence are foreign nationals including Egyptians, Tunisians, Vietnamese, Chinese and Turks, as well as war-displaced Libyans. During the uprising many countries evacuated its citizens. On 25 February 500 passengers, mostly Americans, sailed into Malta after a rough eight-hour journey from Tripoli and two-day wait for the seas to calm down. A planned evacuation flight for Canadian citizens from Tripoli, for which 213 people had stated they need to board, was grounded in Rome due to lack of coverage by the airline's insurance. A Canadian Foreign Affairs official described the "deteriorating security situation" in Tripoli as the reason for the cancellation.
Greece's Foreign Ministry completed an air evacuation in different cities of Libya for Greek and Cypriot citizens by the use of C-130 military transport planes provided by the Greek Air Force.
Timeline of the evacuations.
On 22 February, British Foreign Secretary William Hague announced that HMS "Cumberland" had been redeployed to Libyan waters where she will assist in the evacuation of British citizens and other nationals. The "Cumberland" entered the Port of Benghazi on 24 February, leaving the same day for Malta with an international collection of passengers that included British, Commonwealth, European and American nationals. "Cumberland" is returning to Benghazi to continue evacuations of foreign nationals.
India has launched a multi pronged sea and air rescue operation to evacuate the 18,000 Indian nationals currently trapped in Libya. Two Indians have died in the clashes between pro and anti-Gaddafi forces. Two aircraft from Air India will shuttle passengers from Libya to Delhi and Mumbai. A chartered passenger vessel will shuttle Indian citizens from Libya to Malta. The Indian Navy vessels INS Jalashwa, INS "Aditya" and INS "Mysore" have been deployed to the region.
Italy sent in an airlift to rescue its 1,500 residents in Libya on 22 February. The Netherlands said it wanted to evacuate 100 of its citizens and prepared an aircraft for the evacuation. It also sent the navy frigate Tromp to lend support by sea. The UK’s Royal Navy frigate HMS Cumberland was sent to international waters near Libya to help with the evacuation if necessary.
Greece, Germany, Austria, Portugal and other EU nations planned or conducted airlifts. A Spanish military plane was already on standby on 22 February.
On 23 February, Turkey has evacuated 5099 nationals within 72 hours of evacuations with charter flights and ferries organized by Turkish government. Also, Turkey readied 2 more frigates to make journey to Libya. The ships that will sail on Wednesday will be escorted by a helicopter and special teams to serve as a deterrent against possible attacks. Both Portugal and Austria sent military planes to Tripoli to evacuate their nationals and those of other EU countries as companies with major interests in the country including British energy giant BP and Italy's Eni and Finmeccanica were also preparing to repatriate their employees. Various states including Britain, Chile, the United States, Germany, Spain, Australia, Greece, Portugal, Germany, France, Austria, Italy, France, Serbia, the Netherlands, Peru, India, China, Sri Lanka, Nepal, and Bangladesh put into place arrangements for the evacuation of their citizens from the country on 23 February.
The Brazilian Government deployed a ship from the Greek port of Piraeus on to fetch 180 of an estimated 600 of its nationals in Benghazi and transported them to Malta, from where they traveled to Brazil. Brazil then obtained permission from the Libyan government for five flights to land in Tripoli to rescue the remainder of its citizens. China was sending Greek ships to evacuate 15,000 of the 30,000 Chinese citizens in Libya. Canada had initially chartered a private aircraft to pick up Canadians and now have a Boeing C-17 Globemaster III from the No. 429 Squadron RCAF on standby in Germany to fly to Tripoli via Rome if and when needed. The Governor General of Canada's plane (Bombardier Challenger 600 from No. 412 Squadron RCAF) is also in Rome (there for state visit) and is on standby as well.
India launched a multi-pronged sea and air rescue operation to evacuate its 18,000 nationals trapped in Libya. Two aircraft from Air India shuttled passengers from Libya to Delhi and Mumbai. A chartered passenger vessel will also shuttle Indian citizens from Libya to Egypt or Malta. The Indian Navy vessels INS Jalashwa, INS Aditya and INS Mysore are being deployed to the region. Two Indians also died during the protests.
On the evening of 25 February a joint British and German operation consisting of two British and two German military transport planes evacuated 22 Germans and about 100 other Europeans, mostly British oil workers from the airport at Nafurah to Crete.
On 27 February, two Royal Air Force C-130 Hercules aircraft with British Special Forces evacuated approximately 100 foreign nationals, mainly UK. Irish, German and Romanian oil workers, to Malta from the desert south of Bengahzi, one of which was shot at and suffered some damage, but no one was injured. The same day Gaddafi's trusted nurse Galyna Kolotnytska arrived back in Ukraine.
In the afternoon of 27 February, it is reported that 57 Nepalis, employed to work in Libya, landed at the Tribhuvan International Airport, but over 1,300 Nepalese nationals are yet to be rescued from the chaos in Libya.
By 28 February, China had already evacuated nearly 29,000 nationals by land, sea and air, using both Crete and Malta as staging posts. Two vessels docked in Valletta, Malta bringing 3,200 workers, mostly Chinese.
By 2 March, The total number of people evacuated by Turkey reached 22,554 which are carried on 67 planes, 5 ships, 1 frigate, as well as other ferries organized by private sector. 3870 of the people evacuated are foreign nationals with rest being Turkish citizens.
Various petroleum companies evacuated their expatriate employees. BP said that it was preparing to evacuate about 40 expatriate workers from Libya, where it has suspended onshore oil exploration due to the political unrest. Norway’s Statoil said it already has started pulling out a handful of international staff and has closed its Tripoli corporate office. Shell said it had completed a withdrawal of its staff on 22 February. Brazilian conglomerate Odebrecht said they were putting into place mandatory evacuations for the nearly 5,000 staff they have in Libya.
Other oil companies also withdrew their employees to ensure their safety, including: Gazprom, Shell, Suncor, Pertamina and BP. Other companies that decided to evacuate their employees include Siemens and Russian Railways.
About 15 Danes who were in Libya working for FLSmidth left on 24 February.
Protests against the government of Libya.
A crowd of about 250 Libyans called on the ambassador to Malta, Saadun Suayeh, to resign and for the Libyan embassy to replace the current Libyan flag with the older Libyan monarchy flag. Suayeh said he would not give in to demands. He stated that Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi "should not go", adding "His (Gaddafi's) presence for the time being is definitely a guarantee for the country's unity,".
About 200 protesters gathered outside the consulate in Istanbul in support of the protesters.
In Albert Square, Manchester in the United Kingdom, over 100 people demonstrated in support of the protesters. In London, protesters gathered outside the embassy. One man scaled the building unchallenged and removed the Libyan flag and replaced it with the flag of the Kingdom of Libya.
UK squatting by 'Topple the Tyrants'.
Topple the Tyrants is an activist group which squatted a London home belonging to Saif al-Islam, son of Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi, in March 2011. The home the group occupied is an eight-bedroom mansion in Hampstead Garden Suburb, London, which had been listed by Saif as for sale for €12.75 million as the 2011 Libyan civil war began.
As of 10 March 2011, Scotland Yard had stated the issue was being treated as a "civil matter", and that no arrests had yet been made.
Mediation proposals.
There were several peace mediation prospects during the crisis. There was some speculation that Tony Blair, who had dealings with Gaddafi in the last few years, would mediate the crisis, Blair instead tried to downplay his dealings with Libyan regime and turned his back on Gaddafi. The South African government also floated the idea of an African Union-led mediation effort to prevent "civil war".
Another initiative came from Venezuelan president Hugo Chávez. Though Gaddafi accepted in principle a proposal by Chávez to negotiate a settlement between the opposition and the Libyan government, Saif al-Islam, later voiced some skepticism to the proposal. On news of Gaddafi in principle accepting the Chávez's proposal for international mediation, there was a worldwide decrease in oil and gold prices. The proposal is also under consideration by the Arab League, according to chairman Amr Moussa. The Libyan opposition was cold to the proposal, saying that while they are willing to save lives, any deal would have to involve Gaddafi stepping down, while the US and French governments dismissed any initiative that would allow Gaddafi to remain in power.
International aid.
On 2 March, the Royal Navy destroyer HMS "York" had arrived in Benghazi carrying medical supplies and other humanitarian aid donated by the Swedish government. The medical supplies, a donation to the Benghazi Medical Centre, were supposed to have been flown direct to Benghazi airport but when the airport was closed down, they were diverted to Malta. They were transferred from the airport to the frigate at short notice by the Armed Forces of Malta. On 8 March, a convoy of trucks from the United Nations World Food Programme (WFP) had entered Libya and was due to arrive in the eastern port city of Benghazi on the same day, the WFP said in a statement. A convoy carrying seventy metric tonnes of high-energy date bars crossed the Egyptian border overnight on its way to the eastern port. On 7 March, U.N. aid coordinator Valerie Amos stated that fighting across Libya meant that more than a million people fleeing or inside the country needed humanitarian aid.
Financial markets.
Regional financial stock-market indices fell on 20 February on concern of spreading instability. Global stock markets fell the next day. On 22 February, crude oil and bonds climbed while Asian stocks fell on concern for stability in OPEC-member state Libya. US stock-market futures also dropped on the first working day following the aerial bombardments of protesters.
On 27 February, Saudi Arabia's Tadawul stock market index fell to a six-month low along with other regional Arab markets due to the clashes in Libya that caused a price increase in oil and amid fears that a recovery from the global economic crisis would slow. The following day Asian stock also declined because of the unrest.
Media.
Libya's state television made no mention of the anti-government protests in the eastern provinces of the country, and continued with its usual programming until 17 February. During the morning news bulletin on 16 February, state TV repeatedly showed demonstrations in support of Colonel Gaddafi, which were about 200 to 300 strong and allegedly "from across the country". At one point a crowd could be heard chanting anti-Al Jazeera slogans. The Qatar-based outlet channel had started broadcasting footage from a pro-Gaddafi demonstration live from Sirte, Gaddafi's home town, that numbered 1,000. State TV also showed live coverage of a speech by Gaddafi from the previous evening, in which he denounced both the United States and their alleged "Zionist" allies in front of a cheering crowd on 16 February. It also began broadcasting images of burning buildings and cars in what viewers said was the first time government media had acknowledged the growing unrest in the east, which it suggested was spreading to the point that the government had no choice but to address it directly, possibly even with force of arms on the 20th. Gaddafi was shown with his supporters during a rally in Nalut on 19 February.
Libya's privately owned and London-based electronic newspaper "al-Yawm", which reports favourably on Gaddafi's son, Saif al-Islam, was the only Libyan source of any kind to freely report on the anti-Gaddafi protests in both the cities of Benghazi and Bayda. The paper usually carries balanced, un-opinionated reporting published a total of 16 articles on the anti-Gaddafi regime protests, quoting allegedly tapped "trustworthy" sources in Benghazi and Bayda, and carried no reports on the pro-Gaddafi demonstrations in Tripoli. Four protesters were killed in Bayda, the "Al-Yawm" paper said, as a crowd attempted to storm the Internal Security Building, set fire two cars and the burnt down headquarters of the local traffic police on 16 February.
According to the state-owned "Al-Shams" and "Al-Jamahiriya" newspapers, mobile phone users were sent a text message warning them against taking to the streets on 17 February as a result of "directives from the state security service", which is the body that monitors and controls the country's two mobile telecommunications networks. The front page of Al-Jamahiriya was dedicated to pro-Gaddafi demonstrations and his timely public appearance at the Ahly football Club in Tripoli the day before, while state-owned Al-Shams led exclusively with coverage of this event. It later added that additional security forces had been bussed in to "control" the situation and that they had "out-of-town" accents "and foreign agents".
"Quryna", which had once been a part of Saif-al-Islam's "Al-Ghad Media Corporation" but was taken over by the state in 2010, carried an upbeat report about order being restored in Benghazi. One article reported on the families of "17 February martyrs" who met Gaddafi and condemned the protests.
Domestically, BBC News reported on 18 February, that the "leading pro-government newspaper", "Al-Zahf Al-Akhdar", has adopted a seemingly uncompromising stance towards the protests, stating:
State TV broadcast images of Colonel Gaddafi paying a brief visit to Tripoli's Green Square, early on 18 February, during which supporters chanted pro-government slogans. "BBC News" stated that "diplomats reported the use of heavy weapons in Benghazi," on 18 February. The government imposed a near-total news blackout, and foreign reporters are banned from the country, although at least one "BBC" reporter has ignored this and is broadcasting from opposition controlled Benghazi, as was "Al Jazeera". The British newspaper, the "Independent Online", reported on 20 February that at least one state-run newspaper, "Al-Zahf Alakhdar", blamed the protests on Zionism.
Additional developments.
No-fly zone.
Prime Minister David Cameron of the United Kingdom proposed the idea of a no-fly zone to prevent Gaddafi from airlifting mercenaries and using his military aeroplanes and armoured helicopters against civilians. Italy said it would support a no-fly zone if it was backed by the United Nations. U.S. Secretary of Defense Robert M. Gates was cautious on this option, warning the US Congress that a no-fly zone would have to begin with an attack on Libya's air defenses. This proposal was rejected by Russia and China. On 7 March, US Ambassador to NATO Ivo Daalder announced that NATO decided to step up surveillance missions to 24 hours a day. On the same day it was reported that one UN diplomat confirmed to AFP on condition of anonymity that France and Britain were drawing up a resolution on the no-fly zone and it go before the United Nations Security Council as early as this week.
On 8 March, the GCC issued a joint statement, calling on the UN Security Council to impose a no-fly zone on Libya to protect civilians. On Saturday 12 March the foreign ministers of the Arab League agreed to ask the UN Security Council to impose a no-fly zone over Libya. The Group of Eight met in Paris on 14 March to discuss their potential support of a no-fly zone. On 17 March, the United Nations Security Council voted to impose a no-fly zone, and other measures, to protect the Libyan people.
Relations with the rebels.
On 4 March, one British diplomat, accompanied by a Secret Intelligence Service officer and six Special Forces troops were landed by helicopter close to Benghazi. However, they were quickly surrounded by the local militia who demanded to know who they were and what they were doing. They claimed that they were unarmed but their weapons were discovered and they were detained. Then Richard Northern, the British ambassador to Libya, was purportedly recorded having a conversation with one of the rebel leaders to try to solve the situation (this tape was played on Libyan state television). On 6 March, the British were released but their weapons were confiscated. The British left Libya by the frigate HMS "Cumberland", which docked briefly in Benghazi before setting sail to Malta.
On 7 March, Robert Fisk of "The Independent" reported that the US government had asked Saudi Arabia if it could supply weapons to the rebels in Benghazi. The Saudis have been told that the opponents of Gaddafi need anti-tank rockets, mortars and surface-to-air missiles. However, on 8 March the US State Department denied the reports and that the United States would arm opposition groups without explicit international authorization. It maintained that United Nations Security Council Resolution 1970, which imposed international sanctions on Libya including an arms embargo, applied to both the Gaddafi regime and the rebel groups.
U.S. global security consultancy Stratfor reported that Egypt's special operations force Unit 777 and Tunisian volunteers were in Libya fighting for the rebels.
On 10 March, France became the first nation to recognize the National Transitional Council as the sole Representative of Libya.
Gaddafi's death.
On 20 October 2011, Muammar Gaddafi was killed while attempting to flee the Battle of Sirte at the end of the war. NATO forces involved in the military intervention in Libya were among the participants in the battle, and warplanes and at least one unmanned aerial vehicle operated by coalition partners struck Gaddafi's convoy, leaving him seriously injured and forcing him to abandon his retreat from the city. Opposition fighters located Gaddafi and took him into custody later that day, but he died from a gunshot wound to the head before reaching the hospital in Misrata.
Many countries responded to Gaddafi's death by pronouncing it to mark the end of "tyranny" in Libya, with some world leaders even describing it as the end of the war. However, a few countries, such as Venezuela, Russia, met the news with anger, calling his death an "outrage".

</doc>
<doc id="30981100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981100" title="Perfect Timing (Outlawz album)">
Perfect Timing (Outlawz album)

Perfect Timing is the sixth studio album by American hip-hop group Outlawz, consisting of members Hussein Fatal, Young Noble and E.D.I.. The album was released on September 13, 2011; the anniversary of 2Pac's death. Confirmed guests for the album include Bun B, Tech N9ne, Scarface, Krayzie Bone, Young Buck, Lloyd, among others.

</doc>
<doc id="30981112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981112" title="Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde (radio)">
Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde (radio)

"Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde" is a 1932 English language radio drama based on the same novel by Robert Louis Stevenson. This radio adaptation takes some liberties from Stevenson's novel, like Henry Jekyll being in his 20s rather than 40s as mentioned in the novel, and having an element of romance. There are 52 fifteen-minute episodes, painting Henry Jekyll's life from childhood till his miserable death.
The first 10 episodes of this radio drama series can be downloaded from The Archive.org Website

</doc>
<doc id="30981118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981118" title="Gedo Education Committee">
Gedo Education Committee

Gedo Education Committee or GEC for short is an education service organization which is based in south west Somali region of Gedo.
History.
GEC was created to unite the school systems in the seven districts of Gedo region. Gedo Region's seven school districts are Beled Hawo, Bardera, Buurdhuubo, Doolow, El Wak, Garbaharey and Luuq.
Background.
For more than a decade, starting mid 1990s, disconnected schools appeared all across Gedo region. GEC chairman Ahmed Abdirahman Kaynan, thought of creating a center which cateres to all school districts in terms of unified curriculum and exam board center.
Mr. Kaynan has long experience in working with educational institutions and setting up school boards. Uniting schools from seven school boards in all seven districts of Gedo will create an estimated student body of 60,000 students from grade one to grade 12.
GEC Location.
GEC is headquartered in Bardera, Gedo's largest city. All cities from Dolow to El Wak will have representatives sitting in the administration office.
GEC Teacher Training Services.
One of the GEC's important activities will be offering annual teacher training opportunities in Gedo region as well as seminars designed to enhance teachers' qualities.
Teacher training services will increase the available pool teachers in Gedo where districts can draw more teacher for their school systems.
Exam Board.
GEC's exam board is based in Bardera. Some of the task this office performs include preparing exams for all districts and grading final exams collected from grade and the last year of high school as the custom is in East Africa school systems.
Schools Needing Urgent Curriculum Cohesion.
Currently, towns in Gedo which have the largest school populations are Bardera, Beled Hawo, Garbaharey, El Ade, Luuq, Buurdhuubo, and Doolow. Only Bardera, Garbaharey, Beled Hawo and El Ade have up to secondary schools. El Wak and Dolow have the least district level school developments.
High school students from Gedo region have an opportunity to be part of new in-takes from the University of Gedo and Bardera Polytechnic. Each year about 300 students will find tertiary study spots at these institutions and they are both based in Bardera. 

</doc>
<doc id="30981124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981124" title="Monte Argentera">
Monte Argentera

Monte Argentera is a mountain in the Maritime Alps, in the province of Cuneo, Piedmont, northern Italy. With an elevation of , it is the highest peak in the range.
The peak is located in the upper Valle Gesso, on the boundary between the municipalities of Entracque and Valdieri. Geologically, it is formed by gneiss of various composition, with local outcrops of granite.
SOIUSA classification.
According to the SOIUSA ("International Standardized Mountain Subdivision of the Alps") the mountain can be classified in the following way:

</doc>
<doc id="30981170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981170" title="Kuwaiti Constitutional Convention election, 1961">
Kuwaiti Constitutional Convention election, 1961

Constitutional Convention elections were held in Kuwait on 30 December 1961, having originally been planned for 1 November.
It was the country's first-ever election, and elected a body responsible for drawing up a constitution. Around 40,000 men were eligible to vote, with turnout of registered voters at 90.0%. A total of 74 candidates stood for the 20 elected seats.

</doc>
<doc id="30981181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981181" title="OpenDJ">
OpenDJ

OpenDJ is an open source Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (LDAPv3) and Directory Service Markup Language (DSMLv2) compliant directory service written in the Java programming language. OpenDJ began as a fork of the OpenDS code base, which originated in 2005 as an internal project at Sun Microsystems started by Neil A. Wilson, and later grew into an open source project, maintained by Oracle Corporation following Oracle's acquisition of Sun. OpenDJ source code is available under the Common Development and Distribution License (CDDL).
History.
OpenDJ began after the acquisition of Sun Microsystems by Oracle. At that time, Oracle announced that Sun OpenDS Standard Edition was not seen as a strategic product, although the investment on the OpenDS source code would continue. Sun had supported commercial versions of Sun OpenDS Standard Edition since version 1.0 in 2008.
Mid-September 2010, Ludovic Poitou, then OpenDS community leader and co-project owner, left Oracle for ForgeRock.
In October 2010, Oracle provided an OpenDS 2.2.1 update to the community with several fixes.
In December 2010, ForgeRock released OpenDJ 2.4.0 including fixes and support for new features like Collective Attributes, Microsoft Active Directory Permissive Modification Control, and multiple objectclass inheritance.
In late January 2011 Matthew Swift, previously "responsible for the core server" of the OpenDS project joined ForgeRock to work on OpenDJ as product architect. Starting in mid-February 2011, ForgeRock began to build an "OpenDJ product suite, comprising an open source LDAP Directory Server, client tools, and LDAP SDK" as a Maven project, with the tools and SDK modules appearing first.
On February 19, 2011 Clayton Donley, Sr. Director, Development in Oracle Identity Management, insisted "that the bulk of the commits to this code base have been and continue to be made by people that remain employed by Oracle."
Roadmap.
ForgeRock posted an OpenDJ roadmap through release 4, targeted for 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="30981183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981183" title="Xanthorhoe abrasaria">
Xanthorhoe abrasaria

Xanthorhoe abrasaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in the northern part of the Palearctic ecozone and the Nearctic ecozone.
The wingspan is 21–24 mm. Adults are on wing in July. There is one generation per year.
The larvae have been recorded feeding on "Galium" species.

</doc>
<doc id="30981185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981185" title="Kuwaiti general election, 1963">
Kuwaiti general election, 1963

Parliamentary elections were held in Kuwait on 23 January 1963. A total of 205 candidates contested the 50 seats, with pro-government candidates emerging as the largest bloc. Voter turnout was 85.0%.

</doc>
<doc id="30981188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981188" title="Miracle Park (community)">
Miracle Park (community)

Miracle Park is a religious community outside of Pahokee, Florida that serves as a home for convicted sex offenders. It was created by Richard Witherow, a minister working in prisons for 30 years, as an answer to sex offender registration laws that strictly limit where offenders may live.
Such laws prohibit offenders from living within a certain distance of places where children gather, such as schools, parks, and places of worship. Within the limits of these rules, offenders may be unable to find available housing in populated areas, in some cases ending up homeless.
The complex is operated by Witherow's Matthew 25 Ministries, an organization with the stated goal of providing prison aftercare. According to the organization's own website, they do not minister to pedophiles, though some of the residents have been convicted of molesting minors and/or possession of child pornography.
In October 2010, the community included 66 registered sex offenders; by July 2013 there were 100.
Controversy.
The mayor of nearby Pahokee, Wayne Whitaker, stated that he was unaware that offenders were being recruited to live there and that he believed having so many live together would be "very, very risky."
Previously, the complex was known as Pelican Lake Village and housed ordinary families. After working out a deal with Matthew 25 Ministries to lease the property, the owner, Alston Management Inc., informed residents with school age children that they would have to leave or be evicted. Federal law prohibits discrimination against families with children, except in certain cases such as communities for the elderly.
Witherow is being sued by the Legal Aid Society of Palm Beach County and the Florida Equal Justice Center on behalf of some residents.
An aide to U.S. Representative Alcee Hastings was quoted as saying in regard to the creation of Miracle Park, "I'll be damned if I'm going to let this go down without a fight."

</doc>
<doc id="30981202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981202" title="Kuwaiti general election, 1967">
Kuwaiti general election, 1967

Parliamentary elections were held in Kuwait on 25 January 1967. Pro-government candidates remained the largest bloc in Parliament. Voter turnout was 65.6%.

</doc>
<doc id="30981206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981206" title="Pablo Villamar">
Pablo Villamar

Pablo Villamar Díaz (born January 1961) is a Galician politician. He is Vice president of Province of A Coruña in Galicia.
Born in Narón (Galicia), was organizative Technical in the company Navantia, came into the world of politics for the year 1977. Connected to the Galician nationalism since young became part of the Galician Nationalist Bloc (BNG), in 1999 assumed relief institutional functions. First as a councilman in Narón between the years 1999 and 2003, later as deputy in the province of A Coruña dedicated to the area of tourism (2003-2007) and finally as vice president of the "Deputación da Coruña", a position he acquired in 2007 and it retains today.

</doc>
<doc id="30981213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981213" title="Czech records in track cycling">
Czech records in track cycling

The following are the national records in track cycling in Czech Republic maintained by the Czech Cycling Federation (in Czech: "Český Svaz Cyklistiky"). 

</doc>
<doc id="30981216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981216" title="Takuya Kawaguchi">
Takuya Kawaguchi

Takuya Kawaguchi (川口 卓哉, born October 11, 1978) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="30981218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981218" title="Kuwaiti general election, 1971">
Kuwaiti general election, 1971

Parliamentary elections were held in Kuwait on 23 January 1971. A total of 183 candidates contested the election, which saw pro-government candidates remain the largest bloc in Parliament. Voter turnout was 51.6%.

</doc>
<doc id="30981224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981224" title="Xanthorhoe annotinata">
Xanthorhoe annotinata

Xanthorhoe annotinata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in the northern part of the Palearctic ecozone. It is found in mountainous areas.
The wingspan is 22–30 mm. There is one generation per year with adults on wing from mid June to July.
The larvae have been recorded feeding on "Vaccinium myrtillus". Larvae can be found from July to May. The species overwinters in the larval stage.

</doc>
<doc id="30981242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981242" title="Kuwaiti general election, 1975">
Kuwaiti general election, 1975

Parliamentary elections were held in Kuwait on 27 January 1975. Around 260 candidates contested the election, which saw pro-government candidates remain the largest bloc in Parliament. Voter turnout was 60.1%.

</doc>
<doc id="30981270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981270" title="Bijawar (Vidhan Sabha constituency)">
Bijawar (Vidhan Sabha constituency)

Bijawar Vidhan Sabha constituency () is one of the 230 Vidhan Sabha (Legislative Assembly) constituencies of Madhya Pradesh state in central India. This constituency came into existence in 1951, as one of the 48 Vidhan Sabha constituencies of the erstwhile Vindhya Pradesh state. 
Overview.
Bijawar (constituency number 52) is one of the 6 Vidhan Sabha constituencies located in Chhatarpur district. This constituency covers the Satai and Bijawar nagar panchayats and parts of Chhatarpur, Bijawar and Rajnagar tehsils of the district.
Bijawar is part of Tikamgarh Lok Sabha constituency along with seven other Vidhan Sabha segments, namely, Maharajpur and Chhatarpur in this district and Jatara, Prithvipur, Niwari, Tikamgarh and Khargapur in Tikamgarh district.
Members of Legislative Assembly.
As from a constituency of Vindhya Pradesh:
As from a constituency of Madhya Pradesh:

</doc>
<doc id="30981272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981272" title="Mobilization of the Bulgarian Army in 1915">
Mobilization of the Bulgarian Army in 1915

The mobilization of the Bulgarian Army on the eve of Bulgaria's entry into World War I took place between 11 and 30 September 1915. It was a direct consequence of the military convention between the German Empire, Austria-Hungary and Bulgaria and the Treaty of Friendship and Alliance between Bulgaria and Germany that were signed on 6 September, marking the official alignment of the country with the Central Powers.
Preparations for the mobilization.
The overall internal situation of Bulgaria following the two Balkan Wars remained greatly strained. The acquisition of around 18,000 km2 of new land with its over 400,000 inhabitants failed to compensate for the loss of Southern Dobrudja, one of the country's most fertile regions; the approximately 176,000 casualties; and enormous financial costs. Agriculture, which was the leading sector of the economy, was badly affected and could no longer rely on Southern Dobrudja's annual grain harvest of up to 150,000 tonnes. The number of available horses, sheep and cattle was also lower when compared with 1912. Annual meat production was about 105,629 tonnes when the amount needed to sustain an army of 600,000 for a year was estimated at 87,600 tonnes. External trade and the public finances in this period were also characterized by a widening negative imbalance. It was reckoned that in case of war the country could not afford to feed, clothe and replace the manpower losses of an army greater than half a million men without severely undermining the economy. 
Following the end of the Second Balkan War the Bulgarian Army was demobilized and brought to a peacetime level of 5,220 officers and 80,079 soldiers. The Bulgarian General Staff initially drafted several mobilization plans that required the armed forces to be deployed in times of war much in the same manner as in the First Balkan War in regards to their structure and organization. However, the analysis of the army's performance during the Balkan Wars yielded several lessons that served as the basis for several important structural changes in the planned wartime organization of the army and its units. Specifically, some of the infantry regiments were reformed to include three battalions instead of the usual four, new Etappe regiments were created (each army and division had one attached to it), and the two artillery regiments of each division formed an artillery brigade.
Mobilization.
Late in the evening of 9 September 1915, tsar Ferdinand and prime minister Vasil Radoslavov signed a decree of general mobilization declaring 11 September as its first operational day. The Bulgarian General Staff began carrying out all the tasks concerning the mobilization. Special attention was focused on the border with Serbia where the main Bulgarian forces had to be deployed. This was necessary as the Serbian high command was aware of the Bulgarian preparations and had deployed half its fully mobilized and organized army on the Bulgarian border, ready to deliver a heavy blow against the Bulgarian Army while it was still in a vulnerable stage of mobilization and concentration. This bold idea however was soon dropped because the Allied command still thought that Bulgaria could be persuaded to join the Entente. 
The initial phase of the mobilization was carried out with comparatively few difficulties but still was slower and lacked the widely displayed enthusiasm of its counterpart in 1912. The forces began deploying on the fifth day after the mobilization was ordered. Three armies were activated - two of them were to be used against Serbia and one was kept for protection of the border with Romania. Additional forces had to be posted to guard the still neutral Greece which had a defensive treaty with Serbia. 
The mobilization period lasted between 17 and 18 days, during which it was covered from the Serbians only by border guards. By the end of September the total number of mobilized personnel reached 15,908 officers and 600,772 soldiers (12-13% of the population), some 19,224 reservists however were absent. These forces were divided between the three field armies, several independent units and the troops stationed in the interior of the country. As planned and agreed with the Military Convention the 1st Army concentrated on the old border with Serbia and was placed under the command of Army Group Mackensen. The 2nd Army was deployed against Vardar Macedonia and remained under direct Bulgarian control. The 3rd Army was tasked with the protection of the Romanian border. Two divisions were stationed on the Greek border and another one was kept as reserve of the high command.
A total of 390 battalions were mobilized - some 232 infantry and 11 pioneer battalions within the eleven infantry divisions containing 469,140 men; another 75 battalions containing 86,444 men were independent; 31 militia and 41 supplementary battalions containing 64,845 men remained in the interior of the country. The artillery of various caliber was deployed in 219 batteries - 94 batteries with 409 guns in the 1st Army, 44 batteries with 182 guns in the 2nd Army, 50 batteries with 401 guns in the 3rd Army and 31 batteries with 130 guns in the three independent divisions. The cavalry mobilized around 62 squadrons.
All but one division retained the three infantry brigade structure typical for a Bulgarian division. The total personnel of most divisions was over 40,000 men, which made them the equivalent of the army corps in other armies.
The material situation of the mobilized army fell short of expectations as there were 372,603 rifles instead of the 521,509 that were envisaged in the plans, each artillery gun had about 500 shells, and the army was also short of clothes and footwear for all the troops.
Aftermath.
Following the mobilization of 1915 the Bulgarian General Staff was left with few unmobilized reservists. In order to secure a source of reinforcements for the army it opened new military schools for young infantry, cavalry, artillery officers and soldiers. Thus from the end of 1915 until the beginning of 1918 the four regular annual contingents of young conscripts were called and received their training. Their total number was 214,343 and was sufficient for the replacing the 181,515 casualties that had occurred. The exact number of all the mobilized men during the war however remains unclear. Some sources point at a number of 1,200,000 men which seems to be on the high side but still may be close to the truth. When trying to determine the precise number it must be taken into account that towards September 1918 the Bulgarian Army reached a strength ranging between 855,175 and 877,392 men under arms in all branches of the service, or some 18% of the population, and that for the duration of the war the army also used the manpower of the territories it had liberated – some 133,837 men from the Macedonian regions were mobilized. 

</doc>
<doc id="30981274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981274" title="Örn Árnason">
Örn Árnason

Örn Árnason (born 19 June 1959) is an Icelandic actor, comedian and screenwriter, best known as a member of the comedy group "Spaugstofan". He has starred in a number of films and television series since the 1980s, as well as acting in the National Theatre of Iceland. He is noted for his satirical portrayals of public figures, including former Icelandic Prime Minister Davíð Oddsson. Örn hosted the children's morning program "Með Afa" on "Stöð 2". He is the son of actor Árni Tryggvason.

</doc>
<doc id="30981283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981283" title="Vendelsö IK">
Vendelsö IK

Vendelsö IK is a Swedish football club located in Haninge in Stockholm County.
Background.
Vendelsö Idrottsklubb were formed on the 16th March 1941. The club currently has around 2,500 members and runs football, floorball, and table tennis from the seniors to the "junior" level. The club also had an ice hockey section which merged with Haninge HF and Västerhaninge IF in May 2013 to become Haninge Anchors HC.
Since their foundation, Vendelsö IK's football team has participated mainly in the middle and lower divisions of the Swedish football league system. The club currently plays in Division 3 Södra Svealand which is the fifth tier of Swedish football. They play their home matches at the Torvalla IP in Haninge.
Vendelsö IK are affiliated to Stockholms Fotbollförbund.
Recent History.
In recent seasons Vendelsö IK have competed in the following divisions:
2011 - Division III, Södra Svealand
2010 - Division IV, Stockholm Södra
2009 - Division IV, Stockholm Södra
2008 - Division V, Stockholm Södra
2007 - Division IV, Stockholm Södra
2006 - Division IV, Stockholm Södra
2005 - Division V, Stockholm Södra
2004 - Division V, Stockholm Södra
2003 - Division IV, Stockholm Södra
2002 - Division IV, Stockholm Södra
2001 - Division IV, Stockholm Södra
2000 - Division V, Stockholm Södra
1999 - Division V, Stockholm Södra
Attendances.
In recent seasons Vendelsö IK have had the following average attendances:

</doc>
<doc id="30981298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981298" title="Enciastraia">
Enciastraia

Enciastraia (French: "Tête de l'Enchastraye") is a mountain in the Maritime Alps, on the boundary between the province of Cuneo (Piedmont, northern Italy) and the French region of Provence-Alpes-Côte-d'Azur.
SOIUSA classification.
According to the SOIUSA ("International Standardized Mountain Subdivision of the Alps") the mountain can be classified in the following way:

</doc>
<doc id="30981305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981305" title="Rick Bertrand">
Rick Bertrand

Rick Bertrand, (born December 22, 1969) is a Republican politician and legislator from the state of Iowa. He was elected to the Iowa Senate in 2010. He represents District 7, which serves the Sioux City area.
After graduating from Bishop Heelan High School, he attended Iowa Central Community College before obtaining a degree at the University of Northern Iowa in Political Science. He is on the board of directors for the Sioux City Art Center. Before being elected to the state senate, he unsuccessfully ran for the 2nd district seat of the Iowa House of Representatives in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="30981358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981358" title="Smerinthus visinskasi">
Smerinthus visinskasi

Smerinthus visinskasi is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from north-western Kazakhstan.

</doc>
<doc id="30981382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981382" title="Erica abietina">
Erica abietina

Erica abietina is a species of erica that was naturally restricted to the south-western corner of the Western Cape, South Africa.
It produces masses of pink or red flowers and has 7 main subspecies - some of which are very rare. These subspecies are often classed as separate species as they do not readily hybridise.
Subspecies.
This plant grows very easily and well in urban capetonian gardens and is increasingly popular as an ornamental plant.

</doc>
<doc id="30981391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981391" title="Smerinthulus designata">
Smerinthulus designata

Smerinthulus designata is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from China.

</doc>
<doc id="30981414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981414" title="Ines Abassi">
Ines Abassi

Ines Abassi (born 1982) is a Tunisian poet and journalist. She has published two volumes of poetry to date, both of which have received regional literary awards. She also spent a six-month residency in Seoul and wrote "Tales of the Korean Scheherezade" out of that experience. Her work has been published in numerous outlets including the literary magazine Banipal where her work was included in an issue devoted to Modern Tunisian Literature.
Abassi currently works as a journalist in the UAE.

</doc>
<doc id="30981422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981422" title="Smerinthulus diehli">
Smerinthulus diehli

Smerinthulus diehli is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Thailand, Malaysia and Indonesia (Sumatra and Borneo).
It is similar to "Degmaptera olivacea" but has pinker hindwings and whitish bands and markings on the forewing.

</doc>
<doc id="30981428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981428" title="Rocca dei Tre Vescovi">
Rocca dei Tre Vescovi

Rocca dei Tre Vescovi (French: "Rocher des Trois Évêques") is a mountain in the Maritime Alps, on the boundary between the province of Cuneo (Piedmont, northern Italy) and the French region of Provence-Alpes-Côte-d'Azur.
Located near the Maddalena Pass, it is joined to the nearby Enciastraia peak by a ridge. The name, meaning "Rock of the Three Bishops", derives from the fact that the mount is on the intersection point of three Catholic dioceses, those of Cuneo, Nice and Digne.
SOIUSA classification.
According to the SOIUSA ("International Standardized Mountain Subdivision of the Alps") the mountain can be classified in the following way:

</doc>
<doc id="30981440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981440" title="Smerinthulus quadripunctatus">
Smerinthulus quadripunctatus

Smerinthulus quadripunctatus is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Thailand and Sundaland.
The ground colour of the forewing is dull reddish yellow in the male, darker and more reddish in the female. There is a dark discal spot and a series of fine, irregular dark fasciae.

</doc>
<doc id="30981441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981441" title="El Général">
El Général

Hamada Ben Amor (), better known by his stage name El Général (), is a Tunisian rap musician. His song "Rais Lebled", released in December 2010, has been described as the "anthem of the Jasmine Revolution".
Ben Amor has been making mainly political rap songs for about two years. The songs were previously kept underground by the strict censorship of the autocratic regime of Tunisian president Zine El Abidine Ben Ali. On December 24, 2010, two days after his second famous protest song "Tunisia Our Country" was released on YouTube and Facebook and one week after the protests in Tunisia began, he was arrested by Tunisian police. Three days later, Ben Amor was released, after being forced to sign a statement to no longer make any political songs.
After the overthrow of Ben Ali, his songs enjoyed enormous popularity in Tunisia, particularly "Rais Lebled" which became known as the anthem of the revolution and gained him international recognition.

</doc>
<doc id="30981456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981456" title="Adolphe-Félix Cals">
Adolphe-Félix Cals

Adolphe-Félix Cals (17 October 1810 – 3 October 1880) was a French portrait, genre, and landscape painter.
Life and work.
Cals initially trained as an engraver under Jean-Louis Anselin, then went on to study art at the atelier of Léon Cogniet. However he parted company with his (neoclassical-influenced) teacher, owing to the latter's lack of appreciation for the emerging impressionist movement in art.
In 1863, Cals exhibited at the "Salon des Refusés", alongside works by Monet, Degas and Pissarro. Art dealer Pierre–Firmin Martin, known as "Father Martin", liked his work, and Cals went on to paint portraits of Martin and his wife (now in the "Musée Eugène Boudin" in Honfleur). So began the next phase of his career; influenced by Jean-Baptiste-Camille Corot and Johan Barthold Jongkind, he worked in more subdued, less fawn-coloured tones, more closely matching the Impressionists without adopting the "purple-violet which some painters are flooding their paintings with"—as Victor Jannesson remarked in his book on Cals (see bibliography)
Having divided his time between Paris and Honfleur since 1871, he finally decided to settle down, in 1873, in Honfleur, a port in Normandy which was home to many painters, and has been called "the cradle of impressionism". A friend of Jongkind, he regularly visited the "Saint-Simeon Farm", an inn in Honfleur, famous as a meeting place for artists and writers, such as Claude Monet, Eugène Boudin and Baudelaire, as well as Jongkind himself.
Having settled, with his daughter, in Honfleur during the last decade of his life, Cals painted the harbor, the sea and its associated human life. At the invitation of Monet, he participated in the first Impressionist exhibition in 1874 and 1876, until 1881.
Cals died in Honfleur on 3 October 1880, aged 69.

</doc>
<doc id="30981467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981467" title="Aeronix Airelle">
Aeronix Airelle

The Aeronix Airelle is a tandem wing ultralight with twin engines in push-pull configuration, that was designed and built in France at the start of the millennium. Intended to be homebuilt from kits, a few prototypes were constructed but development ended when the company went into receivership in 2006.
Design and development.
Design of the Airelle began in 1999 and a one third scale model flew the following October. The full scale Airelle was formally introduced with a mock-up at the Paris air show held at le Bourget in June 2003, though its first flight was made in February 2002.
Its layout was very unusual, both in that it had a tandem pair of wings and that its twin engines were in push-pull configuration. The rear wing had the greater span and chord, and was swept (at 30°) and tapered, with outward-leaning fins and rudders at its tips. rather as in traditional lifting canard aircraft. However, the unswept, straight tapered foreplane had a much greater fore/rear wing span ratio (about 80%) than most of this type, for example 66% for the World War II Miles Libellula. The whole trailing edge of each rear wing, which had a dihedral of 2°, was occupied by a combination of outboard mass balanced ailerons and inboard plain flaps. The foreplane had full span elevators and slightly turned down tips. The wings, like the rest of the Airelle's structure, were largely carbon fibre. The fins had inward turned tips. The Airelle's rudders had several modes of operation: used together they controlled yaw, as normal; they could be split on one side only, as spoilers; or both faces could separate to act as airbrakes.
The Airelle's fuselage was short, with the centrally hinged, forward opening, transparent cabin doors between the wings and engines. Both two and four seat variants were planned. A glass cockpit and a control system without rudder bars was fitted. The fuselage was deeper aft, carrying the rear wing higher than the foreplane. The prototype Airelles were powered by 30 kW (40 hp) Zazottera flat four engines, though Hirth F2ES engines of the same power were planned for production aircraft and a projected VLA version was intended to take engines of up 75 kW (100 hp). The Airelle had a tricycle undercarriage with sprung, composite main legs mounted on the fuselage.
Operational history.
After the Paris Air Show of 2003, Aeronix concentrated on promoting and delivering kits of the ultralight version, with deliveries starting that year. By June, 7 had been sold. By 2005 at least 5 had been built and the third prototype, with the French experimental registration "F-WATC" flew at that year's Paris show. By that time the, first two Airelles were in store at the Aeronix factory, the second prototype having been damaged in an engine fire during testing. The fifth Airelle was prepared for a Pole to Pole publicity flight, equipped with non-standard instrumentation. Gary Purdom, the company test pilot, was to fly the aircraft; but before it could be done Aeronix went into receivership in February 2006. 

</doc>
<doc id="30981472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981472" title="Kunwara">
Kunwara

Kunwara is an Indian Hindi film directed by David Dhawan, released on 14 July 2000. The film stars Govinda, Urmila Matondkar, Nagma, Om Puri and Johnny Lever in lead roles. The film is a remake of Bavagaru Bagunnara?
Plot.
Raju (Govinda) and Urmila (Urmila Matondkar) meet in New Zealand and fall in love. They plan to meet again very soon in India. On the way, Raju meets a woman named Sharmila (Naghma), a heartbroken, suicidal pregnant woman who tells Raju of her cruel boyfriend. In order to save her respect, Raju decides to play her husband and they return together Sharmila's home, where he meets her family. However, soon enough, Raju finds out that Urmila is none other than Sharmila's sister.
Reception and awards.
"Kunwara" received mostly negative reviews from critics, although some of the performances were received well. Sukanya Verma from Rediff.com wrote, "Don't ask any questions. Don't look for any kind of logic. Go with the flow. Otherwise, you're not ready for this David Dhawan-Govinda flick." Taran Adarsh of Bollywood Hungama criticised the film, concluding, "Kunwara has the super-successful David Dhawan-Govinda combination as its strong point, but the film pales in comparison to the hits the two have delivered earlier. The film may start off well, but it lacks a good script to sustain after the initial curiosity subsides."
"Kunwara" was nominated for two awards in the same category at the annual Filmfare Awards:
Music.
The soundtrack of the film contains 8 songs. The music is composed by Aadesh Shrivastava, with lyrics authored by Sameer

</doc>
<doc id="30981480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981480" title="Iranian ship Kharg">
Iranian ship Kharg

The Iranian ship "Kharg" is a modified "Ol-class replenishment oiler of the Islamic Republic of Iran Navy, named after Kharg Island. Built at Swan Hunter in the United Kingdom and launched in 1977, she was delivered to Iran in 1984.
"Kharg" entered the Suez Canal on 22 February 2011, with the frigate "Alvand", on a deployment reported to be a training mission to Latakia, Syria.
The "Kharg" entered the Suez Canal again, with one other warship on 18 February 2012, after briefly docking at Jeddah, Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="30981481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981481" title="Robert Bacon (Iowa politician)">
Robert Bacon (Iowa politician)

Robert Bacon is a Republican politician and legislator from the state of Iowa. He was elected to the Iowa Senate in 2010. His hometown is Maxwell, Iowa. He represents District 5, which serves Wright, Hamilton, and Story Counties. He was born in Chicago.
Family.
Bacon is married to Carol, and together they have four children.
Professional experience.
Bacon is a licensed funeral director, and has been managing funeral homes since 1983. He is the owner of Bacon Funeral Homes.
Current legislative committees.
Bacon has been a member of the following legislative committees:
Political experience.
Bacon has had the following political experience:

</doc>
<doc id="30981491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981491" title="Walang Natira">
Walang Natira

"Walang Natira" is the first single of the Filipino rapper, Gloc-9 off his 5th studio album, "Talumpati". The song has been written by Gloc-9 and released under Sony Music Philippines. The song also features former Pinoy Dream Academy scholar, Sheng Belmonte. It is an advocacy song dedicated to all Overseas Filipino workers (OFWs), why they have opted to work thousands of miles away from their loved ones, and what they are going through abroad just to provide a good life for their family.
Message and structure.
The song tells the situation in the Philippines on why some Filipinos are working abroad. The song also relates the experiences of OFWs while working abroad, like being restless ("pahinga’y iipunin para magamit pag-uwi"), or sometimes being abused, or dying without even a witness ("...gugutumin, sasaktan, malalagay sa peligro. Uuwing nasa kahon ni wala man lang testigo").
Viewpoints of Oscar Cruz.
On January 21, 2011, Archbishop Emeritus Oscar V. Cruz posted a blog on his blogspot stating his views on the Walang Natira. According to him, the song generally has likable tunes, and was pleasing to listen to — but at the same time it proclaimed the heartaches and griefs of Filipinos working abroad.
He divided his viewpoints into four categories: the message of the song, complaints of the song, some heartaches of the song, and certain reservations of the song.

</doc>
<doc id="30981494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981494" title="Graellsia (plant)">
Graellsia (plant)

Graellsia is a genus of small perennial sub-caespitose herbs in the family Brassicaceae / Cruciferae. Most of the species are found in Iran and Afghanistan, with one occurring in Turkey, and one in the High Atlas of Morocco. They are typically found in shady crevices of calcareous rocks at altitudes of .
The genus was erected in 1842 by Pierre Edmond Boissier, commemorating the Spanish zoologist Mariano de la Paz Graëlls y de la Aguera. It initially contained only "Graellsia saxifragifolia", which had previously been placed in "Cochlearia". New species were gradually added, and "G. hederifolia" was moved to "Graellsia", having previously been the only species in "Draba" sect. "Helicodraba". Subsequent investigations using molecular phylogenetics have questioned the grouping of "G. hederifolia" and "G. saxifraga", and "G. hederifolia" may need to be restored to the genus "Draba".
It contains the following species:

</doc>
<doc id="30981513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981513" title="Lindera lucida">
Lindera lucida

Lindera lucida is a plant species in the genus "Lindera" found in Malaysia. 
Dihydrochalcones (3′,5′-dihydroxy-2′,4′,6′-trimethoxydihydrochalcone, methyl linderone, 5-hydroxy-6,7,8-trimethoxyflavone (alnetin) and 2′-hydroxy-3′,4′,5′,6′-tetramethoxydihydrochalcone (dihydrokanakugiol) can be found in twigs of "L. lucida".

</doc>
<doc id="30981546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981546" title="Smerinthulus perversa">
Smerinthulus perversa

Smerinthulus perversa is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Taiwan, Nepal, north-eastern India, northern Myanmar, south-western and southern China and Thailand.
The wingspan is 62–90 mm. It is similar to "Smerinthulus dohrni" but there is a blackish shadowy postdiscal band on the hindwing upperside.

</doc>
<doc id="30981559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981559" title="Direct School Admission">
Direct School Admission

Direct School Admission (DSA) is a program in Singapore introduced in 2004 for students who are studying Primary 6 or Secondary 4 to be guaranteed a place in a Secondary School or Junior College respectively. Another goal of this program is to allow Secondary Schools/Junior Colleges to have more autonomy in choosing their students. A student may receive "Confirmed Offer", "Waiting List" or "Rejected" as an outcome. All students who have applied for any school's DSA exercise are ranked according to the results of the DSA test held by the school.
Confirmed Offer.
The first few number of students in the ranking determined by the school are given a confirmed offer. Should a Primary 6 student receive a confirmed offer from any school, he or she will receive a School Preference Form in late October after his or her Primary School Leaving Examination (PSLE) and will not participate in the S1 Posting Exercise. Although it is said that the student has been guaranteed a place in the Secondary School, he will lose the offer if he is not eligible for the lowest academic stream (Special, Express, Normal(Academic), Normal(Technical)) the school offers according to his PSLE results. In this case, he will have to participate in the S1 Posting Exercise 
Waiting List.
The following few students in the ranking also determined by the school will enter the waiting list. Those who are in the waiting list will fill up the vacancies after some students who receives a confirmed offer has decided to reject the offer. They will enter the school according to their order in the ranking until all vacancies for the school's DSA exercise has been filled up. The student will also receive a School Preference Form in late October after his PSLE. If he enters the school via DSA successfully, he need not participate in the S1 Posting Exercise. Like the students who received a confirmed offer, the student will lose the offer if he is not eligible for the lowest academic stream (Special, Express, Normal(Academic), Normal(Technical)) the school offers according to his PSLE results. 
Rejected.
The students who are not ranked high enough in the school's DSA ranking will be rejected. If he does not have any other offers (including waiting list), he will not receive a School Preference Form and will have to participate in the S1 Posting Exercise. 
Flowchart of DSA Procedure.
1. Student gathers data on the schools he is interested in applying. <br>
2. Student sends in his application with all required documents through a way specified by the school (usually online).<br>
3. Student goes for all tests and/or trials on a day/days specified by the school. The school may ask the student to submit all/some documents on the test date. Some schools may also have students attend an interview after the initial placement or General Assessment Tests. 

</doc>
<doc id="30981577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981577" title="Smerinthulus witti">
Smerinthulus witti

Smerinthulus witti is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Yunnan and Guangxi in China.

</doc>
<doc id="30981584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981584" title="Luay Hamza Abbas">
Luay Hamza Abbas

Luay Hamza Abbas (born 1965) is a noted Iraqi writer. He was born in Basra and studied at Basra University, completing a PhD in 2002. He now teaches literary criticism at Basra University. Abbas has published several volumes of short stories and one novel. 
Abbas' short stories have been published in English translation by the literary magazine Banipal, which featured him in an issue devoted to contemporary Iraqi authors. In 2010, the National Endowment of the Arts awarded a grant to academic and translator Yasmeen Hanoosh to translate Abbas' short story collection "Closing His Eyes" (2008). The title story of this volume was translated earlier in Banipal 27 and also won the 2006 Kikah Best Short Story Award in London.

</doc>
<doc id="30981586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981586" title="Erica baccans">
Erica baccans

Erica baccans (or the Berry Heath) is a species of erica that was naturally restricted to the city of Cape Town, South Africa.
It is endemic to Table Mountain, usually found on the lower parts of Peninsula Sandstone Fynbos. It produces masses of tiny, pink, berry-shaped flowers and grows up to 2 metres in height. It is becoming increasingly popular as an ornamental plant in Cape Town gardens.
The species is naturalised in parts of Australia where it colonises disturbed sites.

</doc>
<doc id="30981602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981602" title="First Deputy Chairman of the Government of Russia">
First Deputy Chairman of the Government of Russia

A First Deputy Chairman of the Government of the Russian Federation, commonly referred to as the First Deputy Prime Minister, is a member of the Russian Government. The First Deputy is to be proposed by the Chairman of the Government of the Russian Federation, commonly known as the Prime Minister, and approved by the nation's President.
The office is the successor to the posts of First Deputy Premier of the Soviet Union and the First Deputy Premier of the Russian SFSR

</doc>
<doc id="30981608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981608" title="Smerinthulus dohrni">
Smerinthulus dohrni

Smerinthulus dohrni is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Malaysia and Sumatra.
It is similar to "Smerinthulus perversa" but the blackish shadowy postdiscal band on the hindwing upperside is lacking and the large creamy postdiscal patch on the forewing upperside of the male is also not present.

</doc>
<doc id="30981623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981623" title="Smerinthulus myanmarensis">
Smerinthulus myanmarensis

Smerinthulus myanmarensis is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Malaysia and Myanmar.
It is similar to "Smerinthulus perversa" but the blackish shadowy postdiscal band on the hindwing upperside is lacking and the large creamy postdiscal patch on the forewing upperside of the male is also not present.

</doc>
<doc id="30981630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981630" title="Guillaume-François Colson">
Guillaume-François Colson

Guillaume François Colson, a French historical painter, and pupil of David, was born in Paris in 1785, and died there in 1860. Among 
other works, he painted the 'Entry of General Bonaparte into Alexandria,' which is at Versailles.

</doc>
<doc id="30981657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981657" title="Erica capensis">
Erica capensis

Erica capensis (or the Cape Heath) is a species of erica that was naturally restricted to the city of Cape Town, South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="30981664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981664" title="George Diehl">
George Diehl

George Krause Diehl (February 25, 1918 – August 24, 1986) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball. He played for the Boston Braves.

</doc>
<doc id="30981665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981665" title="Cypa terranea">
Cypa terranea

Cypa terranea is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Sundaland.

</doc>
<doc id="30981687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981687" title="List of Presidents of FIS">
List of Presidents of FIS

The following is a list of Presidents of the International Ski Federation (FIS), the world skiing governing body.

</doc>
<doc id="30981704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981704" title="Ferula tingitana">
Ferula tingitana

Ferula tingitana (the giant Tangier fennel) is a species of the Apiaceae genus "Ferula". Despite the name, the plant is not a type of fennel proper, which belongs to another genus ("Foeniculum").
"Ferula tingitana" is a tall perennial herb. It has alternate leaf arrangement and yellow, unisexual flowers which, like other Apiaceae, grow in umbels. 
It grows in scrubland (batha and phrygana) and rocky areas. Its range is the Mediterranean coast, in Spain, Morocco, Lebanon, Syria, Israel, Cyprus, and Turkey.
In the 1980s there was chemical interest in esters and ethers extracted from it. 
This species has been considered to have abortive and menstruation-inducing properties. The species has been suggested as a possible identity for the controversial silphium, a plant used as a spice and for various medical purposes in classical antiquity in the Mediterranean region. Among the many uses of silphium was promoting menstruation, and possibly contraceptive or abortifacient properties, which has been suggested to link it to "Ferula".

</doc>
<doc id="30981706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981706" title="Blondelia nigripes">
Blondelia nigripes

Blondelia nigripes is a species of fly in the family Tachinidae.

</doc>
<doc id="30981718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981718" title="Oh bej! Oh bej!">
Oh bej! Oh bej!

Oh bej! Oh bej! (in Milanese: "oh so nice! oh so nice!"; pronounced: /o-bay o-bay/) is the most important and traditional Christmas fair in Milan, Italy. It is held from 7 December (day of the patron saint of Milan, Ambrose) until the following Sunday. The fair is also informally known as the "Fiera di Sant'Ambrogio" ("Saint Ambrose Fair").
The Oh bej! Oh bej! fair has been held in different areas of Milan; until 1886, it was located in Piazza Mercanti (in the surroundings of the Duomo); from 1886 to 2006, it was held by the Basilica di Sant'Ambrogio; in 2006, it was relocated again, to the area of the Sforza Castle. 
The most typical goods that are sold at Oh bej! Oh bej! are sweets and Christmas or winter delicacies, handcrafts such as Christmas decorations, toys, antiques, souvenirs, bric-a-brac, and more. The fair is usually very crowded; this is partly because, as Saint Ambrose Day is immediately followed by the Immaculate Conception Day (an Italian national holiday), and this in turn might be followed by a week-end, Milanese usually have several free days in the fair's days.
History.
While celebrations devoted to Ambrose, in Milan, date back to the late 13th century, the actual Oh bej! Oh bej! fair is said to have been established in 1510, on the occasion of Giannetto Castiglione, delegate of Pope Pius IV, visiting Milan on 7 December. According to the legend, Giannetto wanted to ingratiate himself with the Milanese, and thus entered the city carrying boxes full of sweets and toys for the Milanese children. A cheerful crowd followed Giannetto to the Basilica of Sant'Ambrogio, and thereafter the fair was established to commemorate that day. The name "Oh bej! Oh bej!" is supposedly a reference to the cheerful cries of the Milanese children receiving presents from Giannetto.

</doc>
<doc id="30981735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981735" title="Asha Kale">
Asha Kale

Asha Kale is an actress in the Marathi language film industry of India. She was given the V Shantaram lifetime achievement award by the State Government of Maharashtra in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="30981753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981753" title="Kandi (community development block)">
Kandi (community development block)

Kandi (community development block) is an administrative division in Kandi subdivision of Murshidabad district in the Indian state of West Bengal. Kandi police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is at Kandi.
Geography.
Kandi is located at 
Kandi community development block has an area of 238.54 km2.
Gram panchayats.
Gram panchayats in Kandi block/ panchayat samiti are: Andulia, Gokarna I, Gokarna II, Hizole, Jasohari Anukha I, Jasohari Anukha II, Kumarsanda, Mahalandi I, Mahalandi II and Purandarpur.
Demographics.
As per 2001 census, Kandi block has a total population of 192,952, out of which 99,636 were males and 93,316 were females. Kandi block registered a population growth of 20.75 per cent during the 1991-2001 decade. Decadal growth for the district was 23.70 per cent. Decadal growth in West Bengal was 17.84 per cent.

</doc>
<doc id="30981758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981758" title="Robert Nicolas">
Robert Nicolas

Robert Nicholas (1595–1667) was a judge and an English Member of Parliament who supported the Parliamentary cause in the English Civil War.
Nicholas was elected Member of Parliament (M.P.) for Devizes for the Long Parliament in November 1640. He assisted in prosecuting Archbishop Laud in 1643. In 1648 he became Serjeant-at-law and in 1649 judge of the upper bench. He was Baron of the Exchequer in 1655.
Nicholas was not exempted from the general pardon at the restoration of the monarchy in 1660. He was commissioner for raising money in Wiltshire in 1660.

</doc>
<doc id="30981760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981760" title="Dresbach, Minnesota">
Dresbach, Minnesota

Dresbach is an unincorporated community in Winona County, Minnesota, United States. Dresbach is located in Dresbach Township along the Mississippi River and Interstate 90, southeast of Dakota. According to the Minnesota Department of Transportation, Dresbach has an estimated population of 180.
History.
Both the community and township were named after George B. Dresbach, who founded the community and was a representative in the state legislature. The post office was established in 1858 as Dresbach City, then changed to Sherwood in 1864, then back to Dresbach in 1866. The town once had a station on the Chicago, Milwaukee and St Paul Railroad, a sawmill, and several brickyards, lead mines, and limestone and sandstone quarries.

</doc>
<doc id="30981791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981791" title="Cypa decolor">
Cypa decolor

Cypa decolor is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found in northeastern India, Nepal, Myanmar, southwestern China, Thailand, Vietnam, Malaysia (Sarawak) and Indonesia (Sumatra, Borneo, Kalimantan, Papua New Guinea).
The wingspan is 50–82 mm. The males tend to be more variegated than the females. It is similar to "Cypa terranea" but is greener brown above.
The larvae feed on "Quercus" and "Castanopsis" species.

</doc>
<doc id="30981801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981801" title="Gare de Saint-Germain-des-Fossés">
Gare de Saint-Germain-des-Fossés

Saint-Germain-des-Fossés is a railway station in Saint-Germain-des-Fossés, Auvergne, France. The station opened on 18 June 1854 and is located on the Moret–Lyon, Saint-Germain-des-Fossés–Nîmes and Saint-Germain-des-Fossés–Clermont-Ferrand via Vichy railway lines. The station is served by Intercités (long distance) and TER (local) services operated by SNCF.
Train services.
The following services currently call at Saint-Germain-des-Fossés:
Bus services.
Buses depart from Saint-Germain-des-Fossés to Montluçon and Vichy.

</doc>
<doc id="30981806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981806" title="Murchison Radio-astronomy Observatory">
Murchison Radio-astronomy Observatory

The Murchison Radio-astronomy Observatory (MRO) is a designated radio-quiet zone located near Boolardy station in Western Australia.
It currently comprises two main instruments: The Murchison Widefield Array (MWA), a low-frequency array operating in the frequency range 80-300 MHz; and the Australian Square Kilometre Array Pathfinder (ASKAP). 
It is also one of two core sites for the Square Kilometre Array (SKA), and both current instruments are technology and science pathfinders for the SKA.
Several smaller experiments (CORE, EDGES, PAPER and SCOPE) will also be sited at MRO.
MRO Telescopes.
Australian SKA Pathfinder (ASKAP).
The Australian Square Kilometre Array Pathfinder (ASKAP) was built by CSIRO and comprises 36 identical antennas, each 12 metres in diameter, working together as a single instrument. ASKAP’s combination of fast survey speed and high sensitivity will allow astronomers to answer some fundamental questions about the creation and early evolution of our Universe, and to test theories of cosmic magnetism and predictions from Einstein's general theory of relativity. The facility was formally opened on 5 October 2012.
Murchison Widefield Array (MWA).
The Murchison Widefield Array (MWA) is a joint project between an international consortium of universities to build a low-frequency radio array operating in the frequency range 80-300 MHz. The main scientific goals of the MWA are to detect neutral atomic Hydrogen emission from the cosmological Epoch of Reionization(EoR), to study the Sun, the heliosphere, the Earth's ionosphere, and to study radio transient phenomena. The MWA is the first so-called large-N array, fully cross-correlating signals from 128 phased tiles of 16 crossed dipoles (each). The field of view is large by the standard of astronomical instruments, being on the order of 30 degrees across.
Experiment to Detect the Global EoR Step (EDGES).
Experiment to Detect the Global EoR Step is a radio telescope being developed by MIT Haystack Observatory to make accurate measurements of the sky noise between 100 MHz and 200 MHz.
Radioquiet Zone.
The MRO has been designated a protected radio-quiet zone by the Australian Communications and Media Authority (ACMA) since April 2005, and in July 2011, an enhanced radio-quiet zone was imposed. The initial radio-quiet zone (renamed to the "inner zone") was a protected zone in a 70 kilometre radius around the MRO, in which all radio apparatus licenses needed to be made with the approval of the MRO governing body. The enhanced radio-quiet zone adds a second zone, effectively extending the license approval governing area from 70 kilometres to 150 kilometres.

</doc>
<doc id="30981809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981809" title="Aiguille de la Grande Sassière">
Aiguille de la Grande Sassière

Aiguille de la Grande Sassière is a mountain in the Graian Alps, on the boundary between the Aosta Valley (northern Italy) and the French department of Savoie.
On the Italian side, it marks the end of the Valgrisenche; on the French side it commands the Val d'Isère.

</doc>
<doc id="30981810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981810" title="2004 Pacific Life Open – Women's Singles">
2004 Pacific Life Open – Women's Singles

Kim Clijsters was the defending champion, but withdrew before her third round match against Laura Granville due to a wrist injury which would ultimately sideline her for the remainder of the season.
Top seed Justine Henin-Hardenne won the title, defeating Lindsay Davenport in the final, 6–1, 6–4.

</doc>
<doc id="30981811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981811" title="John Randall (NUS)">
John Randall (NUS)

John Randall was the President of the National Union of Students between 1973 and 1975. He was educated at the University of York. From 1987 to 1997 he was Director, Professional Standards and Development of the Law Society of England and Wales. From 1997 to 2001 he was Chief Executive of the Quality Assurance Agency for Higher Education. Since 2001, he has worked as an independent consultant on higher education and professional training. He was chair of the Justice Sector Skills Council (Skills for Justice) for six years until 2010. Since 2004 he has chaired the Police Negotiating Board.

</doc>
<doc id="30981813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981813" title="Cypa uniformis">
Cypa uniformis

Cypa uniformis is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from China, north-western India and Borneo.

</doc>
<doc id="30981822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981822" title="List of state highways in Maryland shorter than one mile (900–999)">
List of state highways in Maryland shorter than one mile (900–999)

The following is a list of state highways in Maryland shorter than one mile (1.6 km) in length with route numbers between 900 and 999. Most of these highways act as service roads, old alignments of more prominent highways, or connectors between one or more highways. Many of these highways are unsigned and have multiple segments with the same number. Several of these highways have their own articles; those highways are summarized here and a link is provided to the main article. This list does not include highways where at least one highway of that number is at least one mile in length. All highways at least one mile in length have their own article. The highways shorter than one mile with the same number are covered in the main article for the highway.
There are also lists of state highways in Maryland shorter than one mile with route numbers between 2 and 699; between 700 and 799; and between 800 and 899.
__NOTOC__
MD 903.
Maryland Route 903 is the designation for a section of Mountain Road on the western slope of Sideling Hill in far western Washington County from the Exit 74 exit ramp from eastbound I-68 north to the Exit 74 entrance ramp to westbound I-68. MD 903 is not signed as such; rather, the northbound direction is signed as part of westbound US 40 Scenic.
MD 904.
Maryland Route 904 is the designation for several service roads in Carroll County and portions of the old alignment of MD 140 in Emmitsburg in northern Frederick County.
MD 909.
Maryland Route 909 is the unsigned designation for MD 424 Service Road, which runs from MD 424 north to a dead end in Davidsonville, Anne Arundel County. The route is long.
MD 910.
Maryland Route 910 is the designation for a pair of highways in Washington County.
MD 911.
Maryland Route 911 is the signed designation for First Street, a connector between the intersection of MD 355 (Rockville Pike) and Wootton Parkway and the intersection of MD 28 (Veirs Mill Road/First Street) and MD 586 (Veirs Mill Road) within Rockville. Along the way, the route passes under CSX's Metropolitan Subdivision railroad line.
MD 915.
Maryland Route 915 is the unsigned designation for Baltimore-Annapolis Boulevard, which runs from MD 648 north to MD 915H in Pasadena, Anne Arundel County. The route is long.
The route has two auxiliary routes:
MD 917.
Maryland Route 917 is the unsigned designation for Max Blob Park Road, which runs from MD 175AA north to county-maintained Max Blob Park Road in Jessup, Anne Arundel County. The route is long.
MD 918.
Maryland Route 918 is the designation for Dr William P. Hytche Boulevard (renamed from East Broad Street) in Princess Anne, Somerset County, which runs from Maryland Route 675 east to the University of Maryland Eastern Shore campus. The route is long.
MD 920.
Maryland Route 920 is a collection of 19 unsigned state highways that are service roads constructed to restore access to private property or county highways whose access was compromised by the expansion of US 13 to a partially controlled-access divided highway in the 1960s between West Pocomoke and Princess Anne in Somerset County. US 13 was expanded to a divided highway from the southern end of the Princess Anne bypass south past Kings Creek in 1962, south through Westover in 1963, and south to about north of MD 667 in 1964. The Princess Anne bypass was expanded to a divided highway in 1965. US 13's expansion to a four-lane highway in Maryland was completed in 1966 when the federal highway was expanded to a divided highway from north of MD 667 south past West Pocomoke to the southern end of the Pocomoke City bypass.
MD 921.
Maryland Route 921 is the designation given to a collection of service roads off U.S. Route 113 in Worcester County.
MD 922.
Maryland Route 922E is the designation for Churchville Road in Bel Air, Harford County, which runs from Maryland Route 924 to U.S. Route 1 Business for a distance of .
MD 927.
Maryland Route 927 is the unsigned designation for the portion of Montrose Road at the interchange with I-270 in Rockville, Montgomery County. The route is long.
MD 928.
Maryland Route 928 is the unsigned designation for an unnamed road looping off of MD 28 in Norbeck, Montgomery County. The route is long.
MD 929.
Maryland Route 929 is the unsigned designation for six stretches of road near US 29 in Montgomery County:
MD 931.
Maryland Route 931 is the unsigned designation for five stretches of road near US 50/US 301 in Annapolis, Anne Arundel County:
MD 932.
Maryland Route 932 is the unsigned designation for four stretches of road near MD 32 near Glenwood, Howard County:
MD 939.
Maryland Route 939 is the designation for an unnamed spur on the southbound side of MD 36 just south of Barton.
MD 942.
Maryland Route 942 is the designation for the section of Bridge Street comprising the Blue Bridge, a steel through arch bridge across the Potomac River in Cumberland. The 1953 bridge connects Greene Street in Cumberland with the northern terminus of West Virginia Route 28 Alternate in Ridgeley.
MD 943.
Maryland Route 943 is the unsigned designation for a section of Warren Road between I-83 Exit 18 and Beaver Dam Road in Cockeysville. The state highway, whose western terminus consists of ramps to and from I-83 in the direction of Baltimore, provides access to a park and ride facility for the Warren Road station of the Baltimore Light Rail.
MD 945.
Maryland Route 945 is the unsigned designation for Old MD 235, a section of old alignment of MD 235 immediately north of MD 235's northern intersection with MD 944 in Hollywood.
MD 946.
Maryland Route 946 is the designation for the old alignment of MD 546. Also known as Finzel Road, the state highway runs from US 40 Alternate north to MD 546 in Finzel.
MD 948.
Maryland Route 948 is a collection of 12 unsigned state highways that are service roads, state-maintained portions of county highways, and connectors in the vicinity of I-68 in Garrett County and Allegany County. MD 948B, 948H, and 948K are located in Garrett County. The remaining nine sections of MD 948 are in Allegany County between Cumberland and the Washington County line.
MD 949.
Maryland Route 949 is the unsigned designation for a segment of MD 49 that remains from that state highway being truncated following the construction of I-68 through La Vale in the 1970s. The spur, named West Braddock Road, runs from MD 658 northwest to a dead end adjacent to the entrance ramp from MD 53 to I-68 east.
MD 950.
Maryland Route 950 (Garden City Drive) connects county-maintained Garden City Drive with the ramps to and from US 50 (the John Hanson Highway) in New Carrollton, Prince George's County. This road fronts the New Carrollton Metro Station, is approximately long, and is aligned in a north-south direction.
There are other separate segments of Maryland Route 950:
MD 951.
Maryland Route 951 is the unsigned designation for Old Cresaptown Road, an old alignment of MD 53 that runs north–south between two intersections with MD 53 in Cresaptown. The state highway got bypassed when MD 53 was rebuilt between 1953 and 1956.
MD 952.
Maryland Route 952 is the designation for Hillcrest Drive, a C-shaped highway that connects a pair of right-in/right-out interchanges with each other on opposite sides of Exit 45 of I-68 in Cumberland.
MD 954.
Maryland Route 954 is the designation for three roads in southern Talbot County at the northern end of the U.S. Route 50 bridge over the Choptank River:
MD 956.
Maryland Route 956 is a state highway in Pinto in central Allegany County. Known as Patriot Parkway, the two-lane highway begins at US 220, crosses CSX's Mountain Subdivision, and reaches its eastern terminus at the West Virginia state line at the Potomac River, where the highway continues as West Virginia Route 956 (WV 956) through Rocket Center. After passing the entrance to the Allegany Ballistics Laboratory, WV 956 crosses Knobly Mountain and meets WV 28 at Short Gap. MD 956 is the highest numbered signed route in the Maryland state highway system.
The Winchester Road was a highway first blazed in the Colonial era to connect Cumberland with Winchester, Virginia. The old road, whose northernmost part is now MD 53, crossed the Potomac River at Pinto. A bridge over the river connecting Pinto with the Allegany Ballistics Laboratory remained as late as 1950. The road crossed the military installation and ascended Knobly Mountain, meeting present-day WV 956 just west of WV 28. The bridge was removed at a later date. In 1967, a new highway featuring a crossing of a Potomac River was completed between US 220 and WV 28 to provide better access from Maryland to the government reservation and to WV 28. By 1985, the highway was signed as MD 956 and WV 956. MD 956 was designated Patriot Parkway in 2004.
MD 958.
Maryland Route 958P is the unsigned designation for Crestmount Road, running from US 1 north to a cul-de-sac in Waterloo, Howard County. The route is long.
MD 963.
Maryland Route 963 (Deputy Lane) intersects Hill Road and ends approximately east of the intersection, therefore providing a length of about . It is located in Prince George's County and is aligned in an east-west direction.
MD 964.
Maryland Route 964 (Truman Road) intersects Red Top Road and county-maintained Truman Road, ending the state-maintained segment approximately north of the intersection. It is located in Prince George's County, is approximately long, and is aligned in a north-south direction.
MD 965.
Maryland Route 965 (Kenilworth Avenue) intersects the Washington, D.C. Line and ends approximately north of its intersection with S Street. It is located in Prince George's County, is approximately long, and is aligned in a north-south direction.
Maryland Route 965A (Kenilworth Avenue) the southern end joins a ramp from the interchange of Maryland State Route 210, Interstate 295, and U.S. Route 50; and the north end intersects with the Washington, D.C. Line. It is located in Prince George's County, is approximately long, and is aligned in a north-south direction.
MD 967.
Maryland Route 967 (Service Road) intersects Colebrooke Drive and ends approximately south of the intersection, therefore providing about of length. It is located in Prince George's County and is aligned in a north-south direction.
There are other separate segments of MD 967:
MD 968.
Maryland Route 968 is also referenced as the "Entrance to the National Guard Armory". It intersects Maryland Route 193 and ends approximately north of Convalescent Road in Greenbelt, Prince George's County. It is approximately long and is aligned in a north-south direction.
MD 969.
Maryland Route 969 is the unsigned designation for Eleanor Drive, which runs from MD 168 north to a dead end in Linthicum, Anne Arundel County. The route is long.
MD 972.
Maryland Route 972A (Old Silver Hill Road) connects Maryland Route 458 with county-maintained Marlboro Pike in Prince George's County. It is approximately long and is aligned in an east-west direction.
MD 973.
Maryland Route 973 (officially MD 973B) is the unsigned designation for Tuxedo Road, a spur that runs west from MD 459 (Tuxedo Road) just east of the crossing of the Alexandria Extension of CSX's Capital Subdivision.
MD 974.
Maryland Route 974 is an unnamed road for the first and is named "Sondberg Lane" for the last . It intersects Maryland Route 193 and ends approximately south of the Belvidere Avenue spur in Prince George's County. It is approximately long and is aligned in a north-south direction.
MD 975.
Maryland Route 975 (officially MD 975A) is the designation for John Hanson Lane, which runs from St. Barnabas Road north to MD 414 in Oxon Hill. MD 975 provides full access between MD 414 and the county-maintained portion of St. Barnabas Road. The highway also connects MD 414 with Brinkley Road, a county highway that provides access to Rosecroft Raceway.
MD 976.
Maryland Route 976 (Columbian Way) connects Maryland Route 3 at county-maintained Forest Drive with Maryland Route 3 in Prince George's County. It is approximately long and is aligned in a north-south direction.
There are several separate segments of MD 976:
MD 977.
Maryland Route 977 is the designation for several stretches of road in Prince George's County:
MD 978.
Maryland Route 978 is the designation for several stretches of road in Prince George's County:
MD 979.
Maryland Route 979 (Main Street) connects U.S. 1 and city-maintained Main Street in Laurel, Prince George's County. It is approximately long and is aligned in a north-south direction.
MD 981.
Maryland Route 981 is the unsigned designation for Tricross Road, a loop off of MD 108 in Ellicott City, Howard County. The route is long.
MD 984.
Maryland Route 984 is the unsigned designation for an unnamed road running from US 40 east to Normandy Drive in Ellicott City, Howard County. The route is long.
MD 985.
Maryland Route 985 is the unsigned designation for Old Frederick Road, running from a dead end east to Rogers Avenue in Ellicott City, Howard County. The route is long.
MD 986.
Maryland Route 986 (officially MD 986M) is the unsigned designation for Service Road 3A, running from Old Columbia Road east to a dead end in Columbia, Howard County. The route is long.
MD 990.
Maryland Route 990 is the unsigned designation for an unnamed road running from MD 177 north to a dead end in Pasadena, Anne Arundel County. The route is long.
MD 991.
Maryland Route 991 is the designation for the Main Street drawbridge over the Wicomico River in Salisbury, Wicomico County. The drawbridge formerly carried U.S. Route 50 over the Wicomico River. The route is long.
MD 992.
Maryland Route 992 is the designation for several frontage roads off U.S. Route 50 in Wicomico and Worcester Counties:
MD 993.
Maryland Route 993B is the unsigned designation for an unnamed road running from US 1 Alternate north to a dead end in Lansdowne, Baltimore County. The route is long.
MD 995.
Maryland Route 995 is the unsigned designation for Amtrak Way, running from MD 170 north to a dead end at the BWI Rail Station in Linthicum, Anne Arundel County. The route is long.
MD 997.
Maryland Route 997 is the unsigned designation for two stretches of road in Anne Arundel County:
MD 998.
Maryland Route 998A is the unsigned designation for MD 198 Service Road, running from the beginning of state maintenance east to Star Pointe Lane in Montgomery County. The route is long.

</doc>
<doc id="30981826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981826" title="Lopinavir/ritonavir">
Lopinavir/ritonavir

Lopinavir/ritonavir (INNs) is a fixed dose combination drug for the treatment of HIV infection. It combines lopinavir (not available as a single drug) with a sub-therapeutic dose of ritonavir (trade name "Norvir") into a fixed-dose pill.
The combination is marketed by Abbott as Kaletra (high-income countries) and Aluvia (low-income countries), as a component of combination therapy to treat HIV/AIDS. The Kaletra formulation has also been used successfully as monotherapy in some studies.
As of 2006, lopinavir/ritonavir forms part of the preferred combination for first-line therapy recommended by the US DHHS. It is available as capsules, tablets and oral solution.
History.
Lopinavir was developed by Abbott in an attempt to improve on the HIV resistance and serum protein-binding properties of the company's earlier protease inhibitor, ritonavir. Administered alone, lopinavir has insufficient bioavailability; however, like several HIV protease inhibitors, its blood levels are greatly increased by low doses of ritonavir, a potent inhibitor of cytochrome P450 3A4. Abbott therefore pursued a strategy of co-administering lopinavir with sub-therapeutic doses of ritonavir, and lopinavir is only marketed as a co-formulation with ritonavir. It is the first multi-drug capsule to contain a drug not available individually.
Lopinavir/ritonavir was approved by the USA FDA on 15 September 2000, and in Europe in April 2001. Its patent will expire in the US on June 26, 2016.
Abbott Laboratories was one of the earliest users of the Advanced Photon Source, a national synchrotron-radiation light source at Argonne National Laboratory. One of the early research projects undertaken at the Advanced Photon Source was the Human Immunodeficiency Virus. Using X-ray crystallography, researchers found the points of attack of the HIV protease inhibitors – agents that block the breakdown of proteins. Protease inhibitors stop HIV from making new copies of itself by blocking the last step in the process, when the virus attempts to replicate – and out of that discovery came the drug Kaletra/Aluvia.
Adverse effects.
The most common adverse effects observed with lopinavir/ritonavir are diarrhea and nausea. In key clinical trials, moderate or severe diarrhea occurred in up to 27% of patients, and moderate/severe nausea in up to 16%. Other common adverse effects include abdominal pain, asthenia, headache, vomiting and, particularly in children, rash.
Raised liver enzymes and hyperlipidemia (both hypertriglyceridemia and hypercholesterolemia) are also commonly observed during lopinavir/ritonavir treatment.
Patients with a structural heart disease, preexisting conduction system abnormalities, ischaemic heart disease, or cardiomyopathies should use lopinavir/ritonavir with caution.
On 8 March 2011 the U.S. Food and Drug Administration notified healthcare professionals of serious health problems that have been reported in premature babies receiving lopinavir/ritonavir oral solution, probably because of its propylene glycol content. They recommend the use should be avoided in premature babies.
There have been reported cases of Kaletra causing hip dysplasia where due to lipodystrophy due to protease inhibitors the fat cells are redistributed to capillaries cutting off the blood supply to the femer bones of the hips.
Access.
As a result of high prices and the spread of HIV infection, the government of Thailand issued a compulsory license on 29 January 2007, to produce and/or import generic versions of lopinavir and ritonavir. In response, Abbott Laboratories withdrew its registration for lopinavir and seven of their other new drugs in Thailand, citing the Thai government's lack of respect for patents. Abbott's attitude has been denounced by several NGOs worldwide, including a netstrike initiated by Act Up-Paris and a public call to boycott all of Abbott's medicines by the French NGO AIDES.

</doc>
<doc id="30981830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981830" title="Cypa enodis">
Cypa enodis

Cypa enodis is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Nepal, north-eastern India (Meghalaya), Thailand, southern China, northern Vietnam (Sa Pa), Taiwan and Peninsular Malaysia (Genting Highlands).
The wingspan is about 65 mm.
The larvae have been recorded feeding on "Betula alnoides" in India

</doc>
<doc id="30981832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981832" title="Joseph-Émile Brunet">
Joseph-Émile Brunet

Joseph-Émile Brunet (1893–1977) was a Canadian sculptor based in Quebec. His output includes more than 200 monuments in bronze. Many of his sculptures depict national figures and events in Canada. He was born in Huntingdon, Quebec in 1899. He was educated at archbishop school, the Art Institute of Chicago, and the national superior École des Beaux-Arts of Paris.
Works.
Joseph-Émile Brunet sculpted the bas reliefs and ornamental façade of the Gérard-Morisset building, Musée national des beaux-arts du Québec in Quebec City which depict historical scenes and events in Canadian History: “Fishing”, “Fur Trading”, “Maple Sugar Making”, “Farming”, “Logging”, “Missionaries”, “Landing Immigrates”, “Buffalo Hunt”,” Jacques Cartier”,” Death of Wolfe”,” Death of Montcalm”,”William Dollard”, “Pierre Gaultier de Varennes, sieur de La Vérendrye” and “The First Settlers”.
He was granted commissions for granite sculptures of key figures in the province of Quebec's history at the Parliament Building (Quebec): “François de Laval”, “Marguerite Bourgeoys”, “Jean-Jacques Olier” and “Marie de l’Incarnation” completing the façade by 1965. He was also granted commission for two large bronze doors depicting animals native to Canada: “The Young Bear” and Cubs,” “Canadian Moose”, “Otters”, “Elk with wolves”, “Polar Bear”, “Beavers”, American Bison”, “Deer” and a “Great white Whale”.
He sculpted a bronze War Memorial at Longueuil, Quebec (1924) in front of the city hall just across the river from Montreal. 
He sculpted a statue of Pierre Gaultier de Varennes, sieur de La Vérendrye in Saint Boniface, Manitoba. 
He sculpted the Canadian Pavilion for the Exposition Internationale des Arts et Techniques dans la Vie Moderne in Paris which included a 28 foot sculpture of a Buffalo (1937) and panels on the outside of the structure. Paintings and a show inside the Canadian pavilion depicted aspects of Canadian culture. 
Mr. Joseph-Émile Brunet designed twenty-four capitols (1948) for the Basilica of Sainte-Anne-de-Beaupré, which depict 52 religious subjects reflecting the life of Jesus. Joseph-Émile Brunet sculpted 14 “Stations of the Cross” lining the walls of the Cathedral. Stone statues of Saint Anne and Saints at the entrance of the Cathedral. Joseph-Émile Brunet created the fountain in front of the Basilica and the stone 7'6 ' high sculptures in niches as you enter the basilica, “Marie de L’Incarnation”, “Saint Joseph”, “The Virgin with Jesus”, “François de Laval”, and “St. Joachim”. Joseph-Émile Brunet also sculpted Kateri Tekakwitha in bronze, 6’ 4” high.
He sculpted a bust of Adélard Godbout which was installed in Montreal, Quebec.

</doc>
<doc id="30981835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981835" title="Streptomyces scabies">
Streptomyces scabies

Streptomyces scabies or Streptomyces scabiei is a streptomycete bacterium species found in soils around the world. Unlike most of the 500 or so "Streptomyces" species it is a plant pathogen causing corky lesions to form on tuber and root crops as well as decreasing the growth of seedlings. Along with other closely related species it causes the potato disease common scab, which is an economically important disease in many potato growing areas. It was first described in 1892, being classified as a fungus, before being renamed in 1914 and again in 1948. Several other species of "Streptomyces" cause similar diseases to "S. scabies" but other, more closely related species, do not.
The genome of "S. scabies" has been sequenced and is the largest "Streptomyces" genome known so far. The genome contains a pathogenicity island containing the genes required for "S. scabies" to infect plants, and which can be transferred between different species. "S. scabies" can produce several related toxins which are the most responsible for its pathogenicity, but several other systems have also been identified which contribute. It can infect young seedlings of all plants, as well as mature root and tuber crops, but is most often associated with causing common scab of potato.
Taxonomy.
The first known reference to common scab of potatoes, dates back to 1825, but it was not initially thought to have a biological cause. Isolates of an organism that causes common scab of potato were first isolated by Roland Thaxter in Connecticut in 1890 and in 1892 he described the primary strain as "Oospora scabies". The original culture was not maintained. In 1914 H. T. Gussow renamed the species "Actinomyces scabies", noting that "Oospora" was an incorrect classification since the disease was not caused by a fungus. The "Streptomyces" genus was first proposed by Waksman and Henrici in 1943, meaning 'pliant or bent fungus'. Most species of "Streptomyces" are saprotrophic feeding off dead matter with relatively few being causing disease. In 1948 Waksman and Henrici used the name "Streptomyces scabies" to describe the species and this name was revived in 1989 by Lambert and Loria, who bought together 12 different strains that formed one homogeneous group. In 1997 the name was changed to "Streptomyces scabiei" following a grammatical convention as set out in Rule 12c of the "International Code of Nomenclature of Bacteria". In 2007 Lambert and Loria recommended that the original name of "Streptomyces scabies" be kept due to its long-established use and it continues to be used today.
In 1979 Elesawy and Szabo proposed it be assigned to the Diastatochromogenes cluster along with "S. neyagawaensis", "S. bottropensis", "S. diastatochromogenes", "S. eurythermus" and "S. griseosporeus", which was later confirmed by other authors based on morphological and genetic analyses.
Similar species.
At least four other species of "Streptomyces" also cause diseases on potato tubers. The most widespread species other than "S. scabies" are "S. turgidiscabies" and "S. acidiscabies", which can be distinguished based on their morphology, the way they utilise food sources and their 16S RNA sequences. Unlike "S. scabies", "S. acidiscabies" is predominantly seed-borne rather than soil-borne and be suppressed using insecticides and nematicides, suggesting that microfauna play a role in its transmission. In 2003 three other species of "Streptomyces" that cause common scab symptoms were isolated in Korea and named "S. luridiscabiei", "S. puniciscabiei" and "S. niveiscabiei". They differ from "S. scabies" by having spores that are of different colours. "S. ipomoea" causes a similar disease on sweet potato tubers.
There are also other species of "Streptomyces" found in scab lesions on potato tubers that do not cause disease. 16 distinct strains have been isolated from tubers and based on a genetic analysis of them, they are most similar to "S. griseoruber", "S. violaceusniger", "S. albidoflavus" and "S. atroolivaceus".
Description.
"Streptomyces scabies" is a streptomycete bacteria which means it forms a mycelium made of hyphae, a growth form more usually associated with fungi. The hyphae of "Streptomyces", are much smaller than those of fungi (0.5–2.0 μm) and form a heavily branched mycelium. They are Gram-positive and have a high proportion of the DNA bases guanine and cytosine (71%) in their genome. The genome of strain 87.22 has been sequenced and it is 10.1 Mbp, encoding 9,107 provisional genes. All "Streptomyces" genomes sequenced so far are relatively large for bacteria, but the genome of "S. scabies" is the largest. When cultured on agar the hyphae develop aerial fragments which bear chains of spores, giving the culture a fuzzy appearance. The chains of spores have the appearance of corkscrews and are grey in colour. These chains allow it to be differentiated from other species that are virulent on potatoes. Each chain contains 20 or more spores that are 0.5 by 0.9–1.0 μm, smooth and grey. Bacteria are often distinguished by their ability to grow on media containing different substances, which they either feed on or that inhibit their growth. Defining characteristics of strains of "S. scabies" are that they grow on the sugar raffinose, are unable to degrade xanthine and when grown on media containing the amino acid tyrosine, they produce the pigment melanin, the same chemical that gives humans their skin colour. This trait is often associated with their ability to cause disease, but it is not always present and is considered a secondary trait. They are killed by 10 IU of the antibiotic penicillin G per ml, 25 μg of oleandomycin per ml, 20 μg of streptomycin per ml, 10 μg of thallous acetate per ml, 0.5 μg of crystal violet per ml, and 1,000 μg of phenol per ml. The lowest pH at which they will grow varies slightly between strains but is between 4 and 5.5.
When it infects crops it causes corky lesions to form in the tuber or tap root. The lesions are typically brown, with a diameter of several millimetres but the size and colour can vary depending on environmental conditions. The disease does not affect the yield nor make the tubers inedible, but decreases the quality of the crop, which lessens their value or even makes them unmarketable. It is not possible to determine whether a plant is infected from observing the above-ground parts of the plant.
Similar diseases.
There are other microbes that cause similar damage to potato crops to "S. scabies". In the UK the most common are the powdery scab caused by the protist "Spongospora subterranea" f. sp. "subterranea" and silver scurf and black dot caused by the fungi "Helminthosporium solani" and "Colletotrichum coccodes" respectively. Netted scab is thought to be caused by other species including "S. reticuliscabiei".
Virulence.
The main route by which "S. scabies" is thought to enter into potato tubers is through the lenticels - pores for gas exchange in the skin of potatoes. Other evidence suggests that they are also able to directly penetrate the skin of the potato causing infection.
Toxins.
Five toxins have been isolated from "S. scabies" that induce the formation of scabs on potato tubers. They are classed as 2,5-Diketopiperazines, with the most abundant having the chemical formula C22H22N406. The first two to be isolated in 1989 were thaxtomin A and thaxtomin B, of which thaxtomin A was the predominant compound. Thaxtomin A and thaxtomin B differ only by thaxtoxin B having a hydrogen at C20 rather than a hydroxyl group. Three years later the same group of researchers isolated several other toxins with similar structures to the first two they had isolated which are thought to be precursors to thaxtomin A. Thaxtomin A is considered to be essential for symptoms to appear and the pathogenicity of strains is correlated with the amount of thaxtomin A they produce. It is synthesised by a protein synthetase encoded by the "txtA" and "txtB" genes, forming a cyclic dipeptide which is then hydroxylated by a cytochrome P450 monooxygenase encoded by "txtC". The dipeptide is then nitrated by an enzyme similar to mammalian nitric oxide synthase at the four position on the tryptophan residue. All the genes required for thaxtomin biosynthesis are located on one part of the genome, termed the pathogenicity island, that is also found in "S. acidiscabies" and "S. turgidiscabies" which is around 660 kb in length. The toxins are only produced once the bacteria have colonised a potato tuber and it is thought they detect potatoes by sensing certain molecules present in their cell walls. Cellobiose, a subunit of cellulose, activates thaxtomin production in some strains, but suberin also acts as an activator, causing many changes to the proteome of the bacteria after it is detected.
The target of the toxins is unknown but there is evidence that they inhibit the growth of plant cell walls. They are neither organ or plant specific and if added to the leaves of various species cause them to die, indicating that the target is highly conserved. Adding thaxtomin A to seedlings or suspended plant cell cultures causes them to increase in volume and onion root tips treated with it are unable to form cell plates suggesting that it affects the synthesis of cellulose. Inhibiting the production of cell walls may aid "S. scabies" in penetrating plant cells, a key step in infection. The fact that scabs only form in regions of rapidly growing tissue is consistent with this hypothesis.
Other components.
As well as genes that produce toxins, other genes have been identified which help "S. scabies" to infect plants. A tomatinase enzyme, encoded by "tomA" which can degrade the antimicrobial saponin α–tomatine. The aerial growth of mutants lacking the gene is inhibited, but the mycelium is able to continue to grow. Nec1 is another protein that is required for virulence, which is secreted out of the bacteria. It is not clear how it leads to disease, but it may suppress the defense mechanisms that thaxtomin activates. Another gene cluster in the 87.22 strain is very similar to a cluster found in the Gram negative plant pathogens "Pseudomonas syringae" and "Pectobacterium atrosepticum". The cluster produces coronafacic acid, part of the plant toxin coronatine which mimics the plant hormone jasmonate, contributing to virulence.
In 2007 the transcriptional regulator txtR was identified which is a member of the AraC/XylS protein family. The protein detects cellobiose and then causes changes in gene expression of the genes required for thaxtomin production, as well as the production of txtR. When "txtR" is silenced in the 87.22 strain, the expression of "txtA", "txtB" and "txtC" decreases 40 fold resulting in a dramatic decrease in thaxtomin A production. TxtR is not the universal regulator of pathogenicity however as some "nec1" and "tomA" are not affected by silencing it. It is thought that "S. scabies" cannot degrade cellulose itself and that instead it detects cellobiose that leaks through plant cell walls at areas where the roots are actively growing.
The twin-arginine translocation pathway is an important pathway involved in virulence, which transports proteins through the cell membrane of the bacteria. Over 100 different proteins are thought to be transported by the pathway, some of which are required for virulence, but others just for normal growth.
Defense.
Very little is known about the defense mechanisms that plants use against actinobacteria such as "S. scabies". When the model plant, "Arabidopsis thaliana" is challenged by "S. scabies" or thaxtomin A it produces the antimicrobial phytoalexin called scopoletin, which is known to accumulate in tobacco when it is infected by pathogens. This leads to the bacteria growing more slowly and producing less thaxtomin A, thought to be linked to the repression of the nitric oxide synthase gene involved in its synthesis. Scopoletin has been detected in diseased potato tubers, but its role in the defense against "S. scabies" is unknown. Other defense mechanisms have also been noted in "A. thaliana" to thaxtomin A, including the initiation of programmed cell death, an efflux of hydrogen ions and an influx of calcium ions.
Hosts.
"Streptomyces scabies" can infect many plants, but is most commonly encountered causing disease on tuber and tap root crops. It causes common scab on potato ("Solanum tuberosum"), beet ("Beta vulgaris"), carrot ("Daucus carota"), parsnip ("Pastinaca sativa"), radish ("Raphanus sativus"), rutabaga ("Brassica napobrassica") and turnip ("Brassica rapa"). It also inhibits the growth of the seedlings of both monocot and dicot plants. Potato varieties differ in their susceptibility to "S. scabies". More resistant varieties tending to have fewer, tougher lenticels and a thicker skin, although authors do not agree on the specific characteristics required for resistance.

</doc>
<doc id="30981842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981842" title="Republic of China legislative election, 2012">
Republic of China legislative election, 2012

The 8th Legislative elections was held on 14 January 2012 in the Republic of China (R.O.C./Taiwan). Voting took place in all Legislative constituencies of the Republic of China to elect Legislators of the Legislative Yuan of the Republic of China. For the first time legislative elections were held simultaneously with the presidential election. This will form the 15th Legislative Yuan session since 1946, when the Constitution of the Republic of China came into effect.
Subsidies.
According to the "Civil Servants Election And Recall Act", subsidies are payable to the political parties who sponsor candidates for Legislative Yuan elections. Article 43 has the following specifications:
Every year the state shall apportion subsidies for campaign to the political parties, and the standard of apportionment shall be determined based on the latest election of members of the Legislative Yuan. If a ratio of vote attained by the political party achieves not less than 5% in the national integrated election and the overseas election of central civil servants, the subsidy for campaign funds shall be granted to the political party by a rate of NT$50 per vote every year. 
<br>
The Central Election Commission shall work out the amount of the subsidy every fiscal year, and notify the party to prepare the receipt and receive the subsidy from the Central Election Commission within 1 month, till the tenure of the current session of the members of the Legislative Yuan expires.
Election results.
Voting took place on 14 January 2012 between 8 am and 4 pm local Taipei time at 14,806 polling stations nationwide.

</doc>
<doc id="30981856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981856" title="Øyvind Storesund">
Øyvind Storesund

Øyvind Storesund (born March 9, 1975 in Bø i Telemark, Norway) is a Norwegian Rock and jazz musician (upright bass) known from playing in the Norwegian bands Cloroform and Kaizers Orchestra.
Career.
Storesund replaced the former bassist Jon Sjøen in the band Kaizers Orchestra, and is also a driving force on the free-jazz Avant-Garde scene, playing with Paal Nilssen-Love, Pauline Oliveros and Frode Gjerstad releasing the album "This Is Not Sweden" (2007), together with Peter Brötzmann.

</doc>
<doc id="30981865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981865" title="Trnovec, Međimurje County">
Trnovec, Međimurje County

Trnovec () is a village in Međimurje County, Croatia.
The village is part of the Nedelišće municipality. It is located around 11 kilometres from the centre of Čakovec, the county seat of Međimurje County, with a portion of the Drava flowing through nearby. Trnovec is also located near the Croatian-Slovenian border, and there is a border checkpoint just outside the village. The population of the village in the 2001 census was 1,189.

</doc>
<doc id="30981894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981894" title="Cypa bouyeri">
Cypa bouyeri

Cypa bouyeri is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Sulawesi.

</doc>
<doc id="30981901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981901" title="Port authority (disambiguation)">
Port authority (disambiguation)

A port authority is a governmental or quasi-governmental body that operates ports and other transportation infrastructure.
Port Authority may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30981903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981903" title="Minuscule 1356 (Gregory-Aland)">
Minuscule 1356 (Gregory-Aland)

Minuscule 1356 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε1087 (von Soden), is an 11th-century Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament on parchment. The manuscript has complex contents.
Description.
The codex contains the text of the four Gospels, on 303 parchment leaves (size ). The text is written in two columns per page, 22 lines per page.
The large initial letters are in red. The manuscripts is ornamented.
The text is divided according to the ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, and their ("titles") at the top of the pages. There is also another division according to the smaller Ammonian Sections (in Mark 241 sections, the last numbered section in 16:20), whose numbers are given at the margin with references to the Eusebian Canons (written below Ammonian Section numbers).
It contains many notes made by later hand.
It contains the Epistula ad Carpianum at the beginning, Eusebian Canon tables, Prolegomena, tables of the ("tables of contents") before each Gospel. It contains subscriptions at the end of each Gospel with numbers of verses and numbers of στιχοι.
According to Hermann von Soden it contains also lectionary markings (for church readings) at the margin and pictures.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Hermann von Soden classified it to the textual family Kx. Kurt Aland placed it in Category V.
According to the Claremont Profile Method it represents the textual cluster M106 in Luke 1 and Luke 20, but it is very weak member of this cluster in Luke 1. In Luke 10 no profile was made.
The Pericope Adulterae (John 7:53-8:11) is placed at the end of the Gospel of John.
History.
Gregory dated the manuscript to the 12 or 13th century, other palaeographers dated it to the 10th or 11th century. Currently the manuscript is dated by the INTF to the 11th century.
The manuscript was added to the list of New Testament manuscripts by Gregory (1356e). Gregory saw it in 1906. The manuscript was examined and described by K. W. Clark in 1937.
Formerly the manuscript was housed in Jerusalem (Anastaseos 7). Then it was brought to United States. Currently the manuscript is housed at the Walters Art Museum (Ms. W. 532), in Baltimore.

</doc>
<doc id="30981907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981907" title="Cypa claggi">
Cypa claggi

Cypa claggi is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Philippines.
The length of the forewings is about 25 mm. The pattern is similar to "Cypa ferruginea" and the colour to "Cypa decolor decolor". The forewing upperside is much lighter than the underside, but the hindwing upperside is much darker than the underside.

</doc>
<doc id="30981913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981913" title="Brass Agency">
Brass Agency

Brass Agency is an integrated marketing agency based in Leeds, United Kingdom, which provides marketing and advertising solutions both nationally and globally.
Company History.
Brass Agency was known as Brahm Ltd. before it was rebranded as Brass in July 2010.
Brahm Limited was established in 1983 when it was known as Baxandall Rand Allen Handley McPhail Limited, taking its name from its five founding directors: Mike Baxandall, Clive Rand, Chris Allen, Tony Handley and Keith McPhail. In 2001, a management buy-out commenced within the company, to release the founding partners and pass the management of the business to a younger team who had already invested within it. This planned succession consisted of seven partners, which covered the full spectrum of the business, and was finalised in 2009. 
In 2004, Brahm acquired York-based foodservice specialists Teamwork Marketing. 
In 2006 the company acquired Adworkshop, a design and marketing agency which based in Farsley, Leeds.
In late 2006, Brahm also acquired Leeds based digital marketing agency Swamp.
In July 2010, Brahm and Swamp was completed and the combined agencies rebranded as Brass.
In December 2010, due to the UK government spending review and cuts in the public sector, Brass Agency was forced to make between 10-20 redundancies from its workforce.
Company Building.
Brass Agency is based in Moorfield House, Headingley, Leeds, which is a Grade II listed building in the Headingley Conservation Area. The listing describes the building as being “in Tudor Gothic Revival Style”.

</doc>
<doc id="30981915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981915" title="Cypa luzonica">
Cypa luzonica

Cypa luzonica is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="30981924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981924" title="Prince (2011 film)">
Prince (2011 film)

Prince is a 2011 Kannada film in the action and romance genre starring Darshan Tugudeep, Nikita Thukral and Jennifer Kotwal in the lead roles. The film has been directed and written by Om Prakash Rao and produced by Sandesh Nagaraj under Sandesh Combines. The music of the film was composed by V. Harikrishna.

</doc>
<doc id="30981926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981926" title="Tilly's Pony Tails">
Tilly's Pony Tails

Tilly’s Pony Tails is a series of children’s books, published by Orion Children’s Books in the United Kingdom. The series was created by equestrian sportswoman Pippa Funnell. 
Series.
The first two books in the series, "Magic Spirit" and "Red Admiral", were first published in May 2009. The series has now been extended to eighteen titles in all. The first four titles have also been recorded as unabridged audiobooks, read by sports presenter Clare Balding. 
Characters.
The central character, Tilly Redbrow, is an adopted child, who is passionate about everything to do with horses and ponies. In the first book in the series, "Magic Spirit", Tilly helps rescue a neglected horse called Magic Spirit. She discovers that she has a special gift for communicating with horses. When she helps Magic Spirit, Tilly meets Angela, who owns a stables called Silver Shoe Farm. Angela invites Tilly to spend time at Silver Shoe Farm, learning about riding, training and caring for horses. Tilly soon makes friends at the stables and spends all her free time there. Each title in the series tells a new story about Tilly’s adventures with horses and ponies that she comes into contact with, as well as her continuing relationship with Magic Spirit. The series is also linked with a continuing story about Tilly’s background and birth, the only clue to which is a bracelet made of horsehair. As well as the fictional story, each title also contains a tips section with expert advice from Pippa Funnell on all aspects of horses and ponies.
Author.
Pippa Funnell, MBE, is a leading equestrian sportswoman in three-day eventing. In 2003 she became the first person and currently the only person to win Eventing's greatest prize, the Rolex Grand Slam of eventing (consecutive wins at Kentucky, Badminton Horse Trials and Burghley Horse Trials). As part of the British team, she won a silver medal in the 2000 Sydney Olympics, a bronze medal at the 2002 World Equestrian Games and silver again at the 2004 Athens Olympics. Pippa Funnell is a trustee of the horse charity, World Horse Welfare, and the work of the charity features throughout the Tilly's Pony Tails books.

</doc>
<doc id="30981929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981929" title="Gare de Périgueux-Saint-Georges">
Gare de Périgueux-Saint-Georges

Périgueux-Saint-Georges is a railway station in Périgueux, Aquitaine, France. The station is located on the Coutras - Tulle railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF.
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Périgueux-Saint-Georges:

</doc>
<doc id="30981930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981930" title="List of integrals of Gaussian functions">
List of integrals of Gaussian functions

In these expressions 
is the standard normal probability density function, 
is the corresponding cumulative distribution function (where erf is the error function) and 
which is known as the Owen's T function.
Owen has an extensive list of Gaussian-type integrals; only a subset is given below.
Indefinite integrals.
In these integrals, "n"!! is the double factorial: for even "n"’s it is equal to the product of all even numbers from 2 to "n", and for odd "n"’s it is the product of all odd numbers from 1 to "n", additionally it is assumed that .

</doc>
<doc id="30981944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981944" title="Leiophora innoxia">
Leiophora innoxia

Leiophora innoxia is a Europeon species of fly in the family Tachinidae.

</doc>
<doc id="30981945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981945" title="Bombardment of Tripoli">
Bombardment of Tripoli

Bombardments of Tripoli:

</doc>
<doc id="30981952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981952" title="Malabar Hill Club">
Malabar Hill Club

Malabar Hill Club (formerly "WIAA Club" ) is a sports club based in Mumbai, India. Membership at the club is limited and is difficult to procure. 

</doc>
<doc id="30981955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981955" title="Bholanuagaon">
Bholanuagaon

Bholanuagaon is a small village in the Kendujhar District of Orissa, India. It lies at a distance of 8 km. from Anandapur, 85 km. from the district headquarters 'Kendujhar' and 165 km. from Bhubaneswar, the state capital.
It is a village within the Ghasipura Block of Anandapur Subdivision. The people of the village are Hindus. The primary occupation of people is cultivation. However, many villagers are highly qualified and are placed in higher government and private organizations. Some people also depend upon various types of businesses.
Thi neighbourhood villages are Sailong to the east, Khaliamenta to the west.

</doc>
<doc id="30981957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981957" title="Gare d'Ustaritz">
Gare d'Ustaritz

Ustaritz or Uztaritze is a railway station in Ustaritz, Aquitaine, France. The station was opened in 1891 and is located on the Bayonne - Saint-Jean-Pied-de-Port railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by the SNCF. 
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Ustaritz:

</doc>
<doc id="30981964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981964" title="Anwar Oshana">
Anwar Oshana

Anwar Oshana was an Assyrian-American professional boxer in the super middleweight division between 1994 and 2005. He fought 28 times, winning 23 and losing 5.
Professional career.
In 1997, he won the USA Illinois State Super Middleweight title and the IBF Great Lakes Regional Super Middleweight title. After compiling a 20 fight unbeaten run, Oshana suffered a defeat to world rated Thomas Tate. His poor defense let him down at the highest level and he suffered further losses to Omar Shieka, Jeff Lacy and Joe Spina before retiring in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="30981969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981969" title="Gare de Jatxou">
Gare de Jatxou

Jatxou or Jatsu is a railway station in Jatxou, Aquitaine, France. The station was opened in 1891 and is located on the Bayonne - Saint-Jean-Pied-de-Port railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by the SNCF. 
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Jatxou:

</doc>
<doc id="30981973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981973" title="Tous Les Jours">
Tous Les Jours

Tous Les Jours () is a South Korean bakery franchise owned by CJ Foodville, a business group of CJ Group. 
Tous Les Jours is a "French-Asian" bakery serving a selection of bakery goods and beverages. It has more than 1300 locations in Asia and the United State.
History.
Tous Les Jours was established in 1996, with the first store opening in Guri, South Korea in September 1997. The company established a frozen dough facility in Um-Sung, South Korea in November 1997, starting mass production and distribution. In September 1998, the Tous Les Jours company began franchise licensing to the public.
Tous Les Jours opened its 100th store in April 1999, and its 300th store in June 2001. In May 2002, the stores began offering
coffees, sandwiches, fruit juices, and other beverages in addition to baked goods. The company switched to a "café-style bakery business model" in January 2003.
In April 2004, Tous Les Jours opened its first store in the United States. In August 2005, it opened its first store in China. In June 2007, it opened its first store in Ho Chi Minh City in Vietnam.
Tous Les Jours opened its 1000th store in July 2008.
On November 11, 2011, Tous Les Jours opened its first store in the Philippines and on December 16, 2011, it opened its first store in Indonesia in Jakarta.
On November 3, 2012, Tous Les Jours opened its first store in Cambodia.
On June 23, 2013, Tous Les Jours opened its first store in Malaysia in Kuala Lumpur. By December 2013, Tous Les Jours has over 124 stores outside of Korea in 7 countries. China, United States, Vietnam, Indonesia, Philippines, Cambodia, and Malaysia. It has become the number one bakery in Vietnam in terms of number of stores and revenue.

</doc>
<doc id="30981984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981984" title="National Sports Club of India">
National Sports Club of India

National Sports Club of India (or "NSCI Club") is a twin-city based sports club with branches in Mumbai and Delhi, India. 

</doc>
<doc id="30981991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981991" title="Gare de Halsou-Larressore">
Gare de Halsou-Larressore

Halsou-Larressore or Haltsu-Larressoro is a railway station in Halsou, Aquitaine, France. The station was opened in 1891 and is located on the Bayonne - Saint-Jean-Pied-de-Port railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by the SNCF. 
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Halsou-Larressore:

</doc>
<doc id="30981997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30981997" title="Hubert Chevis">
Hubert Chevis

Hubert "Hugh" George Chevis (21 September 1902 – 21 June 1931) was a lieutenant in the Royal Artillery of the British Army who was the subject of a notable unsolved murder in June 1931. He died of strychnine poisoning after eating contaminated partridge.
Personal life.
The son of Sir William and Lady Amy Florence Chevis, née Dannenberg, Hubert Chevis was born at Rawal Pindi, India. His initial school years were spent in India. He later attended Charterhouse School in Surrey. Chevis graduated from the Royal Military Academy as a 2nd Lieutenant on 29 August 1923. At the time of his death in 1931 Chevis was an instructor at the Aldershot Training Camp in Hampshire, and had been married for approximately six months to Frances (née Howard) a 29-year-old heiress with considerable wealth. Chevis was her second husband, the first having been Major George Jackson, a veterinarian.
Murder.
On the afternoon of 20 June 1931 the couple had friends over for cocktails at their Blackdown Camp bungalow. After their friends had left, the Chevis's had an early dinner as they wanted to attend the local military tattoo that night. Dinner was prepared by their cook, Ellen Yeomans, and served by their batman, Nicholas Bulger. Gunner Bulger served the Manchurian partridge, onto the sideboard in the dining room, where Mrs Chevis carved it. After Chevis had eaten a mouthful of the bird, he summoned Bulger, saying "Take this bird away. It is the most terrible thing I have tasted." His wife tasted the meat and agreed with him. The partridges were incinerated in the kitchen by Ellen Yeomans. Not long after ingesting the mouthful of partridge, Chevis started experiencing severe cramps and convulsions and a doctor was called. Later that evening, Mrs. Chevis also fell ill. A second doctor was called and the couple was admitted to Frimley Cottage Hospital. Chevis died at 1:00 am the following morning after five doctors had administered artificial respiration over a period of several hours, and he had been given powerful emetics. Two grains of strychnine were found in his stomach. Mrs. Chevis subsequently recovered, as she had only tasted the meat.
Announcement of Chevis's death was made in the press on Monday, 22 June (The Times). On 24 June, Hubert Chevis's father, Sir William Chevis, received a telegram, the day of his son's funeral. It was from a J. Hartigan and had been sent from Dublin. All the telegram said was, "Hooray, hooray, hooray!" On the back of the telegram was "Hibernian", a well known hotel in Dublin. The police were notified, but nobody of that name was found at the hotel. Subsequent police enquiries undertaken by the Dublin Police later found that a Dublin chemist had sold strychnine about four weeks earlier to a man who was similar in appearance to the man who had sent the telegram in the name of J. Hartigan.
The "Daily Sketch" published a copy of the telegram, only to receive a telegram from J. Hartigan that read, "Dear Sir, Why did you publish a picture of the Hooray telegram?" Chevis's father also received a postcard on 4 August 1931 from Hartigan that said, "It’s a mystery they will never solve."
Investigation.
The shipment of Manchurian partridges from which the Chevis's dinner had come was examined by experts, but they found no poisoned birds. Several people were interviewed, including Mrs Chevis and her former husband, G. T. T. Jackson of the Royal Army Veterinary Corps. Jackson denied that he had anything to do with the murder, stating that he was "miles away at Northampton" at the time. He added that he considered J. Hartigan, the man who sent the telegram, "a cad and a blackguard". Mrs Chevis was unable to shed any light on her husband's death. Dublin police never found Mr. Hartigan.
Many theories were propounded about the death, but the investigation stalled because of a lack of evidence. After several weeks the coroner announced at the inquest, "There is no evidence on which you can find a definite verdict; therefore I direct you to find an open verdict."
Media.
The case was the subject of a documentary on BBC Radio 4 on 3 September 2011, part of the "Punt PI" series presented by Steve Punt. Lack of evidence prevented the programme from reaching any firm conclusions, but it noted that none of the initial suspects had both the motive and opportunity. It also conjectured that both Chevis and his father, Sir William Chevis, had strong connections to the British Raj, and that 'J Hartigan' is an anagram of 'Raj hating'.

</doc>
<doc id="30982001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982001" title="Sue Arnold">
Sue Arnold

Sue Arnold is a British journalist, who writes or has written for both "The Observer" and "The Guardian".
Since losing her sight as a result of a medical condition ("retinitis pigmentosa" (RP)) her writing has often been related to radio criticism and reviewing of audio books. Her mother was Burmese and her father British and she was raised in both Burma and the UK. 
She has written about her medicinal use of cannabis and expressed views first in favour and subsequently against liberalising its use.
She has also written a memoir of her search for information about her maternal grandparents, "A Burmese Legacy".

</doc>
<doc id="30982003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982003" title="Gare de Cambo-les-Bains">
Gare de Cambo-les-Bains

Cambo-les-Bains or Kanbo Geltokia is a railway station in Cambo-les-Bains, Aquitaine, France. The station was opened in 1891 and is located on the Bayonne - Saint-Jean-Pied-de-Port railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by the SNCF. 
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Cambo-les-Bains:

</doc>
<doc id="30982004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982004" title="This Is Country Music">
This Is Country Music

This Is Country Music is the eighth studio album by American country music artist Brad Paisley. The album was originally scheduled to be released April 19, but was pushed back to May 23, 2011 by recording label Arista Nashville.
Content.
Brad Paisley debuted the title track from the album on the 44th CMA Awards on November 10, 2010, and he received a standing ovation. This performance got Brad's fans excited for the release of his new album. 
Brad Paisley wrote this album to pay tribute to various artists that have shaped his career. This includes Dick Dale for the song "Working on a Tan" and Ennio Morricone for the song "Eastwood". The majority of the songs were written or co-written by Brad Paisley, and are based on the themes of love, loss, hope, and heartache. The title track, "This Is Country Music", starts off the album, and small verses of that song, that were not included in the original track, act as interludes between some of the songs. This ties the album to a common theme. 
The album contains numerous collaborations with other artists, including Don Henley, Sheryl Crow, Blake Shelton, and Marty Stuart. Carrie Underwood also performs a duet titled "Remind Me", which is about a couple trying to regain their spark. Clint Eastwood contributes by whistling during an instrumental track called "Eastwood", which is named after him. Comedian Larry the Cable Guy uses his catchphrase "Git-R-Done" several times in the background, during the song "Camouflage". It was announced at Sony's annual boat show Country Radio Seminar that Brad would collaborate with Alabama for the song titled "Old Alabama" The song would be the next single following the title track. "Old Alabama" became the 19th #1 single for Brad The song was released to country radio on March 14, 2011.
Reception.
Commercial.
"This Is Country Music" debuted at number two on the U.S. "Billboard" 200, and sold 153,000 copies in the first week of release. Keith Caulfield with "Billboard" magazine noted that Paisley was at a disadvantage releasing the album the same week as Lady Gaga's "Born This Way", which was expected to sell up to one million copies. Cualfield stated, "With all this talk about Gaga, you've got to feel a little bad for country superstar Brad Paisley, whose "This Is Country Music" album will likely debut in the runner-up slot next week with maybe 150,000 copies sold. Paisley has yet to earn a No. 1 album -- after six top 10's, two of which hit No. 2. (Had his new album come a week earlier, perhaps he could have secured his first No. 1.)" As of November 23, 2011, the album has sold 561,000 copies in the US.
Critical.
Upon its release, "This Is Country Music" received general acclaim from music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 82, based on 11 reviews. This indicates "universal acclaim". Chris Willman of "Entertainment Weekly" gave the release an 'A'. He stated that "the whole record plays like a best-of sampler — not just for Paisley, but for the history of the art form". Jody Rosen of "The New York Times" was in high praise of the album, saying "Mr. Paisley is once again preaching to his choir. It’s a bright, brisk record, packed with the polished country-pop songs that Mr. Paisley’s devotees have come to expect. It’s a study in the politics of 21st-century Nashville stardom, the delicate maneuvering that a performer like Mr. Paisley must do to keep his pews filled. But listen closely and you hear some surprises — and a more expansive definition of country music than the album’s title track at first suggests". In his consumer guide for MSN Music, critic Robert Christgau complimented Paisley's songcraft as "undiminished [...] he remains the smartest and nicest guy in his world", and gave the album an A- rating. indicating "the kind of garden-variety good record that is the great luxury of musical micromarketing and overproduction". Robert Silva of About.com gave the album four stars out of five and wrote that it "aims to cover all its musical bases", which is done with some "clever songwriting". In "USA Today", Brian Mansfield gave it a positive review, and evoked how Paisley "set a high standard" for himself, which the album is "steeped in the past and looking for ways to grow", and told "that it lives up to its title as well as any album in recent memory."
Jonathan Keefe of "Slant Magazine" called the album less satisfying than Paisley's previous albums, saying the album "threatens to become a great country album instead of an album simply about great country music. That's a distinction Paisley has gotten right more often than not over the course of his career [...] But even when the album isn't up to Paisley's typical standards, "This Is Country Music" is still an interesting, ambitious project from a man who need not apologize for the things he does awfully well." Giving it four stars out of five, Jessica Phillips of "Country Weekly" magazine praised the album's "traditional" sound and variety of songs. She also thought that the album's more comedic songs provided a "humorous equilibrium[…]without being relentlessly clever." "Rolling Stone" critic Will Hermes gave the album a 3½ star rating. Hermes thought the album "embraces all of what country music is today — its soul, its vivid storytelling, and, yes, its genre clichés. The lead singles, uncharacteristically, are ads more than songs; Elsewhere, the greatest country artist of his generation keeps it fresh, funny and guitar-heroic". Stuart Munro of "The Boston Globe" gave it a favorable review, saying "'This Is Country Music' encapsulates Paisley’s status as a premier upholder of traditional country within a contemporary framework, and the 15 songs that follow confirm that status; The sentiment here isn’t prescriptive but descriptive, in the self-referential manner that frequents today’s country [...] Yes, this is country music". At "The Guardian", Angus Batey of "The Guardian" said that Paisley "has fun with country's cliches, but still treats the genre seriously", which is why "he remains the Nashville mainstream's most potent ambassador."
Stephen Thomas Erlewine from Allmusic gave it a favorable review. Erelwine stated that "Paisley narrows his definition of what constitutes modern country on his seventh collection of new songs [..] here’s where Paisley’s skills as a craftsman come into play. Always a traditionalist, he builds a song with care but is keenly aware that he’s living in 2011, not 1965". Emily Yahr of "The Washington Post" gave the release a favorable review, saying "While it’s an enjoyable listen, there are no real surprises — at this point, Paisley knows what works. And by the time the western actor shows up to guest-whistle his way through an instrumental track appropriately called “Eastwood,” it’s clear that Paisley has tackled so many topics and sounds that he thinks country music is . . . well, pretty much whatever you want it to be". Dan MacIntosh of Roughstock gave the album a four star rating. He believes that "buying new music can sometimes be a gamble. However, Brad Paisley is the closest artist to a sure thing that you’ll likely find. This is country music – at its best". Randy Lewis of the "Los Angeles Times" gave it a 2½ out of 4 star rating, calling a lot of the material "overworked". Lewis explained that "[Brad's] skills as a songwriter, guitarist extraordinaire and distinctively expressive singer are obvious at many turns on his latest album. But on this outing Paisley doesn’t move the musical conversation forward the way he’s done in several previous albums". Deborah Evans Price of "Billboard" called the album "musically diverse" and commented by saying that "vocally, Paisley has never sounded better, and the ace guitar player struts his stuff throughout, skillfully complementing the mood and timbre of each tune. Country music's most talented young ambassador has delivered the ultimate love letter to his art form with "This is Country Music"".
Personnel.
Credits for "This Is Country Music" adapted from Allmusic.

</doc>
<doc id="30982008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982008" title="Fatyh Zaripovich Sharipov">
Fatyh Zaripovich Sharipov

Fatyh Zaripovich Sharipov "("; January 20, 1921 — June 4, 1996) was a participant of the Second World War, the starshiy Leytenant, the Hero of Soviet Union.
Biography.
Sharipov was born in a country family of Tatar nationality. He completed Bugulminsky normal school, then worked some years as the mathematics teacher at a rural school, however in 1940 entered the Kazan tank school which he successfully completed in May 1942, and entered the CPSU the same year. In May 1942, he was assigned as an officer to a unit at the front. He passed a baptism of fire on July, 25th, 1942 as the commander of a tank company of 183rd tank brigade of 10th Tank Corps, 40th Army of the Voronezh Front. Participated in the Battle of Kursk.
Heroism.
On the night of September, 23rd, 1943 Sharipov with the tank company entrusted to it was forwarded through Dnepr around village the Balyk of Kagarlyksky area of the Kiev area and with fight have occupied base. Expecting the approach of the basic forces within three days a company under Sharipov's command courageously repulsed German counterattacks, being sustained by considerable losses in the technician and staff. In a course of action a company under Sharipov's command. Has seized and has kept before arrival of the basic forces, important height.
"Указом Президиума Верховного Совета СССР от 10 января 1944 года за умелые действия при переправе через Днепр, захват плацдарма, за мужество, смелость и героизм, старшему лейтенанту Шарипову Фатыху Зариповичу присвоено звание Героя Советского Союза с вручением ордена Ленина и медали «Золотая Звезда» (№ 2360)"
The decree of Presidium of the Supreme body of the USSR from January, 10th, 1944 for skillful actions at a crossing through Dnepr, base capture, for courage, boldness and heroism, to the starshiy leytenant Sharipov Fatyhu Zaripovichu appropriates a rank of the Hero of Soviet Union with delivery of an award of Lenin and a medal «Gold Star» (№ 2360)
After the war.
Upon termination of war, in 1946 has ended the Leningrad higher school of the armoured and mechanized armies then has returned to teaching activity and began to teach military science in the higher military educational institutions. In 1951 the Podpolkovnik has retired in a rank. Further Fatyh Sharipov lived in the city of Leningrad where long time worked in the Leningrad seaworthy school on various posts. Has died in June, 1996 in Saint Petersburg where has been buried.

</doc>
<doc id="30982016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982016" title="Gare d'Itxassou">
Gare d'Itxassou

Itxassou or Itsasu is a railway station in Itxassou, Aquitaine, France. The station was opened in 1891 and is located on the Bayonne - Saint-Jean-Pied-de-Port railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by the SNCF. 
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Itxassou:

</doc>
<doc id="30982017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982017" title="Cypa duponti">
Cypa duponti

Cypa duponti is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Thailand, Sumatra, Java and Borneo.

</doc>
<doc id="30982028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982028" title="List of Chairmen of the People's Assembly of Karachay-Cherkessia">
List of Chairmen of the People's Assembly of Karachay-Cherkessia

Chairmen of the People's Assembly of Karachay–Cherkessia. It was preceded by the Supreme Soviet.

</doc>
<doc id="30982029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982029" title="Wildcard (Java)">
Wildcard (Java)

The wildcard codice_1 in Java is a special actual parameter for the instantiation of generic (parameterized) types. It can be used for the instantiation, not in the definition of a generic unit. Thus, a wildcard is a form of "use-site" variance annotation (contrast this with the "definition-site" variance annotations found in C# and Scala). This article summarizes the most important rules for its use.
Covariance for generic types.
Unlike arrays (which are covariant in Java), different instantiations of a generic type are not compatible to each other, not even explicitly: With the declaration codice_2 the compiler would report a conversion error for both castings codice_3 and codice_4.
This incompatibility may be softened by the wildcard if codice_1 is used as actual type parameter: codice_6 is the abstract supertype for all instantiations of the generic type. It means, no objects of this type may be created, only variables. The usage of such a variable is to refer to instantiations of codice_7 with any actual type parameter.
Wildcard as parameter type.
In the body of a generic unit, the (formal) type parameter is handled like its upper bound (expressed with codice_8; codice_9 if not constrained). If the return type of a method is the type parameter, the result (e.g. of type codice_1) can be referenced by a variable of the type of the upper bound (or codice_9). In the other direction, the wildcard fits to no other type, not even to codice_9: If codice_1 has been applied for the formal type parameter of a method, no actual parameters can be passed to it. It can be called only by casting of the wildcard reference:
Bounded Wildcards.
A bounded wildcard is one with either an upper or a lower constraint. Not only the formal type parameters in the generic unit, also the wildcard can be (further) constrained if one doesn't want to be compatible to all instantiations:
codice_14
This reference can hold any instantiation of codice_7 with an actual type parameter of codice_16's subtype. A wildcard that does not have a constraint is effectively the same as one that has the constraint codice_17, since all types implicitly extend Object. A constraint with a lower bound
codice_18
can hold instantiations of codice_7 with any supertype (e.g. codice_20) of codice_16. (Such a wildcard still has an implicit upper bound of codice_9.)
It is even possible to constrain a reference's compatibility from both sides: from above by a generic class or method definition (codice_23), or from below by the reference declaration (codice_24).
Object Creation with Wildcard.
No objects may be created with a wildcard type parameter codice_25 is forbidden because codice_6 is abstract). In practice, this is unnecessary because if one wanted to create an object that was assignable to a variable of type codice_6, one could simply use any arbitrary type (that falls within the constraints of the wildcard, if any) as the type parameter.
On the other hand, an array object that is an array of a parameterized type may be created only by an unconstrained (i.e. with wildcard type parameter) type (and by no other instantiations) as the component type: codice_28 is prohibited.
An example of using wildcard in List's instantiation is contained in the article Generics in Java.
Example: Lists.
In the Java Collections Framework, the class codice_29 represents an ordered collection of objects of type codice_30.
Upper bounds are specified using codice_8:
A codice_32 is a list of objects of some subclass of codice_30, i.e. any object in the list is guaranteed to be of type codice_30, so one can iterate over it using a variable of type codice_30
However, it is not guaranteed that one can add any object of type codice_30 to that list:
The converse is true for lower bounds, which are specified using codice_37:
A codice_38 is a list of objects of some superclass of codice_30, i.e. the list is guaranteed to be able to contain any object of type codice_30, so one can add any object of type codice_30:
However, it is not guaranteed that one can iterate over that list using a variable of type codice_30:
In order to be able to do both add objects of type codice_30 to the list and iterate over it using a variable of type codice_30, a codice_29 is needed, which is the only type of codice_46 that is both codice_32 and codice_38.
The mnemonics PECS (Producer Extends, Consumer Super) from the book Effective Java by Joshua Bloch gives an easy way to remember when to use wildcards (corresponding to Covariance and Contravariance) in Java.

</doc>
<doc id="30982034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982034" title="1975 Benson &amp; Hedges Cup">
1975 Benson &amp; Hedges Cup

The 1975 Benson & Hedges Cup was the fourth competing of cricket’s Benson & Hedges Cup. The competition was won by Leicestershire County Cricket Club.
See also.
Benson & Hedges Cup

</doc>
<doc id="30982038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982038" title="Cypa ferruginea">
Cypa ferruginea

Cypa ferruginea is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Sri Lanka.
It is similar to "Cypa decolor" but the distal margin of the forewing is somewhat convex medially.

</doc>
<doc id="30982050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982050" title="Cypa kitchingi">
Cypa kitchingi

Cypa kitchingi is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Sulawesi.

</doc>
<doc id="30982060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982060" title="Gare de Louhossoa">
Gare de Louhossoa

Louhossoa or Luhuso is a railway station in Louhossoa, Aquitaine, France. The station was opened in 1892 and is located on the Bayonne - Saint-Jean-Pied-de-Port railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by the SNCF. 
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Louhossoa:

</doc>
<doc id="30982063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982063" title="Cypa latericia">
Cypa latericia

Cypa latericia is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Thailand and Burma.

</doc>
<doc id="30982071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982071" title="Frank Wormuth">
Frank Wormuth

Frank Wormuth (born 13 September 1960 in Berlin) is a former German footballer who is now coach of the Germany U-20 team.

</doc>
<doc id="30982072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982072" title="Kadyrzhan Damitov">
Kadyrzhan Damitov

Kadyrzhan DAMITOV is the president of the "Kazakhstan Stock Exchange" (KASE).
Education and career.
Kadyrzhan K. Damitov graduated from Alma-Ata Institute of National Economy in 1982 majoring in Engenering and Economics (Almaty, Kazakhstan) and holds a PhD in Corporate Management and Finance (1988) from the Moscow Financial Institute (Moscow, Russia).
Prior to resuming charges as the President of Kazakhstan Stock Exchange (KASE) in May 2009, Mr. Damitov worked in various sectors: business, government and academia. He developed companies' operations, participated in policy-making processes in regards to the various sectors of economy, fostered development of the country's financial market regulatory system. 
He began his career in 1984 working as university professor of Economics at Alma-Ata Institute of National Economy and later on devoted time to scientific research at the Kazakhstan Academy of Sciences. Further on in 1991 he joined "Alem Bank Kazakhstan" starting his career at the bank as Chief Economist and at the time of departure from the bank in 1994 held the position of the First Deputy Chairman of the Board. 
Mr. Damitov contributed to the establishment and development of the financial market of Kazakhstan. He worked both at the National Bank (Central Bank) of the Republic of Kazakhstan, as well as private local banks and branches of the large foreign banks operating in Kazakhstan. In 1994–1997 he worked as Deputy Governor of the National Bank of Kazakhstan. Later he was promoted to the Vice-Minister of Economy and Trade of the Republic of Kazakhstan (1997) followed by his advisory position to the country's Prime-Minister (1997-1998). Then in 1998, at a time of Asian and Russian financial crisis, returned to the banking regulation activity in a capacity of the Governor of the National Bank of the Republic of Kazakhstan. After heading the National Bank for almost two years he was assigned to the position of the Advisor to the President of the Republic of Kazakhstan.
His career in the private sector was not limited only to the banking sector, he also worked in other sectors of the economy. In the private banking sector he worked at "ABN AMRO Bank Kazakhstan" during the years of 2000-2004 in the capacity of Deputy Chairman of the Board. From March 2004 until 2007 he was a member of the Board of Directors of Ust-Kamenogorsk Titanium Magnesium Plant and further on until 2009 he was the Chairman of the Board of the National Company "Social Entrepreneurship Corporation "Ertis"".
During 2000-2007 he was simultaneously a Member of the Board of Directors at such financial institutions as ABN AMRO Pension Fund and Halyk Savings Bank of Kazakhstan, as well as at the sovereign development institution - Fund for Sustainable Development "Kazyna".
Recognition.
Mr. Damitov holds national awards for his contribution to the development of Kazakhstan's economy.

</doc>
<doc id="30982082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982082" title="Angels Onlus">
Angels Onlus

A.N.G.E.L.S.( :it:Angels Onlus) – Associazione Nazionale Giovani Energie Latrici (di) Solidarietà is an Italian Onlus, founded in Rome during the 2008, promoted by the 'Presidenza della Fondazione Antonio Genovesi Salerno - SDOA', operating with purpose to contribute to the diffusion of the culture of the peace, the solidarity and an idea of human ecology, meant as a social and cultural well-being.
A.N.G.E.L.S. follows the objectives and principles of the Convention on the Rights of Children, and through an internal status, approved by a board of directors, governs a number of initiatives that embrace the fundraising for departments of pediatric, in Italy and abroad, health care, training but also a whole range of artistic activities to promote the concepts of peace and solidarity.
During 2009 and 2010 A.N.G.E.L.S. came in evidence also over main Italian networks due to effort to provide health care in Italian hospitals to sick children coming from war zone or where there are no adequate health centers.
Partnerships and Activities.
A.N.G.E.L.S is the only Onlus to have received the Patronage of Unesco (Italian National Commission) for the production of the song 'Angels' evaluated of 'fundamental importance for peace and solidarity between populations'. Besides the Medal of the President of Italian Republic Giorgio Napolitano, the Onlus has received the support of other patronages like Holy See (June 2008), Italian 'Ministro della Gioventù' Giorgia Meloni (October 2008), foreign Minister Franco Frattini (November 2008), culture Minister Sandro Bondi (November 2008), 'Società Italiana di Pediatria' (November 2008) activities; it has also been signed a collaboration with the 'Forum Nazionale Giovani' (February 2009).
The 27th of October 2008 A.N.G.E.L.S has signed an agreement with the pediatric department of the 'Università degli Studi di Roma La Sapienza' in order to collaborate to take care of sick children abroad. Following, during March 2009, the Onlus has signed a collaboration with the 'Policlinico Umberto I of Rome', directed by the dott. Ubaldo Montaguti, that will make available 4 beds in the Pediatric Department each year to take care of strangers sick children supported by A.N.G.E.L.S.
Several other agreements have been put in place by A.N.G.E.L.S in order to carry on the projects; of fundamental importance is the patronage of Italian Air Navy, to transport childer and their relatives from war zones to Italy.
In order to promote its projects Angels has also received the support of main Italian TV networks like Mediaset Group and Mtv, where have been transmitted promotional videoclips about the Onlus.
The 22nd of December 2008, the song 'Angels', wrote and interpreted by Princess Bee, during the football match 'A goal for the peace', held in San Siro stadium in Milan, has been the inn of football team 'Ambassadors of the Peace', made up by several worldwide football champions which have 
acceded to this charity event.
During 2009, the non-profit organization has also received the patronage of the Regione Lazio, the Carabinieri, the Guardia di Finanza, the City of Rome and the RAI Social Action.
Also in 2009, A.N.G.E.L.S has signed important agreements, starting with the 'Festival Internazionale del Film di Roma' which allows the non-profit organization to be present at the Festival and the promotion of the videoclip "Angels" and of the activities for children and young people. In the same year A.N.G.E.L.S enters in the Regional Registry of Associations of the 'Regione Lazio' and into the set of 20 associations promoting important social interests, which compose the Management Committee of CIVICRAZIA.
Spokeswoman of ANGELS is Benedetta Paravia"( Princess Bee)" that, since 2008 leads most of the activities of the onlus.
Love Angels
Comunicato Stampa Love Angels
[http://www.governo.it/Notizie/Ministeri/dettaglio.asp?d=46452]
Youtube Channel

</doc>
<doc id="30982084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982084" title="Gare de Pont-Noblia-Bidarray">
Gare de Pont-Noblia-Bidarray

Pont-Noblia-Bidarray or Bidarrai is a railway station in Bidarray, Aquitaine, France. The station was opened in 1892 and is located on the Bayonne - Saint-Jean-Pied-de-Port railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by the SNCF. 
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Pont-Noblia-Bidarray:

</doc>
<doc id="30982103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982103" title="Gare d'Ossès-Saint-Martin-d'Arrossa">
Gare d'Ossès-Saint-Martin-d'Arrossa

Ossès-Saint-Martin-d'Arrossa or Ortzaize-Arrossa is a railway station in Saint-Martin-d'Arrossa, Aquitaine, France. The station was opened in 1892 and is located on the Bayonne - Saint-Jean-Pied-de-Port railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by the SNCF.
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Ossès-Saint-Martin-d'Arrossa:

</doc>
<doc id="30982120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982120" title="Jointech">
Jointech

Join Technology Limited.
JoinTech is a manufacturer of Consumer electronics[http://goliath.ecnext.com/coms2/gi_0199-3137024/ICOS-Agrees-to-Acquire-Jointech.html] which was established in 2006 in Hong Kong, its Trademark and business name is JoinTech and it has its head office in Hong Kong, R & D and Manufacturing facilities in Shenzhen (China) and Sales and Marketing offices in Hong Kong and Dubai, UAE. 
Its official website is www.jointech.com.hk

</doc>
<doc id="30982123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982123" title="Cypoides chinensis">
Cypoides chinensis

Cypoides chinensis is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from southern China and Taiwan, south to mountainous northern Vietnam and north-eastern Thailand.
The wingspan is 38–43 mm. It is similar to "Cypa decolor", but the forewings are broader and the hindwing upperside a rusty red and brighter in colour.
There is one generation per year in Hong Kong with adults on wing from January to March. However, it appears that in some years some adults will appear on the wing again in September and October. There are two generations per year in the northern part of the range. In Thailand, adults have been recorded in July and August during the wet season
The larvae have been recorded feeding on "Liquidambar formosana" in Guangdong and Hong Kong and "Broussonetia papyrifera" and "Quercus" species in other areas of China.

</doc>
<doc id="30982137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982137" title="Gare de La Croix du Prince">
Gare de La Croix du Prince

La Croix du Prince is a railway station in Pau, Aquitaine, France. The station is located on the Pau - Canfranc railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by the SNCF. 
Train Services.
The following services currently call at La Croix du Prince:

</doc>
<doc id="30982150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982150" title="Stielgranate 41">
Stielgranate 41

The Stielgranate 41 stick grenade was a German shaped charge, fin-stabilized shell, used with the 3.7 cm Pak 36 anti-tank gun to give it better anti-tank performance. 
The 3.7 cm PaK-36, was the standard anti-tank gun of the Wehrmacht in 1940. During the battle of France in 1940 it had had trouble dealing with thick armour of French and British tanks. In 1941, when Germany invaded the USSR, the gun was next to useless when confronted with Russian T-34 or KV-series tanks. It was successively replaced by larger calibre weapons, like the 5 cm PaK 38, but there were never enough of them, so it was decided to enhance the capability of the PaK 36 by providing it with new ammunition.
The design looked like a rifle grenade, only considerably larger. One part of its stem, a stick, was placed inside the gun barrel; the other part, a perforated tube, fitted around it. On the tube there were four stabilizing fins. It was shot with a special blank cartridge at a velocity of , which gave it maximum range of about (with gun elevation 25°) and around 180 m point blank range (gun elevation 5°).
It was equipped with two fuzes: in the nose, for direct hits, and in the base, to ensure detonation if the target was only grazed. The large calibre of the HEAT warhead and shaped charge of 2.42 kg HE, enabled it to penetrate armour 180 mm thick, enough to defeat any World War II tank. The hit was equally dangerous at any distance, as the shaped-charge effect is not dependent on the velocity of the round at the point of impact. However, due to low velocity the grenade was not very accurate, so the effective range against tanks was around 300 m. 
Another disadvantage of using "Stielgranate" was that the gun loader had to leave cover, go in front of the gun and place another grenade on the barrel.

</doc>
<doc id="30982156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982156" title="Cypoides parachinensis">
Cypoides parachinensis

Cypoides parachinensis is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Burma.

</doc>
<doc id="30982168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982168" title="University of San Francisco Maritime Law Journal">
University of San Francisco Maritime Law Journal

The University of San Francisco Maritime Law Journal (Bluebook abbreviation: "U.S.F. Mar. L.J.") is a biannual law review that includes an annual survey of United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit cases pertaining to admiralty and maritime law.
Overview.
The journal was established in 1989 and sponsors two teams each spring to compete in the Judge John R. Brown National Admiralty Moot Court Competition. In 1999 and 2007, the journal hosted the competition at the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco.
Articles.
The journal has been cited by numerous US state and federal courts. The US Supreme Court has also cited the journal, most recently in "Chandris, Inc. v. Latsis".

</doc>
<doc id="30982196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982196" title="Malcolm, Western Australia">
Malcolm, Western Australia

Malcolm is an abandoned town located between Leonora and Laverton in the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia.
Gold was discovered in the area in 1895 and in 1896 the local provisional committee lobbied the government to perform a survey and declare a townsite. The town boasted six stores, three hotels and two bakeries at this time. The townsite was gazetted in 1897. In 1900 the town was incorporated and had kerosene street lights and a swimming pool. In 1903 over 200 buildings were located in town and the population had reached 450. By 1904 the town had a population of 400 along with six hotels and a brewery. 
The town derives its name from a geological feature located just outside the town called Mount Malcolm. The mount was named by John Forrest while exploring in 1869. Forrest had in turn named the feature after his friend and fellow explorer Malcolm Hamersley.
The total area of the town was . The town was also the centre of the Mount Margaret goldfield.

</doc>
<doc id="30982206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982206" title="Shri Guru Madiwaleshwara">
Shri Guru Madiwaleshwara

Shri Guru Madiwaleshwara - saint whose resting place is small town called Garag near Dharwad, Karnataka state in India.
According to religious books, Shri Guru Madiwaleshwara is an incarnation of Veerabhadra. Lord Veerabhadra incarnated as an infant lying on the banks of a river, who was found by Kittur Kingdom's guru. Upon finding Shri Guru Madiwaleshwara as baby, Kittur Kingdom's guru handed him over to Rani Kittur Chennamma to take care of him.
During his lifetime, Shri Guru Madiwaleshwara travelled across India as well as Nepal. During his travel, he met many kings, pandits, gurus. For resurrecting faith in many people and to kill arrogance of many, he performed many miracles which establish him being a divine personality.
Saint Shishunala Sharif and Nagalinga Swamy of Navalgund were some of the saints who were known to Shri Guru Madiwaleshwara. These saints often met each other.
In Garag, there is a Matha and temple of Shri Guru Madiwaleshwara, where every year sometime in February or March, grand festival is organised when lakhs of devotees from all over the place come to take part in it. The Mutt is managed by 4th generation guruji.
The first book detailing lifetime of Shri Guru Madiwaleshwara was written by Shri Ishwar Sankal.

</doc>
<doc id="30982207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982207" title="Ian Finney">
Ian Finney

Ian Finney is an English composer, guitarist, multi-instrumentalist and songwriter.
Early career.
Ian Finney was born in Prescot, Lancashire. Aged seventeen, he signed a £1.25 million deal with Michael Levy's Magnet Records in May 1984 as lead guitarist with the band the Tempest. While later achieving chart success and cult status in Japan and Spain, the group achieved little chart success in the UK, reaching just outside of the Top 100.
The Tempest.
In summer 1984 Finney began working with producer Gus Dudgeon, who began production on the band's planned first single 'Bluebelle' but it was later postponed and produced by Glenn Tilbrook for the band's third release. Tilbrook produced the band's officially unreleased album recorded between October 1984 and summer 1985 at the Workhouse recording studios as well as the singles 'Always the Same', 'Bluebelle' and 'Didn't We Have a Nice Time?'. During summer 1986 producer Steve Levine produced the band's final single, a cover version of the Small Faces' 'Lazy Sunday'. After completing this session Finney left the band.
Later years.
Finney continued to work in music, producing local artists and playing on a John Peel session. He also briefly played with Sid Griffin's band the Coal Porters. Finney later turned down offers in 2003 and 2006 to work with U.S. producers Ted Pearlman and Tommy Marolda, due to his lifelong medical condition of agoraphobia. He has also contributed voice acting to various commercial projects, is involved with French music software developers Ohm Force and acted as a Rock FM undercover insider in their 'Survive and Drive' live-on-air Big Brother style show.
Composition.
Finney has written orchestral pieces used on the History Channel and contributed tracks to video games, including Niall Ferguson's and Muzzy Lane's .
Recent activity.
According to his blog, Finney stated that he is writing his debut album.

</doc>
<doc id="30982215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982215" title="Zero1 Truth Century Creation">
Zero1 Truth Century Creation

Zero1 Truth Century Creation is Zero1's March Pay Per View.

</doc>
<doc id="30982223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982223" title="Sidi Ouriache">
Sidi Ouriache

Sidi Ouriache is a commune in Aïn Témouchent Province, northwestern Algeria.

</doc>
<doc id="30982262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982262" title="It Is So.">
It Is So.

It Is So. is the first studio album of the Finnish hard rock band Stala & so., released on February 16, 2011. The first single from the album is "Everything For Money".

</doc>
<doc id="30982263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982263" title="Pasquale Orsini">
Pasquale Orsini

Pasquale Orsini (born 1970) is an Italian palaeographer, librarian, and Professor from Università di Catania-Siracusa.
Life.
Orsini studied at the Sapienza University of Rome. He was a pupil of prof. Guglielmo Cavallo. He works at the Università di Catania-Siracusa. In 2004 he became a member of the Associazione Italiana Manoscritti Datati.
He examined and described Uncial 059, 082, 0321, and manuscripts housed in the Biblioteca Malatestiana, in Cesena.

</doc>
<doc id="30982268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982268" title="Erica haematocodon">
Erica haematocodon

Erica haematocodon (the Blood-bell Heath) is a species of erica that was naturally restricted to the city of Cape Town, South Africa, where it grows in the Peninsula Sandstone Fynbos of Table Mountain.

</doc>
<doc id="30982275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982275" title="Degmaptera mirabilis">
Degmaptera mirabilis

Degmaptera mirabilis is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Nepal, north-eastern India, northern Thailand, Anhui in China and Taiwan. The habitat consists of high altitude evergreen oak forests.
The wingspan is 44–82 mm. The hindwing costal edge is excavated resulting in a conspicuous subapical lobe, which projects anteriorly. There is a central row of pale golden dots on the abdomen upperside and a fawn-colored band on the forewing upperside.
The larvae have been recorded feeding on "Quercus fenestrata" in the Khasi Hills in India

</doc>
<doc id="30982284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982284" title="L. malaccensis">
L. malaccensis

L. malaccensis may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30982288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982288" title="Gerhard Gruber">
Gerhard Gruber

Gerhard Gruber (born May 6, 1951 in Aigen im Mühlkreis) is an Austrian composer and piano player. As accompanist for silent movies he has become the leading authority in Austria since 1988.
He has performed for about 450 different films (Los Angeles 2012, Mumbai-Pune 2012, Washington-Los Angeles 2011, Delhi-Pune-Goa/India 2011, Tokyo 2006/2007/2008, Hobart/Australia 2007-09, Rotorua/New Zealand 2008/2010, Padova, Motovun Film Festival 2007, Cineconcerts Bordeaux 2005, Filmfestival Pisek/CZ 2008/2011, Filmfestival Uherske Hradiste 2009/2011, Viennale 1999-2004/2012, Munich, Hamburg, Diagonale).
He composed the music for "Café Elektric".
Since 1983 Gerhard Gruber is working and performing as a composer and musician for theatre.
He was featured in Ilse Aichinger's "Subtexte" as "the one who first makes each film possible and, at the same time, unnecessary. Those who have seen his hands move on the illuminated keys might even risk forgetting Chaplin"
Gruber was awarded the "Nestroy-Theaterpreis" in 2006 and the "Bühnenkunstpreis des Landes Oberösterreich" in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="30982292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982292" title="Gilles Babinet">
Gilles Babinet

Gilles Babinet is a French multi-entrepreneur, born in 1967 in Paris.
Biography.
Babinet dropped out from school at 15 and then graduated his French "Baccalauréat" at the age of 20 as a free candidate.
Career.
He has created 9 companies since 1989 in various areas of activity:
Escalade Industrie: founded in 1989, his first company, specializes in work-at-height interoperations and had forty employees at the end of its first year.
Absolut Design created with Clément Bataille in 1991, focused on public transportation, including the design of the streetcar of Bordeaux, and the design of the garbage cans of the subway in Paris. In 2000, Babinet sold what had become BETC Design to Euro RSCG.
Musiwave: launched In 2000, as Musiwap, then renamed Musiwave. In 2002, it became the first company in the world to offer "hifi" ringtones, . This very year, the company also offered downloads of CD quality songs using GPRS technology, in a partnership with the English telecommunications company Vodafone. TThe company finally sold to Openwave, for US$139m in January 2006. In December 2007, Openwave sold it to Microsoft.
Captain Dash: a product for the automatic aggregation and synchronization of all kind of business data. Its Saas solution, mixing data visualization, design and mobile devices, gives marketers a dashboard to visualize, evaluate and correlate data flows from their own ERP and external data such as the weather, air quality, car trafic, vacation periods, holy days, Google trends, political elections, TV audience, and the like.
Eyeka is a free website with more than 200,000 consumers in 91 countries which offers a platform for creative contests. To date, it has launched more than 450 contests with €1,300,000 in prizes Its objective is to connect talent with leading brands to imagine new concepts, invent better products and co-create engaging content.
MXP4 develops interactive music solutions that create revenue opportunities for the music, media and marketing industries. It creates a video game-like environment where consumers can play with the music.
Digibonus has been helping brands build relationships with their fans since 2009 through social media experiences such as polls, prize draws, photo contests, quizzes and more.
Nowadays, Babinet ishas stepped down from the management of his other firms to concentrate on his role as executive chairman of Captain Dash. He was also at the board of administrators of the Mobile Entertainment Forum, an international Association promoting leisure services on mobiles. and an active member of the association 100 000 entrepreneurs.
French National Digital Council.
He was the elected president of the French National Digital Council (CNN), from 2011 to 2012. The Council is in charge of advising the government on digital economy and new technology. Under his presidency, it focused on Government reform programs to boost competitiveness. The CNN was specially committed to the development of e-education, innovation funding and open-data.
He was appointed French Digital Champion in 2012 by Fleur Pellerin, French minister of digital technologies, and works with Neelie Kroes, European Commissioner in charge of digital technologies. This function is the follow up of his former position as president of the French National Digital Council (CNN),
Institut Montaigne.
Babinet also participates in some of the Institut Montaigne's studies :
Writing.
Babinet published his first book in January 2014: "L'Ère numérique, un nouvel âge de l'humanité", ("The numerical era, a new age of humanity") where he discusses the impact of new technologies on our societies, our lives and our institutions. Throughout his book, he identifies five areas: Education, Healthcare, the State, Knowledge, and Production, that are deeply challenged in the context of the ongoing digital revolution. 

</doc>
<doc id="30982297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982297" title="Degmaptera olivacea">
Degmaptera olivacea

Degmaptera olivacea is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Peninsular Malaysia and Borneo.
It is similar to "Smerinthulus diehli", but the hindwings are less pink, the bands on the forewing are yellowish and the apex of the forewing is less strongly produced.

</doc>
<doc id="30982317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982317" title="List of state highways in Maryland shorter than one mile (800–899)">
List of state highways in Maryland shorter than one mile (800–899)

The following is a list of state highways in Maryland shorter than one mile (1.6 km) in length with route numbers between 800 and 899. Most of these highways act as service roads, old alignments of more prominent highways, or connectors between one or more highways. Many of these highways are unsigned and have multiple segments with the same number. Several of these highways have their own articles; those highways are summarized here and a link is provided to the main article. This list does not include highways where at least one highway of that number is at least one mile in length. All highways at least one mile in length have their own article. The highways shorter than one mile with the same number are covered in the main article for the highway.
There are also lists of state highways in Maryland shorter than one mile with route numbers between 2 and 699; between 700 and 799; and between 900 and 999.
__NOTOC__
MD 804.
Maryland Route 804 (officially MD 804B) is the designation for a section of old alignment of MD 64 through Chewsville. The state highway follows Track Side Drive from the western junction with MD 64 to MD 62 and Twin Springs Drive from MD 62 to the eastern intersection with MD 64.
MD 805.
Maryland Route 805 (officially MD 805B) is the designation for an unnamed section of old alignment of MD 60 from a dead end north to Rocky Forge Road on the northbound side of MD 60 just south of the Pennsylvania state line near Leitersburg.
MD 810.
Maryland Route 810 is a collection of 11 unsigned highways that are sections of old alignments of and service roads related to the present and old alignments of MD 210 (Indian Head Highway) in Accokeek in southwestern Prince George's County. The segments of MD 810 are designated in roughly alphabetical order from south to north with MD 810A near the Charles County line and MD 810K at the intersection of MD 210 and MD 373.
MD 813.
Maryland Route 813F is the designation for Twiford Road which runs from Maryland Route 313 to State Street in Sharptown, Wicomico County. The route is long.
MD 814.
Maryland Route 814 is the unnamed designation for the section of old alignment of MD 550 just north of the Monocacy River near Creagerstown.
MD 815.
Maryland Route 815 is the designation for Old Quantico Road, the old alignment of MD 349 (Nanticoke Road) just west of Salisbury. The state highway runs between two intersections with MD 349.
MD 817.
Maryland Route 817 is the designation for two sections of old alignment of MD 331 and MD 16 in the southwestern corner of Caroline County.
MD 819.
Maryland Route 819 is the designation for Reids Grove Road, a loop off Maryland Route 331 in Reids Grove, Dorchester County. The route is long.
MD 820.
Maryland Route 820 is the secret designation for Castle Hall Road, a short road that runs from Maryland Route 313 to a dead end in Caroline County. The route is long.
MD 821.
Maryland Route 821 is the unsigned designation for Main Street, a highway that passes through the town of Marydel, intersecting MD 311 (Henderson Road) and connecting with MD 454 (Crown Stone Road) at both ends.
MD 822.
Maryland Route 822 is the designation for UMES Boulevard, a connector between US 13 and College Backbone Road on the campus of the University of Maryland, Eastern Shore.
MD 825.
Maryland Route 825 is the designation for a pair of unsigned highways in Garrett County.
MD 826.
Maryland Route 826 is a collection of 13 unsigned highways that are service roads constructed or old alignments maintained to provide access to private property or county highways whose access was compromised by the reconstruction of US 219 in Garrett County in the 1950s. Several instances of MD 826 connect with auxiliary routes of US 219. MD 826A through MD 826D are found near Oakland. MD 826E, MD 826G, MD 826H, and MD 826J through MD 826N are located between Accident and Keyser's Ridge. MD 826P was established between Hoyes and Accident.
MD 827.
Maryland Route 827 is the unsigned designation for two short sections of old alignment of MD 39 in western Garrett County.
MD 828.
Maryland Route 828 is the designation for a spur of old alignment from MD 42 west of Friendsville.
MD 830.
Maryland Route 830 is the unsigned designation for two short spurs. These spurs are the remnants of curves removed when US 220 was rebuilt in the 1950s. MD 830A has a length of and is located in Dawson. MD 830B has a length of and is located in Rawlings.
MD 831.
Maryland Route 831 is a collection of nine unsigned state highways, eight of which are sections of the old alignment of MD 36 between Frostburg and Cumberland in northwestern Allegany County. The segments of MD 831 range from MD 831A at MD 36's northern terminus to MD 831G south of Frostburg. MD 831H and MD 831I are spurs from MD 831C and MD 831A, respectively. MD 831J is a section of the old alignment of MD 31 in New Windsor in Carroll County.
MD 833.
Maryland Route 833 is the designation for Old Blackrock Road, which runs from MD 30 Business east to MD 88 in Hampstead. The western end of MD 833 is one-way westbound; traffic from MD 30 Business uses Gill Avenue to access eastbound MD 833. MD 833's eastern terminus is a roundabout that includes both directions of MD 88, which heads east as Black Rock Road and west as Lower Beckleysville Road, and county-maintained Lower Beckleysville Road as the northeast leg.
MD 834.
Maryland Route 834 is the unsigned designation for Hayden Clark Road, a highway near Price that runs between a T intersection with Granny Branch Road and White Marsh Road east to an at grade crossing with the Centreville Branch of the Northern Line of the Maryland and Delaware Railroad, where the highway continues east as Hayden Road. MD 834 intersects both directions of US 301 and provides access to the Bay Country Welcome Center in the wide median of US 301.
MD 835.
Maryland Route 835 is a collection of ten state highways that are service roads or old alignments in the vicinity of MD 18 and US 50 and US 301 in western Queen Anne's County. One of the highways, MD 835A, is signed; it is the only state highway in Maryland that is signed with its letter suffix. MD 835 and MD 835G are found in Kent Narrows. MD 835A, MD 835C, and MD 835F are located in Stevensville. MD 835B and MD 835H through MD 835K are in Grasonville.
MD 837.
Maryland Route 837 is the unsigned designation for Church Circle, a highway between MD 300 (Main Street) and MD 313 (Church Street) on the northwest quadrant of Sudlersville.
MD 843.
Maryland Route 843 is a collection of state highways that serve as connections between MD 63 and sections of old alignment of MD 63 between Williamsport and Huyett.
MD 844.
Maryland Route 844 is the designation for Cavetown Church Road, a section of old alignment of MD 77 in Cavetown. The state highway runs from MD 64, where a county-maintained portion of Cavetown Church Road continues west, east past Wolfsville Road to a dead end adjacent to the current alignment of MD 77.
MD 846.
Maryland Route 846 is the designation for a pair of unnamed highways southeast of the MD 64–MD 418 junction in Ringgold.
MD 847.
Maryland Route 847 (officially MD 847D) is the designation for Fritz Lane, a section of old alignment of MD 64 from Welty Church Road north to a dead end, paralleling the northbound side of MD 64 north of Smithsburg.
MD 849.
Maryland Route 849 is the unsigned designation for the section of Leisters Church Road between MD 852 and MD 482 in Mexico.
MD 853.
Maryland Route 853 is the designation for four sections of old alignment of MD 194 between Taneytown and the Pennsylvania state line in northwestern Carroll County.
MD 855.
Maryland Route 855 is the designation for a loop off Maryland Route 213 in Kennedyville, Kent County. The route is long.
MD 856.
Maryland Route 856 is the unsigned designation for Old Lynch Road, a loop between two intersections with MD 298 (Lambs Meadow Road) just east of MD 298's intersection with MD 561 in Lynch.
MD 863.
Maryland Route 863 (officially MD 863A) is the designation for the unnamed service road that closely parallels the northbound direction of MD 5 from north of MD 6 to south of Golden Beach Road in Charlotte Hall.
MD 864.
Maryland Route 864 is the unsigned designation for Bessicks Corner Road, a loop between two intersections with MD 292 (Stillpond Road) west of Still Pond. The loop intersects county-maintained Bessicks Corner Road.
MD 868.
Maryland Route 868 (officially MD 868G) is the designation for the section of Stone Corner Lane, a spur of old alignment of MD 234 that heads east from MD 236 in Budds Creek.
MD 870.
Maryland Route 870 (officially MD 870G) is the designation for the unnamed section of the old alignment of US 40 (now MD 144) adjacent to Exit 56 of I-70 in Frederick. The state highway connects MD 144 (officially MD 144FA) with the ramp from westbound I-70 to MD 144, an emergency ramp onto westbound I-70, and to Bowmans Farm Road, which serves a pair of farms, the Frederick County Sheriff's Office, and the Maryland Motor Vehicle Administration's Frederick center. MD 870G is one-way westbound between a two-way spur to MD 144 and its western end tangent to MD 144.
MD 871.
Maryland Route 871 is the designation for a pair of sections of old alignment of MD 17 in Rosemont.
MD 872.
Maryland Route 872 is the designation for the unnamed service road that parallels the westbound direction of US 340 west from MD 180 near Petersville.
MD 873.
Maryland Route 873 is the designation for the unnamed service road that parallels the southbound direction of US 15 north from US 15 Business north of Emmitsburg just south of the Pennsylvania state line.
MD 874.
Maryland Route 874 is the designation for four sections of old alignment of MD 75 between New Market and New London in eastern Frederick County.
MD 877.
Maryland Route 877 (officially MD 877B) is the designation for East Baldwin Road, a service road that heads east from a right-angle turn in MD 75 just south of that highway's interchange with I-70 in New Market. MD 877 curves northeast then parallels the eastbound direction of I-70 to its end at a farm.
MD 878.
Maryland Route 878 is the unnamed designation for a service road spur from Broadfording Road west to a dead end immediately southeast of MD 58's interchange with I-81 in Hagerstown.
MD 879.
Maryland Route 879 is the designation for five sections of old alignment of MD 91 between Gamber and Finksburg in eastern Carroll County.
MD 889.
Maryland Route 889 is the unsigned designation for an unnamed road running from a dead end near a SHA garage east to MD 137 in Hereford, Baltimore County. The route is long.
MD 894.
Maryland Route 894 is the designation for Limestone Road, a section of old alignment of US 522 from MD 144 north to a ramp from southbound US 522 in Hancock.
MD 896.
Maryland Route 896, which is known as New London Road, is an unsigned state highway that runs from the Delaware state line north to the Pennsylvania state line in far northeastern Cecil County. The highway begins at the Delaware state line, where it continues southeast as DE 896 toward Newark. MD 896 heads northwest as a two-lane road through its only intersection, with Little Egypt Road, then curves north to the Pennsylvania state line, where the highway continues as PA 896 toward Strickersville. MD 896 was constructed in 1925 as Maryland's very short portion of the highway between Newark and the Lincoln Highway near Lancaster. The state highway was originally designated Maryland Route 278. MD 896 received its present designation around 1942 to maintain continuity between PA 896 and DE 896, the latter of which had been assigned in 1938.
MD 899.
Maryland Route 899 is the designation for American Way, a road in Quince Orchard, Montgomery County that runs from its end to Cherry Grove Drive, with ramps to Maryland Route 28 along the way. The route is long.
Maryland Route 899A is another section of the American Way, long, branching from MD 28 to its end.

</doc>
<doc id="30982319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982319" title="Degmaptera cadioui">
Degmaptera cadioui

Degmaptera cadioui is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="30982327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982327" title="HMS Melton">
HMS Melton

HMS "Melton" was a of the Royal Navy. The "Racecourse" class comprised 32 paddlewheel coastal minesweeping sloops.
History.
Great War.
Built by William Hamilton and Company in Port Glasgow, Scotland, she was launched in March 1916 with the pennant number 898. As built she was equipped to operate two seaplanes but never did so. For the rest of the war she served with the Auxiliary Patrol. Post war she was transferred to the Mine Clearance Service.
Between the wars.
She was sold to Hughes Bolckow Shipbreaking Co in 1927. She was bought by The New Medway Steam Packet Company in 1929 and converted for excursion work on the Medway and Thames. She was renamed "Queen of Thanet". For the next twelve years she could be found working from Sheerness and Southend. Regular excursions took her to Gravesend, Margate, Clacton and Dover as well as cross-channel voyages to Calais, Boulogne and Dunkirk.
World War 2.
In September 1939 she was requisitioned by the Admiralty for minesweeping duties once more and commissioned as HMS "Queen of Thanet", pennant number J30. In May 1940 she took part in the Dunkirk evacuation rescuing 4000 men in four trips. Of that number, 2000 were transferred from the ex-LNER steamer "Prague", after the latter had been damaged by near misses from shells and dive bombers off Gravelines. For Operation Overlord in June 1944 she was stationed at Selsey as the Mulberry Despatch Control Ship. After the war she was returned in 1946 to her owners to recommence excursion work around the Thames Estuary.
Post War.
In January 1949 she was sold to Red Funnel and transferred to Southampton. After refitting at Thorneycroft's yard at Northam she was commissioned in the spring as the company's second "Solent Queen". For the next two years she operated excursions from Southampton in the summer. In June 1951 while she was slipped for survey and repair, she caught fire and was written off as a constructive loss. She was scrapped by Dover Industries Ltd at Dover Eastern Docks in 1951.

</doc>
<doc id="30982330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982330" title="Yūichi Kasai">
Yūichi Kasai

Biography.
Kasai was born in Yokohama, Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan, and began boxing at the age of a high school student. He won the Japan's inter-high school championship in the bantamweight division in 1987.
Professional boxing career.
Dropping out of the Senshu University in one year with an amateur record of 44–4 (24 KOs), Kasai made his professional debut as a boxer managed by the Teiken Boxing Gym at the Korakuen Hall on August 12, 1989.
After winning the sixth edition of the annual Japanese boxing series, the Class A Tournament in the junior featherweight division in November 1991, he experienced three away matches in the first half of 1992. With the promotion by the gym's president Akihiko Honda, he studied boxing in the United States. At first he trained in Los Angeles from February 1992, and won via a third round knockout at the Great Western Forum in Inglewood, California. Then he learned under the instruction of Miguel Diaz at the Top Rank Gym while staying in Las Vegas, Nevada, and won two fights there at the Thomas & Mack Center and the Mirage. Back then two Japanese boxers fought only in one match in Las Vegas, but no Japanese stayed there and fought twice.
Kasai gained the Japanese junior featherweight title via a second round knockout on September 5, 1992, and defended it twice. Miguel Diaz supported him as a chief second also in the fights in Japan. He was tied on points with the former Olympian Abraham Torres in April 1993, and won on points against Jerome Coffee in October of that year.
In March 1994 Kasai fought against the WBA world junior featherweight champion Wilfredo Vázquez as an undefeated challenger at the Tokyo Metropolitan Gymnasium where he was knocked out at two minutes five seconds of the first round. Making expeditions for the following fights, he won via a second round knockout in Maracay, Venezuela in June, and won via a seventh round technical decision at the Neal S. Blaisdell Center in Honolulu in July of that year. Although he lost in a fight for the WBA Fedelatin junior featherweight title via a sixth round technical knockout in Caracas, Venezuela in September of the same year, he captured the OPBF junior featherweight title in the next fight on February 4, 1995, and defended it once.
Then while staying in Las Vegas again, after winning two matches at the Caesars Palace and the MGM Grand Las Vegas, Kasai was defeated in the showdown for the WBA world junior featherweight title against Antonio Cermeño via a unanimous decision at the Aladdin on December 21, 1996. He lost successively his third title shot against Cermeño via a final round knockout while being watched by 15,000 spectators at the Yokohama Arena on July 26, 1997, and finally he retired as a boxer.
Post-retirement.
Currently Kasai acts as a trainer of the Teiken Boxing Gym in Tokyo. He guided Toshiaki Nishioka whom he has coached for nearly ten years, to the world title in 2008, and was presented with the nineteenth Eddie Townsend Award that year. In 2011, Akifumi Shimoda trained by Kasai was crowned the world champion. Shimoda is the Teiken Boxing Gym's second boxer following Masao Ohba who became a world champion from a walk-in boxer with no experience. From 2012 through 2013, Toshiyuki Igarashi and Takashi Miura also secured the world titles under Kasai.
Kasai also serves as a commentator of the boxing broadcast on Nippon Television including Nittele G+.

</doc>
<doc id="30982337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982337" title="Erica hirtiflora">
Erica hirtiflora

Erica hirtiflora (or the Hairy-flower Heath) is a species of erica that was naturally restricted to the south-western corner of the Western Cape, South Africa around the city of Cape Town.
It produces flowers at any time of year - and in such quantities that the whole bush turns pink. Consequently it is becoming a popular ornamental plant for Capetonian gardens.

</doc>
<doc id="30982351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982351" title="Albany Pumps">
Albany Pumps

Albany Pumps are manufactured in Lydney, England by The Albany Engineering Company Limited. It manufacturers pumps for industrial, petroleum, fire and OEM markets.
History.
The Albany rotary gear pump was created in 1901 in the Old Kent Road area of South London in a small workshop controlled by R. White & Co. Mineral Water Manufacturers. This workshop and associated brass foundry had already existed for about 10 years. In 1904 a patent (No. 25,222)"Improvements in or relating to Rotary Pumps" was obtained following 3 years of supply of standard pumps. Throughout the years various improvements to gear pump design have led to other patents and product features being developed.
Albany was located in London until the factory was destroyed on the third day of the Blitz in 1941. The firm’s wartime wanderings included five years in farm buildings in Hitchin, Hertfordshire, before settling in the present 2 acre site at Lydney in Gloucestershires Forest of Dean (England) in 1946.
Takeovers.
Over the years Albany has undertaken to increase its product range by incorporating other pump companies, some of whose trade names are still used today.
1930s, Albany bought the centrifugal pump business of J. Stone of Deptford, London. <br>
1974, Handoll Pump & Engineering Co. Ltd and Associated Pumps of Croydon, London.<br>
1980, Brooke Tool Systems Limited of Birmingham was acquired along with Warwick Pumps.<br>
1987, Barcley Kellet Pumps of Bradford<br>
1988, Crown Pumps of Feltham, Middlesex <br>
1992, Stanhope Pumps of Bradford<br>
1999, Stothert & Pitt Pump division <br>
2002, FF Pumps of Ireland
Pump Manufacturing.
The company continues to operate from its Lydney site, with a smaller manufacturing site at Bradford, England.
The original gear pump design has been developed into modern and reliable machines capable of working for up to 100,000 hours on important lubrication duties. As well as Gear pumps, Albany produces Centrifugal Pumps, Lobe, and Twin Screw Pumps (Based on Stothert & Pitt Design)
Markets.
Pumps are sold into a wide range of different markets. Gear pumps are sold for lubrication duties in gas turbines and air compressors. The oil and gas industry makes extensive use of gear and twin screw pumps. Pumps are supplied for everystage of the bitumen industry. Fuel oil transfer pumps are manufactured for use in a wide variety of industries. Pumps have been supplied to defence applications for more than 100 years. 
Stothert & Pitt Pumps.
Stothert & Pitt commenced rotary lobe pump manufacture with a licence in 1919. Molasses and other viscous liquids were handled in heated pumps. Up until 1937, installed lobe pumps were still in use unloading molasses tank ships.
A further licence to make twin screw pumps was acquired from Houttuin pumps of Utrecht, Holland in 1935, with manufacturing starting in 1936. Just a few years later about 1100 twin screw pumps were supplied to the RAF for use in RAF stations all over the world during World War II.
Stotherts were the leading in multiphase pump technology in the 1980s but the R&D expenditure did not lead to many pump sales and Stothert & Pitt, a company quoted on the London Stock Exchange, lost its independence and shut in 1989.
In 1999 Albany took over the manufacture of Stothert & Pitt Twin Screw, Centrifugal and Lobe pumps.

</doc>
<doc id="30982354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982354" title="Maciej Masłowski">
Maciej Masłowski

Maciej Masłowski (January 24, 1901 – August 17, 1976) was a Polish art historian.
Biography.
Masłowski was born in Warsaw. He was a son of a painter Stanisław Masłowski (1853–1926) and piano teacher Aniela Ponikowski (1864–1940). After graduating from (Mickiewicz-Konopczyński School) in Warsaw, he studied at University of Warsaw, first history, and then art history. (His teacher was Zygmunt Batowski.)
In 1931-1939 he worked in the Department of Fine Arts of the Ministry of Religious Affairs and Public Education (Polish abbr.: WRiOP) and at the same time as the manager of Mobile Art Exhibition and organizer of the Summer Institutes of Folk Arts at Żabie on Hucul region — 1938 and in Zakopane on Podhale region — 1939. Since 1937, he was a delegate of the Polish Minister of Religious Affairs and Public Education to the Interministerial Committee on Folk Industry and Folk Art.
In 1939-1945 he was artistic and scientific advisor to Society for the Protection of Folk Art in Warsaw. Between 1945-1946 he collaborated with the Polish National Institute of Fine Arts in Warsaw. In 1947-1949 he was a professor of College of Fine Arts in Warsaw, and in 1948-1949 - the chief of the Institute of the Dissemination of Fine Arts in Warsaw, later transformed into the Central Bureau of Artistic Exhibitions, and then into the Zachęta National Gallery of Art. In 1948, he has been Polish Division Commissioner for the Biennale in Venice, and then, in 1949 - the manager of the Polish Museum in Rapperswil in Switzerland. In the same year he was also commissioner of Polish Painting Retrospective Exhibition in Prague in Czechoslovakia. Between 1950-1951 he was research professor in the National Institute of Art in Warsaw (later transformed into the Art Institute of Polish Academy of Sciences).
During the communism oppression era - from 1951 - he gave up a regular job, which has not afterwards returned. Trying to survive, he undertook various commercial activities and cultivated research and literary work at home in Podkowa Leśna (where he lived permanently from 1945 until his death in 1976 in Wysokie Mazowieckie).
From 1933 he was married to Halina Klisiński. He had two children (Christine, born 1940 married Kahl, and Andrew, born 1937). He was buried in Powązki Cemetery in Warsaw ("Stare Powązki" - Old Powązki Cemetery) in the family tomb (section 11-1-7/8).

</doc>
<doc id="30982372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982372" title="1927 Copa del Rey Final">
1927 Copa del Rey Final

The 1927 Copa del Rey Final was the 22nd final of the Spanish cup competition, the Copa del Rey. The final was played at Torrero, in Zaragoza, on May 15, 1927. Real Unión beat Arenas Club 1–0 and won their fourth title.

</doc>
<doc id="30982378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982378" title="Rhodoprasina callantha">
Rhodoprasina callantha

Rhodoprasina callantha is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from north-eastern India across south-western China and northern Thailand to northern Vietnam.
The wingspan is 90–120 mm. It is a sexually dimorphic species, with females often being considerably larger than males. Adults have sharply pointed, olive-green (male) or tawny-olive (female) forewings crossed by diagonal dark lines and diffuse white bands. The hindwing is carmine above with the costal and anal margins olive-green. The body is olive-green and darker below. The antennae are pink and the tibiae and tarsi are blackish and grey.
Adults are on wing from January to April and again from August to November in Thailand.
The larvae have been recorded feeding on "Quercus" species, including "Quercus fenestrata" in India.

</doc>
<doc id="30982405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982405" title="John Tapp">
John Tapp

John Tapp may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30982407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982407" title="Erica margaritacea">
Erica margaritacea

Erica margaritacea (or the Pearl Heath) is a species of erica that was naturally restricted to the city of Cape Town.
Historically, this Erica grew naturally in the Cape Flats Sand Fynbos of the Southern Suburbs, Cape Town. However, urban development caused it to go extinct in the wild. Specimens that were preserved by Botanists were used to reintroduce this species to the last remaining patch of its habitat, the Kenilworth Racecourse Conservation Area. 
It produces enormous amounts of white, pearl-shaped flowers and can readily be cultivated in urban gardens.

</doc>
<doc id="30982418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982418" title="Cork Socialist Party">
Cork Socialist Party

The Cork Socialist Party was a minor political party based in Cork, Ireland. It was founded in 1945, 
and was formed in the aftermath of the Irish Labour Party expelling the members and disbanding the Cork Liam Mellows Branch of the Party which had only been formed in 1944.
Spanish Civil War veteran Michael O'Riordan was the secretary other notable members included Jim Savage and Gerry Higgins (who like O'Riordan had been a member of the Liam Mellows branch of the Irish Labour Party), other notable members were Derry Kelleher, Kevin Neville and Máire Keohane-Sheehan.
The Cork Socialist Party ran a number of public lectures on topics like 'science and socialism', 'on the Jewish question', 'Cork Pioneers of Socialism (William Thompson)'.
In 1945 the party ran Micheal O'Riordan for a seat on Cork Corporation, he was narrowly defeated being eliminated on the last count. O'Riordan also ran in the 1946 by-election in Cork Borough receiving 3,184 votes. O'Riordan went on to join the Irish Workers Party and eventually become general secretary of Communist Party of Ireland when it was formed.

</doc>
<doc id="30982426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982426" title="Dangerous Drugs Act 1920">
Dangerous Drugs Act 1920

In the United Kingdom the Dangerous Drugs Act 1920 is an Act which attempted to make drug addiction and its treatment by doctors a penal matter and to take away the established view up to then held generally by the medical profession, that drug addiction was a disease and should be treated accordingly. The former was the view held by the then Assistant Under Secretary of State, Malcolm Delevingne.
The Home Office was charged with implementing the Act In January 1921 the Home Secretary gave 40 days notice of his intention to issue controls over 
The Act also said that the export, import, sale, distribution or possession of barbiturates, had to be licenced or authorised by the Home Secretary. This proviso also applied to dilutions of cocaine and morphine, as defined in the lower limits set by the Hague Convention.
The Home Office, in consultation with the Ministry of Health, as a result of this Act, produced a series of memorandi for doctors and dentists to explain the requirements of the Act. These were know DD 101's (Memorandi as to the Duties of Doctors and Dentists) These were distributed to doctors, although the memorandi never had any statuary power. One particular memorandum, in 1938, added, for the first time, "that maintenance of addicts if only for the 'gratification of addiction is not regarded as a medical need

</doc>
<doc id="30982433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982433" title="Kosovan presidential election, 2011">
Kosovan presidential election, 2011

Indirect presidential elections were held in Kosovo on 22 February 2011.
Background.
As stipulated in the coalition agreement between the Democratic Party of Kosovo (PDK) and the New Kosovo Alliance (AKR), the AKR's leader Behgjet Pacolli was to be elected president by the coalition's MPs. However, not all members of the PDK were in favour of this.
Election.
First vote.
It took three rounds of voting for Pacolli to be elected; he got 54, 58 and 62 votes respectively. Only 67 MPs were present, with the 53 opposition MPs boycotting the election.
Resignation of Pacolli.
The election was declared unconstitutional by the Constitutional Court on 28 March 2011 with a vote of 7 to 2, as the necessary quorum had not been reached in the first two rounds. Pacolli resigned on 30 March 2011 and was again replaced as Acting President by Jakup Krasniqi, the Assembly's speaker.
Second vote.
In a second vote on April 7, the PDK, AKR, and the opposition Democratic League of Kosovo agreed on a compromise candidate: police commander Atifete Jahjaga. She was elected with 80 votes of the 100 MPs present. It was also agreed that she would only serve on an interim basis, with a direct presidential election planned for 2012 after the necessary constitutional changes have passed. A decision was also made to hold early parliamentary elections in early 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="30982441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982441" title="Lee Jong-min (footballer born 1987)">
Lee Jong-min (footballer born 1987)

Lee Jong-Min (; 21 May 1987) is a South Korean footballer, who plays for Matsumoto Yamaga F.C..
Club career statistics.
Last update: 17 July 2011

</doc>
<doc id="30982443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982443" title="Erica mollis">
Erica mollis

Erica mollis (or the Soft Heath) is a species of erica that was naturally restricted to the city of Cape Town - occurring nowhere else in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="30982460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982460" title="Click, Llano County, Texas">
Click, Llano County, Texas

Click is a ghost town in Llano County, Texas, on County Road 308, southeast of Llano and southwest of Kingsland. The community was named for settler Malachi Click. Many descendants of Malachi Click are buried in the Llano City Cemetery. Benjamin F. Lowe was appointed postmaster when Click got a post office in 1880. The post office was discontinued during World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="30982470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982470" title="St John the Baptist's Church, Parson Drove">
St John the Baptist's Church, Parson Drove

St John the Baptist's Church, Parson Drove, is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Parson Drove, Cambridgeshire, England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building, and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands at the east end of the village, on the north side of the B1169 road, some west of Wisbech.
History.
The church was originally a chapelry of Leverington parish. Its earliest substantial part, the north aisle, dates from the 14th century, although there is a north doorway surviving from the previous century. Most of the fabric of the present church is from the late 15th or early 16th century. In 1613 the chancel was destroyed by floods. The south aisle was largely rebuilt about 1800. The south wall of the south aisle was rebuilt in the early part of the 19th century. St John's became a separate parish in 1870. Because of increasing population growth, a second church, Emmanuel Church, was built in the village in 1872. In 1895 the nave roof was reconstructed. By the later part of the 20th century there was no need for two churches in the village, and in 1974 St John's was declared redundant.
Architecture.
Exterior.
The church is constructed mainly in rubble stone and brick. The tower is partly faced with Barnack limestone. The roof of the nave is slated, and the aisles and south porch are roofed in lead. Its plan consists of a nave with a clerestory, north and south aisles with a vestry at the east end of the north aisle, north and south porches, a chancel, and a west tower. The tower is in three stages on a plinth. It has angle buttresses, an embattled parapet, and a stair turret on the northeast. In the lowest stage is a west doorway and, at a higher level, three-light windows on the north, south and west sides. There is a lancet window on each side of the middle stage. The bell openings have two lights. Beneath the parapet, the cornice has two gargoyles on each side. On the south side of the plinth is a re-used 12th-century stone carved with the figure of a man. Along the clerestory on each side are six three-light square-headed windows. The south aisle has a three-light east window, six two-light windows along the south wall, and a two-light west window. The south porch has two-light windows in its east and west walls. The north aisle includes a three-light east window, five two-light windows along the north wall, and a two-light west window. The east window in the chancel has three lights.
Interior.
Inside the church, both arcades have seven bays. The lower stage of the tower internally has vaulting carved with devices including Tudor roses and grotesques. In the body of the church, the roofs have corbels carved with grotesque heads. In the north aisle is a piscina with a sharply pointed head. The oak pulpit is dated 1677, and stands on a 20th-century deal base. The octagonal font is from the 15th century, and is Perpendicular in style. Also in the church is an iron-bound chest dating from the 16th or 17th century. There are fragments of 15th-century stained glass in three of the windows of the north aisle. Each consists of a shield, one bearing the arms of the Diocese of Ely, one representing the Trinity, and the third containing three chalices and wafers. There is a ring of five bells cast in or about 1787 by Thomas Osborn.
Associated features.
In the Wisbech and Fenland Museum is a pillar piscina that was formerly in the church. It was donated to the museum in 1872.

</doc>
<doc id="30982480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982480" title="Rhodoprasina corrigenda">
Rhodoprasina corrigenda

Rhodoprasina corrigenda is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from northern Thailand and northern Vietnam.
The wingspan is 104–116 mm. It is similar to "Rhodoprasina corolla" but larger and with a silvery sheen on the greenish forewings, which are longer and apically pointed. The hindwing has a pink area which is restricted to the basal half of the wing.
Adults are on wing from October to early December in Thailand.

</doc>
<doc id="30982506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982506" title="Erica urna-viridis">
Erica urna-viridis

Erica urna-viridis (the Sticky Heath or Bottle-green Heath) is a species of erica that was naturally restricted to the city of Cape Town, South Africa, in particular the Peninsula Sandstone Fynbos of Table Mountain.
It bears sticky green flowers - the origin of its common names - and grows to a height of about 1 meter. 

</doc>
<doc id="30982530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982530" title="Roy Talcott">
Roy Talcott

Leroy Everett Talcott (January 16, 1920 – December 6, 1999) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball. He played for the Boston Braves in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="30982552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982552" title="Damian Radowicz">
Damian Radowicz

Damian Radowicz (born December 20, 1989 in Łódź) is a Polish footballer who most recently played for Widzew Łódź in the Polish Ekstraklasa.
Career.
Club.
On September 2010, he joined senior team of Widzew Łódź.

</doc>
<doc id="30982564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982564" title="Masrawy">
Masrawy

Masrawy (Arabic: مصراوي) is an Arabic Egyptian news web portal founded by Ehab Heikal (its first CEO) Gamal Selim (its first CTO), and Wael Salah (head of design) later sold to and currently owned by LINKdotNET, an online media company and subsidiary of OTventures
Services.
News.
Masrawy covers wide range of news including political, economical, artistic and technology related news and SUPPORTS EL SISI
Classifieds.
Masrawy also provides the largest Arabic video directory, and the largest classifieds channel in Egypt. Also, Masrawy users can deliver their thoughts and voice over Masrawy through dedicated channels for user’s news and articles, Ketabat and Moraselon channels.
Women.
This covers issues as beauty, fashion, cooking, health, jewelry, maternity and kids.
Entertainment.
Entertainment channel, Masrawy jokes, is one of the most viewed channels on Masrawy providing a corner for fun and entertainment including jokes, funny stories, optics and other sections. Plus, Masrawy provides a channel for games providing a wide variety of single and multiplayer games.
Bulk SMS.
Providing Bulk SMS services for SMEs.
Audience.
Masrawy was the first most visited website in the Arab world in 2012 and in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="30982577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982577" title="2001 South American U-20 Championship">
2001 South American U-20 Championship

The 2001 South American Youth Championship (Sudamericana sub-20) is a football competition contested by all ten U-20 national football teams of CONMEBOL. The tournament was held in Ecuador between January 12 and February 4, 2003, it was the 20th time the competition has been held and the 2nd to take place in Ecuador. Brazil won their 8th trophy.
The teams are separated in two groups of five, and each team plays four matches in a pure round-robin stage. The three top competitors advance to a single final group of six, wherein each team plays five matches. The top four teams in the final group qualify to the 2001 FIFA World Youth Championship.
Squads.
For a list of all the players in the final tournament, see Team rosters for the 2001 South American Youth Championship.
The following teams entered the tournament:
First group stage.
When teams finish level of points, the final order determined according to:
Group B.
<br>
Final Round.
<br>
Qualification to World Youth Championship.
The five best performing teams qualified for the 2001 FIFA World Youth Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="30982639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982639" title="George Wyndham, 4th Earl of Egremont">
George Wyndham, 4th Earl of Egremont

George Francis Wyndham, 4th Earl of Egremont (30 August 1786 – 2 April 1845) was an English nobleman and naval officer.
Origins.
He was the son of William Frederick Wyndham (1763–1828), youngest son of Charles Wyndham, 2nd Earl of Egremont (1710–1763) and his wife Frances Mary Harford (born 1759), the illegitimate daughter of Frederick Calvert, 6th Baron Baltimore by Hester Whelan.
Inheritance.
His father's elder brother George O'Brien Wyndham, 3rd Earl of Egremont (1751–1837)
died without legitimate male issue and so George Francis succeeded him as Baron Wyndham, Baron Cockermouth and Earl of Egremont.
Career.
George Francis received his first Royal Navy commission in 1799, rising to captain in 1812. On 14 November 1820 he married Jane Roberts, daughter of Reverend William Roberts. In 1838 he built Blackborough House in Devon, but it was never completed and is now semi-derelict and surrounded by a scrap yard.
Marriage.
On 14 November 1820 he married Jane Roberts (d.1876), daughter of Reverend William Roberts, but left no surviving issue.
Death & succession.
He died on 2 April 1845 at Silverton Park, without issue and his titles thus became extinct. Under his will his heir for her life was his widow who died in 1876, and in remainder thereafter to his cousin, William IV Wyndham (1769–1841) of Dinton, Wiltshire, who shared common descent from Sir John Wyndham (1558–1645) of Orchard Wyndham, Somerset. William IV had died in 1841, four years before the Earl's death, but his heir in 1876 became William IV's grandson, William VI Wyndham (1834–1914) of Dinton, who thus inherited the ancient family manor of Orchard Wyndham in Somerset.

</doc>
<doc id="30982641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982641" title="Berdyash">
Berdyash

Berdyash () is the name of two rural localities in the Republic of Bashkortostan, Russia:

</doc>
<doc id="30982646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982646" title="Rhodoprasina mateji">
Rhodoprasina mateji

Rhodoprasina mateji is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Hubei in China.
Adult males have a long antennae. The forewings are matt green and the basal third of the hindwing upperside is red.

</doc>
<doc id="30982659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982659" title="Magen Lacholeh">
Magen Lacholeh

Magen Lacholeh (), "Shield and Protector of the Sick", is a Jerusalem, Israel-based non-profit organization, created in 1991 to facilitate the link between patients and health professionals. It provides the knowledge, contacts, support and equipment that allow every patient to receive the right medical care.
The organization is headed by Rabbi Benjamin Fisher and operates six branches throughout Israel.
Background.
Magen Lacholeh was founded at the initiative of Rabbi Shlomo Zalman Auerbach, a renowned Rabbinical leader in the Jewish world. Rabbi Auerbach started the organization as he saw a need for guidance to those who seek medical attention. He envisioned an organization that helps patients find the best possible medical care by directing them to those health professionals who are the best suited to deal with their specific situation. Rabbi Shlomo Zalman personally opened Magen Lacholeh’s first bank account, bought Rabbi Fisher's first beeper, and continued to fund the organization until his death.
Magen Lacholeh's services are provided free of charge and without regard to religion. The organization is structured to provide emergency response in life-threatening situations and operates day and night.

</doc>
<doc id="30982664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982664" title="List of state highways in Maryland shorter than one mile (700–799)">
List of state highways in Maryland shorter than one mile (700–799)

The following is a list of state highways in Maryland shorter than one mile (1.6 km) in length with route numbers between 700 and 799. Most of these highways act as service roads, old alignments of more prominent highways, or connectors between one or more highways. Many of these highways are unsigned and have multiple segments with the same number. Several of these highways have their own articles; those highways are summarized here and a link is provided to the main article. This list does not include highways where at least one highway of that number is at least one mile in length. All highways at least one mile in length have their own article. The highways shorter than one mile with the same number are covered in the main article for the highway.
There are also lists of state highways in Maryland shorter than one mile with route numbers between 2 and 699; between 800 and 899; and between 900 and 999.
__NOTOC__
MD 701.
Maryland Route 701 is the unsigned designation for Howard Johnson Road, a connector between MD 291 and ramps to northbound US 301 in Millington. Howard Johnson Road continues north from the ramps as a county highway that passes a former Howard Johnson's restaurant.
MD 703.
Maryland Route 703 is the unsigned designation for a L-shaped spur near Goodwill, part of an old alignment of MD 366, that runs east from a dead end to county-maintained Klej Grange Road, then turns right to connect that road with current MD 366.
MD 711.
Maryland Route 711 is the unsigned designation for Arundel Corporation Road in Glen Burnie, Anne Arundel County, which runs east from MD 2 east to the end of state maintenance, interchanging with the eastbound direction of I-695. The route is long.
MD 717.
Maryland Route 717 is the unsigned designation for Water Street, a street that runs from just south of MD 4 to MD 725 within Upper Marlboro. MD 717 provides access to The Show Place Arena, the Prince Georges Equestrian Center, and the Prince George's County courthouse.
MD 723.
Maryland Route 723 is the designation for Old Jessup Road, which runs from MD 175 east to a dead end in Jessup, Anne Arundel County. The route is long.
MD 726.
Maryland Route 726 is the unsigned designation for Green Landing Road, a highway east of Marlboro that runs from Hunt Club Road just south of an entrance ramp to eastbound MD 4 to Marlboro Pike. Marlboro Pike is the old alignment of MD 4 that is a county highway to the west and MD 4PA to the east, where it receives an exit ramp from westbound MD 4.
MD 727.
Maryland Route 727 is a former alignment of North Street in Elkton. It runs from present-day North Street to a former grade-level crossing of the Amtrak tracks. The two segments of the route total .
MD 731.
Maryland Route 731 is the unsigned designation for a pair of service roads in Wicomico County just east of the Nanticoke River. MD 731A (Marsh Road) is a highway that comprises part of the alignment of US 50 prior to the bypass of Vienna. West of MD 731C (Old Bradley Road), a connector between US 50 and MD 731A, MD 731A is a two-way road heading west toward a fence at the marshland lining the river. East of MD 731C, MD 731A is one-way eastbound and passes through a truck weigh station.
MD 731 once consisted of Old Ocean Gateway on the Dorchester County side as well, including the entire length of the former approach to the Nanticoke River after the drawbridge span was dismantled. It was shortened in the mid-2000s: the Dorchester side is now maintained by the city of Vienna, and the Wicomico side has been privatized to Delmarva Power as an access road to the transmission crossing over the river.
MD 732.
Maryland Route 732 is the designation for two separate roads near MD 32 in Anne Arundel and Howard counties:
MD 733.
Maryland Route 733 is the designation for an unnamed dirt road that extends east from US 40 Alternate just west of Shade Run west of Grantsville.
MD 735.
Maryland Route 735 is the designation for a section of High Street from Virginia Avenue east to near Methodist Street within Hancock. High Street west of Virginia Avenue and Virginia Avenue south of High Street are part of US 522C, which is a connector between northbound US 522 and MD 144.
MD 741.
Maryland Route 741 is the designation for an unnamed spur of old alignment from US 40 Alternate to a dead end adjacent to Antietam Creek near Benevola.
MD 742.
Maryland Route 742 is the designation for a section of the old alignment of MD 42 through Friendsville in northwestern Garrett County. MD 742, which follows First Avenue and Maple Street, was assigned after MD 42 bypassed Friendsville in 1975.
MD 746.
Maryland Route 746A is the unsigned designation for Lakeside Drive, which runs from MD 25 north to a gate in Ruxton, Baltimore County. The route is long.
MD 750.
Maryland Route 750 is the designation for a stretch of the old alignment of US 50 that runs between intersections with US 50 at Bucktown Road and just west of Aireys Spur Road east of Cambridge. The road is known as Old Route 50.
MD 752.
Maryland Route 752 is the designation for Hallowing Lane, a spur south from MD 231 just east of the Benedict Bridge near Barstow.
MD 759.
Maryland Route 759B is the unsigned designation for a stretch of Love Point Road that runs from a dead end adjacent to US 50 and US 301's interchange with MD 8 east to MD 18 in Stevensville.
MD 761.
Maryland Route 761 is the designation for Old Plum Point Road, a loop of old alignment of MD 263 near Parran.
MD 762.
Maryland Route 762 is the unsigned designation for a portion of Andover Road running from MD 162 northwest to MD 170 in Linthicum, Anne Arundel County. The route is long.
MD 763.
Maryland Route 763 is the signed designation for the section of Superior Street from MD 155, which follows Superior Street to the west and turns south onto Ohio Street, east to Juniata Street within Havre de Grace.
MD 764.
Maryland Route 764 is the designation for a section of Breezy Point Road from MD 261 south to its intersection with Pinewood Terrace near Parran. MD 764A is the designation for Old Willows Road, a section of old alignment of MD 261 that runs north from the intersection of MD 764 and Pinewood Terrace to a dead end.
MD 768.
Maryland Route 768 is the designation for the section of old alignment of MD 402 in Dares Beach. The state highway heads northeast from MD 402 a short distance west of the latter highway's northern terminus along Dares Wharf Road. Within the Dares Beach community, MD 768 turns east onto Virginia Street, which the highway follows to its eastern terminus at Chesapeake Avenue.
MD 776.
Maryland Route 776 is the unsigned designation for Sunset Boulevard and Railroad Avenue, which together run from MD 480 and MD 312 (Ridgely Road) north to MD 312 (Central Avenue) within Ridgely.
MD 779.
Maryland Route 779 is the designation for Old Quarterfield Road, which runs from a dead end east to MD 174 in 
Glen Burnie, Anne Arundel County. The route is long.
MD 783.
Maryland Route 783 is the unsigned designation for a portion of Riverview Avenue in Annapolis, Anne Arundel County, running from MD 436 north to the end of state maintenance at the intersection with Riverview Court. The route is long.
MD 784.
Maryland Route 784 is the unsigned designation for Acorn Drive in Annapolis, Anne Arundel County, running from MD 436 east to a dead end, intersecting MD 785. The route is long.
MD 785.
Maryland Route 785 is the unsigned designation for Acorn Drive in Annapolis, Anne Arundel County, running from MD 784 north to a dead end. The route is long.
MD 788.
Maryland Route 788 is the unsigned designation for Old Forest Drive in Annapolis, Anne Arundel County, running from MD 387 east to Forest Drive. The route is long.
MD 795.
Maryland Route 795 is the unsigned designation for two separate portions of highway, one in Baltimore County and one in Dorchester County.
MD 796.
Maryland Route 796 is the unsigned designation for a short unnamed road in Bristol, Anne Arundel County, running from MD 794 east to a dead end. The route is long.
MD 797.
Maryland Route 797 is the unsigned designation for State Circle, the traffic circle that encircles the Maryland State House in Annapolis. The street is also the location of the governor's residence. MD 797 is surfaced entirely in brick and has a circumference of . The circle officially begins and ends at Maryland Avenue.
MD 798.
Maryland Route 798 is the unsigned designation for a section of Old Generals Highway, a section of the old alignment of MD 178, from Sherwood Forest Road to MD 178 in Crownsville.

</doc>
<doc id="30982666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982666" title="Rhodoprasina nanlingensis">
Rhodoprasina nanlingensis

Rhodoprasina nanlingensis is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Hunan and Guangdong in China.
The wingspan is about 86 mm. The forewing is relatively short and broad. The head, thorax, abdomen and forewing uppersides are reddish ochreous. The ground colour of the hindwing upperside is more reddish than the forewing and the undersides of both wings are reddish ochreous.

</doc>
<doc id="30982675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982675" title="Rhodoprasina nenulfascia">
Rhodoprasina nenulfascia

Rhodoprasina nenulfascia is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from southern Tibet near the borders with India and Bhutan.

</doc>
<doc id="30982684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982684" title="Rhodoprasina viksinjaevi">
Rhodoprasina viksinjaevi

Rhodoprasina viksinjaevi is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Guangdong and Hunan in China.
The wingspan is 82–100 mm. It is similar to "Rhodoprasina corrigenda" but smaller and with a bluish tint to the greenish forewings. The pink basal area on the hindwing extends to the centre of the wing

</doc>
<doc id="30982697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982697" title="Rhodoprasina winbrechlini">
Rhodoprasina winbrechlini

Rhodoprasina winbrechlini is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from northern Vietnam and southern Yunnan in China.
Adult males have long antennae. The forewings are green with a faint blue tint. There is a red area on the hindwing upperside which does not extend beyond the median line. The distal half of the wing is greenish.
Adults are on wing in early March in northern Vietnam and early April in Yunnan.

</doc>
<doc id="30982701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982701" title="Rhodoprasina corolla">
Rhodoprasina corolla

Rhodoprasina corolla is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Thailand.

</doc>
<doc id="30982708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982708" title="Rhodoprasina koerferi">
Rhodoprasina koerferi

Rhodoprasina koerferi is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Bhutan.

</doc>
<doc id="30982717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982717" title="Cash (1933 film)">
Cash (1933 film)

Cash is a 1933 British comedy film directed by Zoltan Korda and starring Edmund Gwenn, Wendy Barrie and Robert Donat. It was made by Alexander Korda's London Film Productions.
Plot.
A businessman on the brink of bankruptcy struggles to keep his company afloat.

</doc>
<doc id="30982723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982723" title="Bharatpur I (community development block)">
Bharatpur I (community development block)

Bharatpur I (community development block) is an administrative division in Kandi subdivision of Murshidabad district in the Indian state of West Bengal. Bharatpur police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is at Bharatpur.
Geography.
Bharatpur is located at 
Bharatpur I community development block has an area of 182.00 km2.
Gram panchayats.
Gram panchayats in Bharatpur I block/ panchayat samiti are: Alugram, Amlai, Bharatpur, Godda, Gundiria, Jajan, Sijgram and Talgram.
jajan gram panchayet is situated in the north-west of bharat pur block.This Panchayet have 10 no.of village named kujura,palitpara,akta,harish chandra pur,sardanga ,bindar pur ,jadav pur,ruha,jajan ,jadu pur .
Demographics.
As per 2001 census, Bharatpur I block has a total population of 150,839, out of which 78,238 were males and 72,601 were females. Bharatpur I block registered a population growth of 16.38 per cent during the 1991-2001 decade. Decadal growth for the district was 23.70 per cent. Decadal growth in West Bengal was 17.84 per cent.

</doc>
<doc id="30982725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982725" title="Braulio Armoa">
Braulio Armoa

Braulio Armoa (born 3 November 1978 in Encarnación, Paraguay) is a Paraguayan footballer currently playing for Deportes Puerto Montt of the Primera B Chilena.

</doc>
<doc id="30982727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982727" title="Fläsklägg med rotmos">
Fläsklägg med rotmos

Fläsklägg med rotmos () is a dish in the Swedish cuisine. The name literally means "ham hock with mashed rutabaga."
Method.
The ham hock is often salt-cured before it's cooked for one to two hours together with onions, carrots, and allspice. Rutabaga, potatoes, and carrots are then cooked in the broth, drained and mashed. It may be served with different kinds of mustard; the preferred one is a traditional sweet Scanian mustard. The use of allspice is typical in Swedish cuisine.

</doc>
<doc id="30982728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982728" title="Rhodoprasina floralis">
Rhodoprasina floralis

Rhodoprasina floralis is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from northern India and Nepal.
The larvae have been recorded feeding on "Acer campbelli".

</doc>
<doc id="30982733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982733" title="Bharatpur II (community development block)">
Bharatpur II (community development block)

Bharatpur II (community development block) is an administrative division in Kandi subdivision of Murshidabad district in the Indian state of West Bengal. Salar police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is at Salar.
Geography.
Salar is located at 
Bharatpur II community development block has an area of 98.74 km2.
Gram panchayats.
Gram panchayats in Bharatpur II block/ panchayat samiti are: Kagram, Malihati, Salar, Salu, Simulia, Talibpur and Tenya Baidyapur.
Dakshinkhanda in Salar Panchayat.A Brights Village.
Demographics.
As per 2001 census, Bharatpur II block has a total population of 150,115, out of which 76,993 were males and 73,442 were females. Bharatpur II block registered a population growth of 17.89 per cent during the 1991-2001 decade. Decadal growth for the district was 23.70 per cent. Decadal growth in West Bengal was 17.84 per cent.

</doc>
<doc id="30982754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982754" title="Cowart, Mississippi">
Cowart, Mississippi

Cowart is an unincorporated community located in Tallahatchie County, Mississippi. Cowart is located on Mississippi Highway 32 approximately north of Tippo and approximately west of Charleston.
The county's former sheriff Clarence Strider—a witness for the defense at the Emmett Till murder trial—narrowly missed being shot in the head while he sat in his car at a general store in Cowart in 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="30982769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982769" title="Gordon Massa">
Gordon Massa

Gordon Richard Massa (born September 9, 1935, at Cincinnati, Ohio) is a retired American professional baseball player who appeared in eight games as a catcher and pinch hitter for the 1957–1958 Chicago Cubs of Major League Baseball. A left-handed batter who threw right-handed, he stood tall and weighed .
After graduating from Elder High School in Cincinnati, Massa attended The College of the Holy Cross, where he starred in baseball and football. In 1955 he led the Crusaders in home runs and runs batted in as the team posted a 13–4 record and qualified for the NCAA Division I College Baseball Tournament. Overall, Holy Cross won 42 of 53 games during Massa's time on the varsity. In football, he played center and linebacker and was selected by the New York Giants in the tenth round of the 1957 National Football League Draft.
But Massa chose professional baseball as his destination and signed with the Cubs on June 24, 1957. Three months later, after prepping with the Des Moines Bruins of the Class A Western League, Massa made his MLB debut, starting at catcher and notching two hits, both singles, in four at bats with one run batted in against Hal Jeffcoat of the Cincinnati Redlegs. All told, Massa collected seven hits in 15 at-bats with three RBI during his first trial with the Cubs. The following year, he was sent to the Minor league baseball#Defunct levelsClass B Illinois-Indiana-Iowa League for further minor league seasoning, and he batted .316 to earn his second late-season call-up to the Cubs. He went hitless in two at-bats.
Massa returned to the minors for good in 1959, and retired after the 1963 season after seven seasons in the Cub farm system, pitching in 24 games as well as handling catching chores.
He was elected to the Holy Cross Athletic Hall of Fame in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="30982771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982771" title="Rhodambulyx davidi">
Rhodambulyx davidi

Rhodambulyx davidi is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the mountains of southern China, where it is found at altitudes between 1,200 and 2,300 meters.

</doc>
<doc id="30982785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982785" title="Museum of Fine Arts, Rheims">
Museum of Fine Arts, Rheims

The Museum of Fine Arts ("Musée des beaux-arts") is a fine arts museum in the French town of Reims.
History.
Its collection was founded in 1794 with objects seized during the French Revolution and was first housed in the city's town hall. Throughout the 19th century its collections grew via purchases and bequests, until in 1908 the city of Reims decided to buy a separate building to house it. Their choice fell on the former Saint-Denis Abbey. That building's construction was begun in the 9th century by Fulk on the site of a former cemetery. It had then undergone several uses since the Revolution, as the French Directory's district headquarters, a store for artworks from sold-off churches, in 1814 and 1815 a barracks for Russian occupation troops, and finally in 1822 as a grand seminary. It was abandoned as a seminary in 1906 after the 1905 French law on the Separation of the Churches and the State and the museum moved into it. It was then renovated, with the museum's rooms partly corresponding to the 18th century abbot's palace, rebuilt in the 19th century. The museum was re-opened in its new home on 19 October 1913 by president Raymond Poincaré.
Collections.
The collections cover all the main European artistic movements from the 16th to 20th centuries and are shown in chronological and thematic order. Though it also houses sculptures, drawings (including 13 exceptional watercolour portraits on paper by Lucas Cranach the Elder, on rotating show in a special room devoted to them), engravings, furniture and objets d’art, most of the museum's objects are paintings, notably from the Flemish, Dutch and French schools and by historic and modern artists, with the French school being the most strongly represented, notably the 17th century. Artists represented include :

</doc>
<doc id="30982793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982793" title="Palpada">
Palpada

Palpada is a genus of 85 neotropical and nearctic flower flies or hoverflies
External links.
See BugGuide page for images: http://bugguide.net/node/view/9169/bgimage

</doc>
<doc id="30982797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982797" title="Meghdad Ghobakhlou">
Meghdad Ghobakhlou

Meghdad Ghobakhlou (, ; born 23 August 1982) is an Iranian football player who plays for Saipa in Iran Pro League.
Club career.
Persepolis.
He was promoted to Persepolis first team in the beginning of the 2003–04 season, and scored a tie-breaking 90+2 minute goal for Persepolis in a friendly against SK Sturm Graz.
Pas Hamedan.
Ghobakhlou dealt with a Posterior cruciate ligament injury in 2008 missing half of 2008–09 season. He was named Fair Player of the week 19 during 2008–09 season. 
Saipa.
He joined Saipa in summer 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="30982807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982807" title="Rhodambulyx hainanensis">
Rhodambulyx hainanensis

Rhodambulyx hainanensis is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the mountains of Hainan Island in China, where it is found at altitudes of about 1,500 meters.

</doc>
<doc id="30982811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982811" title="Effie, Mississippi">
Effie, Mississippi

Effie is an unincorporated community located in Tallahatchie County, Mississippi. Effie is located on Tippo Road approximately north of Tippo and approximately south of Cowart.

</doc>
<doc id="30982819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982819" title="Bangladesh Madrasah Education Board">
Bangladesh Madrasah Education Board

Bangladesh Madrasah Education Board or "Alia Madrasah Education Board" started its activity independently in 1979. With the passage of time of Madrasah Education, in 1978 a humanities and science faculty were included in Alim level and in 1980, Fazil degree was given the standard of education of HSC level. In 1985 dakhil level was given the standard of education of SS. and in 1987 Alim level was given the standard of education of HSC. 
Humanities, science, business and technical education has been included with Madrasah education. Meanwhile a law has been passed for the education of Fazil and Kamil with those of B.A. and M.A. degree in general education. 
Background.
Alia Madrasah was established in 1780 by the British government who formed the Madrasah Education Board of Bengal. Madrasah Education was then started formally. Late A. K. Fazlul Huq the prime minister declared in a prize giving ceremony is Kolkata Alia Madrasah in 1939, “I want the spread of Madrasah Education should be modernized and an Arabic University should be established”.
To materialize this declaration of share-E-Bangla a committee named Moula Box was formed. This committee advises on the development of Madrasah education. In 1947 after the independence of Pakistan many commissions were formed for the development of Madrasah education. Among them in 1949 the "West Bengal Educational System Reconstruction Committee" was formed and in 1963-64 the name of Arabic uUniversity was mentioned.
In 1971 after the independence of Bangladesh, steps were taken for the modernization of Madrasah education. Bengali, Mathematics, English, Social science, General Science were made compulsory. In 1978 the Madrasah Education Board was formed under Ordinance for the Modernization of Madrasah Education.

</doc>
<doc id="30982820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982820" title="Rhodambulyx schnitzleri">
Rhodambulyx schnitzleri

Rhodambulyx schnitzleri is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from western Yunnan in China and northern Thailand.

</doc>
<doc id="30982825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982825" title="List of state highways in Maryland shorter than one mile (2–699)">
List of state highways in Maryland shorter than one mile (2–699)

The following is a list of state highways in Maryland shorter than one mile (1.6 km) in length with route numbers between 2 and 699. Most of these highways act as service roads, old alignments of more prominent highways, or connectors between one or more highways. Many of these highways are unsigned and have multiple segments with the same number. Several of these highways have their own articles; those highways are summarized here and a link is provided to the main article. This list does not include highways where at least one highway of that number is at least one mile in length. All highways at least one mile in length have their own article. The highways shorter than one mile with the same number are covered in the main article for the highway.
There are also lists of state highways in Maryland shorter than one mile with route numbers between 700 and 799; between 800 and 899; and between 900 and 999.
__NOTOC__
MD 169.
Maryland Route 169 is the designation for Maple Road, a state highway in Linthicum in northwestern Anne Arundel County. The highway begins at Hammonds Ferry Road and heads east as a two-lane road through a residential area. MD 169 has a grade crossing of the Baltimore Light Rail just prior to its intersection with MD 170 (Camp Meade Road). The highway reaches its eastern terminus at MD 648 (Baltimore–Annapolis Boulevard).
MD 172.
Maryland Route 172 is the unsigned designation for Arundel Cove Avenue, a route that runs from railroad tracks in Orchard Beach in Anne Arundel County north to MD 173 (Hawkins Point Road) in the city of Baltimore. This state highway once served as the entrance to the United States Coast Guard Yard. The Yard is now accessed from MD 173 just to the west of MD 172. MD 172 was constructed by 1930.
MD 181.
Maryland Route 181 is the designation for the Sixth Street bridge over the Spa Creek in Annapolis, Anne Arundel County. The route was designated in 2009 and is long.
MD 219.
Maryland Route 219 is the unsigned designation for Ninth Street, which runs from the intersection of US 219 and MD 135 north to High Street within Oakland. MD 219 is state-maintained from US 219 to Green Street and maintained by the town of Oakland from there to High Street. The state highway follows the southernmost part of the alignment of the future Oakland Bypass.
MD 221.
Maryland Route 221A is the unsigned designation for a section of Ritchie–Marlboro Road around that highway's dumbbell interchange with I-95/I-495 (Capital Beltway) (Exit 13) in Largo.
MD 250.
Maryland Route 250A is the unsigned designation for Old Virginia Road, which runs from US 13 Business east to the intersection of US 13 and US 113 within Pocomoke City. The state highway is the southernmost part of the second alignment of US 113 in Pocomoke City. MD 250A was assigned shortly after US 113 was rolled back to terminate at the Pocomoke City Bypass, US 13, in the 1960s.
MD 268.
Maryland Route 268, which is known as North Street, runs from Main Street north to MD 279 within Elkton. The state highway begins at Main Street in downtown Elkton. Main Street is one-way eastbound; the parallel street that allows westbound traffic and provides access to MD 213 (Bridge Street) is High Street one block to the north. MD 268 heads north through a commercial area that transitions to a residential area at Railroad Avenue, where the highway veers slightly to the west to cross over the Amtrak Northeast Corridor. The old alignment, Old North Road, consists of pair of stubs on the south and north sides of the tracks with unsigned designations MD 727 and MD 727A, respectively. MD 268 continues north through a residential area, passing between Big Elk Creek and Elkton Middle School before reaching its northern terminus at MD 279 (Elkton Road/Newark Avenue). MD 268 is the old alignment of MD 279 within Elkton. North Street was paved by 1921. MD 279's overpass of the Pennsylvania Railroad (now Amtrak) was constructed around 1930. MD 268 was assigned to North Avenue when MD 279 was extended west to US 40 to bypass the center of Elkton in 1967.
MD 284.
Maryland Route 284, which is known as Hemphill Street, runs between two intersections with MD 285 in Chesapeake City in southern Cecil County. MD 284 begins at MD 285 (Biddle Street) in the town of Chesapeake City one block north of the Chesapeake and Delaware Canal. The state highway heads north as a two-lane road through a residential area. Just after leaving the town limits of Chesapeake City, MD 284 curves to the west and reaches its northern terminus at MD 285 (Lock Street). MD 285 heads north to a junction with MD 213 (Augustine Herman Highway). Hemphill Street was part of the original Cecilton–Elkton highway passing through Chesapeake City that was designated for improvement by the Maryland State Roads Commission in 1909. This highway, which was paved through Chesapeake City in 1915, followed Hemphill Street south to the canal, where it turned west and crossed a wooden, one-lane bridge to the south side of the town. The wooden bridge across the canal was dismantled ahead of the expansion and straightening of the Chesapeake and Delaware Canal in the 1920s. A vertical lift bridge was constructed by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers connecting Lock Street on the north side with George Street on the south side of the town in 1926, bypassing Hemphill Street, which was later designated MD 284.
MD 308.
Maryland Route 308 is the designation for a portion of South Main Street in Federalsburg, Caroline County running from Maryland Route 313 north to the end of state maintenance. It is among the shortest of all state highways at . Although not signposted, it does appear in official documents and some commercial maps.
MD 324.
Maryland Route 324 is the unsigned designation for Maple Avenue, which runs for between MD 16/MD 331 and the southern town limit of Preston, where the highway continues as county-maintained Choptank Road.
MD 327.
Maryland Route 327, which is known as Ikea Way, runs from MD 7 east to Marion Tapp Parkway and Firestone Road within Perryville. MD 327 begins at an intersection with MD 7 (Broad Street) on the eastern edge of the town of Perryville. The state highway heads southeast as a two-lane road, crossing over the Amtrak Northeast Corridor. MD 327 reaches its eastern terminus at an intersection with Marion Tapp Parkway and Firestone Road. Firestone Road leads to the entrance of an IKEA distribution center. Marion Tapp Parkway leads to the entrance of the adjacent Perryville Wastewater Treatment Plant and to Perryville Community Park located at the Perry Point promontory east of the Perry Point VA Medical Center property. A grade-separated crossing of the Pennsylvania Railroad at the site of MD 327 was constructed in 1942 and reconstructed in 1968 around the same time Firestone Plastics opened a chemical plant on the present site of the IKEA distribution center. MD 327 was designated in 1968 when the railroad crossing was reconstructed. The state highway had no name as of 1999; it was designated Firestone Road in 2001 and Ikea Way in 2004 shortly after the opening of the IKEA distribution center.
MD 334.
Maryland Route 334 is a state highway in Talbot County, Maryland. It runs along Port Street from Maryland Route 322 on the western edge of Easton, eastward to Washington Street. Maryland Route 334 follows Port Street in Easton, starting in the west at the intersection with MD 322 (Easton Parkway). It passes through a somewhat rural side of the town, changing quickly to a residential corridor. The route and Port Street end at Washington Street.
MD 368.
Maryland Route 368 is the designation for St. Martins Neck Road, a spur that runs from the beginning of state maintenance north to MD 367 in Bishopville. St. Martin Neck Road continues southeast as a county highway to Isle of Wight, where it has an at-grade intersection with MD 90 (Ocean City Expressway). MD 368 originally also included present day MD 568 and MD 367 between the two roads; MD 368 was shortened to its present length in 1950.
MD 375.
Maryland Route 375 is the unsigned designation for Commerce Street, a street that runs one-way west (officially north) from MD 818 (Main Street) to MD 374 (Broad Street) within downtown Berlin.
MD 377.
Maryland Route 377 is the unsigned designation for Williams Street, which runs from MD 376 in the Berlin Commercial District north to MD 346 (Old Ocean City Boulevard) just west of US 113 within Berlin.
MD 384.
Maryland Route 384 runs from MD 390 east to US 29 and MD 97 in Silver Spring, providing access to the Silver Spring Metro Station.
MD 393.
Maryland Route 393 (Old Solomons Island Road) is an old alignment of Maryland Route 2 through Parole in Anne Arundel County. Its alignment runs from MD 2 north of MD 665 northerly to MD 450. It is long.
MD 430.
Maryland Route 430 is the unsigned designation for Greenbelt Road, which runs from US 1 east to MD 193 within College Park. MD 430 serves to complete movements missing from the US 1-MD 193 interchange to the north of MD 430's western terminus.
MD 432.
Maryland Route 432 is the unsigned designation for Glen Oak Lane, which runs from the intersection of Guilford Road and Oakland Mills Road east to a cul-de-sac adjacent to I-95's interchange with MD 32 (Exit 38) in Columbia.
MD 449.
Maryland Route 449 is the unsigned designation for the section of Shallcross Wharf Road from MD 213 east to MD 444 in Locust Grove.
MD 460.
Maryland Route 460, which is known as Hall Highway, runs from McCready Memorial Hospital east to MD 413 within Crisfield in southwestern Somerset County. The highway begins just north of the McCready Memorial Hospital property on a peninsula between Daugherty Creek and the Little Annemessex River. The roadway continues north as county-maintained Byrd Road. MD 460 heads south, entering the city limits of Crisfield and passing through the hospital grounds, where the highway is flanked by perpendicular parking spaces. The state highway turns east and crosses the Little Annemessex River, then passes through a residential neighborhood where the highway intersects Wynfall Avenue, which provides full access to MD 413. MD 460 reaches its eastern terminus at southbound MD 413 (Maryland Avenue). There is no direct access to northbound MD 413 (Richardson Avenue). McCready Memorial Hospital was founded in 1923 as a memorial to Edward W. McCready, a cork industry scion and Crisfield native who was killed in a train–automobile collision on the Crisfield–Westover road in 1919. MD 460 was constructed around 1933 to provide a more direct connection between the hospital and the populated areas of Crisfield.
MD 485.
Maryland Route 485 is the unsigned designation for Saathoff Road, an old alignment of MD 404 that runs between two intersections with MD 404 east of Hillsboro.
MD 490.
Maryland Route 490 is the signed designation for a section of Union Avenue from Commerce Street north to MD 7, which turns north from Revolution Street onto Union Avenue at MD 490's northern terminus.
MD 518.
Maryland Route 518 is the designation for First Street in the town of Queen Anne, Talbot County from Maryland Route 404 Alternate to the Queen Anne's County line. The route is long.
MD 524.
Maryland Route 524 is the designation for a former alignment of Maryland Route 2 looping to the west in Huntingtown, Calvert County; it carries the name of Old Town Road and travels for . It intersects the eastern terminus of Maryland Route 521.
MD 535.
Maryland Route 535 (Auth Road) connects county-maintained Auth Road with the ramp to Maryland Route 5 in Prince George's County. It is approximately long and is aligned in an east–west direction.
MD 537.
Maryland Route 537 is an unsigned state highway in Cecil County, Maryland running through Chesapeake City. The highway is divided into three segments, all of which are designated with a lettered suffix. A piece of Maryland 537 begins as a branch from Maryland 284 in Chesapeake City, continuing as Lock Street southward through the city past Maryland 285, and stopping at Bank Street and the Chesapeake and Delaware Canal. Across the canal, the route picks up again in the same direction as George Street, crossing Maryland 286, and then ending at the Augustine Herman Highway (Maryland 213). Maryland Route 537 used to cross MD 213 and parallel it along Basil Road before rejoining it, however this section has been removed from the state highway system.
Maryland 537 is the original route of Maryland 213 through Chesapeake City, which was diverted when a different site was found for a high bridge across the canal. The current bridge on Maryland 213 was opened in 1949 after the earlier vertical lift bridge connecting George Street with Lock Street was destroyed in an accident with the tanker "Franz Klasen" in 1942.
MD 553.
Maryland Route 553 is the secret designation for sections of Old South River Road, near Maryland Route 2 in Edgewater, together totaling in length:
MD 568.
Maryland Route 568 is the designation for Hatchery Road, a spur that runs from MD 367 in Bishopville north to the Delaware state line, where the highway continues as Bishopville Road toward Selbyville. MD 568 was originally a segment of MD 368; the roads received their present designations in 1950.
MD 584.
Maryland Route 584 is a short loop to the west of MD 5 in Saint Mary's City in Saint Mary's County. The route is long.
MD 591.
Maryland Route 591 is a pair of state highways that form the old alignment of U.S. Route 1 (US 1) near Conowingo in northwestern Cecil County. MD 591A and MD 591B run on the northwest and southeast sides, respectively, of a now-removed 1885 bridge over Octoraro Creek.
A bridge has existed at this site on Octoraro Creek since a bridge was constructed to serve Richard Porter's mill on the northwest side of Octoraro Creek in the late 18th century. A wooden covered bridge was constructed at the site around 1858 and washed away in a flood in 1884. A metal Pratt through truss bridge was constructed to replace Porter's Bridge in 1885. This truss bridge served the original state road, later designated US 1 in 1927. The state road west toward Conowingo was paved in 1911, while the state road east toward Rising Sun was completed by 1919. Porter's Bridge was bypassed when a relocation of US 1, including a new bridge over Octoraro Creek upstream, was completed in 1934. The old alignment was designated MD 591. Porters Bridge was closed in January 1978 after a storm caused irreparable damage to the eastern approach to the bridge. The bridge was dismantled around 2002.
MD 617.
Maryland Route 617 is the unsigned designation for an unnamed road connecting Maryland Route 16A (Beauchamp Branch Road) north to Maryland Route 16 (Harmony Road) in Caroline County. The route is long.
MD 631.
Maryland Route 631 is the unsigned designation for Old Brandywine Road, a spur south from the intersection of MD 373 and Brandywine Road south to a dead end adjacent to the US 301 – MD 5 interchange in Brandywine.
MD 636.
Maryland Route 636 is the unsigned designation for Warrior Drive, which runs from MD 53 east to US 220 within Cresaptown, crossing Warrior Run twice. The westbound direction of MD 636 is used by traffic from US 220 to access MD 53. MD 636 was under construction by 1936 and completed by 1938.
MD 637.
Maryland Route 637 (Naylor Road) connects Maryland Route 5 with the Washington, D.C. Line in Prince George's County. It is approximately long and is aligned in an east-west direction.
MD 640.
Maryland Route 640 is the designation for a part of Revells Neck Road in Somerset County running from U.S. Route 13 west to the Eastern Correctional Institution. The route is long. Around 1946, a much larger section of Revells Neck Road was designated Maryland Route 697.
MD 642.
Maryland Route 642 is the unsigned designation for Greenland Beach Road, a spur that runs east from MD 173 (Fort Smallwood Road) in Orchard Beach. The state highway is the old alignment of MD 173 just west of Stony Creek. MD 642 was assigned around 1947 when the present bridge over Stony Creek was completed.
MD 644.
Maryland Route 644 is the unsigned designation for two short spurs off US 1 in Halethrope, Baltimore County.
MD 645.
Maryland Route 645 is the unsigned designation for two segments of Old Dorsey Road in Harmans, Anne Arundel County.
MD 652.
Maryland Route 652 is the designation for Old Telegraph Road, which runs from a dead end north to MD 176 in Harmans, Anne Arundel County.
MD 656.
Maryland Route 656 is the designation for Friels Road, which runs from MD 18 next to the Queenstown Premium Outlets east to MD 456 within Queenstown.
MD 658.
Maryland Route 658 is an unsigned state highway that runs from MD 53 north to US 40 Alternate within La Vale. The highway west of I-68 is part of US 220 Truck, which provides access from eastbound I-68 to southbound US 220 in Cresaptown for trucks due to a truck prohibition on the eastbound exit ramp for I-68's interchange with US 220. MD 658 begins at an intersection with MD 53 (Winchester Road) and heads northeast as Vocke Road, a four-lane divided highway. The state highway passes the Country Club Mall and the District 6 offices of the Maryland State Highway Administration before intersecting a segment of Braddock Road, which is unsigned MD 949. MD 658 intersects entrance and exit ramps from Exit 40 of eastbound I-68 and US 40 (National Freeway). The highway passes under the freeway and meets an exit ramp from westbound I-68 and the western terminus of MD 49 (Braddock Road) at the next intersection, where the highway's name changes to Campground Road. MD 658 turns north, crossing Braddock Run, and reduces to a four-lane undivided highway before reaching its northern terminus at US 40 Alternate (National Pike). MD 658 was assigned to Campground Road as a connector between US 40 and MD 49 in 1939. The state highway was extended south along Vocke Road to MD 53 around 1948. MD 658 was expanded to a divided highway from MD 53 to MD 49 around 1972 in conjunction with the construction of I-68 through La Vale.
MD 660.
Maryland Route 660 is the unsigned designation for Dodge Street, which runs from MD 355 north to MD 28 in Rockville, Montgomery County.
MD 668.
Maryland Route 668 is the designation for Boswells Drive, which runs from Harvey Yingling Road north to a dead end parallel to the southbound side of MD 30 just south of the Pennsylvania state line north of Manchester in northeastern Carroll County.
MD 672.
Maryland Route 672 is the designation for a portion of Greenbury Point Road in Annapolis, Anne Arundel County, running from MD 648 east to the end of state maintenance.
MD 673.
Maryland Route 673 is the designation for Sam Barnes Road, a short road that connects Maryland Route 413 to U.S. Route 13 in Somerset County. The route is long. The route is a former piece of MD 413; it was created when MD 413 and US 13 were realigned. MD 673 houses several important facilities in Westover and provides the only access from northbound US 13 to southbound MD 413.
MD 674.
Maryland Route 674 is the designation for Sharp Street, a road in Rock Hall, Kent County that runs from Maryland Route 20 west to the end of state maintenance. The route is long.
MD 694.
Maryland Route 694 is the unsigned designation for Agricultural Farm Road, a service road that extends from MD 212 south to U.S. government property in Beltsville.

</doc>
<doc id="30982833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982833" title="Jean-Baptiste Gilles">
Jean-Baptiste Gilles

Jean-Baptiste Gilles (or Gille; 1680–1762), known as Colson, was a French painter of portraits in miniature and water-colours. He was born at Verdun, and assumed his mother's surname of Colson, because the theatres of the fairs had brought ridicule upon the name of Gilles. Colson, who was a pupil of Christophe, and a member of the Academy of St. Luke, died in Paris in 1762.

</doc>
<doc id="30982844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982844" title="William H. Strayer">
William H. Strayer

Private William H. Strayer (born 1847, date of death unknown) was an American soldier in the U.S. Army who served with the 3rd U.S. Cavalry during the Indian Wars in Nebraska. He was one of four men, along with Sergeant John H. Foley, First Sergeant Leroy Vokes and civilian scout William F. "Buffalo Bill" Cody, awarded the Medal of Honor for gallantry in action against a Miniconjou Sioux raiding party at the Loupe Fork of the Platte River on April 26, 1872.
Biography.
Born in 1847 in Maytown, Pennsylvania, Strayer enlisted in the United States Army in nearby Carlisle and was assigned to Company B of the 3rd U.S. Cavalry Regiment as a private. Sent out west to the frontier, he was later stationed at Fort McPherson under the command of Colonel Joseph J. Reynolds and saw action during the Indian wars in Nebraska during the early 1870s.
On April 25, 1872, Strayer left the fort with the rest of Company B led by Captain Charles Meinhold on the trail of a band of Miniconjou Sioux who had raided the McPherson station on the Union Pacific Railroad, located approximately five miles from the fort, killing several men and stealing a large number of horses. The regiment was guided by civilian scout William F. "Buffalo Bill" Cody and caught up to the Indian raiders the following morning, discovering their camp near the Loupe Fork (near present-day Stapleton, Nebraska) of the Platte River. Upon reaching the Loupe Fork, Captain Meinhold sent Cody and a detachment of ten soldiers under Sergeant John H. Foley for reconnaissance of the south bank of the river while the main force crossed to the north side.
Cody skillfully guided the soldiers to within fifty years of the Sioux camp before being discovered. Though outnumbered two-to-one, Foley decided to attack the raiders rather than risk them escaping. Strayer was among the troopers who followed Sergeant Foley's charge into the camp and, according to a later report by Meinhold, "bravely closed in upon an Indian while he was fired at several times, and wounded him". Three of the Indian raiders were killed, one by Cody and two others chased down by the main cavalry force as they attempted to flee, while six others out hunting were alerted by the gunfire and successfully escaped. With the Sioux raiding party broken up, Strayer and the three men who fought beside him, William Cody and Sergeants John Foley and Leroy Vokes, were cited for "gallantry in action" and awarded the Congressional Medal of Honor on May 22, 1872. After his discharge from Camp Sheridan on December 18, 1874, Strayer disappeared like so many other MOH recipients from the period. No subsequent public records, including pension or medical files, have been found.
Medal of Honor citation.
Rank and organization: Private, Company B, 3d U.S. Cavalry. Place and date: At Loupe Forke, Platte River, Nebr., 26 April 1872. Entered service at: --. Birth: Maytown, Pa. Date of issue: 22 May 1872.
Citation:
Gallantry in action.

</doc>
<doc id="30982854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982854" title="Hôtel de Ville, Reims">
Hôtel de Ville, Reims

The Hôtel de ville is the town hall in the French city of Reims. Previously housing a museum, the city archives, a savings bank, a library, the city police, a tribunal and the chamber of commerce, it now only houses municipal services.
History.
Previously meeting at different sites, the town council bought a building on the place du marché-aux-chevaux in 1499. This building soon became too small but a new one could not be built for lack of funds until a 22,000 livre debt was repaid to the city by the duke of Guise. Nicolas Lespagnol, the city inhabitants' lieutenant, laid the foundation stone on 18 June 1627 and the new building was constructed to designed by the architect Jean Bonhomme. Its first wing on rue des Consuls (now called rue du général Sarrail) was completed quickly and the council began meeting there from 1628 onwards. The façade was completed by Nicolas's brother Claude Lespagnol in 1636 and the building as a whole completed with the corner tower in 1823.
Construction resumed in 1863 with the two last wings under the leadership of Narcisse Brunette and his brother Nicolas and they were completed in 1880. It was burned down on 3 March 1917 during the First World War and rebuilt post-war, with work commencing under Bernard Humbold (architecte en chef des monuments historiques) in 1924. The architects Roger-Henri Expert and Paul Bouchette contributed, along with the sculptor Paul Berton, born in Reims; president Gaston Doumergue reopened the building on 10 June 1928.

</doc>
<doc id="30982863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982863" title="Narcisse Brunette">
Narcisse Brunette

Narcisse Brunette (15 August 1808, Breuvery-sur-Coole – 8 October 1895, 2 place Royale, Reims) was a French architect.

</doc>
<doc id="30982866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982866" title="3D-Coat">
3D-Coat

3D-Coat is a commercial digital sculpting program from Pilgway designed to create free-form organic and hard surfaced 3D models from scratch, with tools which enable users to sculpt, add polygonal topology (automatically or manually), create UV maps (automatically or manually), texture the resulting models with natural painting tools, and render static images or animated "turntable" movies.
The program can also be used to modify imported 3D models from a number of commercial 3D software products by means of plugins called Applinks. Imported models can be converted into voxel objects for further refinement and for adding high resolution detail, complete UV unwrapping and mapping, as well as adding textures for displacement, bump maps, specular and diffuse color maps. A live connection to a chosen external 3D application can be established through the Applink pipeline, allowing for the transfer of model and texture information.
3D-Coat specializes in voxel sculpting and polygonal sculpting - using Dynamic Patch Tessellation technology and polygonal sculpting tools.
In the latest release, users can increase their productivity by using Auto-retopology, a proprietary skinning algorithm. With minimal input from the user, this technology generates an accurate and functional polygonal mesh skin over any voxel sculpture, (composed primarily of quadrangles), which is the standard that is widely used in 3D production studios. Normally, this kind of polygonal topology must be painstakingly produced by hand.

</doc>
<doc id="30982868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982868" title="Andar ng mga Balita (TV newscast)">
Andar ng mga Balita (TV newscast)

Andar ng mga Balita (lit. "Movement of the News") is the flagship newscast of AksyonTV in the Philippines. The newscast airs from Monday to Friday 11:00 a.m. to 12:00 n.n. local time. It is anchored by Martin Andanar and Anna Theresa Licaros with reports from MJ Marfori, and Shawn Yao.
History.
The newscast is based on the morning radio newscast of the same title hosted by Andanar on Radyo5 92.3 News FM.
The program launched a weekend edition that aired on February 26-27, 2011 with Jove Francisco and Chi Bocobo as its co-anchors. However, the weekend edition ended to be replaced by "Balitang 60" on March 5, 2011.
On October 1, 2012, the newscast was moved to a new timeslot, which is 9:00 p.m.
On February 4, 2013, former beauty queen and lawyer Anna Theresa Licaros became part of the newscast as Andanar's new tandem.
On June 3, 2013, the newscast moved to the daytime slot at 11:00 a.m. after Aksyon Solusyon as AksyonTV give way to its sports programming on primetime.
Background.
Backed by the fastest-rising news organization in the country, News5, Martin Andanar and Theresa Licaros deliver fast and factual news and information that headlined the day in Andar ng mga Balita, weekdays on AksyonTV Channel 41. Committed to its thrust of firebrand news delivery and public service, Andar ng mga Balita is AksyonTV’s banner primetime newscast that brings the audience where the action is: the deeper story behind police reports, traffic and commuter updates for the public-on-the-rush and national stories delivered through augmented reality graphics from the all new Orad-based graphics engine. 

</doc>
<doc id="30982869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982869" title="Sataspes xylocoparis">
Sataspes xylocoparis

Sataspes xylocoparis is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from north-eastern India, Bhutan, northern Myanmar, northern Thailand, northern Vietnam and southern and eastern China. The habitat consists of shady, dense, mature hillside woodland with fast-flowing streams.
The wingspan is 52–58 mm for males and 58–70 mm for females. It is a mimic of "Xylocopa" carpenter bees.
It is a day-flying species. Adults feed on the nectar of various flowers.
The larvae have been recorded feeding on "Dalbergia benthami" in Hong Kong. Other recorded foodplants include "Lespedeza" and "Albizia lebbeck". Pupation takes place in a cell just below the surface, or in a rough cocoon on the surface.

</doc>
<doc id="30982887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982887" title="Jean-François Gilles Colson">
Jean-François Gilles Colson

Jean-François Gilles Colson, the son of Jean-Baptiste Gilles, was born at Dijon in 1733. He was a pupil of his father, of Frère Imbert at Avignon, and of Nonotte at Lyons. On coming to Paris he was presented to the Duke of Bouillon, who kept him in constant employment for forty years as architect, sculptor, painter, and even gardener. He gained a high reputation as a portrait painter, and left several manuscripts on perspective, poetry, and the fine arts. He died in Paris in 1803.

</doc>
<doc id="30982893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982893" title="Sataspes infernalis">
Sataspes infernalis

Sataspes infernalis is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from south-western and north-eastern India, Bangladesh, northern Myanmar and northern Thailand.
The thorax upperside is yellow, except for a black, ill-defined, transverse band. Sometimes, the centre of the thorax is more or less black.

</doc>
<doc id="30982911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982911" title="Movimiento Unión Soberanista">
Movimiento Unión Soberanista

Certification.
On March 20, 2012, the Puerto Rico State Commission on Elections (CEE) certified the MUS as a registered party after obtaining the 60,000 endorsements required by Puerto Rican Electoral law.
Election results.
The MUS is currently a small third party. Its candidate for Governor of Puerto Rico, lawyer Arturo Hernández, came in fifth place in the 2012 elections with 0.56% of the vote; María de Lourdes Guzmán, the MUS's candidate for Resident Commissioner, also finished fifth with 0.62% of the vote. The MUS failed to win any seats in the Puerto Rican Senate or House.

</doc>
<doc id="30982913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982913" title="Northern Nevada Aces (collegiate wood bat scout team)">
Northern Nevada Aces (collegiate wood bat scout team)

The Northern Nevada Aces Scout Team is a collegiate summer baseball team based out of Carson City, Nevada. They will begin play in 2011 in the Far West League and play their home games at Western Nevada College in Carson City. The team was originally going to be named the Reno Aces after the Triple-A Pacific Coast League franchise, but due to potential trademark issues with the name and logo, the franchise decided to go with the scout team name. They will still be called the "Aces".

</doc>
<doc id="30982915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982915" title="Gustave Fraipont">
Gustave Fraipont

Gustave Fraipont (1849, Brussels – 1923, Paris) was a painter, sculptor, illustrator and poster-designer. Born in Belgium, he later became a naturalised French citizen.

</doc>
<doc id="30982926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982926" title="Scobey, Mississippi">
Scobey, Mississippi

Scobey is an unincorporated community located in Yalobusha County, Mississippi approximately southeast of Tillatoba and approximately north of Grenada.
Although an unincorporated community, Scobey has a post office and a zip code of 38953.

</doc>
<doc id="30982934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982934" title="Meromacrus">
Meromacrus

Meromacrus is a genus of 43 neotropical and nearctic flower flies or hoverflies
External links.
See BugGuide page for images ( http://bugguide.net/node/view/41882/bgimage )

</doc>
<doc id="30982958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982958" title="Martin Hruška">
Martin Hruška

Martin Hruška (born 11 May 1981) is a Czech football winger who plays for Zlín.

</doc>
<doc id="30982965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982965" title="Il sogno eretico">
Il sogno eretico

Il sogno eretico (translatable as ""The Heretical Dream"") is the fifth studio album by the Italian rapper Caparezza, released on March 1, 2011. The title of the album contains a pun: in Italian "eretico" sounds like "erotico" ("erotic"), so that the reader thinks about a kind of parody of "The "erotic" dream".
The album debuts at the second place of official Italian charts, FIMI.
Reception.
Allmusic reviewer Mariano Prunes wrote, "CapaRezza continues to defy classification with his fascinating cross-contamination of styles".

</doc>
<doc id="30982975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982975" title="William Draper (cricketer)">
William Draper (cricketer)

William Draper (12 November 1848 - 13 March 1919) was an English cricketer who played first-class cricket for Kent from 1874 to 1880. 
Draper was born at Penshurst, Kent, and was registered at birth under William Drapper. In 1872 he appeared for Colts of England and in 1873 represented a side comprising players engaged at Prince's Club. In 1874 he made his first class debut for Kent playing their first match against Derbyshire. It was in the second match of the 1874 season against Derbyshire that Draper achieved his best bowling performance of 5 for 51. He carried on playing for Kent until 1880. He also played for Hastings.
Draper was a left-hand batsman and played 17 innings in 9 first class matches with an average of 7.20 and a top score of 28. He was a right-arm medium pace bowler and took 20 first class wickets at an average of 38.45 and a best performance of 5 for 51.
Draper was a first-class umpire between 1887 and 1898. He died at Tunbridge Wells, Kent at the age of 70

</doc>
<doc id="30982995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30982995" title="Amos Russel Wells">
Amos Russel Wells

Amos Russel Wells (23 December 1862 Glens Falls, New York – 6 March 1933 Massachusetts) was a United States editor, author and professor.
Biography.
He graduated from Antioch College in 1883. He was professor of Greek and geology at Antioch College from 1883 to 1891 and from 1891 editor of the "Christian Endeavor World", Boston. From 1901, he was associate author of "Peloubet's Notes on the Sunday School Lessons". He was a member of the International Sunday-School Lesson Committee. He was a voluminous author, no less than 63 titles being credited to his pen. His works include books dealing with young people's work, the Sunday school, juvenile fiction, poetry and devotional literature.

</doc>
<doc id="30983010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983010" title="2011–12 Colorado Avalanche season">
2011–12 Colorado Avalanche season

The 2011–12 Colorado Avalanche season was the 40th overall season for the franchise, the 33rd since joining the NHL, and 17th since relocating to Colorado.
The Avalanche failed to qualify for the Stanley Cup playoffs, and were seven points behind the 8th-place Kings.
Off-Season.
On June 16, 2011, the Avalanche promoted former player Adam Deadmarsh to assistant coach. Deadmarsh will take Steve Konowalchuk's place behind the bench, as Konowalchuk has accepted the head coaching position for the Seattle Thunderbirds.
Captain Adam Foote retired.
Regular Season.
The Avalanche retired Peter Forsberg's #21 jersey on opening night, October 8.
On November 14, the Avalanche named Milan Hejduk as the third captain in Avalanche history.
The Avalanche had the fewest power-play opportunities of all 30 teams, with just 223.
Playoffs.
The Colorado Avalanche failed to qualify for the 2012 Stanley Cup playoffs.
Player statistics.
Skaters.
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; +/− = Plus/Minus; PIM = Penalty Minutes"
Goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games Played; TOI = Time On Ice (minutes); W = Wins; L = Losses; OT = Overtime Losses; GA = Goals Against; GAA= Goals Against Average; SA= Shots Against; Sv% = Save Percentage; SO= Shutouts; G= Goals; A= Assists; PIM= Penalties in Minutes"
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Avalanche. Stats reflect time with the Avalanche only.
‡Traded mid-season
Final roster.
Updated April 18, 2012.<br>
Transactions.
The Avalanche have been involved in the following transactions during the 2011–12 season:
Draft picks.
Colorado's picks at the 2011 NHL Entry Draft in St. Paul, Minnesota. 

</doc>
<doc id="30983022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983022" title="Aaron Craft">
Aaron Craft

Aaron Craft (born February 12, 1991) is an American professional basketball player. He played college basketball for Ohio State University.
High school career.
Craft attended Liberty-Benton High School near Findlay, Ohio and graduated valedictorian of his class. He was the Ohio Division III player of the year his senior year (2009–10 season). He averaged 26 points, 7 assists and 8 rebounds as a senior with 70 steals (3.2 per game). His freshman year he was the starting point guard for their state runner-up team. In his four years, his teams went 88-5.
In football he was a two-time All-Ohio selection and was the Ohio Division V player of the year (2008 season). During his junior year his team finished state runner-up in Division V football. In three years of football Craft accumulated over 11,000 yards of total offenses, passing for 6,800 yards and rushing for 4,700 yards both school records. He had a career 73.7% passing percentage. He was the starting quarterback for three years opting out of football his senior year to focus on basketball. In those three years his teams had a 38-4 record.
During Craft's high school years he played on the All-Ohio Red AAU basketball team, with future Ohio State teammates Jared Sullinger and J.D. Weatherspoon, winning three consecutive National Championships. They were the only team to win the AAU Nationals at three different age levels.
While growing up Craft's father, John Craft, stressed the importance of defense and how it was more important to be a good defensive player than offensive player. When Craft was in 2nd and 3rd grade, his father, who coached the junior high basketball team, let him join defensive drills during the team practice. One of such drills that Craft remembers as grueling was getting into a defensive stance, and slide back and forth across the foul lane while holding onto bricks.
College career.
Craft was the sixth man for the Ohio State Buckeyes basketball team playing the point guard position as a freshman. He had recorded the fifth highest minutes played on the team. He led his team in Assists (177) and Steals (73). Craft set a school record 15 assists in a game during a NCAA tournament game against George Mason.
As a sophomore, he was highly decorated and even featured in "Time".
As a sophomore, Craft was the catalyst of the 31-8 Men's Ohio State basketball Team. Craft improved his offensive output as a sophomore and expanded his offensive role. He was an efficient scorer, shooting 50% from the field. But his long-range game could improve, only shooting 35.9%. Craft is not known for his shooting but more for his passing and low number of turnovers, with a 2.15 assist to turnover ratio.
During his sophomore season Craft averaged 8.8 PPG, 3.2 RPG, 4.6 APG, and 2.5 SPG.
In his junior year at Ohio State, Craft passed former Buckeye Guard Jay Burson for most steals in school history with 205. In the third round of the 2013 NCAA Tournament against Iowa State, he hit a game-winning three with 0.5 seconds left to send the Buckeyes to the Sweet 16.
Craft is the fourth player in Big Ten history to be a three time first team Academic All-America selection and the third athlete in Division I history to repeat as Division I Men's Basketball Academic All-America Team Member of the Year.
Professional career.
After going undrafted in the 2014 NBA draft, Craft joined the Philadelphia 76ers for the 2014 NBA Summer League.
Personal.
Craft is a Christian. Craft has spoken about his faith saying, "That’s the biggest thing that keeps me humble and keeps things in perspective for me" and "I choose to be a Christian, a student and then an athlete." Craft has put his favorite Bible verse, Romans 5:8, on his basketball shoes.

</doc>
<doc id="30983030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983030" title="Mertondale, Western Australia">
Mertondale, Western Australia

Mertondale is an abandoned town located between Leonora and Laverton in the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia.
A prospector named Fred Merton discovered Gold in the area in 1898 and the claim turned out to be an exceedingly rich find. The mining warden suggested that a townsite should be declared in 1899, and it was gazetted later the same year. 
Merton's lease, named Mertons Reward or Mertons Find was the main mine in the town. Merton himself suggested the name Mertondale. The gold petered out by 1910 and the town was deserted shortly afterward.
A pastoral lease, Mertondale Station, takes its name from the old townsite which is situated within the station boundaries.

</doc>
<doc id="30983031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983031" title="Cause An Effect">
Cause An Effect

Cause An Effect is the first album by the former 1200 Techniques frontman, N'fa. The Australian hip hop artist collaborated with various producers around the world including Roots Manuva, Mr Yoshiaki (The Black Eyed Peas), DJ Peril (of 1200 Techniques) and Deceptikonz (Dawn Raid Entertainment). Three singles were released from the album, "Seduction is Evil (She's Hot)", "Cause An Effect" and "Universal King (Left Right Left)". The actor, Heath Ledger, directed two video clips for the album, "Seduction is Evil (She's Hot)" and "Cause An Effect". In 2010, N'fa re-released the single "Cause An Effect" as an EP with various remixes of the track and video clip on iTunes.
"Cause An Effect" video clip.
In October 2009, N'fa posted a making-of video to his YouTube channel discussing working with Heath Ledger, who had directed the video clip for "Cause An Effect". N'fa reveals in the video:
"We shot it in Sydney… and he called me at this crazy hour, saying, 'I've got this idea, let's make a video!'. We found a few different ideas for clothing, a massive sheet and black curtain, and got in touch with two really good makeup artists… and shot it all in his garage. The idea was to keep it really artistic. Heath was basically running around directing the shots… it was a really cool day. Every day I count my blessings that he directed this piece of art. It was a song I was proud to have written but I never expected to have such an immense video made for it. I've known Heath since we were very young and he was always a creative kind of guy and, in many ways, ahead of the curve."
N'fa was given the opportunity to show the video clip at the 2009 Rome Film Festival on a theatre screen. Ledger invested his time entirely for the video clip directly after "The Dark Knight" had finished filming. On July 12, 2010, N'fa reflected again on the video clip:
"Heath loved the song, and wanted to make a video that artistically married itself to the energy of the track, to indulge listeners and viewers alike. At the end of the day though, it was two old friends hangin' out doing what we love. Good times."

</doc>
<doc id="30983045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983045" title="2011–12 Edmonton Oilers season">
2011–12 Edmonton Oilers season

The 2011–12 Edmonton Oilers season was the 33rd season for the National Hockey League franchise that was established on June 22, 1979, and 40th season including their play in the World Hockey Association.
The Oilers failed to qualify for the Stanley Cup playoffs, the sixth consecutive season. They last qualified during the 2005–06 NHL season.
Off-season.
The Edmonton Oilers drafted first overall in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft, and chose Red Deer Rebels centre Ryan Nugent-Hopkins. With the 19th pick overall (obtained from the Los Angeles Kings in a trade for Dustin Penner) the Oilers chose defenceman Oscar Klefbom.
Playoffs.
The Oilers were eliminated from playoff contentions on March 22, 2012.
Player statistics.
Skaters.
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; +/− = Plus/Minus; PIM = Penalty Minutes"
Goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games Played; TOI = Time On Ice (minutes); W = Wins; L = Losses; OT = Overtime Losses; GA = Goals Against; GAA= Goals Against Average; SA= Shots Against; SV= Saves; Sv% = Save Percentage; SO= Shutouts"
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Oilers. Stats reflect time with Oilers only.
‡Traded mid-season. Stats reflect time with Oilers only.
Transactions.
The Oilers have been involved in the following transactions during the 2011–12 season.
Trades.
"*Later traded to the Dallas Stars"
Draft picks.
Edmonton's picks at the 2011 NHL Entry Draft in St. Paul, Minnesota. 
Final roster.
Updated April 7, 2012.<br>

</doc>
<doc id="30983061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983061" title="Sataspes tagalica">
Sataspes tagalica

Sataspes tagalica is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from western and north-eastern India, Nepal, Myanmar, eastern and southern China and Thailand. The habitat consists of woodland margins and shady tracks through woodland, particularly near bodies of fresh water.
The wingspan is 56-70 mm. It is a variable species with several named forms. It is a mimic of "Xylocopa" carpenter bees, with males and females mimicking different species.
It is a day-flying species. Adults are attracted to the flowers of "Duranta erecta" and "Lantana camara".
The larvae have been recorded feeding on "Dalbergia benthamii" in Hong Kong.

</doc>
<doc id="30983090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983090" title="Kingma">
Kingma

Kingma may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30983095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983095" title="Victoria Larrière">
Victoria Larrière

Victoria Larrière (born 2 May 1991) is a French professional tennis player. As of 14 May 2012, she reached her highest single rankings of World number 172.
Larrière lost in the first round of the main draw in doubles at the 2011 French Open.
Career.
Victoria's career accelerated in the summer of 2011 when she won her first final in an ITF $50,000 tournament in Istanbul.
The following week, for her first appearance in a WTA tournament at the 2011 Tashkent Open, she qualified into the main draw. After winning over Zuzana Kučová (3/6, 6/4, 6/1) in the first round, she played and beat her first Top 100, seed No. 5 Magdaléna Rybáriková (6/4, 6/4) for a total of 10 successive wins. She lost in the quarterfinal 6/1, 6/2 against Ksenia Pervak, seed No. 1 and future winner of the tournament.
Victoria was close to qualify for the 2012 Australian Open, leading 6–4, 3–1 in the last qualification round, but losing 6–4, 4–6, 3–6 to Chang Kai-chen. She was awarded a wild card for the main draw of the 2012 French Open but lost in the first round to the 16th seed Maria Kirilenko (1–6, 2–6).

</doc>
<doc id="30983127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983127" title="2004–05 Atlético Madrid season">
2004–05 Atlético Madrid season

Atlético de Madrid had a largely disappointing season, where the club stalled in its progress towards the internationally qualifying positions. Despite Fernando Torres continuing to score more than a dozen goals per season, consolidating his status as Spain's top young striker, Atlético were only able to score 40 league goals. That rendered the successful defence of Luis Perea and Pablo Ibáñez vital just to keep the club in mid-table.

</doc>
<doc id="30983131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983131" title="Herbert Carter">
Herbert Carter

Herbert Carter may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30983138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983138" title="Gnojnice">
Gnojnice

Gnojnice (Mostar, Bosnia and Herzegovina).
Gnojnice is the village in BiH, around Mostar, municipality Mostar.
Demographics.
Source

</doc>
<doc id="30983146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983146" title="RootsTech">
RootsTech

l
RootsTech is a family history and technology conference and trade show held annually in the Salt Palace Convention Center, Salt Lake City, Utah. It is the successor to three former conferences: the Conference on Computerized Family History and Genealogy, the Family History Technology Workshop and the FamilySearch Developers Conference.
History.
RootsTech is an outgrowth of a conference started at Brigham Young University in Provo, Utah. The manager of Conferences and Workshops, Bob Hales, noted that their long running "Annual Genealogy and Family History Conference" held at the end of July each year was experiencing incredible interest in a track devoted to technology in genealogy. In 1997, Bob Hales met with a local accredited genealogist and technology enthusiast, Alan Mann, to ask for his help in creating a new conference, breaking it off from the Annual Conference. They decided to hold this new conference in March of each year so as to avoid conflict with the July Annual Conference. The first event was held March 1998 and drew 400 paid attendees. By 1999, the second Computerized Genealogy Conference drew more attendees than BYU's Annual Genealogy and Family History Conference, coming from 49 states and 3 countries. Several strategies were employed to accommodate more attendees, including offering the same classes in evening sessions, expanding to other buildings (one of which involved transport by vans), and freeing more meeting rooms by moving exhibitors out of meeting rooms into the hallways. By 2001, the conference organizers turned away hundreds of registrations each year. In 2003, the only national competing event, GenTech, was cancelled, leading to further demand for the BYU Annual Computerized Genealogy Conference.
Over the years, other events were organized to be held a day or two before this annual conference to take advantage of the attendance of exhibitors and developers from around the world. This included the Family History Technology Workshop which displayed and discussed developments in technology for genealogists and the FamilySearch Developers Conference. In 2008, the LDS Church's Family History Department became co-sponsor of these events and the search began for a new venue. The 2010 National Genealogical Society Conference was scheduled to be held in Salt Lake City. With cooperation from the local Salt Lake City NGS sponsor, the Utah Genealogical Association, the Family History Technology Workshop, and the FamilySearch Developers Conference, the Computerized Genealogy Conference organizers met with NGS and proposed a combined NGS conference and Computerized Genealogy Conference, which was held in April 2010. The event was highly successful, and led to plans to move the Computerized Genealogy Conference to Salt Lake City for future events. The name of the conference was changed to RootsTech.
The first RootsTech was held in February 2011, drawing around 3,000 people. It was held again in February 2012, drewing 4,500 people. It was decided to move the event for 2013 to late March, and it drew 6,700 registered attendees and over 13,600 remote attendees. RootsTech has become the largest genealogy and family history conference held in North America. Many attendees and vendors come from other countries around the world. The 2014 event was moved to February, held 6–8 February at the Salt Lake City Salt Palace. Nearly 13,000 attended the 2014 RootsTech Conference in person, with over 100,000 remote participants. The 2015 event is scheduled for February 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="30983150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983150" title="William Chapman (journalist)">
William Chapman (journalist)

William Chapman (born 1930) is an American journalist. He began as a reporter in 1956, and joined "The Washington Post" in 1960. He was assigned by the "Post" to Tokyo as their bureau chief in 1977, and is the author of "Inside the Philippine Revolution" (1988) and "Inventing Japan: The Making of a Postwar Civilization" (1991).
Chapman obtained a BA from DePauw University and an MA in political science from New York University.

</doc>
<doc id="30983170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983170" title="Kingdom Kerry Gaels">
Kingdom Kerry Gaels

The Kingdom Kerry Gaels GFC are a Gaelic football club based in Finchley in North London. The club was formed in 1959 and are one of the most successful clubs in London GAA. The club currently has both a men's team and a ladies team that compete in their respective London Senior championships
History.
Men's Team.
Kingdom GAA club London was founded in 1959 by Michael Walsh, Josie O'Connell, Bill Cremins, Sean and Brendan Kerrisk and Jerome Spillane (uncle of Pat Spillane).
Fielding a junior team in its first year Kingdom won promotion to Intermediate and got promoted to senior in 1963. Kingdom reached its first senior final in 1966 where they were beaten by Parnells by one point.
Three more finals were lost before the Golden Era of the 70's when Kingdom won 6 senior championships in a row (1973–1978), a feat which was never achieved by any other club before or since. 6 British championships and 2 All-Ireland 7-a-side championships were also secured during this period. Kingdom are the only club from across the water to win two Irish championships on Irish soil.
Emigration slowed down and Kingdom found it hard to field an all Kerry team and the club started to recruit players from all corners of Ireland. Tom Roche, who played in the '66 final and was a member of the 6-in-a-row teams, was appointed manager. In his first year in charge Kingdom won the senior league and Conway Cup and were beaten in the 1982 Senior championship final by Round Towers by a point. 
However the club were on the right track and 4 London senior championships followed ('85, '86, '87 and '89), including a 3-in-a-row and 4 British championships were subsequently won during the 80's. 
In the 80's Eddie Sheehan and Frank Shanley formed Kerry Gaels GAA underage club and they too had an extremely successful period. The underage teams won all before them in age groups from u12's, u14's, u16's and up to minor level, including a 3-in-a-row in the London championship at that grade. They also won 2 British championships at U14 (1996) and U16 (1998).
Kerry Gaels then formed a junior club on the back of their successful underage structure and success soon followed. By the early 90s the club had won their way up to senior level where they won 2 London Senior league titles. Indeed in 1997 Kerry Gaels and Kingdom met in a senior championship semi-final which Kingdom won by a point after a replay.
However owing to the boom of the Celtic Tiger both clubs soon found that many of their players returned to their native counties. Many meetings and discussions were held and in 1999 it was decided that the best way forward was to amalgamate the two clubs and form a much stronger position in the London GAA scene under the name Kingdom Kerry Gaels.
The club initially struggled to find its footing and after losing the championship final in 2000 to Tir Chonaill Gaels, 2001 was a very lean year as a lot of the players from the successful underage teams tried to make the step up to the senior grade.
However Kingdom Kerry Gaels won their first major trophy as an amalgamated club when they defeated Garryowen in the 2002 senior league final after a replay.
In Feb 2003, Kingdom Kerry Gaels won the Paidi O'Se tournament beating Edenderry (Offaly), An Gaeltacht (Kerry) and Na Piarsaigh (Cork) in the final.
They then reached their first senior championship final in 2003 which they lost to Tara. In 2004 however the club achieved its greatest moment, and gained revenge on Tara, by winning their first senior championship trophy under the name Kingdom Kerry Gaels, 2-6 to 0-4
Following on from that championship success Kingdom Kerry Gaels represented London at the All-Ireland quarter final stage where they met Crossmaglen Rangers, a club which had won two All-Ireland Senior Club Football Championship titles in 1999 and 2000 and were littered with a number of players from the 2002 All-Ireland winning Armagh team. After an epic encounter in which Kingdom Kerry Gaels pulled back a 6-point deficit to just 1 point with 10 minutes remaining, Crossmaglen's greater big match experience and know-how came to the fore and they defeated Kingdom Kerry Gaels by 4 points in the end, 2-10 to 1-9.
One more London senior championship final has since been reached where Kingdom Kerry Gaels were defeated by Tir Chonaill Gaels in the 2007 final.
Ladies Team.
KKG Ladies was founded in the late 1990s, originally as part of the Kerry Gaels men's club which then merged with The Kingdom in 1999 to form Kingdom Kerry Gaels (KKG). 
KKG Ladies competed at junior level in London in the early years before seeing success in 2002 and 2003 when winning back to back London junior championship titles. The club went on to reach the All-Britain junior provincial championship final in those two years also, losing out to Emerald Gaels of Manchester on both occasions, before moving up to senior grade in London in 2004.
After 5 years competing in the senior grade and the team in transition with a number of new players, the Ladies team felt it would be beneficial to their side to step down to junior grade and regroup at that level.
Subsequently 2009 saw the club's most successful year to date. Playing at junior grade in London, KKG Ladies won the London junior championship and Tom O'Connor Cup before defeating John Mitchells of Birmingham to win the All-Britain junior provincial title for the first time in the club's history. Subsequently the club lost the All-Ireland Junior Quarter final to Monaghan club Corduff (who were managed by the then Monaghan manager and current Meath manager Séamus McEnaney) on a scoreline of 2-3 to 4-9. However the team then went on to win its fourth trophy in 2009 winning the London league title - another first in the club's history - and beating a number of London senior clubs along the way. 
In 2010 KKG Ladies returned to the senior ranks in London and reached their first ever senior county final, unfortunate on the day to lose to Parnells.

</doc>
<doc id="30983186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983186" title="Lviv National Art Gallery">
Lviv National Art Gallery

Lviv National Art Gallery (previously - Lwów Art Gallery, Polish: Lwowska Galeria Sztuki), a leading art museum in Ukraine, has over 60,000 artworks in its collection, including works of Polish, Italian, French, German, Dutch and Flemish, Spanish, Austrian and other European artists. The gallery is based on a Polish institution, "Lwowska Galeria Sztuki", which was founded in 1907 as a municipal museum, following the purchase of the collection of Jan Jakowicz by the city magistrate. Later on, the gallery expanded as the parts of the Władysław Łożyński (1914) and Bolesław Orzechowicz (1929) collections were incorporated. In early 2005 the collection of European art from the 14th to the 18th centuries was transferred to the new premises - the renovated palace-residence of Count Potocki, the former governor of Austrian Galicia. A masterpiece of Georges de La Tour, the 17th-century French artist is presented here on permanent display.
In 1940, after the city of Lviv/Lwów had been occupied by the Soviet Union, Soviet government ordered nationalization of private property. As a result, works from the Lubomirski family museum, the Baworowscy Library, and some other private collections came into the possession of the gallery. All these works had until the 1939 Invasion of Poland belonged either to the Polish state, or to Polish private collectors, as well as Roman - Catholic church.
Dutch Art Collection.
There are over 150 paintings representing Netherlandish, Flemish and Dutch art in the gallery’s collections. The jewels of the collection are two still lifes by Jan van Kessel. Next to it, the visitor can admire a "Still life with flowers" by Abraham Brueghel, one of the grandsons of Jan Brueghel I. Also on display are paintings by representatives of Brueghel School, for example, a painting by Joseph van Bredael who worked in the style of his famed predecessor at the beginning of 18th century. Pieter Neefs I, who often worked together with Frans Franken II, a master of small figure compositions, represents the church interior genre. Further on view is a pair of portraits by Gerrit van Honthorst – "Man with viola da gamba" and "Woman with a guitar" (1631).
The collection of the Lviv Art Gallery includes such works as a Saint Jerome by Lucas Gassel (1539), "Portrait of a woman" by Pieter Pietersz (1557), a group of paintings "Venice", "Bellona" and "Mary Magdalene" by Jakob de Backer, and two landscapes by Abraham Cowarts. There are also paintings by representatives of Dutch Golden Age painting, such as "The Storm" by Pieter van der Croos and the still life "A glass of wine and fruits" by Jan Jansz van de Velde (1639). The Lviv Art Gallery also possesses two battle scenes by the Flemish artist Pauwels Casteels, whose works are rare in museums collections.

</doc>
<doc id="30983188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983188" title="Gare de Verneuil-l'Étang">
Gare de Verneuil-l'Étang

Verneuil-l'Étang is a railway station in Verneuil-l'Étang, Île-de-France, France.
The station.
The station is located on the Paris Est - Mulhouse railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF.
The station is served by Transilien line P (East Paris).
From 1892 until 1950 the station was terminus of the Vincennes railway line, from Paris-Bastille. The station was also the start of the line to Marles-en-Brie via Chaumes-en-Brie and Fontenay-Trésigny, from 1893 until 1913 when the lines were closed because there was not enough use of the services. There also used to be a tram to Melun, which finished here.
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Verneuil-l'Étang:

</doc>
<doc id="30983192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983192" title="County Governors of Estonia">
County Governors of Estonia

The Governor () is the leader of a county ("maakond") in Estonia. Here is the list of governors of Estonian counties.

</doc>
<doc id="30983205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983205" title="Vice President of Kabardino-Balkaria">
Vice President of Kabardino-Balkaria

Vice President of Kabardino Balkaria
The Vice President was deputy head of the republic.
Gennady Gubin was an ethnical Russian.

</doc>
<doc id="30983208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983208" title="Gare de Mormant">
Gare de Mormant

Mormant is a railway station in Mormant, Île-de-France, France.
The station.
The station is located on the Paris Est - Mulhouse railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF.
The station is served by Transilien line P (East Paris).
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Mormant:

</doc>
<doc id="30983227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983227" title="Yuki Chikudate">
Yuki Chikudate

Yuki Chikudate is the main vocalist and keyboardist of the dream pop band Asobi Seksu. 
Musical career.
She founded the dream pop band, Asobi Seksu with guitarist James Hanna, bassist Glenn Waldman, and drummer Keith Hopkin in 2001. The band released their debut album in 2004. The following album, Citrus was released in 2006, after a line-up change. The band released Hush and Fluorescence in 2009 and 2011, respectively, after a second line-up change.
Personal life.
Chikudate was born in Japan to an Okinawan mother, and has stated that apart from her mother, most of her maternal relatives reside in Okinawa. In her early childhood, she moved to Southern California with her parents and spent her childhood there. At age 16 she moved to New York by herself, leaving behind her family.

</doc>
<doc id="30983230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983230" title="Gare de Nangis">
Gare de Nangis

Nangis is a railway station in Nangis, Île-de-France, France.
The station.
The station is located on the Paris Est - Mulhouse railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF.
The station is served by Transilien line P (East Paris).
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Nangis:

</doc>
<doc id="30983234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983234" title="Allah Verdi Mirza Farman Farmaian">
Allah Verdi Mirza Farman Farmaian

Allah Verdi Mirza Farman Farmaian born 1929 is the son of the deceased Qajar Persian nobleman Abdol Hossein Mirza Farmanfarma and his wife Hamdam Khanoum. He studied at Reed College undergraduate and obtained a Doctorate in Biology at Stanford University. A prominent academic in the United States he was a professor and head of the Biology department at Rutgers University in New Jersey.
He has two daughters: 

</doc>
<doc id="30983240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983240" title="ITV at the Movies">
ITV at the Movies

ITV at the Movies was a weekly British television film review show broadcast on ITV2, originally presented by Giles Vickers-Jones. The final series was presented by James King and was produced and directed by Richard Leyland. The show was replaced in 2011 by "The Movie Show on ITV2".
The show looked at the weeks movie releases, featured the latest movie news and reviews plus looked at the UK Box Office top 5 and previewed the latest DVD releases.
In March 2010 a ITV at the Movies special aired on ITV2, presented by James King, feacuring a look at the Oscar nominations.
In December 2009 a ITV at the Movies special aired on ITV2, presented by James King, feacuring an interview with Avatar director James Cameron.

</doc>
<doc id="30983252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983252" title="Walter George (cricketer)">
Walter George (cricketer)

Walter George (20 September 1847 - 2 November 1938) was a first class cricketer who played for Kent in 1875. 
George was born at Selling, Faversham, Kent. He was playing for MCC in 1872 but did not make his first class debut until he joined Kent in 1875 for a season. As a bowler, he took 6 for 32 against Hampshire and 7 for 86 against Derbyshire. His only batting score in five matches was against Sussex when he made 4 runs.
George was a left-arm round arm fast-medium bowler and took 22 first class wickets at an average of 14.31 and a best performance of 7 for 86. He was a right-handed batsman and played 8 innings in 5 first class matches with an average of 1.33 and a top score of 2 not out.
George's last match was for Lord Harris XI at Faversham in 1879.
George died at Bell Green, Sydenham, London at the age of 91.

</doc>
<doc id="30983256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983256" title="Marian Clită">
Marian Clită

Marian Clită (born September 1951) is a Romanian convicted of first degree murder.
Conviction for murder of dissident Gheorghe Ursu.
In the late 1990s, Gheorghe Ursu's cell mate Marian Clită had declared his full responsibility for the murder of the dissident, and had been sentenced to 20 years in prison (eventually commuted to eight years, of which he served two). 
In July 2003, former police colonels Tudor Stănică and Mihail Creangă were sentenced to 12 years' imprisonment each for having instigated the murder of Gheorghe Ursu. The two were found guilty of deliberately assigning Ursu to a cell where two recidivist and violent common criminals were serving time, and of having prevented their subordinates from intervening when the prisoner was being beaten.
Clită's move was seen by the author Stejărel Olaru as an attempt to cover up for the officials later sentenced. Stănică and Creangă went into hiding for several months, and turned themselves in only after the Supreme Court reduced their sentences by one year. Their temporary flight and the Supreme Court's decision caused some consternation abroad: in September 2003, Finnish MEP Astrid Thors asked foreign embassies in Bucharest to closely monitor the case.
Murder of Vera Vildmyren.
In February 2011 Clită was convicted of first degree murder of the Norwegian stewardess Vera Vildmyren in a hotel in Denmark. The case drew some international interest after a local police officer commented on the case: "Romanians have no scruples. They will kill you for 100 krones".

</doc>
<doc id="30983257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983257" title="Galeodea">
Galeodea

Galeodea is a genus of large sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cassidae. 
Species.
Species within the genus "Galeodea" include:

</doc>
<doc id="30983274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983274" title="Recep Yıldız">
Recep Yıldız

Recep Yıldız (born 10 March 1986) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a centre back for Körfez FK.

</doc>
<doc id="30983276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983276" title="Shawn Collymore">
Shawn Collymore

Shawn Collymore (born May 2, 1983) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player who is currently playing for the Ruijters Eaters Geleen in the Dutch Eredivisie. He was selected by the New York Rangers in the 5th round (139th overall) of the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="30983279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983279" title="Madagascar, a Journey Diary">
Madagascar, a Journey Diary

Plot.
"Famadihana" is an ancient Malagasy custom that means “the turning of the dead”. A symbol of the importance of the worship of ancestors, and a chance to move the remains of ancestors from their first tomb to their final resting place, it is an occasion for festivities, dance and the sacrifice of zebus. The movie is filmed like the travel journey of a Western traveler in search of these customs. The pages turn, the drawings come to life, and the luxuriant landscapes of Madagascar appear one after another. The celebrations may commence…
Awards.
In January 2011, "Madagascar, a Journey Diary" was nominated for an Oscar for Best Animated Short. It selected at Sundance and Dawn Breakers International Film Festival in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="30983284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983284" title="Michael Payne (executive)">
Michael Payne (executive)

Michael Payne is an English marketing executive and author, former head of the marketing division of the International Olympic Committee (IOC). He is the author of the 2005 book "Olympic Turnaround".
Biography.
A free-style skier in the 1970s, Michael Payne began marketing his fellow athletes, helping them find sponsors to permit them to compete. Payne was drafted into the IOC in the 1989, having previously worked at ISL Marketing , a Swiss based marketing company that in 1982 had been appointed by the IOC to develop a global marketing program. During his 17 years with the IOC, working initially in collaboration with ISL Marketing and subsequently with Meridian Management,( a marketing company owned partly by the IOC), he contributed to the development a multi-billion dollar marketing program for the organization, worldwide. According to media outlets, Payne is "credited with turning the Games into a financial success" through the television and marketing deals he negotiated for the Olympics during his tenure.
After the 2004 Summer Olympics, he took a position with Bernie Ecclestone, who holds the commercial rights for the Formula One brand. He remained an advisor for the IOC.
In 2005, Payne released his first book, "Olympic Turnaround".
From the June of 2012, Michael Payne start to work in Formula One Management (FOM). The Bernie Ecclestone is invite him as a start-uo manager for IPO of Formula One.

</doc>
<doc id="30983310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983310" title="Fredrick Ogechi Okwara">
Fredrick Ogechi Okwara

Fredrick Ogechi Okwara (born 19 March 1989) is a Nigerian professional footballer who last played as a midfielder for Adanaspor in the TFF First League.

</doc>
<doc id="30983313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983313" title="Mikhail Semevsky">
Mikhail Semevsky

Mikhail Ivanovich Semevsky (Russian: Михаил Иванович Семевский; 1837–92) was a Russian amateur historian who focused on the era of palace revolutions and the history of 18th-century Russia. 
Of noble birth, Semevsky received a military education in St. Petersburg and did not retire from civil service until 1882. He assembled the memoirs of no less than 850 individuals, many written on his own request. Semevsky published them through Herzen's Russian Free Press in London before establishing the "Russkaya Starina" monthly in 1870. 
His younger brother, Vasily Semevsky (1849-1916), was a historian of Narodnik bend. The "Russkaya Starina" was published under Vasily's auspices until 1877, although the printing press was effectively run by Mikhail until his death in 1892.

</doc>
<doc id="30983326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983326" title="Troposphere (rocket family)">
Troposphere (rocket family)

Troposphere is a Congolese rocket family first established in 2007 at private enterprise Développement Tous Azimuts (DTA). Project is managed by Jean-Patrice Keka Ohemba Okese, head of DTA, a graduate of the Institut Supérieur des Techniques Appliquées (ISTA). The program aimed at launching experimental rockets that would not exceed an altitude of 36 km. The launch site is located in an area owned by DTA at Menkao, 120 km East of Kinshasa.
The program was financed by DTA at the beginning, but after success of the Troposphere 2 and 4 rockets project gained government support.
Rockets.
Troposphere 1 and 3.
Troposphere 1, which was planned for launch in April 2007, was canceled due to technical problems. Troposphere 3 scheduled for October 12, 2007 was also a failure.
Troposphere 2.
The first successful rocket, Troposphere 2 (30.94 kg and 0.19 m in diameter), launched in 2007 and reached an altitude of 1500 m.
Troposphere 4.
Troposphere 4 is the second successfully launched experimental rocket of the Troposphere program, managed by Jean-Patrice Keka Ohemba Okese, Developpement Tous Azimuts (DTA).
The rocket with a thrust of 1 ton was launched on July 10, 2008, 5:40 pm at Menkao, located 120 km East of downtown Kinshasa. The rocket reached an altitude of 15 km after 47 seconds, with a speed of Mach 2.7.
The launch of the Troposphere 4 rocket took place in the presence of the Congolese Minister of Higher Education, University and Scientific Research, Leonard Masuga Rugamika. After the success of this launch, the Congolese government decided to get involved with the Troposphere project.
Troposphere 5.
Troposphere 5 is a two stage solid-propellant rocket with a thrust of 7 tons, launched on March 29, 2009. It is the third rocket in the program. It was an initiative of the private enterprise Developpement Tous Azimuts (DTA) with headquarters in Lubumbashi (Katanga Province), created in 2007.
Troposphere 5 carrying a rat named Kavira on board, was designed to reach an altitude of 36 km and a speed of Mach 3. The rocket was launched 150 km away from Kinshasa, DRC. Launch ended in failure - the rocket took off but had deviated from its course and was lost in the distance. The cost of this rocket has been estimated at about $50 000. Despite Troposphere 5 being equipped with an escape chute, Kavira was never found and was officially reported to have died in the name of science. 
According to Keka (nickname: the African Einstein) the experiment provided valuable data for future tests by the DTA.
Troposphere 6.
DTA is currently working on the next rocket, Troposphere 6.

</doc>
<doc id="30983327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983327" title="Presidium of the Bundestag">
Presidium of the Bundestag

The Presidium of the Bundestag is responsible for the routine administration of the Bundestag, including its clerical and research activities. The presidium consists of the President of the Bundestag and a variable number of Vice Presidents, currently six.
The president is elected by all members of the Bundestag during its first meeting; he almost always comes from the largest fraction in the Bundestag (tradition has made this a sort of an unwritten law). His administration ends with the end of the legislature, but he can be re-elected, as long as he is re-elected to the Bundestag.
In 1994 it was decided that every faction in the Bundestag should be represented by a Vice President.

</doc>
<doc id="30983328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983328" title="Kentaro Shigematsu">
Kentaro Shigematsu

Club team career statistics.
Last update: 15 January 2012

</doc>
<doc id="30983332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983332" title="Ergalataxinae">
Ergalataxinae

Ergalataxinae is a taxonomic subfamily of small to medium-sized predatory sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks within the family Muricidae, the rock snails.
In this subfamily, the aragonitic shell has 0–2 
varices.
Genera.
The subfamily Ergalataxinae contains the following genera:
The classification into this subfamily is doubtful for the genera "Daphnellopsis" Schepman, 1913; "Lindapterys" Petuch, 1987 "Maculotriton" Dall, 1904; "Phrygiomurex" Dall, 1904 and "Uttleya" Marwick, 1934

</doc>
<doc id="30983341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983341" title="Sataspes cerberus">
Sataspes cerberus

Sataspes cerberus is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Philippines.
The posterior sternites of the abdomen underside of the males are primrose-yellow and the basal costal tuft of the forewing and hindwing underside is yellow. The thorax and abdomen uppersides of the females have no yellow scaling and the discs on the forewing and hindwing underside are blue.

</doc>
<doc id="30983357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983357" title="Sataspes javanica">
Sataspes javanica

Sataspes javanica is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Malaysia, Java and Borneo.

</doc>
<doc id="30983370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983370" title="Gare de Longueville">
Gare de Longueville

Longueville is a railway station in Longueville, Île-de-France, France.
The station.
The station opened in December 1858 and is located on the Paris Est - Mulhouse and Longueville - Esternay railway lines. The station is served by Intercités (long distance) and TER (local) services operated by SNCF.
The station is served by Transilien line P (East Paris).
Close to the station is the former locomotive depot and roundhouse. The roundhouse is now a historical monument, built in 1911 it was last used by the SNCF in 1967. Since 1971 it has housed the museum for the preservation group AJECTA, which features steam and diesel trains.
The train to Provins turns changes direction here.
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Longueville:

</doc>
<doc id="30983372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983372" title="Yuliana Lizarazo">
Yuliana Lizarazo

Yuliana Lizarazo (born May 23, 1993) is a professional Colombian tennis player and member of the Colombia Fed Cup team. On September 17, 2012, she reached her highest WTA singles ranking of 389 whilst her best doubles ranking was 411 on October 10, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="30983382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983382" title="Sataspes ribbei">
Sataspes ribbei

Sataspes ribbei is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It was discovered in Sulawesi, Indonesia.
There is a transverse yellow band on the abdomen upperside of the males and the posterior sternites of the abdomen underside are primrose-yellow. The thorax upperside of the females has no yellow scaling.

</doc>
<doc id="30983385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983385" title="Joseph Zerafa">
Joseph Zerafa

Joseph Zerafa (born 31 May 1988) is a Maltese international footballer who plays club football for Birkirkara, as a defender.

</doc>
<doc id="30983391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983391" title="Sataspes scotti">
Sataspes scotti

Sataspes scotti is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from north-western India.

</doc>
<doc id="30983393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983393" title="Christopher Hill v Ashington Piggeries">
Christopher Hill v Ashington Piggeries

Ashington Piggeries Ltd v Christopher Hill Ltd. (1972; AC 441) is a UK commercial law case concerning legal liability for the damages resulting from the loss of a large number of mink given toxic feed. The heart of the case revolved around the definition of ingredients in the contract (in accordance with section 13 of the Sale of Goods Act of 1893) and the expectations of quality of those ingredients (under 14(1) and 14(2)).
In 1960, Ashington Piggeries Ltd. supplied the recipe which Christopher Hill Ltd. fulfilled, using in part ingredients it acquired from a Norwegian company, Sildemelutvalget (who had been replaced by Norsildmel by the time of trial). Many of the animals who consumed the food died from liver disease resulting from improper processing of the herring meal in the feed. Ashington Piggeries was sued by Christopher Hill for refusing to pay for the feed and countersued that Christopher Hill failed to fulfill its contractual obligations by providing poor quality ingredients that did not meet the contract's requirements. Christopher Hill in turn sued Norsildmel for failing to fulfill its contractual obligations for the same reason.
The House of Lords heard the case in February 1971, holding that while quality issues or contamination did not made an ingredient different in definition, there was a reasonable expectation of quality where ingredient suppliers knew the purpose of the ingredient and had reason to know the risks.
Facts.
Ashington Piggeries devised a recipe for mink feed, contracting in 1960 with Christopher Hill to supply ingredients and compound them. The food was marketed under the name "King Size". At first, there were no problems, but in February 1961 Christopher Hill entered into a contract with Norwegian company Sildemelutvalget to supply Norwegian herring meal rather than the herring meal previously used. In July 1961, mink fed "King Size" began to die in large numbers of liver disease. Unbeknownst to the parties, the sodium nitrite preservative used in the Norwegian herring meal produced a substance, dimethylnitrosamine (DMNA), toxic to many animals, highly so to mink. None of the parties were aware that DMNA (the potential dangers of which were known, although lethal dosages were not) was present in the meal.
When Ashington Piggeries withheld payment for the feed, Christopher Hill sued, and Ashtington Piggeries counterclaimed for damages which they claimed were caused by violation of contract. According to them, Christopher Hill had supplied an ingredient not sanctioned by contract: herring meal plus DMNA. The defendants in turn sued Norsildmel (into which Sildemelutvalget had evolved) under the claim that the words "fair average quality of the season" included in the contract for the herring meal were part of the identification of the ingredient, which the herring meal in question did not meet.
The claims was based on the Sale of Goods Act of 1893, specifically with references to sections 13, 14(1) and 14(2). Section 13 requires that goods sold match the description of any contract of sale. Section 14(1) and 14(2) concern the quality of the goods and the degree to which the buyer purchases the expertise of the seller in determining that quality.
In 1968, the trial court found for Ashington Piggeries against Christopher Hill and for Christopher Hill against Norsildmel. The Court of Appeal in 1969 reversed the decision, and the matter was subsequently brought before the House of Lords in 1971.
Judgment.
The House of Lords dismissed the section 13 concerns because the DMNA was a defect in the herring meal, and not a different ingredient. The problem, they found, was in the quality or condition of the ingredient, and not in its correct identification. The House of Lords also considered section 14(1), by which a buyer relying on the judgment or skill of a seller to provide goods for a particular purpose enters into an implicit contract that the goods are suitable for the purpose. In this case, the House affirmed that Ashington Piggeries was relying on its own expertise in determining what ingredients were appropriate, but relying on Christopher Hill to obtain suitable quality ingredients to complete the recipe. Since the potential toxicity of DMNA to all animals was known and since partial reliance on a seller’s skill and judgment qualified under 14(1), the defendant—who knew the purpose of the meal in animal feed—was responsible to provide quality ingredients that were not toxic to animals.
In regards to the defendants' suit against Norsildmel, the Court of Appeal had found that the words "fair average quality of the season" were not part of the identification of the ingredient but instead a warranty as to quality. They found, too, that Norsildmel had not been retained with reliance on their judgment or skill in assessing meal for feed purposes. While Christopher Hill, Inc., would have been within its rights to reject the faulty goods, they were not able to recover compensation because the accepted goods provided to be defective. The House of Lords affirmed the former, but agreed with the trial court that Norsildmel had knowledge of the purpose of the meal and should have had knowledge of the potential toxicity of it for that purpose. While neither Christopher Hill or Norsildmel were primarily in the business of feeding mink, the potential toxicity of the substance to animals in general was already known. Whether the agencies had dealt in Norwegian herring meal for the purpose of feeding mink in the past was immaterial.

</doc>
<doc id="30983398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983398" title="Rate pressure product">
Rate pressure product

Pressure rate product, also known as Cardiovascular Product or Double Product, is used in cardiology and exercise physiology to determine the myocardial workload.
Rate Pressure Product (RPP) = Heart Rate (HR) * Systolic Blood Pressure (SBP) 
with the units for the Heart Rate being "beats per minute" and for the Blood Pressure "mmHg".
Rate pressure product is a measure of the stress put on the cardiac muscle based on the number of times it needs to beat per minute (HR) and the arterial blood pressure that it is pumping against (SBP). It will be a direct indication of the energy demand of the heart and thus a good measure of the energy consumption of the heart.
Rate pressure product allows you to calculate the internal workload or hemodynamic response.

</doc>
<doc id="30983399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983399" title="Gare de Sainte-Colombe-Septveilles">
Gare de Sainte-Colombe-Septveilles

Sainte-Colombe-Septveilles is a railway station in Sainte-Colombe, Île-de-France, France.
The station.
The station is located on the Longueville - Esternay railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF.
The station is served by Transilien line P (East Paris).
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Sainte-Colombe-Septveilles:

</doc>
<doc id="30983400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983400" title="Sataspes leyteana">
Sataspes leyteana

Sataspes leyteana is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="30983403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983403" title="Ahmet Görkem Görk">
Ahmet Görkem Görk

Ahmet Görkem Görk (born 30 June 1983) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a centre back for Çaykur Rizespor in the Turkish Süper Lig.

</doc>
<doc id="30983409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983409" title="Sataspes negrosiana">
Sataspes negrosiana

Sataspes negrosiana is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="30983421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983421" title="City Clerk of Chicago">
City Clerk of Chicago

The City Clerk of Chicago is in charge of record keeping for the city and elections. While the Chicago City Council is in session, the City Clerk serves as secretary. This position is a popularly elected office. 
The City Clerk's office is responsible for maintaining official city government records, distributing approximately 1.3 million vehicle stickers and residential parking permits, and issuing city business licenses. 
The current city clerk is Susana Mendoza and she was elected as City Clerk in February, 2011 and sworn in May 16, 2011.
Significant City Council transparency efforts have included posting nearly 700,000 pages of searchable City Council records to the City Clerk website, www.ChiCityClerk.com. This includes every ordinance passed since 1981, the Byrne Administration, as well as city budgets and Mayoral Executive orders going back nearly 30 years. In addition, for the first time ever, City Council meetings can be watched live or on demand via a City Council video archive on the City Clerk website, www.ChiCityClerk.com.

</doc>
<doc id="30983424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983424" title="Gare de Champbenoist-Poigny">
Gare de Champbenoist-Poigny

Champbenoist-Poigny is a railway station in Provins, Île-de-France, France.
Station.
The station is located on the Longueville - Esternay railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF. The station is served by Transilien line P (East Paris).
Services.
The following services currently call at Champbenoist-Poigny:

</doc>
<doc id="30983440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983440" title="Russkaya Starina">
Russkaya Starina

Russkaya Starina (Russian: Русская старина; "Old Times in Russia") was a Russian history journal published monthly in St. Petersburg by amateur historian Mikhail Semevsky and his successors between 1870 and 1918. Its authors included Ivan Zabelin, Dmitry Ilovaysky, Nikolai Karlovich Shilder, and Nikolay Kostomarov. A collected edition was reprinted in 2008.
Semevsky was highly enthusiastic about the history of 18th-century Russia. His journal covered the imperial period of Russian history, including the era of palace revolutions. It was "Russkaya Starina" that first brought to light the unpublished pages of "Eugene Onegin" and "Dead Souls", Bolotov's memoirs, Kuchelbecker's diary, and many other materials long forgotten or repressed by censorship. Semevsky personally persuaded numerous old nobles and bureaucrats to put their reminiscences into writing.
In the late 1870s another amateur historian, Sergei Shubinsky, set up a rival publication, "The Historical Herald".

</doc>
<doc id="30983444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983444" title="Abkhazian local elections, 2011">
Abkhazian local elections, 2011

On 12 February 2011, Abkhazia held local elections for the 5th convocations of its local assemblies.
Background and Abkhazia-wide figures.
Candidates could be nominated between 23 January and 2 February by interest groups or by officially registered political parties. However, the governing United Abkhazia was the only party to make use this possibility on a large scale, and none of the opposition parties did so. In total, a number of 353 candidates competed in 186 single-seat constituencies. All heads of administration except for Gudauta District Head Daur Vozba were re-elected to their assembly, and re-appointed by President Sergei Bagapsh on 23 February.
City of Sukhumi.
Turn-out.
The voter lists numbered a total of 30,712 people, of which 26,957 were on the principal voter list and 3755 on additional lists. Of these latter ones, 452 belonged to military units and 73 to hospital units. In total, 11,775 people voted, i.e. 38.3%.
Candidates.
In Sukhumi, the election was contested by 85 candidates in 26 single-seat constituencies. Shortly before election day, 3 people had withdrawn their candidacy. Among the candidates were the incumbent Mayor of Sukhumi Alias Labakhua, as well as 14 sitting members of the city council. Of these, 5 were re-elected (including Labakhua). None of the 12 female candidates was elected. United Abkhazia had nominated candidates in all 26 constituencies, 16 of which won. The Communist Party and the Sukhumi Military School had nominated 2 and 1 candidates, respectively, all of which lost. The remaining candidates had been nominated by 64 initiative groups, 10 of these independent candidates managed to win a seat (including Daut Nanba after the re-run in constituency #1).
Rerun in constituency #1.
On 16 February, the Sukhumi election commission ordered a rerun in constituency #1, because there had been a soldier who had voted at 2 constituencies, and another voter from another constituency. Preliminary results had indicated a victory for independent candidate Daut Nanba. Repeated elections were scheduled for 16 April. Candidates had to be nominated between 7 and 27 March and registered between 28 March and 7 April. Only Daut Nanba, Guram Berulava and Aslan Sangulia participated the second time around, Nanba again won.
Overview of the candidates and elected deputies.
The following table presents an overview of all the candidates in the 26 constituencies:
On 21 February, the new city assembly held its first session, in which it had to elect a successor for its outgoing Chairman Adgur Amichba, who had not run again in the assembly election. However, the two candidates Amiran Kakalia and Konstantin Pilia tied with 12 votes, with 1 invalid vote. The session was then adjourned until 23 February. In the second vote Amiran Kakalia beat Konstantin Pilia by 15-to-9 (with 1 invalid vote). Beslan Shinkuba was subsequently elected Deputy Chairman and former Mayor Astamur Adleiba Secretary.
Gali District.
In the Gali District, 26 candidates competed in 26 constituencies, all of whom were nominated by United Abkhazia. Only Abkhazian citizens --- a minority in the Gali District --- were allowed to vote. According to District Head Beslan Arshba, turn-out was around 80% in the villages, and up to 70% in Gali town.
Gulripsh District.
In the Gulripsh District, 22 candidates competed in 16 constituencies. The Upper Kodori Valley participated for the first time in local Abkhazian elections --- the area had been under Georgian control until it was conquered during the August 2008 War. Since most of the remaining Svan population does not possess Abkhazian citizenship, there were only 51 eligible voters, 39 of whom actually voted at the polling station in the secondary school of Azhara. The new Assembly met for the first time on 15 February, when it elected Aslan Baratelia its Chairman, Andronik Kondakchyan its Deputy Chairman and David Gabnya its Secretary.
Gagra District.
In the Gagra District, 61 candidates competed for 25 single-seat constituencies. 22 of the candidates were nominated by United Abkhazia.
Pitsunda.
In Pitsunda, Mayor Beslan Ardzinba and six other incumbent deputies of the Assembly stood for re-election. The winning candidates were Beslan Ardzinba, Badra Avidzba, Olga Grigorenko, Chengiz Bigvava, Georgi Zardania, Gennadi Cherkezia, Gennadi Mikanba, Damia Kokoskeria and Inessa Dzkuia. On 14 February, during the first session of the new convocation, Damir Kokoskeria was elected Chairman of the Assembly over Gennadi Cherkezia, by a one vote difference.
Gudauta District.
In the Gudauta District 59 candidates competed in 29 constituencies. Out of 20760 eligible voters, 9542 turned out to vote (45.96%). 17 incumbent deputies were re-elected. Of these, 13 were elected for the second time, 2 for the third time and 2 for the fourth time. District Head Daur Vozba failed to be re-elected by 92 votes. President Sergei Bagapsh appointed Valerii Malia as his successor on 23 February. On 17 February, during its first session, the Gudauta District assembly elected Roman Bazba its chairman, with 22 out of 29 votes, and Fyodor Sakania its Deputy Chairman.
Sukhumi, Ochamchira and Tquarchal Districts.
In the Sukhumi District 18 in 15 constituencies, in the Ochamchira District 55 in 32 constituencies and in the Tquarchal District 27 in 17 constituencies.
Criticism.
The Abkhazian opposition claimed that a number of violations had taken place during the election. According to Raul Khajimba, a number of people had voted multiple times at different polling stations. The elections were also criticised by representatives of several NGOs. Some of the issues singled out included the low turn-out, the lack of a contest in the Gali District and the fact that in one of the polling stations in Sukhumi, a group of soldiers had come in and closed the election. They also expressed the fear that the new councils would not reflect a great diversity of opinions, a situation not conducive to genuine political debate.
The Georgian government condemned the elections on 14 February 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="30983446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983446" title="Lake Varaždin">
Lake Varaždin

Lake Varaždin () is a reservoir on the Drava in northern Croatia. It is administratively divided between Međimurje County and Varaždin County, bordered by the municipalities of Varaždin, Trnovec Bartolovečki and Čakovec. The Drava flows into the reservoir near the city of Varaždin, while the dam is located near the village of Šemovec.
Lake Varaždin is one of three reservoirs built on the Drava in Croatia, the other two being the smaller Lake Ormož (which is located on the border with Slovenia) and the bigger Lake Dubrava. The three reservoirs and the power plants they serve form the Hydro North group of hydro power plants run by the HEP Group. It serves the Čakovec Hydro Power Plant, since the Varaždin Hydro Power Plant is served by Lake Ormož. The power plant was built in 1982.
Tourism.
Lake Varaždin is also a popular angling, leisure and water sports destination for many people from the region, especially during the summer. There are many log cabins built on the shores of the lake near Varaždin and Gornji Kuršanec.

</doc>
<doc id="30983449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983449" title="Gheorghe Benţia">
Gheorghe Benţia

Gheorghe Benţia (1897- year of death unknown) was a Romanian rugby union player. He played as a wing.
He had 4 caps for Romania, from 1919 to 1924, without ever scoring. His first game was a 21-0 loss to the United States, for the Inter-Allied Games, in Paris. He played both games at the 1924 Olympic Tournament, where Romania reached the 3rd place, winning his first ever bronze medal. He was never capped again for his National Team.

</doc>
<doc id="30983459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983459" title="Tyrida">
Tyrida

Tyrida was an ancient fortress at lake Bistonis in Thrace and believed to belong to a Geto-Dacian enclave.
Ancient sources.
Martianus Capella talks about "Tyrida" in his "De nuptiis", noting that it was located near "regio Maronea".
The fortress is also mentioned in Pliny's "Natural History" in the form "Tirida".

</doc>
<doc id="30983483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983483" title="Al-Rawda">
Al-Rawda

Al-Rawda () is a tell, or archaeological settlement mound, in the Syrian steppe, east of Hama. It was a large urban site with city walls and several temples, occupied between 2400–2000 BC. A French–Syrian mission has been excavating the site since 2002.
History of research.
Al-Rawda was discovered in 1996 during an archaeological survey of the region east of Hama. Following this survey, a more intensive survey project was initiated focusing on a microregion of centred on Al-Rawda. Excavations at the site itself started in 2002 and are carried out by a French–Syrian mission. The excavations have focused on the circular walls, the northern gate of the town, the temple and the nearby necropolis. In addition to the excavations, a magnetometric prospection, a method that allows the detection of walls in the ground without excavating them, was carried out in the area within the city walls in 2003. The Al-Rawda project is sponsored by the French National Centre for Scientific Research (CNRS) and the Syrian Directorate-General of Antiquities and Museums and co-directed by Corinne Castel and Nazir Awad.
The site and its environment.
Al-Rawda is located east of Hama. Both now and in the past, the area received less than of rainfall per year, which means that reliable agriculture without irrigation is impossible. The survey of the microregion around Al-Rawda revealed that the site is located in a "fayda", a depression that collects runoff water from a wide region, and next to a wadi. Al-Rawda was surrounded by hydrological installations intended to harness runoff water for irrigation. The site itself is an almost circular tell with a maximum height of . The area inside the circular city walls measures , totalling to if the city walls are included, with an additional outer town of . The southwestern part of the site is occupied by modern houses.
Occupation history.
The site was occupied for a relatively short period during the late third and early second millennium BC, roughly coinciding with the Early Bronze IV period. It was founded around 2400 BC and finally abandoned in circa 2000 BC. The magnetometric survey revealed a circular street pattern with streets radiating away from the centre of the site. Both the temple and the circular street pattern find parallels in Tell Chuera, located in a similar environment to the northeast of Al-Rawda. At least three temples were identified, of which one has been excavated. The largest temple excavated had an entrance with a columned front porch, a square "cella" and faces a long sacred enclosure to the outside. Offerings that were found in this temple include alabaster from Egypt, lapis lazuli from Afghanistan and agate from India. The city was defended by a double rampart built of mudbricks on a stone foundation and two ditches. The town was accessible through five gates.
The urban site indicates that it was a part of several trade networks of different scales. Al-Rawda probably served as a stopping place for caravans that crossed the plateau between the Euphrates valley and the region of Qatna. The site also served as a religious center for the region, and it played a major part in the development of extensive pastoralism and wool production at the end of the third millennium BC.
The necropolis.
The necropolis is situated close to the site but outside the agricultural zone. Among the 97 tombs found, 54 were shaft tombs –intended for multiple burials and cut into the limestone crust of the plateau, 25 were simple cist tombs and 17 were circle tombs.

</doc>
<doc id="30983489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983489" title="Gdeim Izik protest camp">
Gdeim Izik protest camp

The Gdeim Izik protest camp was a protest camp in Western Sahara established on 9 October 2010 and lasting into November, with related incidents occurring in the aftermath of its dismantlement on 8 November. It has been suggested by Noam Chomsky, that the month-long protest encampment at Gdeim Izik constituted the start of the Arab Spring, traditionally considered to be the self-immolation of Mohamed Bouazizi in Tunisia on 17 December 2010.
While protests were initially peaceful, they were later marked by clashes between civilians and security forces.
Events.
The protest started on the night of October 9, 2010, when a group of Sahrawis erected the protest camp 12 km. south-east of El Aaiun, the administrative capital of the Moroccan-administered Southern Provinces in the disputed territory. The number of protesters increased rapidly in the first weeks from a few hundred "khaimas" (traditional tents) to several thousand coming from other towns of Western Sahara and southern Morocco.
By the first week of November, the Gdeim Izik protest camp's population was estimated at around 5,000. The primary objective of the camp was to protest against ""ongoing discrimination, poverty and human rights abuses against local citizens"", but later some protesters also demanded independence for Western Sahara.
On October 24, a vehicle trying to enter the camp was fired upon by Moroccan Army forces. As a result, 14-year-old Nayem Elgarhi died and other passengers were injured. According to the Moroccan Interior ministry, a bullet was fired from the vehicle forcing the security forces to answer, with a final toll of one dead and three injured. However, according to the Polisario movement, there were no weapons in the vehicle. According to SADR's Occupied Territories and Communities Abroad Ministry, while the youths were bringing food, water and medicines to the protest camp, they were chased by the security forces since they fled El Aaiun. Elgarhi's family denounced the boy's secret burial, demanding a trial for the officers who shot him.
Dismantlement.
On the early morning of November 8, the protest camp was dismantled by Moroccan police forces, with 3,000 arrests. According to the Moroccan Interior Ministry, no firearms were used and the civilians on the camp were deployed "as human shields". Confronting them was a group of young protesters that used stones, knives and gas cylinders.
Further riots.
The riots later expanded to El Aaiun and other towns like Smara and El Marsa. In El Aaiun, protesters took to the streets in the morning, as there were no communications with the protest camp and they had no information about their relatives and friends in the camp. The protesters, some waving SADR's flag, were joined by the residents of the camp who were reaching the city in attacking government buildings, banks, cars and shops, and clashing with the police forces. In the afternoon, with the return of the forces deployed in Gdeim Izik, pro-Moroccan protesters demonstrated in the city.
Aftermath.
According to Moroccan authorities, the dismantlement of the Gdeim Izik camp and the posterior protests resulted in 11 deaths and 159 wounded among the security forces and 2 civilian deaths among protesters (one of them, Babi Hamadi Buyema, who was carrying Spanish citizenship, was reported dead after being repeatedly run-over by a police car).
According to the Polisario Front, 36 Sahrawis were killed, 723 wounded, and 163 were arrested.
Governmental changes.
On November 26, Mohammed VI made several changes of "walis" (civil governors), including Mohamed Jelmouss. The former "wali" of El Aaiun was appointed governor of the Doukkala-Abda region, but was dismissed from that post soon after. He was replaced by Khalid Dkhil, member of the CORCAS and son of a mayor of Dakhla during Spanish colonization era, marking the first time that a Sahrawi was appointed governor of the El Aaiun-Bojador region.
Smara youth clashes.
On November 29, clashes between Moroccan and Sahrawi students at the Moulay Rachid high school resulted in at least 29 injured, according to SADR's Ministry of Occupied Territories and Communities Abroad, while sources in the town affirm that 36 had been treated at the Smara regional hospital. Thanks to the youth-led initiative "Celebrate Our diversity", The violance stopped in educational institutions in the city and across the region.
Trials.
A group of mainly young Sahrawis were arrested after the protests and were accused of the murder of the 11 Moroccan auxiliary Forces killed before the dismantlement of the camp. They were tried in a military court and 25 of them received heavy jail sentences. Some reported being tortured by the Moroccan DST. 

</doc>
<doc id="30983492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983492" title="My Best Friend's Girl (novel)">
My Best Friend's Girl (novel)

"My Best Friend's Girl" is a 2006 novel by Dorothy Koomson. The book is based around a woman called Kamryn Matika, who finds out her best friend, Adele, is dying of cancer. Adele wants Kamryn to adopt her five-year-old daughter, Tegan after she dies. The book deals with themes of death and grief, innocence and forgiveness.
Plot.
Kamryn Matika is a thirty-two-year-old national narketing manager for a department store, who lives in Leeds. On her birthday, she receives a card—not a birthday card—from her former best friend, Adele Brannon, which says that she is in hospital and she is dying. Kamryn is reluctant to see her. Two years previously, she discovered that her partner and her best friend conceived a child together three years earlier. Kamryn had vowed never to speak to them again. However, she visits London anyway but when at the hospital she discovers that Adele has terminal cancer and is going to die soon. She is shocked when Adele says that she wants Kamryn to adopt her daughter Tegan.
Kamryn thinks about it and reflects when she met Adele in university for a couple of hours before she goes to collect Tegan from Adele's father and step-mother, who have abused and neglected both Adele and Tegan. They let Tegan go as a) they would be glad to see the back of her b) Kamryn had threatened to phone the police. Tegan is somewhat quiet and is rather scared, but Kamryn reassures her everything will be ok. In the hotel room, Kamryn is shocked to see how much abuse Tegan had suffered at the hands of her grandparents. Kamryn decides to stick to a plan: bath, food, bed. This actually works in a bizarre way. A few days later, Kamryn receives a knock on her door to say that Adele had died during the night. This shocks Kamryn and she tries to tell Tegan but she refuses to believe it.
A few weeks later, Kamryn and Tegan move back up to Leeds. At first, there were issues such as they don't know what shampoo to get for Tegan. Kamryn is under suspicion as she is a black woman with a white child.
Kamryn once forgets Tegan and leaves her at a play group while she is having dinner with her new boss, Luke. The next day, Luke comes round and Tegan asks him to come to the zoo with her and Kamryn. Kamryn and Luke become closer and then they become lovers.
Just as they are settling in, Kamryn's former partner (and Tegan's father), Nate, comes back on the scene. Kamryn tells Nate about his daughter, to which he is now becoming used to even helping with her sixth birthday party, which goes badly wrong when Tegan has an allergic reaction. In the hospital, Kamryn and Nate share a kiss which is seen by Luke, resulting in a massive break-up between him and Kamryn.
About eighteen months later, Luke meets up with Kamryn and Tegan in a café and seems to have forgiven Kamryn. Tegan is now Kamryn's adopted daughter and says that they are going to get a cat.
Characters.
Kamryn Matika - Kamryn is thirty-two and lives in Leeds. She finds herself in a difficult situation with adopting Tegan. Kamryn is very self-conscious due to being bullied because she was larger as child, teenager and a young adult and it causes her to be rather hostile towards men. At the end of the novel she is legally Tegan's mother.
Adele Brannon (formally Lucinda-Jayne Adele Hamilton-Mackenzie)- Kamryn's best friend of fourteen years and Tegan's real mother. Adele formally dressed like a nerd and spoke in a posh accent as her family is upper-class. Her mother died due to complications after Adele's birth and suffered abuse from her father and his new wife for years. She had Tegan after she slept with Kamryn's fiancé, Nate. As a result, Kamryn did not speak to her for two years. Adele had terminal cancer so she died early in the novel.
Luke Wiseman - Kamryn's boss and later boyfriend. Luke was a product of a teenage pregnancy and was taken into care at a young age. He sees Tegan as his own daughter and is rather protective of her, especially when Nate (who is Tegan's biological father) arrives.
Nate Turner - Tegan’s father from a one-night stand with Adele and Kamryn’s former fiancé. He has a bit of a minor breakdown after discovering his relation to Tegan and he tries to get involved with her but he is really just trying to get Kamryn back with him.
Tegan Brannon - Adele’s five (later seven) year old daughter from her affair with Nate. Despite the reminder of her biological

</doc>
<doc id="30983493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983493" title="Ligeria angusticornis">
Ligeria angusticornis

Ligeria angusticornis is a Europeon species of fly in the family Tachinidae.

</doc>
<doc id="30983497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983497" title="Perstechnique">
Perstechnique

Perstechnique is the fourth studio album by the Finnish industrial metal band Turmion Kätilöt, released on 23 February 2011. Before the album, the single "IHMISIXSIXSIX" was released digitally.

</doc>
<doc id="30983499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983499" title="Monte Stella (Milan)">
Monte Stella (Milan)

Monte Stella ("Mount Stella"), also informally called Montagnetta di San Siro ("Little mountain of San Siro") is an artificial hill and surrounding city park in Milan, Italy. The park, established in the 1950s, has an overall area of 370,000 m². The eponymous hill was created using the debris from the buildings that were bombed during World War II, as well as from the last remnants of the Spanish walls of the city, demolished in the mid 20th century.
The park is located in the QT8 district. This was an experimental district that was completely designed after the World War. The hill itself was designed by architect Piero Bottoni, who led the team of architects who contributed to the QT8 project. Bottoni dedicated the hill to his wife, Stella.
The hill is 45 m high; according to the original design, it should have been twice as high, but it was later redesigned to avoid damaging buildings in the nearby street Via Isernia as a consequence of side pressure. Even at only 25 m height, the hill provides a panoramic view of the city and hinterland, and in a clear day, the Alps and Apennines can be distinguished from atop. 
A notable area of the park is called "Giardino dei Giusti" (Garden of the Just), which is a memorial to distinguished opponents of genocide and crimes against humanity; each tree in the garden is dedicated to one such person. Notable people who have been dedicated a tree in the Giardino dei Giusti include Moshe Bejski, Andrej Sakharov, Svetlana Broz, and Pietro Kuciukian.

</doc>
<doc id="30983504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983504" title="Westphalian chicken">
Westphalian chicken

The Westphalian chicken (German: Westfälischer Totleger) is an old hardy landrace of chicken, which is more than 400 years old. It is a rare breed. As of 2009, only 301 roosters and 1353 hens were officially registered.
Name.
Although the German word "Tot" means "death" and "Leger" means nonsitters (hens which lay eggs), the real meaning is another. Due to the considerable ability to produce eggs, the breed was called "Alltagsleger" (each day nonsitters, it means it lays an egg each day) or "Dauerleger". Under the influence of Low German the name changed into "Doutleijer". Later, from this Low German word, it developed into "Totleger". Derivation from "lays eggs till the death" is thus not correct.
Origin.
It is an old landrace from Westphalia. It is closely related to the East Frisian Gull and Braekel.
Description.
It is kept in 2 colours: Gold Pencilled and Silver Pencilled. The roosters weigh 2-2,5 kg and the hens from 1,5–2 kg. The hens are nonsitters, produce 200-243 eggs per year of 55-65 g weight.

</doc>
<doc id="30983510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983510" title="Zeugma, Dacia">
Zeugma, Dacia

Zeugma () was a Dacian town mentioned by Ptolemy.

</doc>
<doc id="30983517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983517" title="Ligeria latigena">
Ligeria latigena

Ligeria latigena is a North America species of fly in the family Tachinidae.

</doc>
<doc id="30983523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983523" title="Thallous acetate">
Thallous acetate

Thallous acetate is a salt of thallium and acetate. It is used in microbiology as a selective growth medium. It is poisonous and should be handled with care.

</doc>
<doc id="30983536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983536" title="Bob Hepple">
Bob Hepple

Sir Bob Hepple QC (11 August 1934) is a South African-born academic and leader in the fields of labour law, equality and human rights.
Early life and education.
He is the son of Alexander Hepple (1904-1983), who was Leader of the South African Labour Party, and Josephine Zwarenstein (1906-1992). He was educated at Jeppe High School for Boys (1947-1951), the University of the Witwatersrand (B.A.,1954, LLB cum laude and Society of Advocates Prize for Best Law Graduate, 1957), and the University of Cambridge (LLB, 1966, LLD 1993). 
Career.
He was a Lecturer in Law at the University of the Witwatersrand (1959-62), and practised as an Advocate at the Johannesburg Bar (1962-63). He was active as a student leader against racial segregation in the universities, worked as an adviser and assistant in the South African Congress of Trade Unions, and participated in the underground struggle against apartheid. He acted as legal adviser to Nelson Mandela in his trial for incitement in 1962, and was himself arrested at Liliesleaf Farm, Rivonia, with leaders of the African National Congress and Communist Party on 11 July 1963. After 90-day detention without trial, he managed to escape to England from the subsequent Rivonia Trial in November 1963. He went as a graduate student to Clare College Cambridge (1964-1966) and was appointed to a lectureship in law at Nottingham University (1966-1968), returning to Cambridge as a Fellow of Clare College and University Lecturer (1969-1976). He became Professor of Social and Labour Law in the University of Kent at Canterbury (1976) and a Chairman of Industrial Tribunals (full-time 1977-82, part-time 1974-77, 1982-1993). He was appointed Professor of English Law at University College London (1982-93) and was Dean and Head of the Department of Laws at UCL (1989-1993). In 1993 he was elected Master of Clare College Cambridge (until 2003), and was appointed Professor of Law in the University (1995-2001). He was elected as a Fellow of the British Academy in 2003. He has been awarded honorary doctorates in law by the University of the Witwatersrand, University of Cape Town, University College London and the Universita degli Studi di Bari, Italy, and was Hon. Professor of Law in the University of Cape Town(1999-2006). The honour of Knight Bachelor was bestowed on him for services to legal studies in 2004. In 2013 he was awarded the first Labour Law Research Network Award for Distinguished Contributions to Labour Law. [http://www.labourlawresearch.net/Awards.aspx]
He is a Barrister and Bencher of Gray's Inn and was appointed Queen's Counsel (hon) in 1996. He practised successively at 2 Crown Office Row, Old Square Chambers and Blackstone Chambers until 2007. He served on the Lord Chancellor's Advisory Committee on Legal Education and Conduct (1994-1999)and Legal Services Panel (2000-2002). He was a Judge and Senior Vice-President of the UN Administrative Tribunal (2007-2009). He was a member of the Nuffield Council on Bioethics 2000–2003, Chair from 2003-2007. He also chaired the Council’s Working Parties on "Genetics and human behaviour" (2000-2002) and "The forensic use of bioinformation" (2006-2007). He was a member of the Commission for Racial Equality (1986-1990), a Trustee of the Canon Collins Educational Trust for South Africa (1989-2007),Chair of the European Roma Rights Centre, based in Budapest (2001-2007), and is Chair of the Equal Rights Trust, an international human rights organisation based in London (since 2007). He was elected Hon President of the Industrial Law Society in 2012.
Personal life.
He married Shirley Goldsmith in 1960 (dissolved 1994), with whom he had two children and four grandchildren. He married Mary Coussey in 1994, and has two stepchildren.
Publications.
."Race, Jobs and the Law in Britain" (2nd ed 1970)
."The Making of Labour Law in Europe: and contributor (1986)
."Equality: a New Legal Framework? Independent Review of the Enforcement of UK Anti-Discrimination Legislation" [ with M. Coussey amd T.C.Choudhury](2000)
."The Transformation of Labour Law in Europe" and contributor (2009)
."Equality: the New Legal Framework" (2011)
."Alex Hepple:South African Socialist" (2011)
."Young Man with a Red Tie: a memoir of Mandela and the failed revolution 1960-1963"(2013)

</doc>
<doc id="30983537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983537" title="Encyclopedia of Jews in Music">
Encyclopedia of Jews in Music

The Encyclopedia of Jews in Music ("Lexikon der Juden in der Musik") a Nazi-sponsored encyclopedia first published in Germany in 1940, which listed individuals involved in the music industry who were defined under Nazi racial laws as 'Jewish' or 'half-Jewish'. It was edited by Herbert Gerigk and Theophil Stengel and published in Berlin in 1940 by Bernhard Hahnefeld, with official support from the Nazi Party's "Institute for Study of the Jewish Question". The book's subtitle declared that it was produced "on behalf of the national leadership of the Nazi Party for official reasons, partly officially certified documents".
The encyclopedia appeared in the context of Nazi policies which repressed Jewish individuals involved in music and forbade the performance of works by Jewish composers. A similar encyclopedia by Hans Brückner, entitled "Musical ABC of Jews", had previously been published in 1935.
The encyclopedia's coverage was very broad, covering musicians, musicologists, librettists, conductors, music publishers and other people linked to music who were considered "Jewish" or "Half-Jewish", as well as listing forbidden "Jewish" works. It was kept up to date via informers and the staff of the "Sonderstab Musik" of the Einsatzstab Reichsleiter Rosenberg. According to the Eva Weissweiler's book, the encyclopedia appeared in five editions - the first had 380 pages, the third (1941) 394 pages, (1943) and the final edition (12th to 14th thousand printed copies) had 404 pages of listings.
It was one of the proscribed books in the Soviet occupation zone.

</doc>
<doc id="30983552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983552" title="Helge Vindenes">
Helge Vindenes

Helge Vindenes (born 28 April 1931) is a Norwegian diplomat.
He took the cand.jur. degree in his education, and started working for the Norwegian Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1958. He was promoted to assistant secretary in 1971 and sub-director in 1973, before working special missions from 1978 to 1982. He was the Norwegian ambassador to Chile from 1982 to 1988, permanent under-secretary of state (the highest-ranking bureaucrat position) from 1989 to 1992, Norwegian ambassador to Spain from 1992 to 1996 and Ireland from 1996 to 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="30983553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983553" title="Wilma Dykeman RiverWay Plan">
Wilma Dykeman RiverWay Plan

The Wilma Dykeman RiverWay Plan is RiverLink's design to redevelop the urban riverfront corridor of the U.S. City of Asheville, as a demonstration project for the entire French Broad River watershed by connecting a Greenway System along the French Broad and Swannanoa Rivers. It was built and expanded on a former Plan created by RiverLink in 1989, called the Asheville Riverfront Plan, which won the American Planning Association Award and represents the consolidation of over 20 years of community efforts and visioning. Since its inception in 1987, RiverLink, a regional non-profit organization, has spearheaded The RiverWay by gaining public support and partnering with local, state, regional and federal agencies, the public at large, private foundations, Buncombe County, and the City of Asheville for the plan's implementation.
Aside from providing environmental benefits, and recreational and wellness opportunities, the Wilma Dykeman RiverWay Plan is expected to revitalize the riverfront by encouraging economic development and job creation. Proponents of the plan say that with a cost benefit analysis, the essence of The Wilma Dykeman RiverWay Plan speaks for itself in terms of return on investment, tax base enhancement, bond rating improvement, job creation, mixed-use trails and sustainable development. Furthermore, the connectivity of The RiverWay would encourage multi-modal transportation opportunities like bicycling, and enhance access to the city's riverfronts.
However, the full implementation of The RiverWay is a daunting and expensive task due its breadth of complexities, and requirement of resources. Nevertheless, RiverLink has continued to further the plan by attaining riverfront parcels through conservation easement donations and property sales. In addition, state and federal governments have played a role in funding the Dykeman Plan, primarily through grants from the Department of Transportation.
As of now, by championing thousands of supporters and working with local government, RiverLink has contributed several popular parks and greenway extensions to The Wilma Dykeman Riverway Plan. The most notable of these achievements include the old Asheville-Weaverville Speedway – the most-used park in the region now known as Carrier Park – and the French Broad River Park & Greenway System. Asheville's greenway system currently boasts of contiguous trail.
History: Development along the French Broad River.
Starting in the early-to-mid-19th century, the riverfront's even ground and untainted open-space made it a popular trade route. Soon farmers, homesteads, inns, and local small stores were drawn to take advantage of the economic opportunity. In the late 19th century the Western North Carolina Railroad expanded along the French Broad River and the banks land value accumulated. The rivers natural attributes drew crowds and Asheville grew to be a small and economically adorned city.
By the very early 20th century Asheville's extent of the French Broad Riverfront had matured as the destination point for travelers and was a pivotal recreational and leisure space for residents. The Asheville Electric Company created a small diversion off of the French Broad and named it Riverside Park. The park erected a carousel, a boat house and an outdoor movie screen that could only be viewed from a boat in the river. At the time, this type of entertainment was not only unique but it left an impression. Unfortunately, in 1915 a fire destroyed much of Riverside Park and just the following year came the flood.
In 1916 massive flooding not only destroyed whatever remained of Riverview Park but it swept away the watershed community. The many local industry and business owners – who for years had thrived along the French Broad River - abandoned their buildings and relocated to higher ground. Soon after the flood, Asheville's traffic system experienced rapid growth and new highways and roads cut off access points to the river. Over time, the French Broad was transformed into a dumping ground for unregulated pollution and the river was forgotten.
For over the next half a century the French Broad River was abandoned and neglected. It was not until the 1970s when the federal government began to give attention to the deteriorating state of our nation's river-systems and passed the Clean Water Act. Under this new policy environmental regulation standards were raised and public interests were heightened. Citizen groups began to look at the river and the Land-of-Sky Regional Council (LOS) assembled a group of conservation advocates, called the French Broad River Foundation (FBRF), to help create a series of access parks along the 117 miles of the French Broad River.
In the 1980s, as efforts to clean up the river intensified with citizen advocacy groups like the FBRF, policy makers came to finally see what critical importance the French Broad River was to the region. For one, local economists began to recognize the riverfront's massive recreational and economic development potential. Also however, through a series of management studies and evaluations by the LOS and local government agencies, it was determined that in order for the region to grow, the French Broad would have to be Buncombe County's primary water source.
By advocating to regional policy analysts, politicians, and local agencies, conservation groups and economists had now set the agenda to develop and redevelop the French Broad's riverfront. In 1987 the Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA) and the Land of Sky managed to attain funding through a civil works planning grant. It was at this time that RiverLink, then a loosely knit group of volunteers and conservation advocates known as the French Broad Riverfront Planning Commission, were asked to team up with the French Broad River Foundation and Asheville's Chamber of Commerce to create the Asheville Riverfront Plan.
The RiverFront Plan.
If the French Broad River was to be successfully revitalized, the final plan had to legitimately represent and incorporate the wants and needs of the entire community. Therefore, to gain a better understanding of the natural complexities that Asheville’s riverfront presented, RiverLink recruited members of the American Institute of Architects (AIA) & American Society of Landscape Architects (ASLA) to form a charette team. Peter Batchelor, the Chairman of the NC AIA, then divided the joint charette into three primary groups: The first team focused on how to effectively reestablish a connection between downtown Asheville and the riverfront. Another team concentrated on how far the river could extend within city limits. The third group analyzed the rivers prominent attributes in Asheville and Western North Carolina.
In 1989, after extensive planning and public discussion, the charette team completed The Asheville Riverfront Plan. The design included a detailed layout of the riverfront, complete with diagrams of the urban corridor, maps of future greenway space, and descriptions of the charrette’s findings and suggestions. More importantly however, the plan’s mixed use for revitalizing the French Broad River satisfied the needs of all the community – environmental, recreation and business constituents.
After the design was presented to the public it received nationwide recognition for its ingenuity and thoughtful craftsmanship. National Geographic featured the plan as a new greenway initiative for WNC in its June 1990 issue. Also, the Riverfront Plan received The American Planning Association’s Large Scale Planning Award, a highly sought and prestigious honor that is given to only the best designs in the nation.
Local governments soon adopted The Asheville Riverfront Plan to depict a unified vision for a revitalized riverfront. Buncombe County welcomed it as their new Master Plan for the river way and The City of Asheville encompassed the plan as an addendum to its award winning 2010 Comprehensive Plan. However, the implementation process could begin a design framework was needed for the entire revitalization of the riverfront.
During September in 1991, with influential support from local government authorities and the public, RiverLink received funding from the National Endowment for the Arts to develop what is now known as The Asheville Riverfront Open Space Design Guidelines. Once again RiverLink helped to assemble a charette team with ALSA/AIA, and groups were divided. This time issues such as signage, river access, public art, support facilities, structures, and landscaping were addressed. Through public forums it was agreed, by both the public and private constituents, that all open space development should accentuate the unique geographical aspects of Asheville and Western North Carolina. When completed, as like The Riverfront Plan, The Open Space Guidelines were well received by the public. Local governments immediately adopted the guidelines and the policy was approved by The Asheville Council. They are now part of The City of Asheville’s river zoning district and since the inception of Asheville’s river parks and greenways, the Design Guidelines have served as a blueprint for their development.
The Wilma Dykeman RiverWay Plan.
Throughout the 1990s RiverLink strived to progressively bring the pieces of The Riverfront Plan together. Rousing mass amounts of donations with public support, the environmental organization acquired several large contaminated parcels along the French Broad River in West Asheville. Using both the power of their volunteers and their partnership with the City of Asheville, RiverLink was then able to convert the land into active-use parks and greenways.
Despite these accomplishments however, much of the original design remained unrealized. Not only was there a lack of funding to continue implementation but The Riverfront Plan had become outdated. Since the fifteen year old plan was first introduced, the zoning, demographics, and developments of Asheville’s riverfront had vastly changed. In order to reflect these new developments, diverging land use patterns, and new community needs and desires along the river, it would be necessary to modify the design.
By 2004, RiverLink had risen over $250,000 and was able to update The Riverfront Plan appropriately so that it accurately depicted the riverfront’s current conditions and demands. Among those who financially contributed to its creation were: North Carolina Department of Transportation (DOT), The City of Asheville, Buncombe County, The Asheville Merchants Association, Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA), and Progress Energy. The new plan built and expanded on The Riverfront Plan. It is a 17-mile greenway that will extend along the French Broad River from Broadway Avenue through the central riverfront, along the WECAN neighborhood, through the recreational areas to the Amboy Road Exit on I-240. The plan will also follow the Swannanoa from its confluence with the French Broad, through the Biltmore Village and up river to Tunnel Road and Azalea Park where it will end.
To put it in more concise terms, the updated plan “linked the French Broad and Swannanoa Rivers into a continuous pathway with separate walking and biking trails anchored on the south at the North Carolina Arboretum, on the east by the Blue Ridge Parkway, and on the north by the University of North Carolina Asheville (UNCA)”.
However, it is evident that the amended plan inhibits the intent of much bigger developments and ideas than just greenways. Similar to the original Riverfront Plan, although in significantly richer detail, the new design was centralized around three diverse focuses: First, with a road alignment study, it addressed specific development zones within the seventeen miles. Secondly, detailed site-plans and transportation engineered illustrations were created to help guide the plans implementation. Lastly, a market study was included, which analyzed how the revitalization of the river could further reinforce traditional industries including, health/wellness, recreation, arts, crafts, and entrepreneurship.
RiverLink had long emphasized how many of their initiatives to revitalize the French Broad River had been previously championed by others since the mid 1900s. One of the earliest advocates was a young author and educator named Wilma Dykeman, whom in a book titled “The French Broad”, detailed the linkage between economic development and economic protection. Once the updated plan was refined and Asheville City Council adopted it, RiverLink aptly re-branded the new design as The Wilma Dykeman Riverway Plan.
Parks and greenways.
There are several parks and greenways incorporated within The Wilma Dykeman RiverWay Plan. Amongst these are:
French Broad River Park & Greenway System.
The initial breakthrough to gain riverside property occurred in 1991, when the non-profit organization, RiverLink, was offered a two mile-long donation from the Carolina Power & Light Company. This property is now known as the first link in the urban riverfront greenway. For years the west bank riverfront property had been used as an “unofficial” land fill for construction companies and concrete manufactures. However, beyond the poison ivy infested and trash littered terrain RiverLink saw potential and convinced the city to receive the donation.
It is at this time that the organization created a concept called, “The Mayor’s Greenway Award” and presented it to CP&L during a reception at city hall. This award was a symbol of goodwill and community enrichment and has since become used as an incentive to encourage other citizens and corporations to donate land for public access along The Wilma Dykeman Riverway’s identified greenway routes.
Once the donation of land from CP&L was accepted, RiverLink and The City of Asheville entered into a public-private partnership to develop it. In accordance to The RiverWay Plan, the implementation of the two-mile riverfront stretch in West Asheville was divided into three phases. It would be eventually named the French Broad River Park & Greenway System.
French Broad River Park.
During phase one of the French Broad River Greenway System, with the City's help, RiverLink received a grant from The Z. Smith Reynolds Foundation to hire a landscape architecture firm to develop the master plan and construction drawings. A principal goal of the plan was to infuse characteristics of the old Riverside Park into The French Broad River Park. Once the design was complete, RiverLink’s staff & volunteers worked with The City of Asheville’s Parks & Recreation Department to develop the park. Also, RiverLink raised the funds needed to install picnic tables, benches, bike racks, bollards and other amenities that make the greenways at French Broad River Park PHASE I, II and III user friendly and comfortable.
On September 21, 1994 the first part of the project was completed and the French Broad River Park became the first greenway (or watershed) built within the City of Asheville.
French Broad River Park Greenway Extension.
Soon after the initial park was completed, phase two began. This phase added another loop of greenway trails as well as a dog park and wildflower garden to the park. Again relying heavily on community involvement and with a corresponding relationship with the City’s Parks & Recreation Department, this phase was completed only a year after the first - In September 1995. For the first two years RiverLink was vital in operating The French Broad River Park however it is now maintained regularly by The City of Asheville Parks and Recreation Department.
It was not until four years later, in 1999, that RiverLink received funding from the North Carolina Wildlife Resources Commission to implement the final phase of The French Broad River Greenway. Phase three extended the greenway trail even further along the river next to Amboy Road. Moreover, in addition to the extension, the funding of this phase included a handicapped accessible fishing pier that was installed overlooking the river.
Carrier Park.
The second major breakthrough for The Wilma Dykeman Riverway Plan occurred during in 1999, when RiverLink managed to obtain the former Asheville-Weaverville Speedway on Amboy Road () (which is still in development as of April 2011). After raising $1.6 million to purchase and develop the old speedway, RiverLink donated it, with a conservation easement, to the City of Asheville. As like before, during the development of The French Broad River Park & Greenway, RiverLink and the city worked closely together to implement the park. Foremost, city employees with expertise in park development resurfaced the racetrack, which now invites Asheville cyclist and non-motor races.
Furthermore, with a combined effort from citizens and city employees an outdoors education wetland/stormwater Education Center was constructed, along with: basketball courts, bocce ball/bowling alleys, volleyball courts, an in-line skating ring, and a combination of baseball & soccer fields. Also, by rallying 1000 volunteers in five days, RiverLink built a playground to add to the park. When it was all complete the 50-acre old speedway was rechristened as Carrier Park and joined the French Broad River Park System.

</doc>
<doc id="30983581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983581" title="Herbert Gerigk">
Herbert Gerigk

Herbert Gerigk (2 March 1905, Mannheim – 20 June 1996, Dortmund) was a German musicologist, notable for his co-authoring of the Nazi "Lexicon of Jews in Music".
After graduation in 1928, Herbert Gerigk published in 1932 a thesis on Giuseppe Verdi. It was the first important musicological overall presentation of Verdi in Germany and appeared in the series "The Great Masters of Music."
Gerigk joined the Nazi Party in 1932 and joined the SA in 1933. From 1935 he worked in the National Socialist German Reich as "head the music section for the monitoring of the intellectual and ideological training and education of the Nazi Party". In 1935 he joined the SS.
Gerigk took over the planning of the music policy of Alfred Rosenberg and was responsible for its implementation in the Rosenberg's office. This policy was to suppress Jewish representation in musical life by removing Jews from their positions and stopping the spread of new music.
Gerigk's most famous work was the antisemitic concoction "Lexicon of Jews in Music ", which he edited in collaboration with Theophil Stengel , Speaker of the Reich Music Chamber. The aim of the work was to prevent 'accidental' performances of works by Jewish and part-Jewish composers, to identify all Jewish music practitioners, but particularly to devalue composers fixed in the German musical tradition such as Felix Mendelssohn, Giacomo Meyerbeer and Gustav Mahler, through lies and deliberate falsification.
During the Second World War Gerigk took a leading role in the persecution of Jews. He headed the Office of Music in Einsatzstab Reichsleiter Rosenberg, and was a driving force in all activities of the 'Music Special Staff' in occupied countries. The activity included the plunder of cultural property in the occupied countries and its transport to Germany. In occupied France alone, Gerigk's investigators carried out roberries over two years from 34,500 Jewish houses or apartments, including those of Emmerich Kálmán , Darius Milhaud , Fernand Halphen , Arno Poldes , and Gregor Piatigorsky. Of the machinery of destruction of the Holocaust , Gerigk wrote in 1942: "The question must be raised as to whether it is appropriate, given the liquidation of European Jewry, to permit Jewish half-breeds as cultural workers in any form."
In 1943 he became chief editor of the music magazine promoted by Rosenberg, "Music in War"; in 1944 he was promoted to SS-Hauptsturmführer.
After the Second World War Gerigk was never brought to justice for his complicity in the Holocaust. Although his Nazi past prevented an academic career, he worked as a music critic was at the "Dortmund Ruhr-Nachrichten". In 1954 he wrote a "Dictionary of Music", which was issued by the same firm (Bernhard Hahnefeld) that had published him during the Nazi era.

</doc>
<doc id="30983602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983602" title="Theophil Stengel">
Theophil Stengel

Karl Theophil Stengel (12 July 1905, Bodersweier, Kehl – 9 October 1995, Brühl (Baden)) was a German chorus master, composer and Nazi musicologist, notable for his co-authoring of the anti-Semitic "Encyclopedia of Jews in Music".

</doc>
<doc id="30983604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30983604" title="Nikola Vukčević (footballer)">
Nikola Vukčević (footballer)

Nikola Vukčević (Cyrillic: Hикoлa Bукчeвић, born 22 March 1984) is a Montenegrin international footballer who currently plays for Vllaznia Shkodër in the Albanian Superliga as a defender.

</doc>
