<doc id="31147066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147066" title="Shame (2011 film)">
Shame (2011 film)

Shame is a 2011 British drama film cowritten and directed by Steve McQueen, starring Michael Fassbender and Carey Mulligan. It was coproduced by Film4 and See-Saw Films. The film's explicit sexual scenes regarding sexual addiction resulted in it being rated NC-17 in the United States, where it opened on December 2, 2011 in limited release. "Shame" was released in the United Kingdom on 13 January 2012. The film grossed $17,000,000 by the end of its world-wide theatrical run, including nearly $4,000,000 in the United States.
Plot.
Brandon (Michael Fassbender) is a successful, handsome executive in his thirties living a fantasy life of hypersexuality in New York City. Distanced from his dysfunctional family and seemingly without any close friends, his carefully cultivated life lets him indulge a growing secret sexual addiction, while struggling with his eroding ability to connect emotionally with anyone. During his morning commute to work, on a subway train he flirts with a woman and she reciprocates. She has on both a wedding ring and an engagement ring, and when they exit the train, she disappears into the crowd.
His company's computer system is compromised by a virus; in the clean-up, Brandon's computer hard drive indicates an obsessive history of surfing pornographic sites, one of which is probably the source of the virus. Although Brandon, who is driven to masturbate in the bathroom stall at work, is responsible, it is assumed by company heads that his intern is to blame.
Brandon and his married boss David (James Badge Dale) meet three women at a club. Later on, Brandon has sex with one of them, the one David was actually pursuing. When Brandon arrives home, he assumes a burglar is in his house but finds the unexpected visitor is his sister Sissy (Carey Mulligan). They have an uncomfortably long discussion in the bathroom while Sissy is completely undressed, and making no attempt to cover herself. Sissy works as a part-time singer who has a few gigs in the city and asks to stay with Brandon; he later hears her pleading with her lover on the telephone not to reject her. Brandon is annoyed by Sissy's visit as she is emotionally needy, a trait for which he has no patience. She is also interfering with and hindering his personal life, which forces him to think about the increasingly unhealthy, obsessive path his life is taking.
The next morning at the subway station, Sissy is balancing herself on the edge of the platform. Brandon rebukes her, and in the brief exchange that follows Sissy persuades her brother to visit her as she performs at a club—something that he avoided in the past. Later, Brandon is joined by an enthusiastic David as they watch Sissy singing a very sad jazz version of "New York, New York", which makes Brandon emotional. Sissy joins Brandon and David at their table, where David courts her despite Brandon's evident dismay. During the flirting, David notices the remains of healing slash scars on her wrists indicating a troubled history which he finds oddly enticing. Sissy accepts David's advances and has sex with him in her brother's bedroom while Brandon, disgusted, leaves his apartment and goes out running. Later that night, Sissy attempts to sleep in his bed with him. Enraged at her behavior, he orders her out of the room.
Brandon's had a distant attraction to his co-worker Marianne (Nicole Beharie) and the two flirt with each other at work. On the way to dinner with her, he stops to observe a high-rise hotel, where he sees two people copulating against the window. The date is relaxed with sparks between the attractive couple but turns unintentionally personal as conversation steers on their affective differences: Marianne, who was recently separated, keeps a positive attitude toward commitment, while Brandon dislikes marriage and admits that his relationships have never lasted longer than four months. Although the pair seem very curious about each other, they part ways at the end of the night without kissing, each going home alone.
Later that night, Sissy accidentally walks in on Brandon masturbating in his bathroom. He physically attacks her and accuses her of spying on him. She then finds his laptop open on a pornography webcam site; the woman on the web-cam is familiar with him and assumes Sissy is his girlfriend. Brandon slams the laptop shut and a disturbed Sissy leaves. Brandon angrily throws out all of his pornographic magazines and his laptop. The next day, at work, he kisses Marianne and the two leave in their excitement. The two caress each other and kiss in a nervous, passionate attempt to have sex but Brandon seemingly cannot maintain an erection and appears heavily distressed.
Marianne is saddened and leaves, after which Brandon indulges with another woman against the window later that day. Afterwards, as she prepares to leave, he struggles with the fact that he can't have sex with someone he cares for, while feeling nothing for the women he does have sex with. Brandon is home watching cartoons when Sissy arrives. He tells her that he is disgusted with her and that David won't be seeing her again because he has a wife and children. He accuses her of playing the victim; she claims she never noticed David's wedding ring. He tells her she needs to leave, that he feels trapped by her. She says that they are family and are supposed to help each other, but Brandon accuses her of being needy and a burden.
Brandon begins to unravel and when he goes to a bar his advances are less smooth and more desperate, as he gropes a woman while verbally enticing her. He ends up being beaten up by her boyfriend whom he has deliberately antagonized by making aggressive references to his fantasies about her.
After he is denied entrance to a night-club he notices a gay bar across the street and curiously, desperately enters. He walks to the back, where several men are copulating; a man kisses Brandon and then fellates him. Upon leaving the bar, he listens to a voicemail message from Sissy telling him how much she needs him, and that they aren't bad people, they've just come from a bad place. Much like a drunk on a night of binge drinking, Brandon continues, visiting an apartment occupied by two prostitutes, where the three copulate.
While Brandon is riding the subway on his way home, the passengers are asked to leave the carriage due to an implied suicide further up the tracks. He frantically calls Sissy, but she does not answer, so he rushes home. When he gets there, Sissy is lying on the bathroom floor, having slashed her wrists. She survives and he comforts her in the hospital where he sees many older scars on her wrist. After leaving, he collapses and cries in the rain. Some time later, Brandon is seen sitting on a subway train and the same woman from the beginning of the film sits across from him, this time he notices she is only wearing an engagement ring. He tries to look away, but she keeps staring at him and smiling. She stands up to leave the train and Brandon keeps staring at her. The train begins screeching to a stop. At the height of the noise, the screen cuts to black.
Production.
Development.
McQueen worked with producer Iain Canning on the 2008 film "Hunger" and they reunited to develop "Shame" with Canning and Emile Sherman's UK/Australia-based See-Saw Films. McQueen's lead actor in "Hunger", Michael Fassbender, was the first and only choice to play the lead role in "Shame". Actors Carey Mulligan and James Badge Dale joined the cast in December 2010 to play the little sister and boss, respectively, of Fassbender's character. Screenwriter Abi Morgan was chosen to produce the script, making it one of two films she worked on with Film4 (the other being "The Iron Lady").
Filming.
Production was scheduled to begin on location in New York in January 2011, though Fassbender later commented in an interview that he just began shooting his scenes in early March. "I had so many passes I couldn't even tell you", said casting director Avy Kaufman, who faced precisely that challenge in casting the NC-17-rated film. Kaufman had a unique assignment from McQueen, who wanted top-quality actors even for tiny parts like Brandon's fly-by-night sexual partners. "The idea was that those partners would propel the story forward with their silence, showing Brandon's state of mind, or even suggesting the history of their relationship with a look or a gesture. The actresses, of course, also had to meet certain physical requirements." A majority of the film was shot in and around Chelsea. The office scenes were filmed in the Citigroup Center and the hotel scenes and nightclub scene were shot at the Standard Hotel in the Meatpacking District. Filming ended late May for reshoots, and postproduction began.
Release and reception.
"Shame" premiered at The 68th Venice Film Festival in the main competition. Fassbender won a Volpi Cup for Best Actor at the Venice Film Festival for his role in the film. It was also screened at The 36th Toronto International Film Festival, The 49th New York Film Festival, The 55th B.F.I. London Film Festival and The 34th Starz Denver Film Festival.
"Shame" was released in the United Kingdom on January thirteenth, 2012. Fox Searchlight distributed the film in the US.
The film opened in the United States on December second, 2011 in limited release. Fox Searchlight Pictures paid around $400,000 to acquire the United States distribution rights of "Shame".
U.S. rating.
The film was rated NC-17 (no one seventeen years of age or under admitted) by the Motion Picture Association of America for some explicit sexual content. Fox Searchlight did not appeal the rating or make cuts for the less restrictive R rating. Searchlight president Steve Gilula said, "I think NC-17 is a badge of honor, not a scarlet letter. We believe it is time for the rating to become usable in a serious manner".
Critical response.
"Shame" has received positive reviews. Review aggregate Rotten Tomatoes reports that 79% of critics have given the film a positive review based on 171 reviews, with an average score of 7.4/10, making the film a "Certified Fresh" on the website's rating system. The Rotten Tomatoes consensus states: "Boasting stellar performances by Michael Fassbender and Carey Mulligan, Shame is a powerful plunge into the mania of addiction affliction." At Metacritic, which assigns a weighted mean rating out of one hundred to reviews from main-stream critics, the film received an average score of seventy-two, based on forty-one reviews, which indicates "Generally favorable reviews".
Roger Ebert of the "Chicago Sun-Times" called "Shame" "a powerful film" and "courageous and truthful", commenting that "this is a great act of filmmaking and acting. I don't believe I would be able to see it twice." in a four-star review. Ebert would later name it his second best film of 2011. Todd McCarthy of "The Hollywood Reporter" gave the film a positive review, stating: "Driven by a brilliant, ferocious performance by Michael Fassbender, "Shame" is a real walk on the wild side, a scorching look at a case of sexual addiction that's as all-encompassing as a craving for drugs."
Dan Bullock of "The Hollywood News" said ""Shame" is captivating and intensely intimate. McQueen has followed "Hunger" with an unflinching and compelling film that explores the depths of addiction and the consequential destruction and demise of the mind and although it is sometimes difficult to watch, you won't be able to keep your eyes off it."
Justin Chang of "Variety" magazine gave the film a positive review, commenting: "A mesmerizing companion piece to his 2008 debut, "Hunger", this more approachable but equally uncompromising drama likewise fixes its gaze on the uses and abuses of the human body, as Michael Fassbender again strips himself down, in every way an actor can, for McQueen's rigorous but humane interrogation."
Writing in "The New York Times" A. O. Scott said, " McQueen wants to show how the intensity of Brandon's need shuts him off from real intimacy, but this seems to be a foregone conclusion, the result of an elegant experiment that was rigged from the start."
Donald Clarke of "The Irish Times" called it "the most wholesome film made about unwholesomeness since "The Exorcist"" noting that "the underlying current of Puritanism is, however, more than a little oppressive".
Home media.
The film was released on Blu-ray and on the digital outlets in April 2012 as the first NC-17 film to be downloaded on the digital outlets including iTunes, with the exception of Blockbuster and Best Buy, which had a policy prohibiting the rental and purchase of NC-17-rated films.

</doc>
<doc id="31147079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147079" title="Gare de Montigny-sur-Loing">
Gare de Montigny-sur-Loing

Montigny-sur-Loing is a railway station in Montigny-sur-Loing, Île-de-France, France.
The Station.
The station opened in 1860 and is located on the Moret-Lyon railway. The station is served by Transilien line R (Paris-Gare de Lyon) operated by SNCF.
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Montigny-sur-Loing:

</doc>
<doc id="31147082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147082" title="The American Outdoorsman">
The American Outdoorsman

The American Outdoorsman is a TV show broadcast for over 24 years on cable, satellite and online. It also licenses its name on numerous outdoor and hunting and fishing products.
History.
Hosted by Jim Mueller, "The American Outdoorsman" first aired in 1990. It airs on countless network affiliates including ABC, NBC, CBS and Fox across the US as well as online via a YouTube Network. The company also has licensed merchandise in apparel, accessories, electronics, outdoor gear, publishing, sports equipment and food products. Former Universal Studios, Marvel Entertainment and IMG executive Tim Rothwell is president and CEO of "The American Outdoorsman". 
Synopsis of the show.
"The American Outdoorsman" showcases the best of the outdoors around the US and across the globe. AO, as it is known, features hunting and fishing expeditions with host Jim Mueller as well as the show's "Pro Staff," Lee Clark, Mike Patterson, Rod Clark and Mark Tobin. Anecdotes and facts about the animal and their habitat are featured in the episode, while the hunt or fishing trip naturally unfolds.
Awards.
The show won two Telly Awards for Excellence in Television Production for the episodes "British Columbia Mountain Goat Part 1" and "Austrian Adrenaline."
Radio Show.
The "American Outdoorsman"'s success on TV spawned a syndicated weekly radio spin-off of the same name, hosted by Tony George and Mark Tobin. Past guests include rock star Ted Nugent, Sig Hansen from The Deadliest Catch and football Hall of Fame quarterback Jim Kelly.
Website.
"The American Outdoorsman"

</doc>
<doc id="31147107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147107" title="Westerdals School of Communication">
Westerdals School of Communication

Westerdals School of Communication is a private school in Oslo that offers an education in advertising, design and communications. In 2001, Westerdal School of Communication (WSoC) was founded after the merger of three independent schools: Westerdals Advertising School, School for Graphic Design and Wolff Advertising and Decoration School.
Each school has retained its character under new names, while students shared the teaching of theoretical communication. From 2004, the school offered an education in film and television. As of 2011, Westerdals offers Bachelor’s degrees in Text & Copywriter, Art Direction, Film & Television, Graphic Design, Visual Merchandising & Commercial Interior Design and Event & Experience Design.
Students work with project-based strategic communication: how ideas are developed, processed and communicated in different channels in the workplace. 
In 2010, Westerdals was ranked one of the world’s ten best communication schools in “YoungGuns Schools of the Decade”.
In 2011, Westerdals was established as a college, and is thus one of the few colleges in the Nordic region to offer bachelor's degrees within a variety of creative communication disciplines.

</doc>
<doc id="31147111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147111" title="Survivor (German TV series)">
Survivor (German TV series)

Survivor: Überwinde.Überliste.Überlebe ! (Survivor: Overcome. Outsmart. Survive!) is German local season of Survivor. In Germany was broadcast by the Prosieben network in 2007. The price for the winner is 250.000 Euro. 
From the beginning, the audience did not have an interest on the Show. After the second week the ratings dropped significantly.
Format.
A group of eighteen contestants were marooned on a desert island for 50 days and split into two tribes (Gunung and Tasik). For the first half of the game, the two tribes competed against each other in reward challenges and immunity challenges. The tribe that won the reward challenge received a special treat that made their life on the island more comfortable. The tribe that won the immunity challenge was completely safe from any eliminations for three days.
Meanwhile, the tribe that lost the immunity challenge were forced to vote one of their own number off the island. Contestants were free to discuss and scheme about who they wished to vote off, and many alliances were made and broken as the series went on.
After the first half of the game, the remaining members of the two tribes merged, and the game changed completely. Reward and immunity challenges were competed for on an individual basis, with the remaining contestants battling to prevent themselves from being voted off. After tribal merger, every contestant who was voted off joined a jury that decided who won the 250.000 Euro prize. They were given the choice from the final two contestants.
Website.
Official Website (Archive)

</doc>
<doc id="31147115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147115" title="Montague Napier">
Montague Napier

Montague Stanley Napier (14 April 1870 – 22 January 1931) was an English automobile and aircraft engine manufacturer. His grandfather, David Napier (1785–1873), had moved to London from Scotland and by 1836 had established an engineering company in Lambeth called Napier & Son. Montague Napier bought the business from the executors of his father's estate in 1895, and diversified into producing machine tools for the cycle industry.
Following a meeting with businessman and racing driver Selwyn Edge in 1899 Napier diversified into automobile manufacturer, and for a time his company was the leading supplier of luxury cars in the British market. His focus switched from cars to aircraft engines after the outbreak of the First World War in 1914, and he developed the very successful Lion engine.
Napier's failing health forced his move to the south of France in 1915, but he continued to work as a design consultant for his company. He died at his home in Cannes on 22 January 1931, aged 60.
Early life.
Motor historian Peter King describes Napier as "very secretive by nature"; not much is known about his early life. He was born on 14 April 1870 at 68 York Road, Lambeth, London, the youngest of the four sons of James Murdoch Napier and his wife, Fanny Jemima, "née" Mackenzie. His father had taken over his own father's interest in the engineering business he had set up there by 1836, making printing machinery for the newspaper industry. The business diversified unto making coin-weighing machines for the Royal Mint, but by the time of James Murdoch Napier's death in 1895 it was in decline. Napier had worked in the family business from an early age, but he was not doing so at the time of his father's death. He bought the business from the executors of his father's estate and diversified into producing machine tools for the cycle industry.
Business career.
Napier met Selwyn Edge in 1899, for whom he agreed to build a car based on Edge's Panhard et Levassor, which he had bought after it came second in the 1896 Paris–Marseilles race. So impressed was Edge with the result that he contracted to buy six more cars, and set up a showroom in London from which to sell them. The first cars were ready by 1900, and so successful were they that Napier decided to move his company to larger premises in Acton, London. While Napier concentrated on the engineering Edge focused on the marketing and publicity. In 1902 he drove a Napier to victory in that year's Gordon Bennett Cup, the first British victory in an international motor race. Until 1906 Napier cars dominated the British luxury car market, but Napier was unconvinced that there was a sustainable long-term market for such vehicles, unlike Rolls-Royce, his main competitor. Napier therefore set up a new company to develop more popular cars.
Following the outbreak of the First World War in 1914 Napier's interest turned increasingly to aircraft engines. Initially Napier & Son built engines designed by the Royal Aircraft Factory, but at his own expense Napier subsequently designed his own, the Lion. By 1924 about half of all British aircraft were powered by Napier's engine, and Napier automobile production had ceased.
Later life.
Napier's health had broken down by 1915, probably as a result of cancer, and he moved to the south of France from where he continued working as a consultant to his company. He was unable to design a satisfactory successor to the Lion, and therefore Napier was overtaken in the aero-engine market by Bristol and Rolls-Royce. Napier died at his home in Cannes, Villa des Cistes, on 22 January 1931, aged 60. The income from his estate of more than £1 million was left to his nurse and reputed mistress, Norah Mary Fryer, for the duration of her life, after which the residue of the estate was to be given to cancer research. In 1903 he had married school governess Alice Caroline Mary, "née" Paterson, with whom he had two sons and two daughters, but the couple were legally separated in 1922.
References.
Notes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="31147134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147134" title="Sixth Church of Christ, Scientist">
Sixth Church of Christ, Scientist

Sixth Church of Christ, Scientist may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31147154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147154" title="1001 Best Ways">
1001 Best Ways

__NOTOC__
1001 Best Ways is written by Paul D Angles based on contributions by hundred of individuals.
Summary.
The book is a crowd-sourced collection of best ways to address common life challenges, such as saving money, raising children, relationship, health, creative ideas, etc. It was launched on February 1, 2011.
Publishing history.
A new Best Way is published every hour, 7 days per week, at 1001BestWays website and simultaneously republished via Twitter, FaceBook, and other social media. The Best Ways are gathered up into 1,001 funny, touching, surprising, insightful, and inspiring collections. "1001 Best Ways, Volume 1" is scheduled to go to press on March 15, 2011, and a new volume is scheduled every 42 days afterwards.
See also.
In addition to the 1001 Best Ways books and website version, a spin-off series, 1001 Worst Ways, is scheduled to go live on April 1, 2011, with a first book scheduled for May 15, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31147190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147190" title="2011 The Bahamas Women's Open">
2011 The Bahamas Women's Open

The 2011 The Bahamas Women's Open was a professional tennis tournament played on hard courts. It was part of the 2011 ITF Women's Circuit. It took place in Nassau, Bahamas between 14 and 20 March 2011.
Singles entrants.
Other Entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:

</doc>
<doc id="31147191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147191" title="James Ferguson (minister)">
James Ferguson (minister)

James Ferguson (1621–1667), was a Scottish minister.
Biography.
Ferguson belonged to the Fergusons of Kilkerran. He graduated at Glasgow University in 1638, and was ordained minister of Kilwinning, Ayrshire, in 1643. He was a member of the assembly of 1648, and declined calls to both Edinburgh and Glasgow.
He was so highly esteemed by the Earl of Eglintoun that, though appointed to the chair of divinity at Glasgow in 1661, he never left Kilwinning to enter on that office. He was a man of eminent piety, and at the same time "much admired", as a writer of his life in Wodrow's "Analecta" says, "for his great and singular wisdom and prudence, being reckoned one of the wisest men in a nation, most fit to be a counsellor to any monarch in Europe".
In the controversy between the resolutioners and protesters he adopted the side of the former, but it is recorded that he confessed before his death that he was wrong. Probably in consequence of the support of Lord Eglintoun, he was not interfered with at the Restoration in his ministry at Kilwinning. He died 13 March 1667.
Works.
Ferguson is remembered and esteemed at this day as the author of a series of excellent commentaries on St. Paul's Epistles. In Charteris's "Catalogue of Scotch Divines" he is called an author "of great reputation". Spurgeon characterises his commentaries as those of "a grand, gracious, savoury divine".
His works are:
He also issued several sermons, and left in manuscript an essay on singing the psalms.
Family.
He married Jean Inglis (d. 1687), by whom he had two sons, James and Hew, and a daughter, Mary, wife of Robert Cheislie, an Edinburgh merchant.

</doc>
<doc id="31147205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147205" title="Thomas Northcote">
Thomas Northcote

Thomas Northcote (1749—1798) was a celebrated 18th-century British silversmith.
He began learning his trade in June 1766 when he became apprentice to Charles Hutton, however he did not enter his first of ten solo marks until 1776. Between 1794 and 1797 he created silver plates in partnership with one George Bourne, but Northcote is also known for creating spoons and sugar tongs with intricate and - for the era - strange designs.
See also.
Cast sugar tongs by Thomas Northcote http://castsugartongs.co.uk/thomasnorthcote.aspx

</doc>
<doc id="31147229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147229" title="Bonymaen Broncos">
Bonymaen Broncos

Bonymaen Broncos are a Welsh rugby league team that participate in the Rugby League Conference Welsh Championship. All home games are played at Bonymaen RFC. 
"Bonymaen Broncos" were founded in 2011. The club played its first game on Saturday 21 May 2011, when they played hosts to Neath Port Talbot Steelers. Broncos won the RLC Welsh Championship in their inaugural season.
All of the team are members of the Bonymaen RFC Union team who play in division 1 West. The Broncos were created by brothers Ian and Richard Brooks who are also the teams coaches and Manager alongside club Secretary Stuart Williams. In their first season they were undefeated in all games and had 9 players represent the grand slam winning Wales Dragonhearts. 
The Broncos also have a junior team founded at the same time who play at under 14 level. Nicknamed 'The Baby Broncos' they won 3 out of their 7 games in their opening season. 
In their opening season the Broncos were most memorably know for their celebration of... 'The Chalky Dance'. Perfected by almost every member of the team. Top try scorer was rugby debutant Chris Stokes who led by example picking up Player of the year, Players player of the year, Clubman of the year, Most improved player of the year and Most promising player of the year. 
The broncos go in search of more silverware in the summer of 2012 when they move up to the Premier division.

</doc>
<doc id="31147234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147234" title="Case Vanderwolf">
Case Vanderwolf

Cornelius Hendrik "Case" Vanderwolf (1935 - ) is a Canadian neuroscientist. 
Raised in the rural community of Glenevis, Alberta, Vanderwolf went on to earn a BSc from the University of Alberta and completed graduate work with Donald Hebb at McGill University, completing his PhD in 1962.
Vanderwolf spent over 30 years at the University of Western Ontario in London, Ontario, during which time he published over 140 papers on the relation of hippocampal, neocortical, and pyriform cortical activity to behavior and the dependence of many of these brain-behavior relations on the activity of central neurons that release the transmitter substances acetylcholine and serotonin. His work also includes research on the brain mechanisms involved in olfaction. Vanderwolf's work is relevant to the problems of consciousness, memory, motor control and such human disorders as Alzheimer's disease and depression.
He has published two books, "An Odyssey Through the Brain, Behavior and Mind" and "The Evolving Brain: The Mind and the Neural Control of Behavior" that provide an overview of his academic career and research findings. In 2000, he was awarded an honorary degree from the University of Lethbridge.

</doc>
<doc id="31147279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147279" title="The Bahamas Women's Open">
The Bahamas Women's Open

The Bahamas Women's Open is a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It is currently part of the International Tennis Federation (ITF) Women's Circuit. It is held annually at the National Tennis Centre in Nassau, Bahamas.

</doc>
<doc id="31147283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147283" title="United Nations Security Council Resolution 1624">
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1624

United Nations Security Council resolution1624, adopted unanimously at the 2005 World Summit on 14 September 2005, after reaffirming previous resolutions on terrorism, including resolutions 1267 (1999), 1373 (2001), 1535 (2004), 1540 (2004), 1566 (2004) and 1617 (2005), the Council called on all states to co-operate in order to strengthen the security of their international borders by enhancing terrorist screening and passenger security procedures. 
Resolution 1624, along with Resolution 1625 (2005), was adopted at a meeting of heads of state or government. The resolution was drafted by the United Kingdom. 
Resolution.
Observations.
In the preamble of the resolution, the Council reaffirmed its intention to combat terrorism in all its forms in accordance with the United Nations Charter, while stressing that measures taken should conform to international law. It condemned acts of terrorism and the incitement and glorification of terrorist acts, expressing concern that such actions pose a threat to human rights and the peace, stability and economic development of all states. Furthermore, the Council recalled the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and provisions relating to freedom of expression and the right to asylum.
The Security Council continued by expressing concern at the increasing number of victims of terrorism, the nature of terrorism as contrary to the United Nations Charter and the role of the United Nations in combatting terrorism. It called on all countries to become party to international conventions regarding counter-terrorism and the International Convention for the Suppression of Acts of Nuclear Terrorism.
Meanwhile, the resolution emphasised efforts for dialogue to broaden understanding among civilisations to prevent any indiscriminate targeting of religions and cultures. In this regard, the role of media, business and society was important to promote tolerance. The Council recognised that in a globalised world, states act co-operatively to prevent terrorists from using sophisticated communication to incite terrorist acts.
Acts.
The Security Council called upon all states to adopt measures necessary to prohibit incitement to terrorist action and deny safe haven to persons where there is credible evidence that they had been involved in such conduct. Furthermore, countries were asked to strengthen their international borders through combatting fraudulent travel documents, enhance terrorist screening and passenger security procedures, and improve understanding among civilisations. It was stressed that measures taken had to comply with international law and report to the Counter-Terrorism Committee. 
Finally, the Counter-Terrorism Committee was instructed to engage in dialogue with states on how they implemented the current resolution, promoting the best legal practice and information exchange, and to report back within twelve months. 

</doc>
<doc id="31147339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147339" title="Citizens' Congress">
Citizens' Congress

Citizens' Congress can either refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31147352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147352" title="Seguros Bolívar Open San José">
Seguros Bolívar Open San José

The Seguros Bolívar Open San José is a tennis tournament held in San José, Costa Rica since 2011. The event is part of the ATP Challenger Tour and is played on hard courts.

</doc>
<doc id="31147358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147358" title="Sarah Darling">
Sarah Darling

Sarah Ann Darling (born October 4, 1982 in Des Moines, Iowa) is an American country music singer and songwriter.
Career.
In 2003, Darling made her name first known to the public when she was a top-three finalist on E! Entertainment Television's reality show "The Entertainer", hosted by Wayne Newton. She missed out on winning the show as Newton believed she was not right for
Las Vegas and he advised her to head to Nashville to focus on country music.
Sarah Darling went into the studio in the summer of 2008 to record her debut album, "Every Monday Morning", which was released on June 16, 2009. Her single "Jack of Hearts" successfully made its debut on Country Music Television's top 20 countdown. A second album, "Angels & Devils", was released on February 15, 2011, following its lead single "Something to Do With Your Hands" and a digital single release of the U2 cover "With or Without You". To promote the single, Black River Music Group arranged for Darling to sing the national anthem for a Buffalo Sabres game in place of usual singer Doug Allen; the Sabres and Black River are both owned by Terrence Pegula.
In late 2012, a new single titled "Home to Me," was released to digital retailers on August 21, 2012 after being previously featured on Sirius XM's The Highway country-music station. It sold over 8,000 copies in the first week of release becoming the top selling digital single from a new female artist since May 2011 when Lauren Alaina released "Like My Mother Does". "Home to Me" became Darling's first single to chart on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart, reaching a peak of number 34. 
"Home To Me" was issued to radio, in multiple versions, customized for different states. 
However, after releasing a digital EP, "Home to Me", on January 29, 2013, Darling and Black River Entertainment parted ways.
Darling released "Little Umbrellas," independently on June 4, 2013 to digital retailers. It was also issued to country radio on June 24, 2013, though it failed to chart.
Darling has been featured on "TBS' CONAN, FOX & Friends, HLN Morning Express with Robin Meade, ABC's The Bachelor, Better TV" and many additional news outlets. She wrote the song "Knowing What I Know About Heaven," which was recorded and released by Guy Penrod, and has a passion for baking.
Darling was a contestant on ABC's Rising Star Season One in 2014. 
Personal life.
Darling married James Muriel in April 2013

</doc>
<doc id="31147379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147379" title="Kevin Mitchell (motorcycle racer)">
Kevin Mitchell (motorcycle racer)

Kevin Mitchell (born October 24, 1961) is a former British Grand Prix motorcycle road racer. He competed in the Grand Prix world championships from 1987 to 1994. He achieved his highest ranking in 1992, riding for Harris Performance Products on a Yamaha-ROC 500cc bike, when he had 12 starts and finished 27th; his highest point total was 4, in 1988, on a 250cc Yamaha.

</doc>
<doc id="31147382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147382" title="ATP Challenger Guangzhou">
ATP Challenger Guangzhou

The ATP Challenger Guangzhou has been a tennis tournament held in Guangzhou, China. The event was held in 2008 as part of the ATP Challenger Series and in 2011 ATP Challenger Tour. It is played on hard courts.

</doc>
<doc id="31147460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147460" title="Cass River (Selwyn District)">
Cass River (Selwyn District)

The Cass River is an alpine river in the Canterbury Region of the South Island of New Zealand. It rises near the Cass Saddle in the Craigieburn Forest Park and flows generally northeast alongside the Craigieburn Range before turning north to meet the Waimakariri River. State Highway 73 and the Midland Line both cross the lower reaches of the river near a farming locality named Cass.
A local landowner, P&E Ltd, applied to divert water from the Cass River and irrigate of high country land near Lake Grassmere. The consent was declined in March 2013 commissioners acting for Environment Canterbury for "potential impact on landscape values and water quality".
The river, railway station and settlement are named after Thomas Cass, chief surveyor of Canterbury Province from 1851–1867.

</doc>
<doc id="31147474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147474" title="2011 Orange Open Guadeloupe">
2011 Orange Open Guadeloupe

The 2011 Orange Open Guadeloupe was a professional tennis tournament played on hard courts. It was the first edition of the tournament which was part of the 2011 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Le Gosier, Guadeloupe between 14 and 19 March 2011.
ATP entrants.
Other Entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:

</doc>
<doc id="31147490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147490" title="United States gubernatorial elections, 2013">
United States gubernatorial elections, 2013

The United States gubernatorial elections of 2013 was held on November 5, 2013, in the states of New Jersey and Virginia. These elections form part of the 2013 United States elections.
__TOC__
Term-limited Republican incumbent.
Bob McDonnell (Virginia).
Governor Bob McDonnell was term limited in 2013, as Governors of Virginia cannot serve consecutive terms.
Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli was the Republican nominee for Governor, after winning the nomination at Virginia's 2013 Republican Party convention.
Terry McAuliffe, former chairman of the Democratic National Committee, was the Democratic nominee for Governor, after being the only candidate to file for the race.
Robert Sarvis, an entrepreneur and lawyer, was the Libertarian Party nominee. On June 26, 2013, the Virginia State Board of Elections confirmed to Sarvis's campaign that he would be listed on the ballot statewide during the elections this November.
On November 5, 2013, Terry McAuliffe narrowly beat Ken Cuccinelli by a margin of 48% to 45.5% with Robert Sarvis accounting for the other 6.6% of the vote. 
Republican incumbent running for re-election.
Chris Christie (New Jersey).
Governor Chris Christie ran for a second term. Christie's re-election campaign could be the prelude to a 2016 presidential campaign for him.
Christie's approval ratings have hovered at or above 50% consistently throughout 2012, and broke records as the highest approval rating of any New Jersey governor in a recent Fairleigh Dickinson poll.
State Senator and former State Senate Democratic Leader Barbara Buono was the Democratic nominee.
The Libertarian nominee was Ken Kaplan, who also ran for U.S. Senator in 2012.
Chris Christie cruised to victory on November 5, 2013 when he won in a landslide victory against his adversary, Barbara Buono. Christie won 60.4% of the vote compared to 38.1% of the vote Buono earned. Exit polls also showed that Christie appealed to ethnic minorities, an increasing priority for Republicans.

</doc>
<doc id="31147505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147505" title="Oud Limburgs Schuttersfeest">
Oud Limburgs Schuttersfeest

The Oud Limburgs Schuttersfeest (abbreviated as OLS, literally translated "Old Limburgian Shooters' Festival") is an annual shooting tournament during which shooting associations (Dutch: "schutterijen"; Limburgian: "sjötterie") from across the region of Limburg, nowadays split in a Dutch and Belgian part, compete against each other. The winner organizes the event the following year and takes home "De Um", the highest prize for a shooter ("schutter").
Each "schutterij", or shooting association participates in the tournament with 6 members. Utilising an approximately 15 kg. carbine, with self-made bulllets of lead, participants are required to shoot square blocks (called "bölkes") from a stick. This is to be executed across 20 meter of distance.
Ten "schutter" unions unite approximately 170 "schutterij" guilds, with a total of approximately 10,000 members in the Netherlands and Belgium.

</doc>
<doc id="31147513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147513" title="2011 Seguros Bolívar Open San José">
2011 Seguros Bolívar Open San José

The 2011 Seguros Bolívar Open San José was a professional tennis tournament played on hard courts. It was the first edition of the tournament which is part of the 2011 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in San José, Costa Rica between 14 and 20 March 2011.
ATP entrants.
Other Entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
The following player received entry as a lucky loser:

</doc>
<doc id="31147520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147520" title="Nhill College">
Nhill College

Nhill College is a public P-12 College located in Nhill, Victoria, Australia. The College is the main source of education for Nhill and the surrounding district, especially for secondary education where the only other option for families is sending students to boarding schools at larger regional centers. 
Originally two separate schools on the same site, the primary and secondary schools merged to become the current P–12 under the guidance of then principal Neville Trotman.
As of 2013 there were 362 enrollments in Nhill College, with 151 primary students and 211 secondary students. Enrollments have generally remained stable, with numbers in the secondary section increasing slightly in recent years.

</doc>
<doc id="31147528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147528" title="Brian Biggs">
Brian Biggs

Brian Biggs (born March 9, 1968, in Little Rock, Arkansas) is a Children's Book Illustrator. He has been published by HarperCollins and Random House, among others, and has illustrated a Little Golden Book.
Early work.
Brian Biggs originally made comic books, like "Dear Julia" (1996–97), which was published by Black Eye Productions. It was later made into a short film directed by Isaac E. Gozin.
Children's Books.
Brian Biggs later began to illustrate for small projects, and eventually illustrated a children's book series, "Shredderman", written by Wendelin Van Draanen in 2004-05, which was turned into the Nickelodeon TV film "Shredderman Rules". He landed more deals later, like the "Roscoe Riley Rules" book series, and "Brownie & Pearl", written by Cynthia Rylant. He has recently finished and published the first two books of the series "Everything Goes", written and illustrated by himself.
Personal life.
He attended Parsons School of Design starting in 1987 for a few years, and later moved to San Francisco in 1993, where he met his ex-wife Jessica Richardson. They moved to Philadelphia in 1999 and had two children named Wilson (b. 1999) and Elliot (b. 2000). They were divorced in 2004, and Biggs later met his current wife Sacha Adorno. They got engaged on Christmas 2010, and were married in October 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="31147537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147537" title="Baby Smurf">
Baby Smurf

Baby Smurf (original French title:" Le Bébé Schtroumpf") is the twelfth album of the original French-language Smurfs comic series created by Belgian artist Peyo.
Apart from the titular story, it contains three more: "The Handy Smurf", "The Smurf Paint" and "A Smurfy Party".
Plots.
Baby Smurf.
During a blue moon night, a stork leaves a baby Smurf at the door of a Smurf house and leaves. The Smurfs quickly hand the baby to one another until he ends up with Smurfette. The next day, all the Smurfs converge to see the baby, save for Grouchy Smurf, who hates baby Smurfs. Brainy Smurf asks if the baby is Smurfette's, which offends her.
The baby is adopted by all Smurfs (save for Grouchy). Handy Smurf makes a bed for the baby, including a machine to swing it, but Papa Smurf opts for swinging the bed at hand. Greedy Smurf bakes a cake for the baby, but Smurfette tells him the baby is too small for cakes. Other Smurfs wash the Baby's dirty clothes. When the Baby sees Grouchy passing, he tries to imitate his gruff expression, which seems to mellow Grouchy down, but he fakes apathy when Smurfette asks him to carry the baby. Brainy asks Papa Smurf where the baby Smurfs come from, but Papa's answer is so complicated that he still doesn't understand anything. At night, the baby's crying doesn't let any Smurf sleep.
The next day, the Smurfs prepare a party in Baby Smurf's honor, but the stork arrives with a note saying that the Baby was a "delivery error" and must be taken away. Everybody is upset including Smurfette who goes into a non stop crying spree, but they don't have any option but return the baby. However, they soon find that Grouchy Smurf has escaped with the baby. The Smurfs seek for Grouchy and the Baby throughout the forest. Grouchy manages to avert being found, but then he decides to return to the village after noticing the many dangers the Baby would face in the forest as well as Baby Smurf falling ill by catching a cold.
After the Smurfs give the Baby back to the stork, life in the village turns sad; even Jokey Smurf and the Smurf getting his trademark explosive present try to laugh but end crying. That same night, the stork returns with the Baby, with a note saying that Grouchy Smurf's care for the baby has caused the baby to be allowed to stay with the Smurfs.
The Handy Smurf.
Handy Smurf creates a drill, but he begins to try it on everything (the water pump, Harmony Smurf's flute, etc.), which causes trouble for the Smurfs' daily lives. When he's found out, the other Smurfs catch him and make a new invention to get revenge on him: a rotating kicking machine that keeps kicking Handy Smurf.
The Smurf Paint.
The Smurfs try to paint the village to restore it, and some of them add their "personal touch" to the labor. Several Smurfs have difficulties painting, so Handy Smurf creates a paint-spraying system, which he makes work with Harmony Smurf's help.
Meanwhile, Gargamel creates an invisible paint, and uses it on himself to follow some Smurfs to the village. While Papa Smurf goes to his lab to make a formula against Gargamel, Handy and Harmony spray paint on Gargamel, making him visible. Gargamel, blinded by the paint, goes stumbling back at his own house. He decides to use a formula to become a dragon, but accidentally drops the remaining invisible paint on the book with the formula.
At the village, Papa Smurf still works on his formula, not knowing that Gargamel has already left.
A Smurfy Party.
Gargamel finds that the Smurfs are organizing a party, so he disguises as a bunny to ask them to invite him. The Smurfs immediately recognise Gargamel, but bring him (blindfolded) to the village to give him a lesson. Papa Smurf drops a starch solution on Gargamel, who is immobilised. The party continues until a sudden rain dissolves the solution and Gargamel gets free. However, a Smurf ties Gargamel's feet to a rocket that sends him away to the forest, where a fox sees the bunny-disguised Gargamel and starts chasing him.

</doc>
<doc id="31147540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147540" title="Derna">
Derna

Derna may refer to:
Libya
Romania

</doc>
<doc id="31147561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147561" title="Euskirchen court shooting">
Euskirchen court shooting

The Euskirchen court shooting was an act of mass murder that occurred at the district court in Euskirchen, Germany on March 9, 1994. Just after his appeal against a sentence for assaulting his former girlfriend, Vera Lamesic, had ended with an upholding of his conviction, 39-year-old Erwin Mikolajczyk re-entered the court building armed with .45-caliber Colt pistol and a homemade bomb in a backpack. In the hallway he fatally shot Lamesic, two women who had accompanied her, as well as two other people, and then entered the court room where he killed 33-year-old Alexander Schäfer, the judge who had convicted him. When he ran out of bullets, Mikolajczyk killed himself by detonating the bomb. A total of eight people were also wounded in the attack.
In popular culture.
The film "Tag der Abrechnung – Der Amokläufer von Euskirchen", released the same year and starring Christoph Waltz as Erwin Mikolajczyk, is based on the incident.

</doc>
<doc id="31147567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147567" title="2011 ATP Challenger Guangzhou">
2011 ATP Challenger Guangzhou

The 2011 ATP Challenger Guangzhou was a professional tennis tournament played on hard courts. It was the second edition of the tournament which was part of the 2011 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Guangzhou, China between 14 and 20 March 2011.
ATP entrants.
Other Entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
The following entrant has been granted a Special Exemption into the main draw:
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:

</doc>
<doc id="31147578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147578" title="The Theosophical Movement">
The Theosophical Movement

The Theosophical Movement is a monthly magazine that was started by the United Lodge of Theosophists India on November 17, 1930.

</doc>
<doc id="31147606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147606" title="Boualem Benmalek">
Boualem Benmalek

Boualem Benmalek (born 30 January 1989 in Sétif) is an Algerian professional footballer. He is currently AS Khroub, after last playing for Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 club ES Sétif.
International career.
On November 16, 2011, Benmalek was selected as part of Algeria's squad for the 2011 CAF U-23 Championship in Morocco.

</doc>
<doc id="31147613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147613" title="Leonid Belakhov">
Leonid Belakhov

Leonid Belakhov (Russian: Леонид Юлианович Белахов, 1907–1975) was a general and a senior Soviet administrator at the time of World War II, and managed several strategic logistical programs that influenced the course of the war, including the transportation of war aid from the US through the Lend-Lease program and of troops and fuel for the beginning of the offensive against the Nazi Germany's invasion of the USSR.
Biography.
Before the war
In 1937, after finishing the air force command academy, Belakhov was appointed head of political administration of the Chief Directorate of the Northern Sea Route (GlavSevMorPut), one of the largest Soviet agencies, governing the Soviet territory north of the Arctic Circle and east of the Ural mountains. In this role, Belakhov oversaw the internal affairs of the agency and the logistics of the Arctic exploration programs. 
The agency was at that time headed by Otto Schmidt. Belakhov continued as the political chief under Ivan Papanin, the new chief of CDNSR after Otto Schmidt's resignation from the agency's leadership in 1939.
World War II
In 1940, Belakhov was appointed head of political administration and deputy minister of the Soviet Merchant Fleet. In this capacity, Belakhov was commissioned to manage several key projects, reporting to Anastas Mikoyan, the deputy head of the government and a stalwart of Soviet politics. The projects included the organization of transportation of war aid to the USSR from the U.S. through the Lend-Lease program, supply of fuel and transportation of troops for the Battle of Stalingrad.
Family.
Belakhov was married to Maria Belakhova, a writer and educator known for her work in children's literature and education in the Soviet Union, mentorship of many of the country's prominent children's writers, and her own works.
External links.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="31147620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147620" title="Journal of Global Drug Policy and Practice">
Journal of Global Drug Policy and Practice

The Journal of Global Drug Policy and Practice describes itself as an open access peer-reviewed public health journal. Critics say it is biased, not peer reviewed, and not a legitimate scientific journal. It is funded by the US Department of Justice.
Background.
The journal is funded by the US Department of Justice, and published online quarterly by the Institute on Global Drug Policy and the International Scientific and Medical Forum on Drug Abuse. These are part of the Drug Free America Foundation, an organization that has referred to harm reduction efforts as "harm promotion", and characterized such efforts as "a tactic to normalize drug use". The stated goal of the Institute itself is as follows:
"The Institute is charged with creating and strengthening international laws that hold drug users and dealers criminally accountable for their actions. It will vigorously promote treaties and agreements that provide clear penalties to individuals who buy, sell or use harmful drugs... The institute supports efforts to oppose policies based on the concept of harm reduction."
Criticism.
The publication has been criticized for having a political agenda to combat harm-reduction polices. It is funded by the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention which is part of the U.S. Department of Justice. The president of the Canadian Health Libraries Association has also said it appears to be driven more by a political agenda than by science:
""That journal, which looks legitimate, which is being used by the Canadian government to back up various decisions, is supported by groups that believe enforcement is the route to reducing drug use.""
Also referring to this journal, authors in the "Canadian Medical Association Journal" wrote,
"Efforts to undermine the science specific to HIV prevention for injection drug users are becoming increasingly sophisticated. One new and worrisome trend is the creation of internet sites posing as open-access, peer-reviewed scientific journals. One such example, funded by the Drug Free America Foundation, contains a review of the research supporting needle exchange program and declares that the "effectiveness of NEPs [ needle-exchange programs ] to reduce HIV among IDUs [ injection drug users ] is overrated;" it further claims that the WHO position on needle exchange programs "is not based on solid evidence.""
An opinion piece in the "The Lancet Infectious Diseases" states "To our knowledge, this is the first time a lobby group such as the Drug Free America Foundation has created for itself a venue for the dissemination of opinion essays, which to the untrained eye could easily be mistaken for a scientific journal".
Use by Canadian Government.
In 2007, the Canadian Minister of Health, Tony Clement, cited the journal to justify the Canadian Government's objections to harm-reduction programs.

</doc>
<doc id="31147635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147635" title="Societé Royale de Papyrologie">
Societé Royale de Papyrologie

The Societé Royale de Papyrologie, founded in 1930 in Cairo and placed under the protection of King Fouad 7 May 1930, is a library of Egyptian papyrus scrolls and fragments and papyrological studies. Under its former names, Société royale égyptienne de papyrologie (1932–36) and Société Fouad premier de papyrologie (1939–46) it has published its papyrological papers, "Études de Papyrologie", which first appeared in 1932 under the editorship of Pierre Jouguet at Cairo's Institut Français d'Archéologie Orientale, with a break during World War II, that recommenced in 1950.
Papyri in the collection may bear the prefix "Fouad", to commemorate Fouad I of Egypt: an example is Papyrus Fouad 266.

</doc>
<doc id="31147640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147640" title="2011 Morocco Tennis Tour – Rabat">
2011 Morocco Tennis Tour – Rabat

The 2011 Morocco Tennis Tour – Rabat was a professional tennis tournament played on clay courts. It was the fifth edition of the tournament which is part of the 2011 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Rabat, Morocco between 14 and 20 March 2011.
ATP entrants.
Other Entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:

</doc>
<doc id="31147669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147669" title="2011 Men's Rimouski Challenger">
2011 Men's Rimouski Challenger

The 2011 Men's Rimouski Challenger was a professional tennis tournament played on clay courts. It was the fifth edition of the tournament which is part of the 2011 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Rimouski, Canada between 14 and 20 March 2011.
Singles main draw entrants.
Other Entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:

</doc>
<doc id="31147676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147676" title="Beeston bus station">
Beeston bus station

Beeston bus station serves the town of Beeston, Nottinghamshire, England.
The bus station is situated in the town centre just off Station Road and consists of six stands in total. The main operator's using the bus station are Nottingham City Transport, Trent Barton, Premiere Travel and YourBus. 
The bus station is at the heart of the town and over recent years Nottinghamshire County Council funds have been spent upgrading the site. This has included new kerbing and an electronic timetable screens. The further redevelopment of the bus station is now tied in with the proposals to extend Nottingham's tram network through the area. 

</doc>
<doc id="31147701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147701" title="Lone Wolf (musician)">
Lone Wolf (musician)

Lone Wolf is the pseudonym of Leeds based alternative/folk singer/songwriter Paul Marshall.
Paul decided Lone Wolf was the most appropriate name because he never allows anyone else to become involved in his writing process.
Early life.
Paul Marshall was born and raised in Romford, Essex. At the age of 16 he moved to the small coastal town of Whitby, North Yorkshire. He started playing guitar at 18 "because, in Whitby there was literally nothing else to do". At 19 Marshall moved to Leeds to study and it was at this time he decided to abandon his original life goal of becoming a movie director and decided music was the way forward in his life.
Early career.
In 2007, Paul released an album called "Vultures" under his own name. This was released on a small Birmingham, UK based label, Iapetus recordings. The track "Greenfly" from this album was what first attracted Simon Raymonde of Bella Union Records to approach Paul. Paul signed to Bella Union in 2008. Having released his first album under his name Marshall decided to change his stage name so not to come across as "just another singer/songwriter", and thus, Lone Wolf was born.
The first album under the Lone Wolf name "The Devil & I" was recorded by Jeniferever frontman Kristofer Jönson in various locations around Uppsala, Sweden and it was mixed by James Kenosha in Bridlington, UK.
Current career.
Marshall has now abandoned playing solo and now the current live setup features a 'supergroup' of performers from various other bands, and the line up changes on a regular basis. It features either some of, or all of the following James Kenosha (Duels), Jon Foulger (Duels), Jim Foulger (Duels), Lindsay Wilson (Grammatics), James Mabbett (Napoleon IIIrd), Laura Groves (Blue Roses), Neil 'Wu' Widdop (This Et Al, Stalking Horse) and Tommy Davidson (These Monsters).
The Devil And I was released in May 2010.
The video for the lead single 'Keep Your Eyes On The Road' from the album was an homage to Peter Gabriel's seminal video to Sledgehammer.
Marshall toured the UK and USA with Wild Beasts in 2010, was personally chosen by Richard Thompson to perform at his self curated Meltdown Festival at Royal Festival Hall as well as a few one off headline shows across the UK and Europe.
Marshall is signed to Blue Mountain Publishing (UK/USA) and Yep Roc records in the USA.
He is currently writing the followup to The Devil And I.

</doc>
<doc id="31147722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147722" title="Jean-Claude Leuyer">
Jean-Claude Leuyer

Jean-Claude Leuyer (born November 30, 1970), or simply Jean Claude, is an American former super heavyweight kickboxer. He was a six-time world champion, holding titles in four different organizations, and competing in sixteen world title fights. He holds notable wins over Rob Kaman and Tomasz Kucharzewski in K-1.
Career.
Early career.
Although a Muay Thai fighter by trade, Leuyer first began practicing martial arts at the age of five with Shotokan karate. He came to prominence in 1994 when he won the USMTA Heavyweight Championship. He then won the ISKA Intercontinental Super Heavyweight Freestyle Championship by defeating Hirawi Te Rangi of New Zealand on March 13, 1994. Later in his career, he also held the ISKA World Super Heavyweight Freestyle Championship and ISKA World Super Heavyweight Muay Thai Championship.
Invitation to K-1.
In 1996, Leuyer was invited to take part in the K-1 World Grand Prix, the annual gathering of the world's best heavyweight kickboxers in Japan. Billed simply as "Jean Claude" in the promotion, he made his debut against Peter Aerts at the "K-1 Grand Prix '96 Opening Battle" in Yokohama on March 10, 1996. Towards the end of the first round, Aerts violently knocked Leuyer out with a right high kick.
He returned at the "K-1 Grand Prix '96" in a superfight against Aerts' teammate Rene Rooze on May 6, 1996. Rooze knocked Leuyer down little over a minute into the fight before knocking him out with a flurry of punches seconds later.
His third fight in K-1 came against yet another Dutchman, the legendary Rob Kaman, at "K-1 Hercules '96" on December 12, 1996 in Nagoya. Kaman, who had spent his prime years as a middleweight and light heavyweight, was in the twilight of his career and out of shape. Nonetheless, Leuyer dominated the fight before it was stopped in the fifth round due to Kaman obtaining a cut shin. Leuyer was awarded the technical knockout win.
Following this, he picked up another win over Frenchman Stephane Reveillon when he stopped him in round three at "K-1 Kings '97" on March 3, 1997 in Yokohama. He then rematched Peter Aerts at "K-1 Braves '97" on April 29, 1997. He was unable to take revenge, however, and was stopped in the second round.
After defeating Achille Roger on May 31, 1997 in San Jose, California, Leuyer returned to Japan to fight for the WKBA World Super Heavyweight Championship against Ray Sefo at "K-1 Dream '97" on July 20, 1997. Although good friends, they put on one of the most brutal fights in K-1 history, with Sefo taking the unanimous decision after seven rounds.
He was invited back to the K-1 World GP again in 1997, but once again made it no further than the opening round as he was knocked out in round two by Australia's Sam Greco at the "K-1 Grand Prix '97 1st Round" on On September 7, 1997.
In October 1997, he met Ray Sefo in a rematch only to suffer the same fate once more, losing a decision.
Later career.
On May 24, 1998, Leuyer fought Maurice Smith for the Draka World Super Heavyweight Championship in Los Angeles, California, but the bout was ruled a draw. After this, he was invited to the "K-1 USA Grand Prix '98" in Las Vegas, Nevada on August 7, 1998. He defeated karateka Tomasz Kucharzewski by TKO in the quarter-finals, only to be KO'd by Curtis Shuster in the semis.
He made a defence of his ISKA World Super Heavyweight Freestyle Championship against Andrei Dudko on May 15, 2000 in San Jose, California, stopping the challenger with a low kick in the fifth round. As the fight was entertaining and evenly-matched, a rematch was scheduled to take place in Moscow, Russia. Leuyer refused, however, and was stripped of his title.
On September 15, 2000, he was eliminated at the quarter-final stage of the "K-1 USA Championships 2000" in Las Vegas, when he was TKO'd by Paul Lalonde in round two. Leuyer returned at the "K-1 World Grand Prix 2001 Preliminary USA" on May 5, 2001, but fared no better and was beaten on decision by Michael McDonald at the opening stage once again.
Leuyer won back his ISKA World Super Heavyweight Freestyle title on September 29, 2001 in San Jose when he defeated Jeff Ford by TKO in round eight.
His last foray into K-1 came the following year on May 3 at the "K-1 World Grand Prix 2002 Preliminary USA" in Las Vegas where he was defeated via unanimous decision by Dewey Cooper in the quarter-finals.
Personal life.
Since his retirement from fighting, Leuyer has appeared in a number of films as an actor and stunt man including Jet Li's "Fearless". He is also a trainer at the American Kickboxing Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="31147729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147729" title="Sadaf Malaterre">
Sadaf Malaterre

Sadaf Malaterre is a Pakistani fashion designer who has been running her eponymous label in Karachi, Pakistan since 2005.
Personal life.
Sadaf Maalaterre was born in Karachi, Pakistan. She is half-French.
Career.
In the early part of her career Sadaf Malaterre modeled for some of the biggest brands and fashion magazines in Pakistan. The designer is known for her bright colors and innovative techniques. Sadaf Malaterre is also known for using local embroidery techniques to create modern textures.
In 2011, Sadaf Malaterre became the first ever fashion designer in Pakistan to appoint a full service luxury marketing consultancy in Pakistan to look after her business affairs and communication.
Accreditation.
The designer is registered with the Pakistan Fashion Design Council and has shown her collections at all PFDC Sunsilk Fashion Week since 2009. The designer also showed two collections with the now defunct Fashion Pakistan Week.

</doc>
<doc id="31147740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147740" title="Shehzad Afzal">
Shehzad Afzal

Shehzad Afzal is a writer/director/producer and Game Designer born in Dundee, Scotland. 
Shehzad Afzal is most notable for producing and directing the 2007 documentary film Bo Kata.
Shehzad Afzal's video game concepts and designs won him a place as a finalist in the Global Digital Cities Game Design Competition both in 2005 (final in Dubai, UAE) and 2007 (final in Dundee, Scotland).
Shehzad spent a couple of years during his early childhood life studying at a private grammar school in Lahore, Pakistan. Lahore, the ancestral home of his parents, influenced and forged his artistic mind-set from an early age, which would continue to have an impact on his later life and his artistic endeavours in film, music and art.
Shehzad's filming and directing style influences include John Cassavetes, Sidney Lumet, Jim Jarmusch and Mike Leigh. Shehzad focuses on actor performance and realisation within a neo-noir/social realist/expressionist dimension.
Shehzad Afzal is a graduate of both the Robert Gordon University, Aberdeen and Abertay University, Dundee in Computing and also Creative Writing; holds a Postgraduate Diploma in Management (presented to him by Dundee Utd football legend Paul Sturrock) from Dundee College, and is also a graduate of Screen Academy Scotland part of Edinburgh Napier University and Edinburgh College of Art (ECA), Edinburgh, gaining a Master of Arts in Screen Project Development with Distinction. Shehzad also won the University Class Medal for his academic studies in 2009, winning the 1st prize award for his Master of Arts in Screen Project Development course. In 2010, Shehzad received a PG CERT in Interactive Entertainment following the design course at Edinburgh Napier University. 
Shehzad produced two award winning short films whilst at the Screen Academy; one of which resulting in the first ever collaboration of a film project between screen academies in the UK (Screen Academy Scotland & Screen Academy Wales). Afzal won the Abbey Santander award for Outstanding Achievement in Film and Creative Media in 2009.
Shehzad was selected to take part in the Media funded ENGAGE programme in 2010, a talent development initiative which takes a select few emerging filmmakers from across Europe through a nine month process of masterclasses, film project workshops (which took place in Tallinn, Estonia; Helsinki, Finland; Dublin, Ireland and Edinburgh, Scotland), case studies, film screenings, culminating in delivering a pitch to industry professionals of the final film project.
<br><br>
Shehzad Afzal was nominated for the Satyajit Ray Film Foundation Award for Best Film Award 2007 (awards presented by BAFTA award winning filmmaker, Asif Kapadia), in association with the British Council and the British Film Institute for documentary film, Bo Kata.
<br>In 2009, Shehzad Afzal was presented by Sir Sean Connery the Edinburgh International Film Festival & Skillset Trailblazer Award for his film work, to celebrate emerging talent in British Cinema.
In 2010, Shehzad Afzal shot his debut feature film, Pendulum Drift, which is currently in post-production and due for film festival release in 2014/15.

</doc>
<doc id="31147743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147743" title="Krank (song)">
Krank (song)

"Krank" is a song by industrial rock group KMFDM, the first single from their seventeenth studio album, "WTF?!". It was released in North America on March 8, 2011, on the KMFDM and Metropolis record labels, and in Europe on March 11, 2011 on the Dependent label. None of the tracks on the "Krank" release are on the album, as the album features a different version of "Krank", and does not feature any version of "Day Of Light". The single features remixes by band leader Sascha Konietzko, former band members Tim Skold and Bill Rieflin, and Sebastian Komor of Icon of Coil.
Cover art.
The single's cover image was designed by longtime KMFDM cover artist Aidan "Brute!" Hughes, who said that he was asked by band founder Sascha Konietzko to create an illustration of the entire band. He used a variety of photos from the band's last tour and individually sketched all the band members before layering them together to create a caricatured group image.
Video.
The band released a video for the song, their first in nine years, and first official video since 1997's "Megalomaniac" video. The video, which was simultaneously recorded in Seattle, Hamburg, and Portland, Oregon, was produced by Kelly Raine. The band released a teaser for the video a few weeks before the release of the single, which was then temporarily sold out on the band's website due to high demand.
Reception.
"Krank" has been generally well received. The song was described as "adrenalin-pumping" and "self-assured" by Ross Hoon of "Dominion Magazine". Mike Kieffer of "Auxiliary Magazine" called the single "nothing groundbreaking, yet still good", adding that the single hinted that the upcoming album "WTF?!" could be great. Niggels Uhlenbruch of "Reflections of Darkness" called the song "an aggressive stomper in the best KMFDM tradition", but also commented that it was "a bit like KMFDM by numbers". He described the mixes of the song as ready for club play. 
In its second week of release, the song "Krank" reached No. 5 on the DAC German Alternative Chart. It also reached No. 15 on the US Billboard Top 100 Singles Chart and No. 3 on the US Billboard Top 25 Dance Singles Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31147767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147767" title="Patrick B. Byrne">
Patrick B. Byrne

Patrick B. Byrne (born March 8, 1956 in London, England) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse trainer who has won three Breeders' Cup races and who in 1997 conditioned Favorite Trick to American Champion Two-Year-Old Colt and American Horse of the Year honors and Countess Diana to American Champion Two-Year-Old Filly honors.
A native of London, England, Byrne was from a family involved in horse racing. He rode horses in Europe before emigrating to the United States in 1978 where he worked in New York as an exercise rider. He then spent eight years learning the training business from trainers such as LeRoy Jolley, John Russell, Howard Tesher and David Whitely before taking out his trainers license in 1986.
In 1998, Patrick Byrne trained Awesome Again to an undefeated year that was capped off with a win in the Breeders' Cup Classic.
Byrne makes his home in Louisville, Kentucky, where he settled in 1990, competing from a base at Churchill Downs.

</doc>
<doc id="31147772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147772" title="Cefn Cribwr RFC">
Cefn Cribwr RFC

Cefn Cribwr RFC is a rugby union club based in the village of Cefn Cribwr near Bridgend. They currently play in WRU Division Five South Central and run a senior and a youth team.
Website.
http://www.pitchero.com/clubs/cefncribwr/

</doc>
<doc id="31147777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147777" title="Czech Republic women's national ice hockey team">
Czech Republic women's national ice hockey team

The Czech women's national ice hockey team represents Czech Republic at the International Ice Hockey Federation's IIHF World Women's Championships. The women's national team is controlled by Czech Ice Hockey Association. As of 2011, Czech Republic has 2,085 female players. The Czech women's national team is ranked 12th in the world.
Olympic record.
The Czech women's team has never qualified for an Olympic tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="31147797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147797" title="Hirsch Perlman">
Hirsch Perlman

Hirsch Perlman (born 1960) is a contemporary artist who lives and works in Los Angeles, California. He is a professor of sculpture at UCLA. His work has been exhibited at the Museum of Modern Art, the Whitney Museum of American Art, and P.S.1 in New York. In 2010, Perlman's work was featured in the exhibition "Stop. Move." at Blum & Poe Gallery in Los Angeles. He is represented by Blum & Poe Gallery in Los Angeles, California
Education.
Perlman attended Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut.
Work.
Hirsch Perlman’s oeuvre spans sculpture, scripted film, stop-motion animation and photography. His experimental, accumulative, and often time-based practice draws the viewer into his rigorous tests of visual and literal, and the limits of control. He implements simple materials and clichés, reworked to produce poignant and unexpected results. His large silk-screen prints of cat drawings entitled Schrödinger Cats are named for the Austrian physicist’s experiment to illustrate the paradox of quantum mechanics and the contingencies of physical context.  The emblematic cat trapped in a box, and simultaneously dead and alive has been co-opted by popular and science-fiction writers from Robert Anton Wilson to Douglas Adams. In the early 1990s, Perlman produced a series of works around the theme of evidence, several of which were included in the 1992 exhibition Exhibit A, held at the Serpentine Gallery, in London.
Recent Solo Exhibitions.
2009 
Gallery Min Min, Tokyo, Japan
2007
"ergo despero", Blum & Poe, Los Angeles, CA
Gallery Min Min, Tokyo, Japan
Gallery Nieves Fernandez, Madrid, Spain
The Robert Miller Gallery, New York, NY
2006 
Drammens Museum, Drammens, Norway
Saint-Gaudens Memorial Picture Gallery, Cornish, NH
2005 
Gimpel Fils, London, UK
Gallery Min Min, Tokyo, Japan
Drammens Museum, Drammen, Norway
2004
Blum & Poe, Los Angeles, CA
References.
http://www.hirschperlman.com/

</doc>
<doc id="31147803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147803" title="List of Florida Gators head football coaches">
List of Florida Gators head football coaches

This list of Florida Gators head football coaches includes those coaches who have led the Florida Gators football team that represents the University of Florida in the sport of American football. The Florida Gators currently compete in the Division I Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA), and the Eastern Division of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). Twenty-three men have served as the Gators' head coach, including three who served as interim head coach, since the Gators began play in the fall of 1906. In December 2010, Will Muschamp was hired as the Gators' latest head coach and Muschamp assumed full responsibility for the team after his predecessor, Urban Meyer, coached the Gators in their January 2011 bowl game.
The Gators have fielded a team every season since 1906, with the exception of 1943, and have played more than 1,000 games during 105 seasons. During that time, twelve coaches have led the Gators in postseason bowl games: George E. Pyle, Bob Woodruff, Ray Graves, Doug Dickey, Charley Pell, Galen Hall, Gary Darnell, Steve Spurrier, Ron Zook, Charlie Strong, Urban Meyer, and Will Muschamp. Two Gators coaches have also won SEC championships: Spurrier won six, and Meyer won two. During their tenures, Spurrier won one and Meyer won two national championships with the Gators.
Spurrier is the leader in seasons coached, games won and winning percentage, with 122 victories and a winning percentage of .817 during his twelve years leading the program. Raymond Wolf has the lowest winning percentage of those who have coached more than one game, with .359. Of the twenty-three head coaches who have led the Gators, Charlie Bachman, Graves and Dickey have been inducted as head coaches into the College Football Hall of Fame in South Bend, Indiana.

</doc>
<doc id="31147836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147836" title="Shenyang WS-6">
Shenyang WS-6

The Shenyang WS-6 was an unsuccessful Chinese turbofan production programme.
J-13 light fighter programme.
At the end of the 1960s, the PLAAF started looking into new light fighter designs to replace the J-6, which was based on the 1950s vintage MiG-19. Shenyang nr. 601 institute proposed an 11,5 ton light fighter design with cantilever wings and fuselage side mounted air intakes, which in some ways resembled a smaller sibling of the Dassault Mirage F1. Although airframe design advanced fairly rapidly with a preliminary prototype finished in the early 80s, engine integration proved a difficult task. Both the recently acquired Spey Mk. 202 turbofan, built under license as the WS-9, and an indigenous engine developed by 606 Engine Design Institute, known as the WS-6, were considered to power the light fighter. As the fighter was to have a single engine, the PLAAF considered the 9,300 kg thrust WS-9 to be somewhat inadequate, since the design required the J-13 to have a thrust to weight ratio of at least 1:1. 
The WS-9 was supposed to become a 12,200 kg thrust turbofan, but development proved to be a very challenging task. As the 
J-8II programme started to flourish in the middle 1980s, the J-13 programme was accord lower priority, but in the wake of the new and very successful F-16 and Mig-29 programmes abroad, the programme continued non the less. In 1992 the PLAAF finally put a stop to the project because of the progress of the Lavi/J-10 programme and the access to Russian Su-27 Flankers and engine technology.
WS-15.
In 1982, China received a handful of Mig-23MS fighters from Egypt, in exchange for a 'friendship price' (at the time quoted to be only 1 million dollars each) for the recent F-6 and F-7 fighters sold to the Egyptian air force. Apart from serving the J-8II project with a successful engine inlet architecture, which resulted in the final success of the 'Finback', the deal also provided China with a new engine design. The Tumanski R-29, with a dry thrust of 10,000 kg, was also considers to be a viable candidate for the J-13 programme, and was to be produced internally with the WS-15 name. Again, the programme didn't flourish, mostly because of the availability of modern Russian turbofan engine technology from 1990 onwards. Confusingly, the WS-15 name tag seems to have been recycled for powerplant of the 2011 J-20 twin-engined fighter.

</doc>
<doc id="31147838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147838" title="Vivienne Harris (businesswoman)">
Vivienne Harris (businesswoman)

Vivienne Harris, MBE (née Hytner; born 1921, Prestwich, Lancashire, England, UK — died 4 March 2011) was a British businesswoman, newspaper publisher and journalist who co-founded the "Jewish Telegraph" in December 1950 with her husband, Frank Harris. The couple married in 1949.
Frank Harris, a freelance journalist, had relocated to Manchester from London. She and her husband co-founded the weekly "Jewish Telegraph" in the dining room of their home in Salford, Greater Manchester, in 1950. Vivienne Harris oversaw much of the newspaper's expansion from its origins as a four-page, weekly paper during the next sixty years, until 2011. Under Harris, the Jewish Telegraph expanded to four editions in four major British cities – Manchester, Leeds, Liverpool and Glasgow. Her husband and newspaper co-founder Frank Harris died in 1979. Their son, Paul, became group editor while Vivienne remained financial director and co-owner.
In June 1997, Harris was the recipient of the MBE for her contributions to journalism and to Greater Manchester. She remained the "Jewish Telegraph's" financial director until her death in 2011. Harris was active in numerous charitable organizations, including Save the Children, the Citizens Advice Bureau of Salford, the League of Jewish Women, St Ann's Hospice and the Jewish Day Centre.
She addressed attendees at the "Jewish Telegraph's" 60th anniversary dinner in December 2010. Dignitaries at the event, which was held at the Radisson Blu Hotel at Manchester International Airport, included Bury's Lord Mayor and Mayoress, John and Brenda Byrne.
Death.
Vivienne Harris died at her home in Broughton Park on 4 March 2011, aged 89. She remained the active financial director of the newspaper until her death. She was survived by her sons, Paul, the "Jewish Telegraph's" present owner and group editor and Jonathan.

</doc>
<doc id="31147843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147843" title="United Nations Security Council Resolution 1625">
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1625

United Nations Security Council resolution1625, adopted unanimously at the 2005 World Summit on 14 September 2005, the Council adopted a declaration on the role of the Security Council in conflict prevention, particularly in Africa where a large number of armed conflicts were taking place. 
Resolution 1625, along with Resolution 1624 (2005), was adopted at a meeting of heads of state or government.
Declaration.
Observations.
The Security Council expressed "deep concern" at the human cost and material loses caused by armed conflict. It reaffirmed the importance of refraining from the threat or use of force in international relations, the need to adopt a conflict prevention strategy to address the root causes of conflict and crises, and to strengthen the role of the United Nations in preventing violent conflict and build partnerships between international and regional organisations. 
The preamble of the declaration made reference to the African Union in particular, and its position on the unconstitutional changes of government on the continent. It also recognised the role of civil society in conflict prevention.
Acts.
The resolution expressed the Council's determination to enhance the effectiveness of the United Nations in preventing armed conflict, by:
Meanwhile, the Secretary-General was required to provide information on potential armed conflicts to the Council, particularly from Africa, assist countries at risk of conflict and promote regional conflict management initiatives. 
The Council stressed the importance of conflict prevention strategies to avoid a negative impact on security, economic, social, political and humanitarian sectors in countries facing crisis. A regional approach was also highlighted, particularly with regard to demobilisation, demilitarisation and reintegration, and action would be taken against the illegal exploitation of natural resources which fuelled conflict. Increased co-operation between the United Nations and regional or subregional organisations was also called for, in accordance with Chapter VIII of the United Nations Charter.
The latter half of the resolution addressed African nations. The Council encouraged African states to African Union Non-Aggression and Common Defence Pact of 31 January 2005 and to work with the United Nations Secretariat and regional offices to implement measures for establishing peace, security, stability, democracy and sustainable development. Meanwhile, the international community was called upon to support African nations in the aforementioned objectives, and to develop the capacities of African regional and subregional organisations to deploy civilian and military assets when needed.

</doc>
<doc id="31147898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147898" title="Sylvia Field">
Sylvia Field

Sylvia Field (February 28, 1901 – July 31, 1998) was an American actress whose several-decades-long career encompassed performances on stage, screen, and TV. She was best known for playing the understanding Mrs. Martha Wilson on the television sitcom "Dennis the Menace" on CBS from 1959 to 1962.
Early life and career.
Born Harriet Louisa Johnson in Allston, Massachusetts, she attended Arlington High School in Arlington, Massachusetts. Field began her acting career on the stage. She made her Broadway debut at age 17 in 1918 in "The Betrothal" (1918). After appearing in various stage productions, Field made her film debut in the 1928 drama "The Home Girl".
Field began appearing in guest spots on television in the late 1940s. In 1949, she starred in a locally produced sitcom about her life, "The Truex Family". In 1952, she landed the role of Mrs. Remington in the sitcom "Mr. Peepers". The show, which aired until 1955, co-starred Field's real-life husband Ernest Truex. After the end of "Mr. Peepers", Field continued to guest star on episodic television, including in roles on "Producers' Showcase", "Star Tonight", "General Electric Theater", and "The Ann Sothern Show". In 1957, Field made a guest appearance on "Perry Mason" as defendant Belle Adrian in "The Case of the Angry Mourner." In 1958, she played Aunt Lila in the Walt Disney serial "", starring Annette Funicello.
In 1959, Field began appearing as Martha Wilson in the CBS sitcom "Dennis the Menace". Field's character was written out of the series in 1962 owing to the death of Joseph Kearns, who portrayed George Wilson, Martha's husband. Field continued in television guest spots during the 1960s, including on the ABC sitcoms "Our Man Higgins" with Stanley Holloway and "Hazel". She made her final onscreen appearance in a 1975 episode of CBS's "Harry O" starring David Janssen.
Personal life.
Field was married three times. Her first marriage was to Robert J. Frowhlich from 1924 to 1929. Her second, to Harold Moffat in 1930, produced one daughter. Moffat died in 1938. In 1941, she married actor Ernest Truex, to whom she remained married until Truex's death in 1973.
Death.
On July 31, 1998, Field died at a nursing home in Fallbrook, California. She was 97.

</doc>
<doc id="31147944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147944" title="Sixth Church of Christ, Scientist (Milwaukee, Wisconsin)">
Sixth Church of Christ, Scientist (Milwaukee, Wisconsin)

The former Sixth Church of Christ, Scientist, built in 1902, is an historic Christian Science church edifice located at 1036 North Van Buren Street in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. It was designed in the Gothic Revival and Romanesque Revival styles by noted architect Elmer Grey, who was then based in Milwaukee, but later moved to California where he designed Christian Science churches in Los Angeles and Long Beach. On March 27, 1980, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places. On May 17, 1983, Sixth Church was made a locally designated historic site by the city of Milwaukee.
Today it is occupied by the Metrobrook Church

</doc>
<doc id="31147980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147980" title="Altino Pinto de Magalhães">
Altino Pinto de Magalhães

Altino Pinto de Magalhães (Ribalonga, Carrazeda de Ansiães; 8 May 1922) was an Army Officer in the Portuguese Armed Forces, Military Governor and official in the Ministry of the Army, as well as the President of the Junta Regional of the Azores. General in the Portuguese Armed Forces, who, while having a conservative style, supported the Carnation Revolution of 25 April 1974.
Career.
During his time at the Army Academy, Altino studied Infantry, Transmission and Information, the general and complimentary courses in Officers training, as well as taking an aviation course to provide tourist services.
He was promoted to ensign in March 1943 while in Lamego, and served with the 9th Regimental Infantry in São Miguel and Terceira. He served in Portuguese Angola between 1946 and 1948, where he was promoted to lieutenant before serving in Braga. Before returning to Angola, where he served between 1949 and 1953, he was made promoted to Captain in December 1948. He served in the Ministry of the Army between 1953 and 1961, becoming a Major by December 1957 and later Lieutenant-Colonel by May 1961, before being transferred to Madeira (Funchal). He returned to the Ministry between 1963 and 1969, being invested as Colonel in 1968. He joined the "Quartel General da Região Militar" ("Military Regional General Garrison") in Angola in 1969-71, serving in the "Estado Maior do Exército" ("Army Staff") and regional command, advancing to the position of Brigadier by August 1973.
Presidency of the Azores.
He was nominated to the position of Military Governor and Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces in the Azores on 6 January 1975, a function that he served until 29 August 1976 (not before being promoted to General in February 1976), when he became the President of the "Junta Regional dos Açores" (from 26 August 1975 to 29 August 1976). He arrived in Ponta Delgada during a period of heightened tensions after the Revolution, during a political crisis and ideological conflict between anti-communists and separatists. On 6 June 1975 a protest in Ponta Delgada was held, in direct countervention to the prohibition of organized gatherings, which quickly degenerated into a separatist manifestation. The military tried to block protesters from protesting at the palace of the Civil Governor, António Borges Coutinho, that took a significant left-leaning tone. Magalhães met with Coutinho, but in the middle of this confusion, the Civil Governor resigned, which provoked a wave of cheers from the protesters and cries for the independence of the Azores. What followed were negotiations between the commander-in-chief and a group of protesters. When these protesters calmed-down, orders were sent to arrest some of the personalities considered responsible for the subversive acts related to the manifestation. These prisoners were deported to Terceira.
As a sequence of these events, a "Junta Governativa Regional" () was established under decree-law 458/B/75 on 22 August 1975, presided by the military Commandant and council that included representatives of the political parties (PSD, PS and CDS), that operated as a provisory government of the Azores, until the Constitution established the Regional Government of the Azores.
Later life.
During his career he held the highest level roles in his military postings, attaining many of the functions in the military hierarchy. Similarly, he exercise civilian functions: District Governor of Uige (1972–74); Representative of the Governing Junta in Angola (1974) and as President of the Regional Junta of the Azores (1975–76). Between 1976 and 1979 he served in the Army's Planning Directorate, and later the Armed Forces Planning Directorate (1979–1984), attaining the post of four-star General by July 1979.
He was the President of the Central Committee of the Combatants League () between 1986 and 1996. His military career included fifteen command-level accreditation, as well as in Governing and Ministerial postings. In addition, he received eight national medallions, in addition to commendations and honours from Brazil (six), France (one) and Yugoslavia (one). His national honors included three (silver and gold) Service Distinctions with Palm and a Grand Cross in the Military Order.
He was the President of the Executive Commission established to by the National Association of Overseas Combatants () to guide the building of national monument to overseas troops.
In 1985 he became a candidate for the Presidency of Portugal.

</doc>
<doc id="31147994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31147994" title="Xymon">
Xymon

Xymon, a network monitoring application using free software, operates under the GNU General Public License; its central server runs on Unix and Linux hosts.
History.
The application was inspired by the open-source version of Big Brother, a network monitoring application, and maintains backward compatibility with it. Between 2002 and 2004 Henrik Storner wrote an open-source software add-on called bbgen toolkit, then in March 2005 a stand-alone version was released called Hobbit. Versions of this were released between 2005 and 2008, but since a prior user of the trademark "Hobbit" existed , the tool was finally renamed Xymon. In January 2012, Quest Software discontinued development of Big Brother.
Functionality.
Xymon offers graphical monitoring, listing the various services of each machine, as well as listing the number of mail messages queued after a defined level of downtime. Statistics are shown graphically for all monitored services.
Monitored hosts require installation of a client, which is also free software, and which forwards monitoring information to a Xymon server. Clients are available for Unix and Linux (in formats including source tarball, RPM and Debian package) from the Xymon download site at Sourceforge. Windows hosts can use the Big Brother and Xymon-compatible BBWin client. Plugins extend monitoring to new types of applications and services, and many extension scripts for Big Brother will run unchanged on Xymon.

</doc>
<doc id="31148004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31148004" title="Deesbach Forebay">
Deesbach Forebay

The Deesbach Forebay () is a dam in the German state of Thuringia in the Thuringian Highland. It impounds the river Lichte and lies between the municipalities Lichte (Geiersthal) and Unterweissbach. That particular forebay belongs to the Leibis-Lichte Dam (de: Talsperre Leibis-Lichte). 
The name, Deesbach Forebay, was derived d from the close proximity to the municipality Deesbach.

</doc>
<doc id="31148010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31148010" title="2011 FC Pakhtakor season">
2011 FC Pakhtakor season

The 2011 season was Pakhtakors 20th season in the top Uzbek League in Uzbekistan. Pakhtakor competed in Uzbek League, Uzbek Cup and AFC Champions League tournaments.
Club.
Current technical staff.
After draw result in Bukhara, Ravshan Khaydarov resigned his position as coach. Murod Ismailov is appointed as new head coach of Pakhtakor.
Players.
Youth squad.
Youth team of Pakhtakor plays in "Uzbek Youth League"
Transfers.
Winter 2010-11.
In:
Out:
Summer 2011.
In:
Out:
Competitions.
Pakhtakor competed in all major competitions: Uzbek League, the Uzbek Cup and the AFC Champions League.
Uzbek League.
Matches.
Kickoff times are in Uzbekistan Time (UZT) – UTC+5.
Uzbek Cup.
Matches.
Kickoff times are in Uzbekistan Time (UZT) – UTC+5.
Squad statistics.
Appearances and goals.
Player statistics are only for Uzbek League matches Competitive matches only, includes appearances as substitute.
Top Scorers.
All
Uzbek League
Uzbek Cup
AFC Champions League

</doc>
<doc id="31148022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31148022" title="Waldshut–Koblenz Rhine Bridge">
Waldshut–Koblenz Rhine Bridge

The Waldshut–Koblenz Rhine Bridge is a single-track railway bridge on the Turgi–Koblenz–Waldshut railway, between Waldshut and Koblenz AG, crossing the Rhine and the border between Germany and Switzerland. It was the first railway bridge built over the Rhine below Lake Constance. It is the only major railway bridge over the Rhine, which is completely preserved in its original condition and is one of Europe's few lattice truss bridges.
The bridge carries passenger services of line S27 of the Aargau S-Bahn, operating between Baden and Waldshut, and line S41 of the Zurich S-Bahn, operating between Winterthur and Waldshut.
History.
On 26 August 1857 the Grand Duchy of Baden State Railways signed an agreement with the Swiss Northeastern Railway to construct the cross-border Turgi–Koblenz–Waldshut railway, including the Rhine bridge. Thus on 18 August 1859, the line was commissioned as the first connection between the Baden Mainline and the Swiss railway network. The current main rail connection between Germany and Switzerland, the Basel Link Line, was opened 14 years later. The Baden architect Robert Gerwig designed the bridge and managed its construction. The steel superstructure was supplied and installed by the Gebrüder Benckiser company of Pforzheim. The bridge was designed for two tracks, but only one track was installed. Due to increasing traffic loads, the bridge was strengthened in 1912 and 1913, being reinforced to carry axle loads and then the track was moved from the eastern side of the bridge to the middle. The demolition of the bridge planned by the German army on 24 April 1945 was not in fact carried out, so the technical landmark of the bridge in its original design is still preserved today.
In 1967 a speed restriction of was imposed on the bridge because the bridge’s age and safety concerns. A report of the University of Karlsruhe in 1974 estimated the bridge’s remaining useful life as 10 to 15 years, provided that new corrosion protection was applied; this was carried out in 1978. Ten years later Deutsche Bundesbahn closed the line, after Swiss Federal Railways (SBB), the owners of half the bridge, refused a request for an updated report on the bridge. This was followed in 1991 by extensive repair work, including local reinforcement measures and renewed anti-corrosion measures, allowing the maximum speed for passenger trains to be raised to and extending the bridge’s useful remaining life to 40 years. Until the electrification of the Waldshut–Koblenz gap in 1999, passenger services on the bridge were carried out by diesel multiple units of Deutsche Bahn. From 1999, SBB took over management of services on the bridge using electric multiple units. In 2007, about 34 trains daily operated as line S41 of the Zürich S-Bahn between Waldshut and Winterthur.
In late 2011, the SBB introduced refurbished Class 560 electric multiple units to the S27 line. Unfortunately the refurbishment, which included the introduction of air conditioning, took the axle loading of a fully loaded power car over the maximum for the bridge. As a temporary solution, the power cars were locked out of use whilst passing over the bridge, and the trains limited to . Following work on the bridge, these restrictions were lifted in early 2014.
Construction.
The approximately 190 m long bridge section has a track on the upper level of the truss bridge and its spans over the Rhine consist of two outer spans that are long and a central span of . This is followed on the Swiss bank by a brick viaduct with six semi-circular arches, having an inside diameter of . The greatly varying spans of the main bridge result from the nature of the currents in the Rhine. On the German side, after the line runs on an embankment for some , it crosses over the E54 on a modern concrete arch bridge.
The superstructure of the lattice truss bridge is made of wrought iron and is box shaped in cross-section. At has a continuous beam along its length. It has two vertical close-knit, grid-like lattice truss with a height of and a track base of . The diagonal struts are formed from flat steel and riveted together at the intersections. The vertical pillars consist of four riveted corners.
The foundation of the pillars are built on driven wooden piles that are about long, topped by concrete pile caps. The tops of the pillars are high and wide and made of stone masonry.
Assembly.
The superstructure of the current bridge was assembled in three sections on the Waldshut bank in a temporary work hall. After completion of the first segment, it was rolled out of the hall. Then the second segment was built, and on its completion was connected with the first. Finally, the third segment was built and the entire length of was assembled. The actual installation of the bridge was carried with the support of piles in the Rhine, using of a long wooden launching nose, propelled over a runway. The launching of the superstructure was carried out using human-powered transport mechanisms.

</doc>
<doc id="31148066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31148066" title="HP Discover">
HP Discover

HP Discover is Hewlett-Packard's showcase technology event for business and government customers. In 2011, HP Enterprise Business, along with participating independent user groups, combined its annual HP Software Universe, HP Technology Forum and HP Technology@Work into a single event, HP Discover. There are two HP Discover events annually, one for the Americas and one for Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA). 
HP Discover 2011.
HP Discover 2011 Americas took place June 6–10, in Las Vegas at the Venetian/Palazzo. The event offered nearly 1,000 sessions on application transformation, Converged Infrastructure, information optimization, mobile devices, webOS, global data centers, security, hybrid delivery and cloud computing. 
Approximately 10,000 customers, partners and IT thought leaders attended HP Discover 2011 in Las Vegas and approximately 5,000 attended the EMEA event. The Americas conference featured tracks designed for several industries including automotive and aerospace; communications, media & entertainment, energy, financial services, healthcare and life sciences, high tech and electronics, public sector, retail and consumer goods, and transportation and logistics. The nearly 1,000 sessions, hands-on labs and exhibits explored all areas of the HP Enterprise Business portfolio including servers, storage, networking, software and services. In addition, the company provided sneak previews of its new tablet device, webOS TouchPad which will be available in July 2011. 
In addition to breakout sessions, the event offered hands-on labs, thought leadership keynotes and opportunities to network with peers, HP executives, senior technologists, and HP partners. HP Discover 2011-Las Vegas sponsors included Microsoft, SAP, Intel, Brocade, Emulex, Alcatel-Lucent, AMD, VMware, Samsung and many others.
The HP Discover 2011 event in EMEA took place in Vienna, Austria, at the Reed Exhibitions, Messe Wien Congress Center, on November 29 through Dececember 1, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31148069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31148069" title="Gilman Bigelow Howe">
Gilman Bigelow Howe

Gilman Bigelow Howe (1850–1933) was an American government official in the employ of the U.S. Department of the Interior and the U.S. Department of Commerce, known for his genealogical work on the families of New England and his 1922 presidency of the National Genealogical Society.
Biography.
Gilman Bigelow Howe was born on April 29, 1850 in Marlborough, Massachusetts as one of two sons of Silas and Ann Gilmore (Snell) Howe. Howe was a direct descendant of John Howe who arrived in Massachusetts Bay Colony in 1630 from Brinklow, Warwickshire, England and settled in Sudbury, Massachusetts. Howe was also a descendant of Edmund Rice another early immigrant to Sudbury, and John Biglo of Watertown, Massachusetts. He lived for a time in East Bridgewater, Massachusetts and spent much of his life living in Northborough, Massachusetts serving as town clerk for 12 years and as a member of the town’s Board of Assessors for eight years. From 1900 to 1922 he was in the employ of the United States government in the Department of Interior and the Department of Commerce. Howe was a Mason for 50 years, a member of the Knights Templar, and a life member of the New England Historic Genealogical Society. He served as the President of the National Genealogical Society in 1922. Howe died 11 January 1933 in Washington, D.C. and he was buried in Northborough, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="31148089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31148089" title="Carlos Gereda y de Borbón">
Carlos Gereda y de Borbón

Don Carlos Gereda y de Borbón, Marqués de Almazán, 49th Grand Master of the Military and Hospitaller Order of St. Lazarus of Jerusalem (Malta branch), was born on 24 January 1947 in Montevideo, Uruguay to Don Nicolás Gereda y Bustamante and his wife Dona María Luisa de Borbón y Pínto. He is the 5th great grandson of King Carlos IV of Spain (d. 1819).
Early life and pedigree.
Don Carlos was born in Uruguay as his parents had moved there after the Spanish Civil War to care for a country estate they had inherited. His position within the Borbón family is established from the line of the Duke of Santa Elena, his grandfather, second in rank to the Duke of Seville, his cousin, both of whom are descendants of Charles IV of Spain, and Henry, Duke of Seville. This branch is considered second in nobility only to the Spanish Royal Family.
At an early age he returned to his native Spain before being sent to Ladycross Preparatory School in Sussex, England. From there he progressed to Downside Abbey, a Benedictine Public School. After completing his education at Downside he returned to Madrid to read Industrial Engineering at University.
On 15 February 1975 Don Carlos married Dona Maríá las Nieves Castellano y Barón Marquesa de Almazán (b. 24 Sept. 1947) acquiring the title of Marqués de Almazán which had been created by Philip II of Spain in 1575.
Career.
In 1975 he began a career as a commercial development entrepreneur. This career path provided him with the opportunity to travel the world, from the Far East to South America and Central Europe. He and his wife, Blanche, lived in Buenos Aires from 1979 to 1986, where they established an Oil Services Company which is still in operation today. Don Carlos is currently involved in establishing a Museum of Science and Leisure in Malaga, Spain, which he hopes will be the most important of its kind in the Mediterranean.
Grand Master.
In October 2008, at a Chapter General, Don Carlos was elected as the 49th Grand Master of the Military and Hospitaller Order of St. Lazarus of Jerusalem (Malta branch). He took the solemn oath in front of the Knights and Dames of the Order in Manchester Cathedral in England.

</doc>
<doc id="31148112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31148112" title="Waldron-Haslam">
Waldron-Haslam

Waldron-Haslam is an album by jazz pianist Mal Waldron and baritone saxophonist George Haslam recorded in 1994 and released on the English Slam label.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Steve Loewy states "The two musicians are fully in sync, aside from the few times, particularly on the improvised pieces, where there is a tendency to ramble. Haslam boasts a singularly attractive, thin tone that balances the pianist's dense styling. The commanding improvisations by both Haslam and Waldron straddle the boundaries of free and post-bop jazz in a compellingly charming way". 

</doc>
<doc id="31148133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31148133" title="Ormside">
Ormside

Ormside is a civil parish in the Eden District of Cumbria, England, which includes the village of Great Ormside and the hamlet of Little Ormside. It has a population of 133.

</doc>
<doc id="31148135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31148135" title="Gianni Lunadei">
Gianni Lunadei

Gianni Lunadei (May 1, 1938 — June 17, 1998) was a versatile Italian Argentine actor best known for his work in Argentine comedy.
Life and work.
Lunadei was born in Rome in 1938. His mother was a seamstress and his father a brick mason, and the young Lunadei first developed an interest in acting when at age five, his parents introduced him to the cinema and theater. The family struggled during World War II, however, and his mother emigrated to Buenos Aires, Argentina, where Gianni arrived in 1950, followed by his father shortly afterward.
He debuted in the local theater in 1954 playing George in a local production of Arthur Miller's "All My Sons", and was later cast in Sean O'Casey's "The Shadow of a Gunman" and Anton Chekhov's "Platonov". His career on the stage flourished, and he worked as a resident actor in the National Comedy for eleven years, and in the General San Martín Theatre for six. Beyond the stage, he had a turn as Count Dracula in a 1968 made-for-television special starring veteran horror film actor Narciso Ibáñez Menta. Among Lunadei's notable stage roles from this era include those in Peter Weiss' "Marat/Sade", Carlo Goldoni's "Servant of Two Masters", as well as the title role in "Pantaleon", a Comedia dell'arte work by Argentine playwright Villanueva Cosse. This latter role won Lunadei the city of Mar del Plata's "Star of the Sea" in 1975 with co-star China Zorilla. He earned a Molière Prize for this role, and won a second one in 1977. He married actress Stella Maris Lanzani, and they had four children.
Lunadei ventured into Argentine cinema in 1976 with a minor part in Carlos Galettini's tragedy "Juan que reía" ("Juan Who Once Laughed"). He had a leading role in Manuel Antin's "Allá lejos y hace tiempo" ("Long Ago and Far Away", 1978); but in subsequent years he became known for portraying manic characters in picaresque comedy films and on television. Lunadei explained in a 1984 interview that his childhood dream had been to be a clown. One notable exception was his role as the unscrupulous financier Arteche in Juan José Jusid's tragicomic "Plata dulce" ("Sweet Money", 1982), whose title referred to the economic bubble and collapse caused by José Alfredo Martínez de Hoz's financial deregulation policies of the late 1970s.
Lunadei was cast by comedy writer Juan Carlos Mesa in the sitcom, "Mesa de noticias" ("News Desk"). The prime time show, which premiered on ATC in December 1983, was set in a struggling network news program, where Lunadei played De La Nata, an obsequious correspondent who showered the hapless programming director (Mesa) with compliments such as ""benemérito señor director, le pertenezco"" ("I'm at your disposal, my honorable director"), while sabotaging coworkers and dispensing ad hominem attacks such as ""infeliz!"" ("loser!") and his trademark interjection: ""SHAQ!"" (typically with a chopping motion of the hand). The sitcom was a success and ran until New Year's Eve 1987, appealing to audiences of an unusually varied demographic.
Lunadei returned to cinema in a 1987 lampoon of profiteering in the medical industry, "La clínica del Doctor Cureta", and in a 1988 film adaptation of cartoonist Horacio Altuna'a "Las Puertitas del señor López". Lunadei earned a Konex Award for lifetime achievement in comedy in 1991. He then joined Mesa in a spin-off of "Mesa de Noticias", "El gordo y el flaco" (akin to Laurel and Hardy), which aired from 1991 to 1994, and appeared in a number of sitcoms in subsequent years.
Lunadei's often manic on-screen persona belied his struggle with clinical depression, however. Separated from his wife, he began a relationship with television actress Perla Caron in 1993, and in 1997, moved to her Belgrano home. He continued to work despite his worsening condition, and had memorable roles such as in the mystery mini-series, "Archivo negro" ("Black File"), for which he was nominated for a Martín Fierro Award in 1997, and in the film-noir "El inquietante caso de José Blum" ("The Troubling Case of José Blum"). Alone in Perla Caron's home, he shot himself with a .32 caliber pistol on June 17, 1998. Lunadei was interred in the Actors' Pantheon at La Chacarita Cemetery.
The respected stage, television and film actor was renowned in the local entertainment industry for his improvisational skills. A production company operated by Juan Carlos Mesa and others announced that a remake of "Mesa de noticias" was being considered; Mesa himself expressed that ""bringing back a hit such as that inevitably leads to criticism that it's somehow not the same, and it wouldn't be the same: Gianni is no longer here."" 

</doc>
<doc id="31148156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31148156" title="The Beginning of Times">
The Beginning of Times

The Beginning of Times is the tenth studio album by Finnish metal band Amorphis, released on 25 May 2011 in Finland, 27 May in Europe and June 7 in the United States. Like previous Amorphis albums, "The Beginning of Times" is a concept album. The central character of the songs is Väinämöinen, described by the band as "the iconic hero of Finnish mythology".
Release.
Singles.
On 11 April 2011, Amorphis premiered the first single "You I Need" on their Facebook page. It was released digitally in Finland on 20 April 2011, and in other countries on 22 April 2011. Early the next month, the band released another new song, "My Enemy", again on Facebook.
Reception.
"The Beginning of Times" had a strong sales debut week, charting at No. 1 on the Finnish Albums Chart and No. 16 on the German Media Control Charts.
In a professional review for PopMatters, Adrien Begrand praised the album, going so far as to say that Amorphis have never sounded better with their current line-up. Amateur reviews have also been positive, with Craig Hartranft of DangerDog proclaiming "The Beginning of Times finds Amorphis in grand form, doing what they do best".
Personnel.
Amorphis
Session musicians

</doc>
<doc id="31148166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31148166" title="List of operas by Francesco Bianchi">
List of operas by Francesco Bianchi

This is a complete list of the operas of the Italian composer Francesco Bianchi (1752–1810).
Bianchi had an extraordinarily varied career, working in different places, in different styles with different collaborators. Not only did he work in Italy, in Venice, Naples, Florence, Rome, Milan, Turin, Bologna, Brescia, Cremona, and Padua, but also extensively in Paris and London.
Although he wrote 41 'serious' drammi per musica (opera seria), he also composed 16 opéras comiques and 14 opere buffe, as well as one each of works designated as azione scenica, azione teatrale, drame héroïque, drame lyrique, festa teatrale, and opera giocosa.

</doc>
<doc id="31148191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31148191" title="My Last">
My Last

"My Last" is the first single by American rapper Big Sean from his debut album "Finally Famous". The song features R&B singer Chris Brown. The song is produced by No I.D..
Background.
Originally, Sean performed both the verses and the chorus but after Brown turned up at one of Sean's shows, the pair connected and Brown suggested the two work together on a song which resulted in Brown singing the chorus. Brown has also done a freestyle over the track. The extended version of the track features Chris Brown's freestyle verse leading the song to 5min19seconds.
Production.
The songs instrumental was described by Rap-Up as a "bouncy piano-laced beat".
DJBooth.net described the beat as "soft keyboard chords that transition well into the hook where a low bass and snare set the pace for Sean's first verse." Sean revealed he originally rejected the beat but gave it a chance after pressurings by the song's producer No I.D.. The song's melody is sampled from the 1988 New Edition hit "Can You Stand the Rain".
Theme.
Sean described the song as a "real great party song."
Music video.
The music video was shot in West Hollywood, California on March 18, 2011. The music video is directed by TAJ Stansberry and features cameos by former GOOD Music artist Kid Cudi and current GOOD Music artist Teyana Taylor. It debuted on VEVO on March 24, 2011. The video of the extended version compiles the regular version of the video and Chris Brown's video of the freestyle.
Critical reception.
Critical reception of the song has been mostly positive with praise going to the chorus and Sean's verses. Chicago Now described the song as featuring a memorable chorus, memorable verses, and a universal theme praising Big Sean's verses. DJBooth.net also praised Sean's lyrical abilities.

</doc>
<doc id="31148321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31148321" title="Compass Box">
Compass Box

Compass Box is a small producer, bottler and marketer of a range of blended Scotch whiskies. The company is headquartered in London, England. Compass Box Whisky was founded in 2000 by American entrepreneur John Glaser, a former marketing director at Johnnie Walker. Their main product line, called the signature range, consists of whiskies named 'The Spice Tree', 'The Peat Monster', 'Oak Cross', 'Asyla' and 'Hedonism'. Outside the signature range, they produce a Blended Scotch whisky called 'Great King Street Artist's Blend'. They have also released blends with a limited release, such as 'Hedonism Maximus', 'Flaming Heart', 'Optimism', 'Morpheus' and the Canto Cask series. Apart from whiskies, they also produce 'Orangerie', made from whiksy infused with orange zest and spices. The blend 'The Spice Tree' is a different from the original 2005 release of the whisky under the same name. The 'Eleuthera' blend has been discontinued.
Compass Box does not distil any of the whiskies used in its blends. The company's whisky makers select distillates from a number of existing Scotch whisky distilleries, specifically malts from Ardmore, Caol Ila, Clynelish, Dailuaine, Glen Elgin, Laphroaig and Teaninich and grain whiskies from Cameronbridge and Cambus. The selected whiskies are then blended together and the resulting blend is matured further.
In 2005 Compass Box released a new blended malt whisky called "The Spice Tree" in which the blend of single malt distillates had undergone a secondary partial maturation stage in casks containing additional, flat French oak inserts (also known as ‘inner staves’). The Scotch Whisky Association, a trade organisation that represents the Scotch whisky industry, felt that the use of such inner staves in the whisky maturation process was in contravention of the Scotch Whisky Regulations prevailing at the time and threatened legal action against Compass Box to halt the production of "The Spice Tree". In response, Compass Box altered the production process for subsequent releases of "The Spice Tree" wherein the secondary maturation stage takes place in casks containing toasted French oak heads instead of the flat oak inner staves.

</doc>
<doc id="31148327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31148327" title="American Farm Discontent">
American Farm Discontent

The later part of the 19th century was a period of agrarian unrest in the Midwestern United States. From 1865-1896, farmers protests that led to the formation of organized movements including the Grange, Populist Party, the Greenbacks, and other alliances. Farmers cited the reasons for their unhappiness as declining prices, decreasing purchasing power, monopolistic practices of: 1) moneylenders, 2) railroad corporations, and 3) other middlemen. Recent research has led scholars to question the validity of these explanations. Currently there is no scholarly consensus on the causes of agrarian discontent.
Uncertainty.
A factor that contributed to the price volatility of farm products was related to supply-demand. Farm output increased as more people settled in the west. Part of this settlement can be attributed to: the influx of immigrants, the Homestead Act, and railroad construction. Productivity also increased with the advent of advances in agricultural machinery. Many prices for products such as cotton, wheat, and corn, fluctuated significantly as productivity Increased. 
Some scholars point to price volatility during this period as a major cause of farmer discontent. There is evidence linking price volatility to protest within states. A major reason for price volatility was globalization; the development of other countries (Australia, Argentina, South Africa, the Ukraine, Russia, and India) entering the market as major suppliers of agricultural products. If the United States were to have a bumper harvest, while Argentina or Eastern Europe had a poor harvest, then the commodity prices and incomes in the United States would rise. Similarly, if the United States had a poor year but Argentina had a good harvest, then the prices and incomes would fall in the United States.
Transportation was a main concern for farmers during this time. The commercialization of agriculture was facilitated by railroad transportation. Farmers complained of the high freight rates, but the available evidence contradicts the rationale. Yet real transport costs fell steadily throughout the post bellum era, but there is some evidence that the farmers were not benefitting from the lower rates. Farmers in the west were shipping their produce farther distances to market than those farmers in the east, additionally, the ton-mile rates were often much higher west of Chicago than the rates from Chicago to New York City. The data indicate that mean prices and mean incomes per acre were linked to the distance from New York City. Farmers in high protest states faced high price variability due to the pattern of prices that was influenced by the railroad network that linked the states. Although, there is evidence that the drop in transportation costs caused farmers with suitable soils to diversify their crops in order to take advantage of relative farm gate prices.
This volatility in prices was compounded by a post bellum shift into monocultures. Farmers that once relied on diversified farming found it profitable to produce only one crop for market sale. This was especially apparent in the South as farmers shifted away from diversified corn and cotton portfolios into solely cotton.
Commercialization.
Commercialization was a main component behind agrarian unrest. During this time, farmers engaged in the market production as the relative profitability increased. The purchase of agricultural inputs and goods that were formerly home-produced was acquired with credit. Farmers had to sell their produce at market and subsequently were enveloped in the commercial market system
Social Movements.
The unrest enabled many movements to appear on the political scene. The largest were the Grange, Greenback, and Populist movements. The Grange movement, which was organized in 1867, focused primarily on regulating railroads, grain elevators, and other middlemen and monopolies that they thought were taking advantage of the farmer. The most active states for the Grange movement were Illinois, Iowa, Minnesota and Wisconsin.
The Greenback movement peaked in the late 1870s; it campaigned for: higher agricultural prices, against the gold standard, and for a general increase in prices. The states with the most Greenback activity, as a form of agrarian unrest, were Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, and Wisconsin. 
The Populist Party, which was formed in the 1890s, which were most active in Kansas, Nebraska, and the Dakotas, was a short lived party that campaigned on the regulation of businesses, transportation charges, and monetary issues.

</doc>
<doc id="31148349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31148349" title="Diana Blumenfeld">
Diana Blumenfeld

Diana Blumenfeld (1903–1961) was a folksinger, pianist, and actress. She was born in Warsaw, Poland. In 1921 she studied piano in the conservatory and thereafter in Khrinivietska's Polish Dramatic School where she graduated in 1924. In 1923 she married Jonas Turkow and toured with his company, also with the Kraków Yiddish Dramatic Theater (1925-1926), and (1924) Esther-Rukhl Kaminska's troupe in Vilna. Leaving to play in Warsaw's central theater, she became one of the most important figures in VYKT. She starred in the film "Di Poylishe velder (The Polish fields)"
"Born in Warsaw in 1906, Diana Blumenfeld was one of the most talented and beloved musicians of the Warsaw ghetto. Although she had formally studied piano, it was as a singer that she was most successful, and her beautiful alto voice inspired some of Warsaw’s best songwriters to compose songs specifically for her. ... Such was her popularity that Mordechai Gebirtig sent her his new songs with the plea that she spread them throughout the ghetto."
She and her husband escaped the liquidation of the ghetto, and attempted after the war to rebuild Polish-Jewish culture. In 1944 she helped organize a concert through the Association of Jewish Writers, Journalists and Actors. She sang on the Polish radio, touring displaced persons’ camps, and gave concerts for survivors.
Blumenfeld and Turkov left Poland in 1945 and toured Europe, North and South America, and Israel. Diana Blumenfeld died in New York in 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="31148390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31148390" title="Tractatus Politicus">
Tractatus Politicus

Tractatus politicus (or "Political Treatise") is a political paper by Baruch Spinoza written in 1675 and published posthumously in 1677. This paper has the subtitle, ""In quo demonstratur, quomodo Societas, ubi Imperium Monarchicum locum habet, sicut et ea, ubi Optimi imperant, debet institui, ne in Tyrannidem labatur, et ut Pax, Libertasque civium inviolata maneat"." ("In which how a society, may be monarchy or oligarchy, can be best government, and not to fall into tyranny, and peace and liberty of citizen must not violated is demonstrated").
The Political Treatise has eleven Chapters: I. Introduction, II. Of Natural law (referring to his "Theologico-Political Treatise"), III. Of the Right of Supreme Authorities, IV. Of the Function of Supreme Authorities, V. Of best State of Dominion, VI. to VII. Of Monarchy, VIII. to X. Of Aristocracy, XI. Of Democracy. 
As in Aristotle's "Politics", Spinoza analyzes each form of government: monarchy, aristocracy, and democracy without affirming which of these is the best. Unlike Aristotle, Spinoza argued on democracy at the last Chapter not as "rule of majority", but freedom for all by the natural law. Although he affirms that women are not equal to men in ability, and addresses the danger of Amazons, he suggests the commonwealth could possibly be governed by both sexes.
This paper characterises the notion of peace in Chapter V, section 4; affirming that "Peace is not mere absence of war, but is a virtue that springs from force of character." In the same Chapter, section 7 Niccolò Machiavelli is referred to, stating the prince "should establish and maintain dominion but with what design can hardly be sure". 

</doc>
<doc id="31148411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31148411" title="Mal, Verve, Black &amp; Blue">
Mal, Verve, Black &amp; Blue

Mal, Verve, Black & Blue is a live album by jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in 1994 and released on the German Tutu label.

</doc>
<doc id="31148426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31148426" title="Steam World">
Steam World

Steam World is an English railway magazine covering steam locomotives. It is published monthly by "Steam World Publishing".

</doc>
<doc id="31148452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31148452" title="Ken Ring (writer)">
Ken Ring (writer)

Ken Ring is a writer from Auckland, New Zealand, who asserts that he can use lunar cycles to predict weather and earthquakes. He terms his predictions "alternative weather" and has authored books about the weather and climate. Ring publishes almanacs each year for New Zealand, Australia and Ireland in which he provides weather predictions for the entire year. His New Zealand almanac covers 64 towns. Ring's methods are not supported by mainstream science and have been criticised by scientists.
Ring says he predicted the 4 September 2010 Christchurch earthquake and the deadly 22 February 2011 Christchurch earthquake. He also said there would probably be an earthquake in Marlborough or north Canterbury "just before noon" on 20 March 2011. This caused some residents to leave Christchurch and led to criticism from scientists and sceptics. 
Mathman.
Ken Ring has been a mathematics teacher, musician, actor, clown, speech therapist, private tutor to children with learning difficulties, teacher of English as a second language, and part-time teacher's college lecturer. He has used magic to teach children about mathematics, performing under the name "Mathman", and has written books on mathematics, magic, teaching and music. He also co-wrote a book on reading cats' paws, which he says was a joke.
Predicting weather.
Ring is known for predicting weather and authors books on "how the moon affects the weather", which include an almanac each year for New Zealand (since 1999), Australia (since 2006) and Ireland (since 2010). He believes that the cycle of weather follows a lunar pattern and can be used to predict weather many years in advance. The lunar cycle occurs every 9 years, while the solar cycle repeats at 11 year intervals and by assessing the two Ring believes that the weather recycles though a 355-day cycle, a 19-year cycle, and a 36-year cycle. According to his website it is not an exact science and is opinion-based similar to economics or political science and his rainfall predictions can be out by 24 hours and a radius of .
His New Zealand almanac covers 64 towns. He also writes columns for farming and fishing publications and is an on-call weather reporter for Channel 7's Today Tonight show. He says he has provided forecasts for specific events including the Melbourne Cup, Ellerslie Flower Show and the Auckland Santa Parade. Ring speaks at various business and media events and has produced long range weather predictions for the Gisborne City Council through to 2020.
He terms his predictions "alternative weather" and they are not supported by mainstream science. Author of the New Zealand Weather Book and MetService employee Erick Brenstrum, wrote a column in the New Zealand Geographic analysing his 2005 predictions. He compared two weather systems (the northwest winds that bring rain to the west coast and lows that bring rain to the east coast) and has stated that out of 40 occurrences only 1 matched with Ring's predictions. Ken replied accusing Brenstrum of bullying and insists he has proof of an 85 percent success rate, to which the editor responded with: "...once you publish a book, you're fair game for public scrutiny of its content and your own competence." Retired schoolteacher and amateur astronomer Bill Keir believes Ring makes a genuine attempt at scientific discourse, but doesn't completely understand the science or changes it to fit with his own theories. Keir published articles in the Auckland Astronomical Society journal that examine and critique Ring's theories.
Ring says that a former client and member of the All Blacks management approached him in 2007 for forecasts on days when the team was playing, reportedly to aid in team selections. Ian Ferguson a former Olympian and now an events organiser says he consults with Ring before any big event and has never had to cancel. Ken uses similar methods (moons position and phase) to predict when fish will bite, publishing his predictions in the NZ Fishing World magazine. Ring denies global warming, stating that it is a "motivated power grab by politicians and the far left" and "full of bad science". During the launch of his 2008 almanac he said that "we have a responsibility to create global warming" as "life likes warmth".
Earthquake prediction.
Ring predicts earthquakes based on the position of the moon. On his website he says that when the moon (in particular the new moon) is at perigee (closest to the earth) it may affect the Earth's mantle and alter the magnetic field. It may also draw the Van Allen Belt closer, attracting radioactively charged particles towards Earth. Ring believes this combination may be responsible for earthquakes and volcanoes. Ring has predicted 221 days of increased earthquake risk for New Zealand in 2011 and more than half of the time between the start of January and the end of March as earthquake risk.
On his weekly Radio Waatea broadcast on 3 September 2010 he said "you’ll be reading about floods and winds and earthquakes and snow over the next week or so, particularly the South Island". Early the next morning a 7.1 magnitude earthquake struck Christchurch.
On 7 September 2010 he wrote on his website that there would "probably be an east/west faultline event" in Marlborough or north Canterbury "just before noon" on 20 March 2011. The next day he wrote on Twitter, "The Christchurch earthquake was predictable. And there's another coming in 6 months." He directed readers to his website to find out just when it would be. Another two days later in a Radio Live interview, he told Marcus Lush that "the next one" would be "round about lunchtime on the 20th of March" and that "the South Island is going to be right in the firing line".
On 14 February 2011 Ring tweeted "Potential earthquake time for the planet between 15th–25th, especially 18th for Christchurch, +/- about 3 days." A deadly 6.3 magnitude aftershock struck Christchurch on 22 February.
Following the earthquakes Ring received a lot of media attention. John Campbell interviewed Ring on "Campbell Live" on 28 February and was criticised for being arrogant and not giving Ring a fair chance to speak. Campbell later apologised, but his interview may have unintentionally generated sympathy for Ring. Prior to 20 March 2011, Cabinet minister Nick Smith, who has a PhD in geotechnical engineering, said Ring's predictions were "reckless and irresponsible" and suggested that Ring should be "held to account for his predictions of a further earthquake in Christchurch". Smith added that "the last thing needed by thousands of traumatised people in Canterbury, including elderly and children, is junk science and made-up predictions of future major quakes." Smith described Ring as "scaremongering" and attended a lunch on 20 March at the Sign of the Kiwi, close to the epicentre of the 22 February earthquake, organised by the New Zealand Skeptics organisation. After the widespread death and destruction caused by the earlier earthquakes counsellors say his prediction for 20 March terrified "even the most rational" of people. 18 March had been made a special public holiday for Christchurch, and some residents left the city for the three-day weekend of 18–20 March, citing a mix of doubt and concern over the prediction, as well as wishing to have a break from the aftershocks and to take advantage of the long weekend. A 5.1 magnitude aftershock occurred at 9:47 pm (NZDT) on 20 March, and according to his supporters validated Ring's prediction. Scientists contend there is no link with Ring's predictions, and with a quake measuring 5 or higher occurring once every 11 days since 4 September, it was within the range expected in the ongoing aftershock pattern.
David Winter, a PhD student in evolutionary genetics, analysed Ring's predictions and noted that the moon only explains a 2% variation in earthquake activity and wrote that cognitive and hindsight bias are possible reasons for so many people believing his predictions. New Zealand's TV3 news channel says they have not been able to "find a single scientist, geologist or seismologist which believes in Ken Ring's theories". Alison Campbell, a lecturer in science education at the University of Waikato, criticised Ring's predictions for "imprecision", "inconsistencies", and being "vaguely worded", and described Ring as "hedging his bets."

</doc>
<doc id="31148473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31148473" title="Transsaccadic memory">
Transsaccadic memory

Transsaccadic memory is the neural process that allows humans to perceive their surroundings as a seamless, unified image despite rapid changes in fixation points. The human eyes move rapidly and repeatedly, focusing on a single point for only a short period of time before moving to the next point. These rapid eye movements are called saccades. If a video camera were to perform such high speed changes in focal points, the image on screen would be a blurry, nauseating mess. Despite this rapidly changing input to the visual system, the normal experience is of a stable visual world; an example of perceptual constancy. Transsaccadic memory is a system that contributes to this stability.
Transsaccadic memory is a relatively new topic of interest in the field of psychology. Conflicting views and theories have spurred several types of experiments intended to explain transsaccadic memory and the neural mechanisms involved.
Theories.
Saccade target theory.
Currie and McConkie’s saccade target theory is similar to research by Schneider who came up with a similar “reference object theory”. Both theories hypothesize that each saccade is preceded by processes in the visual system that chose an object as the target for the next fixation point. The object is usually located in peripheral vision. The object's features are stored as a mental representation in transsaccadic memory for identification of future fixations. These target features are searched for by the visual system when the eye lands on its fixation point, and the physical features are compared to the mental representation of the target object. The theory assumes that visual stability is attained when these processes are successful (when the visual stimuli and the mental representation of the target object match). This process occurs before each saccade. Experiments performed by Currie to support the role of a saccadic target in transsaccadic memory show two things. There is a limited peripheral area where a saccadic target exists, and attention is vital in recollection of items in the target area. The experiments involved recalling changes to an image that occurred in the peripheral area. Irwin performed similar experiments in which participants recalled letters that occurred near the target area. Due to confounding factors of the controlled environment in the studies, the involvement of saccade target objects is inferred and not established.
Spatiotopic fusion hypothesis.
Many radical views of transsaccadic memory exist. Some are favoured more than others because of the evidence that supports them. One less accepted theory, Breitmeyer's spatiotopic fusion hypothesis, suggested that successive images are fused based on environmental coordinates and not retinal ones. In other words, our memory stores a sequence of images from our surroundings and joins the images together to give us a full representation in our brain. The orientation of our retinas do not have an influence on this form of memory. This theoretical form of memory supposedly stores highly detailed representations of the world in a high capacity spatial buffer. Research and experiments by other psychologists provide empirical evidence against these claims.
Dennett.
Daniel Dennett argued that the way we think we are seeing the world is for the most part, an illusion. Part of Dennett’s argument is the claim that each of us possess what he calls a “"Cartesian Theater",” in which we believe there is a full representation of the visual world in our mind and that there is a place in the mind where it is observed. None of this exists according to Dennett. Instead, the only place where a full and rich representation exists is directly on the fovea, and every time a saccade occurs, the information is overwritten. Therefore, there is no such thing as transsaccadic memory. Information previously lost only appears to be retained in visual memory because we can look again. In this way, the outside world acts as a visual memory. Since our eyes are constantly moving, we are not aware that visual inputs are constantly being refreshed to give the illusion of the completed picture we think we are seeing. 
Dennett makes an important distinction between the presence of representation, and the representation of presence. The example he gives regarding this distinction is this: if you were to walk into a room covered in identical portraits of Marilyn Monroe, you would see that there are many of them, but you would not really be seeing them all at once. There would be no detailed representation of each individual portrait just the knowledge that they are present. Dennet’s theory raises two relevant questions: 1)How does the visual system detect change in the environment? 2) How much information is retained in each saccade? The proposed answer to these questions lies in several mechanisms that support a high sensitivity to change in each visual fixation. These mechanisms are: retinal adaptation, “pop out” systems, and motion detectors. The implication of this view is that little information is needed to be retained between each saccade.
Irwin.
Irwin’s conclusion regarding transsaccadic memory is that there are no separate mechanisms, but rather, it is the same as short term visual memory. Irwin’s experiments showed that people cannot fuse pre-saccadic and post-saccadic images in successive fixations. These results are evidence against spatiotopic fusion. According to Irwin, there is no transsaccadic buffer that holds visual information from one fixation point to the next. Also, transaccadic memory does not hold detailed spatial information, but a more abstract representation. Irwin describes transaccadic memory as an undetailed, limited capacity memory that is relatively long lasting.
Features.
Visual short term memory.
Many statements have been made concerning the relationship between transsaccadic memory and visual short term memory. Researchers have noted several similar characteristics between the two system, leading several to believe that transsaccadic memory is in fact visual short term memory or a part of visual short term memory. Transsaccadic memory has a limited capacity of three to four items, a slow decay rate and maskable characteristics. Basically, transsaccadic memory can hold three to four items for each saccade, and the retention of items decays or disappears from conscious slowly after the presentation of the stimulus. However, once a mask stimulus, such as a blank screen, is presented immediately after the stimulus, the items retained prior to the mask can be replaced and/or eliminated faster by the mask. All of these factors are typical characteristics of visual short term memory. The content stored in transsaccadic memory are less-image like, more abstract and are sparse representations of the objects, which is found to be similar to the type of representations in visual short term memory. Transsaccadic memory is different from visual short term memory in that it takes into account the changes of the target’s location due to the eye moving to new saccades. The information retained between saccades do not take into account positional information very well. Nevertheless, relational and identity information are well retained. Prime and colleagues (2006) hypothesize, transsaccadic memory utilizes egocentric mechanisms, like selective attention, to reduce the visual search of the target and allow for spatial information between saccades to be retained and updated by incorporation of information across saccades.
Attention.
Transsaccadic memory is characterized by the integration of information gathered prior to the execution of a saccade (pre-saccadic) and information gathered after the saccade (post-saccadic stimuli. This involves attention, locating the targets necessary to perform a saccade and continuous updates of the environmental information. Attention occurs prior to the movement of the eyes, therefore it has a strong influence on the location of the saccade, what information is being encoded, remembered across saccades and stored into transsaccadic memory. In order to perform a successful and accurate saccade an individual is required to make an attentional shift to the saccadic target. This attentional shift causes the encoding of information to occur near the saccade target location. Attention to the target of the saccade results in better object identification and an increase in accuracy of identification. As well as, improvement in coding of locational information. Attention is restricted to one saccade target per area. It is impossible to keep attention on a target in one area, while performing another saccade simultaneously in another. This will cause prolonged saccadic latency periods (the time it takes to make a saccade from one area to another) and increased reaction times. However, attention can be distributed around the saccade target, rather than the precise location that will fall on the fovea, allowing for the detection of one or two objects situated around the saccadic target. Kowler (1995) proposed two models to explain the relationship between attention, saccades and transsaccadic memory. The spatial model, states that attention is distributed among the perceptual site (visual field) and the saccadic target during the latency period, which allows for the identification of the saccadic target and object surrounding that area. The temporal model states that attention determines where the saccade will occur and releases a “go” signal to initiate a saccade within that area.
Space constancy.
Saccadic suppression is responsible for maintaining a continuous, stable, visual world by reducing visual sensitivity to events occurring before, during and after a saccade. The more complex the background on which the stimulus is presented, the larger the suppression. The increase in saccadic suppression can lead to a decrease in detection of change in the visual field. Saccadic suppression can be linked to the phenomenon of change blindness, in which individuals lack the ability to detect small or large changes within an environment without the aid of directed attention. There are two types of saccadic suppression, with the first concerning the detection of light spot flashes during saccades. The lower the spatial frequency, meaning less objects in the visual field, of the light flashes the stronger the saccadic suppression. With a less number of items in the visual field it is easier for saccadic suppression to occur. The higher the spatial frequency, which involves more complex objects within the visual field, the less likely there will be saccadic suppression. The second type concerns the detection of image displacement or a change in an image during eye movement. A displacement between saccades would not be detected because the movement of the eye eliminates the signal for the detection of the displacement. The location of the target forms an image feature that is used by the visual system to establish space constancy, which maintains the location of an object in space. Target blanking is used to study visual stability, space constancy and the content of information transferred across saccades. Blanking a target after a saccade eliminates an attempt to make a second saccade, resulting in the visual system failing to find the target information. Stability and constancy across the saccades is broken, as a result, image displacements become easier to detect when blanking occurs during or right after the saccade.
Neural Structures.
Superior colliculus.
A neural structure located behind the lateral geniculate nucleus that is understood to control eye movements. In particular, the deeper layers of the superior colliculus, known as lamina VI and VII, have been found to be involved in initiating and executing saccadic eye movements, which includes the desired speed and direction of the saccade. The cells in these layers are organized in a way that forms a map of the visual field. They are organized according to what direction each cell moves the eye. It has been found that activation of specific cells is directed by where objects in the environment are located in the visual field. Once a new object is detected, the cells that fire the strongest to stimuli within this specific area of the visual field will fire, causing the eyes to move and focus on this object. Although the superior colliculus may not be directly related to memory for objects across saccades, it is directly related to the control of saccades and selection of fixation targets.
V4.
This is an area within the visual cortex that has been found to play an important role in the target selection of saccades. In other words, this area is important for determining which objects our eyes shift to when they move. Studies have shown that there is a large amount of activation within the visual area V4 before the saccade even takes place. This occurs in the form of shrinking receptive fields. The receptive fields of these brain cells tend to shift towards the object that the eye is about to move towards, generally more so if the object is close to the original fixation point. This dynamic change in receptive fields is thought to enhance the perception and recognition of objects in a visual scene. Because the receptive fields become smaller around the targeted objects, attention within the visual scene is very focused on these objects. Increased attention to target objects within a visual scene help direct eye movements from one object to another. Understanding of the visual scene becomes more efficient because these attention shifts guide the eyes towards relevant objects as opposed to objects that may not be as important.
Lateral intraparietal cortex.
The lateral intraparietal cortex (LIP) is an area that is believed to be primarily responsible for keeping an image fluid and undistorted during a saccade (visual/spatial constancy). Past work has shown that the LIP stores information of objects before the saccade (presaccadic), which is then followed by a shift in the receptive fields of the brain cells of this area to compensate for the displacement of the retina during a saccade. This shift in the receptive fields occurs nearly 80 ms before the saccade. The LIP uses quantitative spatial information in order to achieve this shift, which allows for the perception of visual and spatial constancy. The receptive fields of the LIP are quite large and therefore are not well suited to hold details about the perceived objects in the scene during a saccade. This is why objects may seem somewhat blurry during eye movements.
Posterior parietal cortex.
The posterior parietal cortex (PPC) is a cortical area that is located in front of the parieto-occipital sulcus and is known to play a role in spatial awareness for eye and arm movements. A study using transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) found that the PPC also plays an important role in the amount of information held across saccades. It is believed that transsaccadic memory has the ability to hold roughly three to four items across each saccade with a fully functional PPC. When the PPC is temporarily disrupted, especially the PPC of the right hemisphere, memory across saccades is significantly weakened. Disruption of the PPC leads to a reduction in the ability to store items from a span of three or four, to one item. Further research needs to be conducted in order to fully understand how the PPC is synthesized with object recognition within transsaccadic memory.
Experiments.
Random Dot pattern.
Irwin's early experiments tested participants ability to identify random dot patterns as the same, or as different across saccades. The control condition for this experiment presented dot patterns in the same spatial location without saccades, meaning participants had a single fixation point. A no-overlap control condition presented dot patterns in different spatial locations, while participants maintained fixation on one point. This tested the ability of visual short term memory in identifying two individual patterns. The experimental condition showed dot patterns in the same spatial location but were viewed at separate fixations, forcing the use of transsaccadic memory. For the experimental condition, participants underwent a calibration phase, where they were shown five points in separate location to fixate on individually, for less than two seconds. The next phase presented a single fixation point for less than two seconds, which was followed by a random dot pattern presented in a different location, acting as a saccade target. The dot pattern disappeared when the saccade was initiated. Another dot pattern then appeared in the same location. Participants had to identify whether the two patterns were the same or different. 
Results of the experiment showed performance of the experimental condition to be slightly less accurate than the no-overlap condition. Irwin attributed this decrease in accuracy to the extra neural processes involved in performing an eye movement, combined with processing the dot pattern. He concluded from this that transsaccadic memory does exist, but that it is very similar if not identical to short term visual memory and less similar to sensory memory.
Saccade target experiment.
The next step for Irwin was to determine if transsaccadic memory is tied to spatial position. He performed experiments using dot patterns and later, performed the same type of experiment alongside Currie and McConkie in their efforts to prove the saccade target hypothesis. In those experiments, the researchers used a picture instead of dot patterns. Participants in the experimental condition were given an initial eye position, followed by a saccade target position on the picture. Unlike Irwin’s first experiment, where the pattern did not change spatial location during the saccade, the picture underwent one of three shift conditions: All shift down, target object shift down, or background shift up. Detection of change ended up being much higher when only the target object moved compared to when the entire image shifted. This demonstrated the importance of the target object in detection of image displacements.
Drawing Attention to an Eccentric Target.
Kowler and colleagues were among many to test the relationship between attention and saccades. In one of their first experiments they hypothesized that the initiation of saccades required a signal that would determine which point in space would be the target for the saccade. They questioned whether the signal was attributed to attention or if saccades held their own independent filter. If attention was what decided the location of the target then the saccade latency period would be longer for saccades made away from the target. Additional time would be required to shift attention away from the false target to the correct target. The apparatus was constructed of eight letters arranged around the perimeter of a circle with a cross fixated at the center. Three frames were presented at each trial, the first called the pre-mask held eight letters for 500 ms, the second, labeled critical frame contained seven characters and a numerical (0-9) saccade target and was held for 200 ms. The last frame, post-mask, contained all of the letters. Each trial the identity of the letters, numerical saccade target and the location of the numerical saccade target were chosen at random and blind to the participants. Participants focused on the cross fixation and pressed a button at the start of the trial. After 100 ms a sequence of the three frames were presented, participants were then instructed to make a saccade to either the numerical saccade target or to an opposite character. Once the saccade target was identified participants pressed a button. Results supported the hypothesis, showing that directed attention towards the saccade target made the target easier to identify, decreased latency period and improved on accuracy.
Transsaccadic memory of multiple objects.
Prime, Crawford and Vesia (2008) performed an experiment using a TMS in order to understand what structure or structures play a role in transsaccadic memory. It was found that transsaccadic memory was disrupted when TMS stimulation was delivered to the right posterior parietal cortex (rPPC) around the time of a saccade. Prime et al. hypothesized that TMS interfered with the normal spatial remapping operations of the rPPC, in particular the parietal eye fields, that occur during a saccade.

</doc>
<doc id="31148474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31148474" title="Arthur Karpus">
Arthur Karpus

Arthur Joe Karpus (January 16, 1898 – March 1983) was an American football, basketball and baseball player. He attended the University of Michigan from 1917 to 1923, winning a total of seven varsity letters, three in basketball, three in baseball and one in football. He played for Big Ten Conference championship teams in football (1918), baseball (1919) and basketball (1921). He was captain of the 1920–21 Michigan Wolverines men's basketball team that won the school's first conference championship in basketball. He was Michigan's leading scorer in basketball during both his junior and senior seasons. Karpus later played three years of minor league baseball from 1921 to 1923. After graduating from Michigan, Karpus worked as a mechanical engineer. He was employed by the Michigan State Highway Commission from approximately 1937 until his retirement in 1967.
Early years.
Karpus was born in 1898 and raised in Bay City and Grayling, Michigan. His father, Stephen Karpus, emigrated to the United States in 1889 and worked as a sawmill hand in Bay City. His mother, Helen (Kitze) Karpus was also an immigrant. In 1900, Karpus was living in Bay City with his parents and three older sisters.
University of Michigan.
Karpus enrolled at the University of Michigan where he played for the football, basketball and baseball teams. As a freshman in 1917, he played at the end position for Michigan's all-freshman football team.
As a sophomore during the 1918–19 academic year, Karpus lettered in football, basketball, and baseball. He played at the end and halfback positions for the undefeated 1918 Michigan Wolverines football team that won the Big Ten Conference and national championships. He also played center for the 1919 basketball team. In February 1919, he made a basket in the second overtime period to give Michigan a 19–17 win over Michigan Agricultural College (now Michigan State). He also scored 13 of Michigan's points in a 38–20 win over Ohio State later that same month. He also played third base for the undefeated 1919 baseball team that won the Big Ten Conference championship.
As a junior during the 1919–20 academic year, Karpus was academically ineligible to play football in the fall. However, he again lettered in basketball and baseball. Playing at the forward position, he played in eight games, scoring 22 baskets from the floor and 31 free throws for a total of 75 points. At the end of the 1920 basketball season, Karpus was elected captain of the 1921 basketball team.
As a senior during the 1920–21 academic year, Karpus was once again declared academically ineligible in the fall. However, his eligibility was restored in December, allowing him to participate in most of the basketball season. Despite missing several games, Karpus, playing at the forward position, was the team's high scorer for the second straight year, and he led the team from a last place finish the prior year to a three-way tie for the Big Ten Conference basketball championship. The 1921 basketball team compiled a record of 16–4 and won both games against Michigan Agricultural for the first time in the history of the rivalry. In a summary of the 1921 basketball season, the University of Michigan yearbook praised Karpus' contributions:"In any consideration of the players on the 1921 Varsity, Captain Joe Karpus leads, because of his high scoring ability, and the spirit which he put into the team. Karpus was the leading scorer of the team, both this year and last. He also ranked high in the Conference. It was his foul shooting that pulled more than one game out of the fire, during 1921. His performance in the first Illinois game, when he threw nine fouls out of a possible eleven will stand out as one of the most brilliant individual records of the season. Karpus coupled to his basket shooting ability an uncanny knack at dribbling."
Karpus also played third base for the 1921 baseball team. The 1921 "Michiganensian" noted of Karpus: "When a hit was needed in a pinch, Coach Fisher could usually count on Joe who handled third base in a remarkable fashion. It was Karpus' third year on the Varsity."
Minor league baseball.
After graduating from Michigan, Karpus played minor league baseball in the Michigan-Ontario League for the Bay City Wolves in 1921, the Saginaw Aces in 1922 and the Kalamazoo Celery Pickers in 1923. He maintained a .326 batting average and a .439 slugging percentage in 37 games for the 1921 Bay City team.
Later years.
At the time of the 1930 Census, Karpus was living in Detroit, Michigan with his wife, Angeline "Angela" (Superzynski) Karpus. He listed his occupation at the time as mechanical engineer at a copper and brass manufacturer. From approximately 1937 to 1967, Karpus was employed by the Michigan State Highway Commission in Lansing, Michigan, the last 20 years as the Commissions's equipment manager. He retired in 1967.
Karpus died in 1983 at Bay City, Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="31148479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31148479" title="Honduras national under-23 football team">
Honduras national under-23 football team

The Honduras national under-23 football team represents Honduras in international football competitions (final stage and qualifiers) in Olympic Games, as well as in under–23 football tournaments. The selection is limited to players under the age of 23, except three over-age players. The team is controlled by the Federación Nacional Autónoma de Fútbol de Honduras (FENAFUTH). Honduras have qualified for three Men's Olympic Football Tournament, in Sydney 2000, Beijing 2008 and London 2012.
Current squad.
The following players were called up for the 2012 Summer Olympics
! colspan="9" bgcolor="#B0D3FB" align="left" |
! colspan="9" bgcolor="#B0D3FB" align="left" |
! colspan="9" bgcolor="#B0D3FB" align="left" |
List of coaches.
List of managers since 1975 to present:

</doc>
<doc id="31148481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31148481" title="Out of the Ordinary Festival">
Out of the Ordinary Festival

Out of the Ordinary Festival is a family and eco friendly festival near Hailsham (Grid reference TQ 569 088) in the Sussex countryside. The festival celebrates the Autumn Equinox in England. It features a variety of live music, talks and workshops, performances, activities for children with green and ethical businesses, many powered by solar panels and wind generators. It originally started out as a development of The Antiquarian Society in Brighton. The annual festival takes place in England for three days in the Autumn and now has a capacity of 5,000 people. The festival's home for the last four years has been Knockhatch Park, a setting which comprises an ex-landfill site (Arlington Landfill Site, near Hailsham- Grid reference TQ 569 088) in Hailsham, Sussex.
Festival details.
The Out of the Ordinary business was started by Stuart Mason, his partner Emily & friend Jim Mitchell in 2007 on the Sussex Downs near the vale of the Long Man of Wilmington. The Festival has recently (Sept 2011) relocated to a new field, a beautiful tree lined organic pasture backing on to ancient woodland.
Workshops and talks include such topics as prehistoric culture, ancient knowledge and earth mysteries. This has included yoga, meditation, alternative healing and the chance to use a variety of telescopes, a planetarium and laser guided tours of the constellations. Notable speakers include Professor Gordon Hillman, Jonathan Cainer, Andy Thomas, Edmund Marriage, Leo Rutherford and Robert Bauval.
The festival was divided into seven areas named after each of the seven chakras. The music area was appropriately named the throat chakra with two stages; the Ootopia and Peace Stage, as well as an indoor bar and the Conscious Cabaret. In 2011 the site will feature a new, simplified layout comprising the four elements, though still paying tribute to the seven chakras that define its inner workings. The festival features an eclectic mix of music ranging from Folk to Reggae and Electronic and DJs. Sussex Downs College co-sponsored a solar-powered music stage at the festival in 2010.
Music.
Out of the Ordinary Festival has featured many acts that are well known in the alternative scene. Some notable performers include:

</doc>
<doc id="31148484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31148484" title="Waddle, Pennsylvania">
Waddle, Pennsylvania

Waddle is a populated place in Patton Township, Centre County, Pennsylvania, about 3 miles northwest of State College, and located on Buffalo Run Road (Route 550).

</doc>
<doc id="31148500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31148500" title="Forever Jones">
Forever Jones

Forever Jones (usually stylized as forever JONES) is a Christian gospel group formed by husband and wife DeWitt and Kim Jones and their five children.
Band history.
Husband and wife DeWitt and Kim Jones grew up in Washington and came from musical backgrounds in their families. They had been writing songs since the 90s. DeWitt enjoyed some success as a songwriter when singer Ron Kenoly recorded DeWitt's song "Use Me" for the 1994 album "God Is Able". The song has since become a staple in many churches and has been covered several times, most notably by the Grammy-winning Brooklyn Tabernacle Choir.
DeWitt says that God gave him a "specific call" one time to start the group. Forever Jones was then formed with their five children: D'Jeniele, DeWitt, Judah, Dominique, and Mya Joy Grace. The Jones family's manager and friend was singer/producer Jeoffrey Benward. He then introduced them to writer/producer Tommy Sims, who agreed to produce their debut album. The album "Get Ready" was released on 2010 receiving favorable critics.
In 2011, the band received three Dove Award nominations for New Artist of the Year, Contemporary Gospel Album of the Year, and Contemporary Recorded Song of the Year at the 42nd GMA Dove Awards. They were also nominated for two Grammy Awards at the 53rd Grammy Awards: Best Contemporary R&B Gospel Album and Best Gospel Performance.
The family currently lives in Shreveport, Louisiana where they minister at the Shreveport Community Church.

</doc>
<doc id="31148509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31148509" title="Hot Stove">
Hot Stove

Hot Stove is an offseason baseball talk show that airs on MLB Network and is simulcast on MLB Network Radio. The show offers the coverage of offseason activities including trades, free agent signings, and rumors. It is taped live in "Studio K" of the MLB Network studios in Secaucus, New Jersey. Prior to its restructure to a talk show in 2012, it replaced "MLB Tonight" as the signature show of the network during the off season. As such it was taped live in Studio 3, but also featured segments taped in Studio 42. The program airs from after the World Series and before spring training.
"Hot Stove" Awards.
On February 25, 2011 during the final segment of the final edition of "Hot Stove" of the season, the first-ever "Hot Stove" Awards was given according to the best animated features, best original screenplays, and best pictures.

</doc>
<doc id="31148511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31148511" title="How R U Doin?">
How R U Doin?

"How R U Doin?" is a song by Danish-Norwegian pop group Aqua from their third studio album, "Megalomania". It was released as the album's lead single on 14 March 2011. The song peaked at number four in Denmark, becoming the group's tenth top-ten single. It has since been certified gold by the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry (IFPI) for sales of 15,000 copies.
Background and composition.
On 9 March 2011 Aqua posted the single artwork to "How R U Doin?" on their Facebook page with the date "14.03.2011".
The Europop song was written by Søren Rasted, Claus Norreen, and Thomas Troelsen. The song serves as the first single from their upcoming third studio album which is set to be released on 3 October 2011.
Music video.
The music video starts off with Søren, René, Lene, and Claus walking towards the camera with the words 'How R U Doin?' appearing on-screen in-beat with the music. René and Lene are then driving white trucks throughout a dirty, post-apocalyptic environment with Søren and Claus as passengers, respectively. After doing jumps, maneuvering through explosions, and crashing into various objects, the group walks away from the trucks - away from the camera - with the words 'How R U Doin?' appearing on-screen one last time.

</doc>
<doc id="31148530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31148530" title="Real-estate lock box">
Real-estate lock box

A real-estate lock box is a padlock-shaped box that hangs around the doorknob of a house that is on the market. The device holds the keys to a house to allow communal access for all real estate agents, while continuing to keep them secure. Permission is generally required from the seller, who is the owner, to install such a device on the door.
Real estate lock boxes are secured either with a manual key, a security code, or a swipe card. High-tech versions of this device allow homeowners to know when the home has been accessed.

</doc>
<doc id="31148540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31148540" title="Kotiteollisuus (album)">
Kotiteollisuus (album)

Kotiteollisuus is the self-titled album of the Finnish heavy metal band Kotiteollisuus, their 11th. Released on 2 March 2011, it debuted at number one on the Finnish Albums Chart.
"Soitellen sotaan" the first single from the album was prereleased on 24 January 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31148562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31148562" title="List of Hawkeye characters">
List of Hawkeye characters

A list of characters to appear in the solo appearances of the Marvel Comics superhero Hawkeye.

</doc>
<doc id="31148638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31148638" title="Charles Matinga">
Charles Matinga

Charles Jameson Matinga MBE was a politician in Nyasaland before the colony obtained independence from the British.
He was elected President-General of the Nyasaland African Congress in 1945, after the death of Levi Zililo Mumba.
In 1950 he was thrown out of office. Later he formed a pro-government party. After Malawi achieved independence in 1963 he was forced into exile.
Background.
Charles Matinga had a long career in the civil service, based in Blantyre, and ran a brick-making business on the side. He was a member of the Free Church of Scotland Mission and an active member of the Blantyre Native Association.
In a 1943 speech, Matinga praised the earlier missionaries who had come to the country before 1914 and worked to help Africans advance, but said that later arrivals had brought racist ideas and prejudices and had failed to promote African interests.
He also strongly criticised the administration for failing to meet African demands for advancement. However, he continued to believe in working within the system to improve it rather than in rebellion against the system.
NAC leader.
Africans had been represented in the Protectorate of Nyasaland by the Native Administration of chiefs and headmen, and by local Native Associations. The Nyasaland African Congress (NAC), formed in 1943/1944 was the first organization that attempted to work at a national level.
Charles Matinga was elected first Vice-President of the Congress at the first general meeting in October 1944, with Levi Mumba being elected President-General.
Charles Wesley Mlanga, editor of the Blantyre newspaper "Zo-Ona", was elected Secretary General and James Dixon Phiri, a clerk in the Public Works Department, was elected assistant secretary-general.
When Mumba died in January 1945, Matinga was elected to succeed him as President, with the Reverend Charles Chinula as Vice-President.
Matinga surprised the government by raising the issue of land grievances, and demanding African majority representation on the Legislative Council and other administrative bodies.
Dr. Hastings Banda, who had a practice in London at the time, was a supporter of Congress. Banda wrote to Matinga in March 1945 saying that he would support the Congress in England by giving lectures and talking to influential people whom he knew such as Sir Arthur Creech Jones and Rita Hinden. He asked that Matinga keep him informed of events in Nyasaland so they could work together to the common goal. However, according to Banda, Matinga was determined to go his own way and even refused an offer by Banda to pay for a permanent organizer for the Congress. Possible Matinga saw Banda as a potential rival.
In the 1930s the concept of a Federation of the colonies of Southern Rhodesia, Northern Rhodesia and Nyasaland had been proposed, and the idea gained increased support in the 1940s among the colonial administrators. This was seen as a betrayal by NAC leaders such as Matinga and James Frederick Sangala, who thought the Colonial Office was discarding the principle that African interests were paramount, instead favoring White colonists.
After federation was discussed in more detail at the second Victoria Falls conference in 1949, Matinga wrote Banda in London asking for support in fighting federalism.
The NAC decided to send a delegation to London to meet the Colonial Secretary and discuss provisions for educating Africans in Nyasaland, and by May 1947 had raised enough funds to send two members, Matinga and the Vice-President Charles Chinula. In London they would be joined by Hastings Banda. In November 1947 they were told that the Secretary of State would receive them. Matinga left for Cape Town to take the ship to the United Kingdom, but took the Secretary General of Congress, Andrew Mponda, rather than Chinula.
The party met with Arthur Creech Jones, now the Labour Party's Secretary of State, and gained agreement on the importance of secondary education. This led to establishment of a new secondary school at Dedza in 1951.
It was also agreed to establish a teachers training college as Domasi.
Matinga's action in taking his protégé Mponda with him rather than Chinula caused widespread anger among the NAC members, compounded by accusations that Matinga had misused NAC funds on the trip, and by Matinga's failure to attend NAC meetings and report on the trip after he had returned. Sangala managed to prevent police action regarding the funds. But Matinga did not report to Congress until the spring of 1949, and then gave only a verbal summary.
When the delegates asked for a full written report, Matinga walked out. The NAC was no longer an effective organization.
Under pressure from Congress delegates, Sangala (who had been one of the original prime movers in organizing the NAC), called a conference on 1 January 1950. Matinga surprised everyone by attending and chairing the first session of the meeting. However, the meeting resolved to dismiss him for abuse of funds. Sangala was forced into desperate efforts to recreate the Congress, arranging a session in August 1950 at which he was elected Vice President and James Chinyama became President.
Later career.
The Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland became a reality in 1953, against strong opposition from NAC members, some of whom were arrested. 
Charles Matinga, Andrew Mponda and Orton Ching'oli Chirwa formed the Nyasaland Progressive Association, dedicated to working within the new reality of the federation.
Matinga became a Federal Member of Parliament.
In 1957 and early 1958 the Governor of Nyasaland, Sir Robert Armitage, was attempting to formulate a view of how to evolve the government of the protectorate which he could present to the Colonial Office when he went on leave to London.
In September he met with T.D.T. Banda and other NAC leaders who were pushing for an elected legislative council composed primarily of Africans. He met Charles Matinga's Progressive Party on 20 February 1958, and sensed that they did not feel Africans were ready to run the government, but wanted nominated representatives to work with the government. He summarised the views of Matinga's party as: "In other words they wanted a lot of friendly Africans and Europeans to collaborate with friendly officials. But, of course, politics cannot be this easily organized".
After independence in 1963, people felt bitterly about men such as Matinda who they felt were traitors for having supported the colonial rulers during the struggle for independence.
Matinga left Nyasaland and settled in Southern Rhodesia.
In 1973, the exiled "Capricorns" who had sided with white-led pro-federation parties - Matinga, Matthews Phiri and Manoah Chirwa - asked President Hastings Banda to be allowed to return to Malawi. Banda asked delegates at the annual MCP convention what they thought about the request. However, he became furious with some who proposed allowing their return, and accused them of sympathy with rebels.
Later Personal Life.
Charles Matinga continued to work in the Scottish Presbyterian Church in what was then Southern Rhodesia, now called Zimbabwe. 
He was survived by two daughters and several grandchildren, some of whom still carry his surname and legacy in Malawi, Zimbabwe and Australia.
References.
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="31148640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31148640" title="Trams in Budapest">
Trams in Budapest

The Budapest tramway network () is part of the public transport system of Budapest, the capital city of Hungary. The tram network serves as the backbone of the transit system, carrying almost 100 million more passengers annually than the Budapest Metro.
In operation since 1866, the Budapest tram network is one of world's largest tram networks, operating on of total route. , it was composed of 33 lines (26 main lines, and 7 supplemental lines denoted by an "A" after the route number), and the Budapest Cog-wheel Railway. The system is operated by the "Budapesti Közlekedési Vállalat" ("Budapest Transport Company") under the supervision of the larger "Budapesg Közlekedési Központ" ("Budapest Transit Center"). 
History.
The early days.
The first horse-tram line in Budapest was inaugurated on 30 July 1866 between Újpest-Városkapu and Kálvin tér, through Váci út. Over a year before, on 22 May 1865, the Count Sándor Károlyi founded the PKVT ("Pesti Közúti Vaspálya Társaság" (')). Horse tramlines in Buda proper soon followed, built by the competing Buda Public Road Rail Tracks Company (BKVT'"). 
By 1885, Budapest had as many as 15 horsecar lines but since it was obvious that the technology was obsolete. A steam-driven suburban railway line from Közvágóhíd (Slaughterhouse) to Soroksár, run by HÉV, was separately introduced in 1887; two more lines soon followed. 
Around this same time, Mór Balázs suggested that a new, electric tram system should be introduced to Budapest. It was Gábor Baross, then secretary of state at the Ministry of Community Service and Transportation who authorised the construction of the first test tram line between Nyugati railway station and Király utca. Balázs teamed up with Siemens & Halske and Lindheim és Társa and formed a new corporation: BVV ("Budapesti Városi Vasút" ("")). The construction works (carried out by Siemens & Halske) started on October 1, 1887 and the line was opened on November 28, 1887. The track gauge of this first line was 1000 millimeters and electricity was supplied to the cars from below to avoid cables hanging across the street.
The second step in the expansion of the system were two standard gauge lines: on July 20, 1889 the second line, which spanned from Egyetem tér to Fiumei út via Kálvin tér, was opened. It was designed so that in case of a power failure steam engines could tow the carriages. The third line, also standard gauge, was opened on September 10, 1889 and ran from the Hungarian Academy of Sciences to Andrássy út.
Even though not a tram line "per se", the first underground line in Continental Europe, the Millennium Underground Railway must also be noted. It was built using a cut-and-cover method between 1894 and 1896 and was first named FJFVV ("Ferenc József Földalatti Villamos Vasút" ("")) after emperor Franz Joseph. It used electric cars from the very beginning.
In the first years, tram had no numbers but coloured circular signals instead, for example, a simple red, green, blue or black disk; a red disk with a vertical white stripe or a cross; a white disk with a green 8-pointed green star, etc. This, of course, quickly became very cumbersome so around 1900, when there were already 30 lines, each line got a number – BVV, which was renamed to BVVV ("Budapesti Villamos Városi Vasút" (')) got the even numbers; odd numbers were assigned to a rival transport company, BKVT ("Budapesti Közúti Vaspálya Társaság" (')).
The dynamically growing network brought new companies: two of them served Újpest, the northern part of Pest, one Pestszentlőrinc, which then was a separate town, and one the southern part of Buda and the then-separate village Budafok. These companies were joined together in 1923 by the name BSZKRT ("Budapest Székesfővárosi Közlekedési Rt." ("")). It was during 1939-1944 that the most tram lines (66) existed in the city.
After World War II.
The siege of Budapest left the city with a crippled infrastructure: many houses were destroyed, as well as the bridges bombed, electric cables torn. It was of course of utmost importance to restore the transport network, however, many trams were destroyed either in the siege or in a depot fire that occurred in 1947. This might have been the cause that decisionmakers suggested that trolleybus lines should replace trams in the city centre. Along with cost considerations it is important to note that trolleybuses might be better suited for the downtown area than trams: they turn more easily and produce significantly less noise.
While some tram lines were abolished in favor of trolleybuses, the expansion of the system did not stop. Near Nyugati railway station a new junction of tram lines were built to transport people back and forth to the factories in Angyalföld and Újpest and line 33 through the newly built Árpád Bridge. Line 4 on the Buda side and the tracks on Nagy Lajos király útja were also extended around 1960. The reconstruction of Erzsébet Bridge in 1964 played a significant role in the revival of the tram network: five lines started using it after its opening.
In 1968 there were 83 tram lines in Budapest (10 of which night services) thus reaching the largest extent of the network since World War II, decline was imminent. This happened partly because of the replacement of tram lines with single track and old vehicles with autobuses but also due to the construction of underground lines M2 and M3 which – were then thought to – replace tram lines that used to run above them. In 1972 tram lines on Erzsébet Bridge and Rákóczi út were abolished, then until 1982 tram lines were removed along M3 as well thereby effectively erasing 40 km of rail tracks, around 20% of the Budapest tram network. Along with lines in the city centre, most of the lines in Újpest and some in the southern parts of Pest were demolished.
While many lines were closed down, a significant one was rising: tram 33 was shut down for the renovation of Árpád Bridge in 1981 but when the bridge was reopened, a new line was born on the eastern end of the outer ring road, Hungária körgyűrű, line 1. It has been under construction ever since with segments opened in 1984, 1987, 1990, 1993, 1995 and 2000 – the last one on the pest side of Rákóczi Bridge which was inaugurated in 1995 and was designed for the tram to cross it.
Present and future.
As of 2012, it seems that the local governments have shifted towards a more tram-friendly view: line 1 and 3 will be renovated and line 1 extended (mostly from EU funding); line 47 and 49 are planned to reach Nyugati tér once again as it used to be their final stop before M3 was opened. There is also a major project being planned to connect, extend, and develop the tram lines on the Buda side (providing longer lines and fewer transfers), which is held up by debate between the districts and the city.
Network.
, it was composed of 33 lines (26 main lines, and 7 supplemental lines denoted by an "A" after the route number), and the Budapest Cog-wheel Railway. Among these lines, only Line 6 offers non-stop service, most of the trams run between 5 am and 11 pm.
Abolished lines.
It is not always straightforward to decide whether a tram line still exists in Budapest since throughout the decades some numbers may have been carried by several lines (not at the same time though), so some numbers might have appeared and disappeared throughout time. Some lines were assigned new numbers so even though there is no line with that specific number, there is a line on exactly the same route. Of course, existing lines might have been lengthened or shortened, so this also makes hard to exactly define a tram line. Still, the following table tries to summarize these data – termini and dates refer to the last time the number was used.

</doc>
<doc id="31148663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31148663" title="Two New">
Two New

Two New is an album by jazz pianist Mal Waldron and baritone saxophonist George Haslam recorded in 1995 and released on the English Slam label. 
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Steve Loewy stated "there is a remarkable telepathy between the players, which translates to some delightful interaction between these two masters". 

</doc>
<doc id="31148761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31148761" title="Dheinsville, Wisconsin">
Dheinsville, Wisconsin

Dheinsville is an important historical settlement (modern-day neighborhood) in the village of Germantown, Wisconsin, Washington County, United States. Dheinsville is located at the intersection of Highway 167 (Holy Hill Road), State Highway 145, and Maple Road. Dheinsville was established in 1842 by the Philip Dhein family. The neighborhood contains original half-timber buildings (fachwerk), reflecting the building construction patterns of the early pioneers from the Hunsrück area of Germany. The Bast Bell Museum consists of log, quarried limestone, brick, and clapboard buildings dating from early settlement through the Victorian period.

</doc>
<doc id="31148765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31148765" title="Peter Opsvik">
Peter Opsvik

Peter Opsvik is a Norwegian industrial designer best known for his innovative and ergonomic chairs, and the father of Jazz bass player Eivind Opsvik. Opsvik’s furniture can be found under the brand names: Rybo (Garden), Nomi High Chair, Håg (Capisco, H04, H05, Conventio Wing), Varier (different Balans® chairs), Stokke (Tripp Trapp) Naturellement (Reflex), Cylindra (Furniture objects) and Moment (Globe).
His book Rethinking Sitting came out in 2009 giving insight into his thinking about sitting and explaining the philosophy behind his chairs. 
Peter Opsvik is also a jazz musician. He has been a member of Christiania Jazz band from 1972 and the band Christiania 12 from 1993.
Philosophy.
Peter Opsvik has worked from both ends of the spectrum of Scandinavian Design. At one end, rational and ergonomic aspects are in focus – taking care of the human body’s requirements, while at the other end of the spectrum the most important criterion is expression. With the rational, ergonomic products, Opsvik’s goal is to move the human body. With the other group of products, which he call "objects", his aim is to move the emotions.
Peter Opsvik has attempted to overcome stereotypical sitting habits with his unconventional seating solutions. In the 1970s many experts on ergonomics attempted to establish one correct sitting posture. Peter Opsvik’s contribution has been to create products that inspire variation between many different postures while using the same chair.
Opsvik questioned the notion of body support as a necessity for comfortable sitting by asking if freedom can be as important as support; freedom to move and find alternative sitting postures. Creating sitting solutions that inspire movement and variations of posture can be seen as a key factor in his work. He uses different concepts to achieve dynamic sitting. Common to them all is the fact that being in balance inspires movement as well as control.
According to Opsvik the feet are the ignored extremities of ergonomics. As our feet and legs have the responsibility for moving us in all situations it seemed natural for Opsvik to make sure that the chair respond to and is controlled by the feet.
Essential concepts.
His probably best known work is the adjustable Tripp Trapp (1972) chair for children, the first chair that “grows” with the child from toddler to teenager. It is manufactured by the company Stokke and has sold in more than seven million copies. In 2013 he launched the new high chair "Nomi" which is the result of his vision - designing the worlds best high chair. On his 75 years birthday (25th. march) it was announced that Nomi high chair has won the Red Dot awards "grand prix" - the "Red Dot - Best of best".
The saddle chair Håg Capisco was launched in the 1980s and inspired by the horseback rider’s dynamic posture. The goal, however, was to create a sitting device or work chair that would invite the user to assume the greatest number of sitting postures possible. In 2010 this design classic was made accessible for a wider audience when the Capisco Puls was launched.
A balancing tilt is highly advantageous since the user automatically controls the tilting movements of the chair without having to think about it. The user can concentrate on his/her activities and does not have to bother with mechanical regulation of the chair. The chair follows the natural inclinations of the body and automatically stabilises at the body’s selected sitting angles or at the angles that are required by the work task being done. The simplest way of verifying this is to try out one of his chairs in front of a work table during a normal working day. The chair tilts forward when the user want to be active at the table and tilts backwards if the user wants to relax or talk on the telephone. Often such variations occur many times per minute.
Hans Chr. Mengshoel initiated the concept of kneeling chair posture in Norway, and Peter Opsvik was one of three designers who developed chairs based on this principle that all had Balans in their names. The others were Oddvin Rykken, and prof. Svein Gusrud. Peter Opsvik’s kneeling chairs were originally manufactured by Stokke (now Varier), Håg and Rybo. With its iconic shape this chair has been voted one of 50 designs that changed the world.
As the name Variable indicates, it was of primary importance for Opsvik that the kneeling posture should be one of many different sitting postures.
Product examples are Variable Balans, Gravity Balans, Thatsit Balans, and Wing Balans.
Awards.
Peter Opsvik has been awarded a number of prizes for his work, most recently the Red Dot Award 2013 "Best of Best" for Nomi High chair, Red Dot award 2011 (for Capisco Puls), the IF Product Design gold award 2011 (for Capisco Puls) and the Norwegian Design of Excellence award 2011.
Opsvik was awarded The classic award for design excellence in Norway for the chairs Tripp Trapp in 1996 and Håg Capisco. In 2008 he was awarded Anders Jahre’s cultural award and the Nordic Design Award (Nordiska Designpriset). Opsvik has also received Torsten & Wanjas Söderbergs design award in Sweden for his pioneering, movable and variable furniture.
In 2013 Norsk Form (The Foundation for Design and Architecture in Norway) awarded Opsvik Jacob-prisen for 2012.
Exhibitions.
Peter Opsvik's furniture-objects have been exhibited around the world. Movement Peter Opsvik, a travelling exhibition initiated by the Norwegian Foreign Affairs, was exhibited at the Museum of Decorative Arts and Design (Gent) in 1999, Deutsches Museum (Munich), The Lighthouse (Glasgow) as well as among others Design Museum (London), Museum of Decorative Art and Design (Gothenburg) and the.
Some of his other exhibitions have been shown at:

</doc>
<doc id="31148793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31148793" title="Kite (Kate Bush song)">
Kite (Kate Bush song)

"Kite" is the fourth track from Kate Bush's 1978 album, "The Kick Inside". It was also the B-side to her first single, "Wuthering Heights", released on 6 January 1978.
Composition.
"Kite" features two modulations created through using the VII or subtonic as a pivot.

</doc>
<doc id="31148808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31148808" title="Kelly Mittelstadt">
Kelly Mittelstadt

Kelly Mittelstadt (born June 1, 1975 in Edmonton, Alberta) is a Canadian curler from Elmsdale, Nova Scotia. He currently plays lead for the Paul Flemming rink.
Career.
Mittelstadt grew up in Alberta where he played juniors. In 1994, he played third for Colin Davison's rink that won the Canadian Junior Curling Championships that year for Alberta. The team had defeated the Northwest Territories/Yukon team skipped by Kevin Koe in the final. At the 1994 World Junior Curling Championships, the team won a gold medal for Canada, defeated Germany's Daniel Herberg in the final. 
Mittelstadt later moved to Nova Scotia, and in 2004 joined the Shawn Adams rink as his lead. The team went to the 2005 Tim Hortons Brier where the lost in the final to Alberta's Randy Ferbey. They played in their second Brier in 2011 where they missed the playoffs. He joined Ian Fitzner-Leblanc's team after the season, and played in the 2012 Nova Scotia men's provincials, falling out in the page playoffs against Kent Smith's team. Mittelstadt played in the provincials next year, with Paul Flemming skipping and Fitzner-Leblanc throwing fourth stones, and won his third provincial title after defeating Jamie Murphy. They played at the 2013 Tim Hortons Brier, where they finished with a 1–10 win-loss record.
Personal life.
Mittelstadt has a bachelor's degree in commerce from the University of Alberta and a bachelor's degree in law from Dalhousie University. He currently works as a lawyer with Burchell MacDougall.

</doc>
<doc id="31148835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31148835" title="Member states of the Cooperation Council for the Arab States of the Gulf">
Member states of the Cooperation Council for the Arab States of the Gulf

There are six member states of the Cooperation Council for the Arab States of the Gulf (CCASG) or Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC).
Associated members.
The associate membership of Iraq in certain GCC-related institutions was discontinued after the invasion of Kuwait.
Yemen is () in negotiations for GCC membership, and hopes to join by 2016. The GCC has already approved Yemen's accession to the GCC Standardization Authority, Gulf Organization for Industrial Consulting (GOIC), GCC Auditing and Accounting Authority, Gulf Radio and TV Authority, The GCC Council of Health Ministers, The GCC Education and Training Bureau, The GCC Council of Labour & and Social Affairs Ministers, and The Gulf Cup Football Tournament. The Council issued directives that all the necessary legal measures be taken so that Yemen would have the same rights and obligations of GCC member states in those institutions.

</doc>
<doc id="31148852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31148852" title="Sotakoira">
Sotakoira

Sotakoira (trans. War Dog) is the 9th album of Finnish heavy metal/rock band Kotiteollisuus. The album made up of cover songs was released on 13 August 2008 and reached the #1 position in the Finnish Albums Chart
Tracklist.
The titles of songs are followed duration and name of original artists 

</doc>
<doc id="31148860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31148860" title="Rugby São Carlos">
Rugby São Carlos

Rugby São Carlos, is a Brazilian rugby team based in São Carlos, established in 2000.
History.
The first rugby team in São Carlos appeared in 1990, where some foreign fans of the sport arrived in the city. Finding new partners, thbey formed the first team called São Carlos Rugby Club. However, over the years interest fell and this team ceased to exist in the mid 1990s.
In 2000, again with the arrival of new fans of the sport in the city and some remnants of the first era, they created a new team now called the Rugby São Carlos, established as a sports association. The club has won the Campeonato Paulista do Interior, also known as Caipirão (state league) in 2006.
The Rugby São Carlos also contests rugby sevens and beach rugby tournaments.
Categories.
The club also runs a women's team and youth teams.

</doc>
<doc id="31148868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31148868" title="Peter Gross (judge)">
Peter Gross (judge)

Sir Peter Henry Gross (born 13 February 1952) is a member of the Court of Appeal of England and Wales.
Gross was called to the Bar in 1977 (Gray's Inn). He became a Queen's Counsel in 1992. Gross was appointed a Recorder in 1995 and a Deputy High Court judge in 1999. In 2001, he was appointed to High Court, receiving the customary knighthood, and was assigned to the Queen's Bench Division. He served as presiding judge on the South East Circuit from 2004 to 2004, and headed the Commercial Court from 2009 to 2010. On 9 July 2010, Gross became a Lord Justice of Appeal, and was appointed to the Privy Council in 2011. He became Deputy Senior Presiding Judge on 3 October 2011, and took up the office of Senior Presiding Judge for England and Wales with effect from 1 January 2013.
See also.
List of Lords Justices of Appeal

</doc>
<doc id="31148884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31148884" title="Joyce Grill">
Joyce Grill

Joyce Grill (born April 20, 1936) is an American composer, teacher, and conductor.
Biography.
Grill graduated from the University of Wisconsin-Madison where she completed a BM in Music in 1958. She received training at the Fountainebleau School of Fine Arts in France, where she studied piano with Robert and Jean Casadesus and theory and composition with Nadia Boulanger.
She taught piano, music appreciation, and accompanying classes at the University of Wisconsin-La Crosse from 1974-1999 where she wrote the UW-La Crosse Fight Song.
She founded the La Crosse Area Music Teachers Association in 1980. Her first book Accompanying Basics was published in 1987 by KJOS. In 2006 she was named a MTNA Foundation Fellow. In 2010 she was the Wisconsin Music Teachers Association Commissioned Composer.
She is a member of Sigma Alpha Iota and has held offices in both the Wisconsin State Music Teachers Association and the National Music Teachers Association.

</doc>
<doc id="31148895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31148895" title="Stephen Tomlinson">
Stephen Tomlinson

Sir Stephen Miles Tomlinson PC (b. 29 March 1952) is a member of the Court of Appeal of England and Wales.
Career.
Tomlinson graduated from Worcester College, Oxford. He was called to the Bar in 1974 (Inner Temple) and became a Queen's Counsel in 1988. He was appointed a Recorder in 1995 and a Deputy High Court judge in 1996. In 2000, he was appointed to the High Court of Justice, receiving the customary knighthood, and was assigned to the Queen's Bench Division. On 9 July 2010, Tomlinson became a Lord Justice of Appeal, and received the customary appointment to the Privy Council in 2011.
See also.
List of Lords Justices of Appeal

</doc>
<doc id="31148910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31148910" title="Oxford High School (Michigan)">
Oxford High School (Michigan)

Oxford High School is a coed public secondary institution located in Oxford, Michigan within the Oxford Community Schools district. The school draws from an area of The Village of Oxford and Oxford Township, as well as portions of Orion Township, Dryden Township, Metamora Township and Addison Township. It is one of the largest districts, geographically, in southeastern lower Michigan.
History.
The current site for Oxford High School opened in 2004. Prior to that, the current site was a middle school. When renovations were completed, the middle school moved to the previous high school building on Lakeville Road.
Education.
Oxford High School is an authorized International Baccalaureate World School for the Diploma Programme.
Athletics.
Oxford High School offers 24 different varsity sports. Teams participate in the Oakland Activities Association, a high school athletic conference whose member schools have similar enrollments and are all located in the Oakland County area. The statewide class designation is A.
The primary mascot for Oxford Schools is the Wildcat. Both the high school and the middle school have teams which are referred to as the "Oxford Wildcats". 
Prior to the 2010-2011 year, Oxford High School moved from the Flint Metro League, where it had been a member school since 1983, to the Oakland Activities Association. Reasons cited for the move included demographic and geographic considerations.
Oxford has won state championships in boys track (1991 class B), football (1992 class BB), and wrestling (2011 class A).
Oxford Athletics installed Navy turf at the football stadium during the summer of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31148913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31148913" title="Sadaa Suhagan">
Sadaa Suhagan

Sadaa Suhagan is a 1986 Indian film. It focuses on the lives of a married couple, Laxmi (Rekha) and Rajshekhar (Jeetendra).
Plot.
Laxmi is a caring and virtuous wife. Rajshekhar is an equally loving and faithful husband. He is an excellent provider and she plays the nurturer's role to perfection. They have two sons and a daughter.
Rajshekhar was an orphan. He remained deprived of love until he married Laxmi. She came from a disturbed home with an alcoholic father and a scheming stepmother. When Rajshekhar and Laxmi got together, they created a stable, happy family. 
All is well, until the children grow up. The eldest son, Ravi (Govinda), gets involved with Madhu (Anuradha Patel), the daughter of a woman of ill-repute. Rajshekhar objects to this and Ravi leaves home. The second son Shashi (Alankar Joshi) is caught red-handed, after stealing money from his father and letting the domestic help (Mohan Choti) take the blame. Shashi is also turned out of the house. Rajshekhar and Laxmi discuss the marriage of their daughter, Babli (Sheela David), with the son of their friends. However, Babli refuses, saying that her mother wasted her life as a homemaker and she would not like to do the same. 
The once-happy home is in a mess. Rajshekhar develops a heart problem and Laxmi takes him to the family doctor. While the doctor is checking Rajshekhar, Laxmi becomes unconscious for a short time. She is examined and the result is shocking: she has an advanced case of cancer, with only a few days remaining of her life. Rajshekhar requests the doctor not to inform her about this. He decides that his wife's last days should be as happy as possible. 
He finds Ravi, working as a petrol pump attendant and married to Madhu. Rajshekhar tells them about Laxmi’s illness and begs them to return home for her sake. They obey. Then he traces Shashi and brings him back. Babli changes her mind on her own, and decides to marry the son of her parents' friends. Madhu takes over the running of the household. She and Ravi are expecting a child. Laxmi is satisfied that unity and harmony are prevailing in her family. 
Everyone celebrates the twenty-fifth wedding anniversary of Laxmi and Rajshekhar. Back in their room, Laxmi collapses in her husband's arms; the same moment, he has a heart attack. When the family members enter the room, they find Laxmi and Rajshekhar’s bodies, joined in death as in life.

</doc>
<doc id="31148914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31148914" title="Ackerville, Wisconsin">
Ackerville, Wisconsin

Ackerville is an unincorporated community in the town of Polk, Washington County, Wisconsin, United States. It is located on Wisconsin Highway 175 and Sherman Road, just due east of Wisconsin Highway 164 and south of the village of Slinger. It is less than 7 miles from Richfield and approximately 10 miles from Germantown.

</doc>
<doc id="31148917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31148917" title="TheWineKone">
TheWineKone

Tony Huynh, known by his username thewinekone on YouTube, is a Canadian comedian and video blogger. Since the creation of his account in 2005, he has become one of the most viewed users on YouTube, as well as one of YouTube's first online personalities. In his video "'The Wine Kone' Revealed" he says that his user name "TheWineKone" is actually an anagram for "Toe Knee Hwin," which is a phonetic spelling for his actual name. Huynh is known for his long rant-like video blogs which often stray from the primary topic and contain somewhat perverse humour to varying degrees. Although he often acts hyperactive and strange in his videos, it was stated in "About Her/Their Videos" that he is simply acting for the purpose of entertainment.
Pre-YouTube and "Unsubbing".
TheWineKone originated in July 2003 as a newsletter sent by e-mail to approximately 30 people. His mailing list grew over time and a year after, the newsletters had been named "The Wine Kone". Subscribers then received a collection of articles, edited images, audio clips and videos produced by Huynh himself. In April 2005, he decided to publish his works online.
In the first edition, he threatened those who received the newsletter that if they did not subscribe he would "give them one last chance to subscribe. If they do not, will terminate their subscription forever." This is a habit that carried over to YouTubing - those who have had negative comments about his videos would be "unsubbed" from his channel. He once described how he does this in a vlog, saying he blocks the viewer and then unblocks them to give them the freedom to watch or subscribe once again, at the risk of losing face. This seems to be the result of a joke Huynh plays - his goal is not merely to entertain an audience, but also to entertain himself and to play with the social construct within the medium in such a way that renders him a sort of anti-celebrity.
YouTube.
Huynh's first video on YouTube was "The Delaware Boy" in December 2005. In March 2007, his video "Hotness Prevails/Worst Video Ever" was selected for Best Commentary in the first YouTube Awards. In November 2007, he helped present the launch of YouTube's Canadian site. His video submission to the 2007 CNN-YouTube Democratic presidential debate was the entry most viewed by YouTube users, and his video was highlighted by moderator Anderson Cooper before the debate. Huynh is currently a Director on YouTube, and had over 28,050,000 upload views. He also appeared in a collab video made by Smosh called "Three guys in a hotel".

</doc>
<doc id="31148922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31148922" title="ActionAid Rwanda">
ActionAid Rwanda

ActionAid Rwanda (AAIR) is a country programme of ActionAid International (AAI) – an anti-poverty agency giving assistance to poor people and communities.
ActionAid is a non-partisan, non-religious development organisation that has been working in Rwanda as a full country programme since 1997 to eradicate poverty with focus on tackling the root causes of poverty rather than just meeting people’s immediate needs.
Initiatives implemented to improve quality of education.
ActionAid Rwanda has implemented several initiatives to improve the education scene in Rwanda:
Increasing children’s access to education via building more classrooms.
ActionAid has worked with the community in Gikoro village to build seven classrooms, fully equipped with 490 desks and chairs and a staff room. The number of children attending this school has increased from 420 to 1,000.
 Before the new classrooms were constructed, there were only three classrooms accommodating 420 children in Gikoro. This was a problem as there were over 1,000 children in the village and children had to travel further to other villages to attend school.
Getting children back to schools.
Lack of follow-up by parents on the education of their children, high level of poverty, whereby poor and illiterate parents attach little priority to their children’s education were proven to be the main causes of school dropout.
 ActionAid Rwanda in partnership with local leaders has called on parents to ensure that their children return to school. Highlighting the importance of education the local leaders from Nyanza district, Musanze and Nyaruguru districts have identified about 1835 school dropouts.
 The local leaders identified 874, 396 girls and 478 boys, were supported with school uniforms and materials to reintegrate into primary schools. Youth above school going age are also being identified to attend vocational training skills to make themselves become more employable and have a more sustainable future.
 ActionAid also fights against gender-based violence (GBV), which is a widespread problem in Rwanda and a cause for the lower literacy rate in females compared to males.
Fostering good learning conditions in school.
The problem of overcrowded classrooms is a big challenge in Rwandan schools.
It has been verified that the problem led to increase of drop-outs from schools, children being de-motivated to attend school, and even children experiencing health problems due to bad sitting positions.
ActionAid has from 2008 to 2009 been able to provide about 547 classroom desks to four primary schools in Nyanza. Chairs and tables accompanied desks for teachers as well as bookshelves. ActionAid also provided about 521 classroom desks to three primary schools in Murundi and 485 classroom desks to three primary schools in Shingiro.
ActionAid also promotes school hygiene and support the community in Nyanza to build more toilet cabins in school. The available toilets are in bad shape and were constructed without considering gender as an important variable. The potential loss of privacy due to the lack of proper sanitary facilities discourages regular attendance and increases dropout rates, especially for girls.

</doc>
<doc id="31148944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31148944" title="Samuel Fessenden (lawyer)">
Samuel Fessenden (lawyer)

Samuel Fessenden (April 12, 1847 – January 7, 1908) was an American lawyer, politician, and Civil War veteran.
The son of Samuel C. Fessenden, he was born and raised in Maine, where he attended Lewiston Falls Academy (now Edward Little High School). He served in the Union Army during the American Civil War in the Seventh Maine Volunteer Battery, eventually reaching the rank of second lieutenant in the First Maine Volunteer Battery. He later moved to Connecticut and served as a member of the Connecticut House of Representatives and Connecticut Senate. He served as President pro tempore of the Connecticut Senate. He was a state's attorney for Fairfield County. He was also a candidate for the U.S. Senate and a delegate to multiple Republican National Conventions.
He is best remembered outside of Connecticut for shouting from the floor of the 1896 Republican National Convention at Joseph Manley that "God Almighty hates a quitter" when it was becoming apparent that the candidate they were both supporting wasn't going to win the nomination.

</doc>
<doc id="31148945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31148945" title="Mera Lahoo">
Mera Lahoo

Mera Lahoo is a 1987 Indian film directed by Veerendra and starring Govinda and Kimi Katkar. The film was a hit.

</doc>
<doc id="31148946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31148946" title="Presidential Administration Building (Kiev)">
Presidential Administration Building (Kiev)

Presidential Administration Building () is an architectural monument of the Kiev city, the capital of Ukraine. The building is the main office of the Presidential Administration of Ukraine as well as the National Security and Defense Council of Ukraine.
It is located at 11 Bankova vulytsia and was initially a reconstruction of the Kiev Military District headquarters that was built sometime in the 1870s by Oleksandr Shile's design. The building is considered the peak of an architectural artistic work and was built after all government institutions of the Ukrainian SSR were transferred to Kiev from Kharkiv.
History.
The building was built in 1936-39 by the design of the Kharkiv architect Serhiy Grigoriev for the headquarters of the Kiev Special Military District. The author of the design was able organically unite elements of a classical style and Ukrainian Baroque.
First that may strike visitors it is the unbelievable thickness of building's walls. Specialists explain that it was due to restrictions to build administrative buildings in the Soviet Union of the 1930s which forced to dodge it by building a new structure on the already existing foundation. The new design made a great use of the symmetric campuses of the previous Shile's design of the 1870s.
The new building was considered a reconstruction with some new elements. Its wings were extended, while in the center was formed a special composition - massive risalit with an inserted colonnade of the great Corinthian order. The governing monumentality of the building is underlined by a heavy entablature along with a glazed stylobate of a polished grey tint labradorite ("under coat"). The front entrance of the building is flanked by four rock spheres. The architect planned the design to such extent considering all the details that the big building regardless of being located on a narrow street not only did not squashed its surroundings, but also is well observed from all points: from the Instytutska and Lutheranska vulytsi, from the neighboring Franko Square and the remotely located Mykhailiv Square.
In its courtyard are located a dining hall, a laundry room, cleaners, a printing house etc.

</doc>
<doc id="31148987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31148987" title="2005 Geelong Football Club season">
2005 Geelong Football Club season

The 2005 Geelong Football Club season was the club's 106th season in the Australian Football League (AFL). Geelong finished the regular season in sixth position on the ladder. After defeating Melbourne in the Elimination Final they suffered a heartbreaking loss to Sydney in the Semi-Final at the SCG.
Captains.
Captain: Steven King
Vice-Captain: Cameron Ling

</doc>
<doc id="31148989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31148989" title="2011 World Short Track Speed Skating Championships – Men's 5000 metre relay">
2011 World Short Track Speed Skating Championships – Men's 5000 metre relay

The Men's 5000 metre relay at the 2011 World Short Track Speed Skating Championships began on 12 March, and ended on 13 March at the Sheffield Arena.
The top eight teams from the World Cup season competed.
Results.
Semifinals.
Top 2 Athletes from each heat qualified for the final.

</doc>
<doc id="31148990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31148990" title="Pyaar Karke Dekho">
Pyaar Karke Dekho

Pyaar Karke Dekho is a 1987 Indian film.

</doc>
<doc id="31148997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31148997" title="Beijing Huiwen Middle School">
Beijing Huiwen Middle School

Beijing Huiwen Middle School, previously known as Peking Academy, also referred to as Beijing Huiwen High School (), is a public beacon high school in Dongcheng District, Beijng, China. It was established in 1871 by the Methodist Episcopal Church.

</doc>
<doc id="31149014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149014" title="2011 World Short Track Speed Skating Championships – Men's 1500 metres">
2011 World Short Track Speed Skating Championships – Men's 1500 metres

The men's 1500 metre at the 2011 World Short Track Speed Skating Championships took place 11 March at the Sheffield Arena.
Results.
Quarterfinals.
Top 2 athletes from each heat qualified for semifinals.
Semifinals.
Top 2 athletes from each heat qualify for the final.

</doc>
<doc id="31149037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149037" title="Paap Ko Jalaa Kar Raakh Kar Doonga">
Paap Ko Jalaa Kar Raakh Kar Doonga

Paap Ko Jalaa Kar Raakh Kar Doonga is a 1988 Indian film.
Plot.
Bachelor Shankar Saxena lives with his elder brother, Chief Engineer Vinay, his wife Kavita, and their daughter of marriageable age, Pooja. Shankar is an undercover CBI Officer, a fact that was hidden from the rest of the family, until only recently. Vinay would like Pooja to get married to Deepak Malhotra, who works in his office, and is quite unaware that Deepak and Pooja have already met and are very much in love. Although Deepak comes from a poor family, and lives with his widowed and blind mother, Vinay does not foresee this as a problem. Then suddenly things change dramatically when Vinay suspects Deepak of accepting bribes from a corrupt builder named Shaadilal, fires Deepak, pending a police investigation. And to make matters worse, Shankar too is aware of Deepak - not as a groom for his niece, but as a suspect for murder!! But before he could arrest Deepak, he must execute a warrant for the arrest of none other than Vinay himself. Watch as events unfold enveloping this family in a web of deceit, intrigue, distrust, and terror.

</doc>
<doc id="31149053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149053" title="Literature-based discovery">
Literature-based discovery

Literature-based discovery refers to the use of papers and other academic publications (the "literature") to find new relationships between existing knowledge (the "discovery"). The technique was pioneered by Don R. Swanson in the 1980s and has since seen widespread use. 
Literature-based discovery does not generate new knowledge through laboratory experiments, as is customary for empirical sciences. Instead it seeks to connect existing knowledge from empirical results by bringing to light relationships that are implicated and "neglected". It is marked by empiricism and rationalism in concert or consilience.
Swanson linking.
"Swanson linking" is a term proposed in 2003 that refers to connecting two pieces of knowledge previously thought to be unrelated. For example, it may be known that illness A is caused by chemical B, and that drug C is known to reduce the amount of chemical B in the body. However, because the respective articles were published separately from one another (called "disjoint data"), the relationship between illness A and drug C may be unknown. "Swanson linking" aims to find these relationships and report them.

</doc>
<doc id="31149075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149075" title="The Three Ages of Man">
The Three Ages of Man

The Three Ages of Man may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31149089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149089" title="Halaal Ki Kamai">
Halaal Ki Kamai

Halaal Ki Kamai is a 1988 Indian film.

</doc>
<doc id="31149091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149091" title="Italian occupation of Corsica">
Italian occupation of Corsica

Italian-occupied Corsica refers to the military (and administrative) occupation by the Kingdom of Italy of the island of Corsica during World War II. It lasted from November 1942 to September 1943.
History.
After an initial period of increasing control over Corsica, Italian forces started losing territorial control to the local Resistance, and in the aftermath of the Italian capitulation to the Allies various units took different sides in the battle between newly landed German troops, on one hand, and resistance fighters and Free French Forces, on the other hand.
Occupation.
On 8 November 1942, the Allies landed in North Africa. In response, Nazi Germany formulated Operation Anton, as part of which Italy occupied the island of Corsica on November 11 (Italian operation codename: "Operazione C2"), and some parts of France up to the Rhone river.
The Italian occupation of Corsica had been strongly promoted by the Italian irredentist movement during Italy's Fascist period. The occupation force initially included 30,000 Italian troops and gradually reached the size of nearly 85,000 soldiers (reinforced in June 1943 by 12,000 German troops). This was a huge occupation force relative to the size of the local population of 220,000.
The VII Army Corps of the Regio Esercito was able to occupy Corsica, which was still under the formal sovereignty of Vichy France, without a fight. Because of the initial lack of perceived partisan resistance and to avoid problems with Marshal Philippe Pétain, no Corsican units were formed under Italian control (except for a labour battalion formed in March 1943). Corsican population initially showed some support for the Italians, even as a consequence of the irredentist propaganda.
The Italian troops grew to encompass two Army Divisions (the "Friuli" and the "Cremona"), two coastal Divisions (the Italian 225 Coastal Division and the Italian 226 Coastal Division), eight battalions of Fascist Militia, and some units of Military Police and Carabinieri. In July 1943, after Benito Mussolini's fall, 12,000 German troops were sent to Corsica.
These Italian troops were commanded by General Mondino since the occupation until the end of December 1942, then by General Carboni until March 1943 and later by General Magli until September 1943.
Some Corsican military officers collaborated with Italy, including the retired Major Pantalacci (and his son Antonio), colonel Mondielli and colonel Simon Petru Cristofini (and his wife, the first Corsican female journalist Marta Renucci). Cristofini, who even met Benito Mussolini in Rome, was a strong supporter of the union of Corsica to Italy and defended irredentist ideals. Indeed Cristofini actively collaborated with the Italian forces in Corsica during the first months of 1943 and (as head of the Ajaccio troops) helped the Italian Army to repress the Resistance in Corsica before the Italian Armistice in September 1943. He closely worked with the famous Corsican writer Petru Giovacchini, who was named as the potential "Governor of Corsica" if the Kingdom of Italy should have annexed the island.
Rise of the Resistance.
The French Resistance was initially limited, but it started taking shape immediately in the aftermath of the Italian invasion. This initially led to the development of two movements:
In April 1943 Paulin Colonna d'Istria was sent by Charles de Gaulle from Algeria and united the movements.
By early 1943, the Resistance was organized enough that it requested arms deliveries. The Resistance leadership was reinforced and the movement's morale was boosted by six visits by the submarine Casabianca carrying personnel and arms, and it was later further armed by Allied airdrops. This allowed the Resistance to increase its activities and establish greater territorial control, especially over the countryside in summer 1943. In June and July 1943 the OVRA (Italian fascist police) and the fascist Black Shirts paramilitary groups started a large-scale repression. According to General Fernand Gambiez, 860 Corsicans were jailed and deported to Italy. On 30 August, Jean Nicoli and two French partisans of the Front national were shot in Bastia by order of an Italian Fascist War Tribunal.
Liberation of Corsica.
Following the imprisonment of Benito Mussolini in July 1943, 12,000 German troops came to Corsica. They formally took over the occupation on 9 September 1943, the day after the armistice between Italy and the Allies. While their leaders were ambivalent, most of the Italian troops remained loyal the Italian King Victor Emmanuel III and some fought (mainly at Teghime, Bastia and Casamozza) alongside the French Resistance against the Nazi troops until the liberation of Corsica on 4 October 1943. Meanwhile, the French resistance aimed to establish control of the mountains in the island's center, with the goal of preventing the occupying forces from moving from one coast to the other and thus facilitating an Allied invasion.
The liberation of Corsica began with an uprising ordered by the local Resistance on 9 September 1943. The Allies did not initially want such a movement, preferring to focus their forces on the invasion of Italy. However, in light of the insurrection, the Allies acquiesced to the landing of elements of the reconstituted French I Corps on Corsica in September 1943, starting with one division of elite French troops being landed - again - via submarine Casabianca at Arone near the village of Piana in the North West of Corsica. This prompted the German troops to attack Italian troops as well as French resistants in Corsica. The Corsican and French Partisans and the Italian 44 Infantry Division "Cremona", 20 Infantry Division "Friuli" engaged in heavy combat with the German Sturmbrigade Reichsführer SS and 90th Panzergrenadier Division, supported by the Italian 12th Parachute Battalion of the 184th Parachute Regiment), which came from Sardinia and retreated through Corsica from Bonifacio towards the Northern harbor of Bastia. On 13 September elements of the Free French "4th Moroccan Mountain Division" were landed in Ajaccio to support the efforts to stop the 30,000 retreating German troops. During the night of 3 to 4 October the last German units evacuated Bastia and left for northern Italy, leaving behind 700 dead and 350 POWs.
Characteristics.
In Corsica, the native collaborationists linked to the Italian irredentist movement supported the Italian occupation, stressing that this was a precautionary measure against a possible Anglo-American attack. In the first months of 1943 these irredentists, under the leadership of Petru Giovacchini and Bertino Poli, conducted large-scale propaganda efforts among the Corsican population to promote the unification of Corsica to Italy, as had been done in 1941 with Dalmatia (where Mussolini created the Governatorate of Dalmatia). Indeed, there was a mild support of the Italian occupation from most of the Corsican population until summer 1943.
The Italian occupation of Corsica was related to the Nazi Germany dominion of Europe over which Adolf Hitler ultimately exercised control: Benito Mussolini thus postponed the unification of Corsica to Italy until a "Peace Treaty" could be done after the hypothetical Axis victory in World War II, mainly because of German opposition to the irredentist claims. Social and economic life in Corsica was administered by the original French civil authorities, i.e. the préfet and four "sous-préfets" in Ajaccio, Bastia, Sartene and Corte. On 14 November 1943, the préfet restated French sovereignty over the island and stated that the Italian troops were occupiers.
After the war, nearly one hundred collaborators or autonomists (including intellectuals) were put on trial by the French authorities in 1946. Among those found guilty, eight were sentenced to death. However, only one irredentist was executed in the end: Petru Cristofini. He had been put on trial after the Allied liberation for treason and sentenced to death; he tried to kill himself, and was executed while he was dying in November 1943.
Petru Giovacchini was forced to hide after the Free French and Allied invasion retaking the island. Prosecuted by a French tribunal in Corsica, he received a death sentence in 1945 and went into exile in Canterano, near Rome. He died on September 1955 as a consequence of former combat wounds, and since his death the Italian irredentist movement in Corsica is considered finished.

</doc>
<doc id="31149140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149140" title="Santa Fe Railway Manzanola Depot">
Santa Fe Railway Manzanola Depot

The Santa Fe Railway Monzanola Depot, also known as Manzanola Station, was an Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway in Manzanola, Colorado. Now used as a town hall, the property has been on the National Register of Historic Places since April 28, 2004.
History.
The single track railroad line to Pueblo, Colorado was completed by the Santa Fe Railway in 1876. Although the track existed, the depot wasn't built until 1913. The station first opened with both freight and passenger services. The depot was finally closed by the railroad in 1973. The station remained vacant until, in 1976, it was donated to the city of Manzanola. In 1991, a senior center opened in the former waiting room area.
Restoration.
Most of the building has been in a steady decline since the donation to the town in 1976. Until 2007, the only part of the station in use was the east side, with a small senior center. With the grand opening in November 2007, the new depot houses the town hall and police department. The construction was done by White Construction Group.

</doc>
<doc id="31149161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149161" title="Korra (The Legend of Korra)">
Korra (The Legend of Korra)

Korra is the titular character and protagonist in Nickelodeon's animated television series "The Legend of Korra", a sequel to "" and the current incarnation of the Avatar Spirit. The character was created by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko and is voiced by Janet Varney.
Character overview.
Korra lives in a fantasy world where a large fraction of the human population is capable of magically manipulating any one of the four elements of nature: earth, fire, air, or water. The art of manipulating an element is called "bending" within the narrative. Korra is the current incarnation of the Avatar, a semi-divine individual with the unique ability to bend all four elements. Korra's duty in life is to safeguard peace in the world and maintain the balance between spirits and mortals.
Creation and conception.
Korra's character was inspired by various female MMA fighters, as Bryan Konietzko is a fan of mixed martial arts. In addition, she was indirectly inspired by one of Bryan Konietzko's sisters. Korra was also designed to be an inversion of Aang, the title character of the preceding story "". Instead of the young, spiritual Aang, Korra is a more physical character who has trouble grasping the spiritual side of being the Avatar, while Aang takes a while to master each of the elements, but connects with the spirit world instantaneously.
Korra's name was settled long after her character was imagined. Konietzko and DiMartino couldn't agree to a name for her until they learned "Cora", the name of a hotel operator's dog. The name was kept, and only changed in spelling.
Personality and characteristics.
Unlike her predecessor Aang, Korra is described by her creators as "very tough, very headstrong, and not scared to get into a fight." Although she is talented, her stubborn and hot-headed personality prevents her from easily learning Airbending or connecting with the Spirit World. The Avatar traditionally has the greatest difficulty mastering the element diametrically opposed to the Avatar's personality and native bending ability. For instance, Avatar Roku—a Firebender—took longer to learn Waterbending and Aang—an Airbender—took longer to learn Earthbending. Korra's forceful, sharp-tongued personality is detested by the teachings of Airbending which encourage calm mindedness, free-spirituality, and evasiveness.
Her best friend and animal guide is a polar bear-dog named Naga, whose strength helps Korra out of many dangerous situations. Although wild polar bear dogs were originally feared and hunted by Water Tribes, Korra is the first person to ever tame one. Korra is also friends with brothers Mako (her main romantic interest) and Bolin, Asami Sato, as well as the rest of Tenzin's family.
Korra's character developed and matured during episodes 11 through 12 of the first season when she was confronted with detachment from her main three bending skills, leaving her with Airbending, which she had unlocked in order to save Mako from Amon. Later, she connected to her spiritual self through Aang. Once the connection to her Avatar predecessors was established, Aang was able to bestow Energybending upon Korra (as well as her main three bending skills lost earlier). Though Korra is now able to bend all four elements while being capable of entering the Avatar State, Korra is still in the process of perfecting her Airbending skills as well as having a true connection and understanding of her spiritual self in order to complete her training as a fully realized Avatar. This will be further explored in "Book 2: Spirits" as Korra will learn further into the history and mythology of the distant Avatar lineage and the Spirit World.
Appearances.
Book One: Air.
It is revealed in the plot that Korra was able to easily bend both fire and earth in addition to her native element at the age of four, thus proving her early prowess and status as the current Avatar to the Order of the White Lotus. At the age of seventeen, teenage Korra has officially mastered waterbending, earthbending, and firebending and hopes to learn airbending from the only airbending master alive, Tenzin. The elders of the Order of the White Lotus believe that Korra "lacks restraint" and should first master the spiritual side of being the Avatar, but Korra's teacher and Waterbending Master reasons that, if anyone can teach the young Avatar spirituality, it is Tenzin. Tenzin and his family arrive at the White Lotus compound two weeks later, but Korra soon learns that Tenzin will not be able to stay in the Southern Water Tribe to teach her, because of the unstable conditions in Republic City.
Impatient to begin airbending training, Korra instead sneaks off to Republic City, and is eventually taken in by Tenzin after a confrontation with a bending gang and Republic City's metalbending police force. She meets the Earthbender Bolin and his Firebender brother Mako, who are a part of a pro-bending team called the Fire Ferrets, after sneaking out to see a pro-bending match. When the Fire Ferrets' waterbender doesn't show up before another match, though, Korra decides to fill in the spot. When Tenzin later sees that the spiral movements required in pro-bending helps train her in airbending, he gives permission for her to participate.
Not long into their careers, Bolin is captured by the Equalists, led by the mysterious Amon. To save Bolin, Korra and Mako sneak into an Equalist rally, and witness Amon permanently remove the bending of three members of a bending gang. After Bolin is saved, the three continue to practice and play Pro-Bending until the champion games. During the champion games, Equalists raid the bending arena, strip the opposing team of their bending, and destroy the playing field. Now no longer a member of the Fire Ferrets, as all Pro-Bending has ended, Korra focuses on the battle against Amon and the Equalists. However, she wants to avoid increasing tensions with peaceful non-benders, who are already being treated as criminals by Republic City.
Amon eventually declares full scale war against Republic City, captures the city council and easily defeats the Republic City police. Outmatched, Korra is forced to wait, along with Mako, Bolin, and Asami, until the united forces can send military aid. The aid does arrive, led by General Iroh II (Dante Basco). The five team up, and battle against Amon on different fronts. Iroh, Bolin, and Asami try to find and sabotage the Equalists' airfield and other bases of operation while Korra and Mako work together to infiltrate Republic City, which is under Amon's rule, and learn that Amon is actually an incredibly skilled waterbender and bloodbender named Noatak. Korra is, thus, unable to defeat him in a straight fight, and has her bending abilities removed by him. This loss of her three bending elements finally unlocked her dormant airbending abilities, which allows her to catch Amon off guard and defeat him by revealing his true nature as a waterbender and bloodbender to the public.
The conflict against Amon now over, Korra is terribly upset over the costs of the war and the loss of her bending. At the Southern Water Tribe, she runs away when she learns that Katara is unable to restore her bending. Her bending abilities are fully restored to her by the spirit of Aang, along with the spirits of the previous Avatars before him. She is also given the ability of . Using this newly acquired ability, she is able to undo Amon's removal of people's bending.
Book Two: Spirits.
In "", taking place six months after the Anti-bending Revolution, Korra is shown racing with Tenzin's three children and wins by using the mighty, powerful Avatar State which Ikki considers to be cheating. Soon after, she, Tenzin, Mako and their respective families travel to the Southern Water Tribe for the Glacial Spirits Festival. There, she greets her uncle and chief of the Northern Water Tribe, Unalaq and her first cousins, Desna and Eska, both of whom unnerve her due to their detached nature and their general dislike of her. Later during the night, Korra is attacked by a Dark Spirit, and though she, her father, Mako and Bolin try to stop it, all of them are defeated. It is only thanks to Unalaq that the spirit is bested, which he manages through use of waterbending designed to calm angry spirits. Frustrated with Tenzin and her father Tonraq for keeping her in the compound of The Order of the White Lotus when Aang wanted otherwise, she chooses Unalaq as her new spiritual teacher, saddening Tenzin greatly. After Tenzin leaves for the Southern Air Temple, Unalaq says he has much he will teach her.
In "The Southern Lights", Korra, Bolin, Mako and Unalaq, accompanied by Desna, Eska and Tonraq head for the South Pole to restore the Spirit World portal that exists there since the Portal was locked during the Hundred Year War and never restored. On the way, after battling angry spirits and much anger and persistence from Korra, Tonraq reveals he is the other reason the Spirits are angry . Twenty years before, during a battle with Barbarian Raiders, Tonraq destroyed the sacred forest in the North Pole in order to defeat the enemy hiding there, angering the spirits who dwelt there and nearly destroying the tribe when they retaliated, causing his banishment and disinheritance. Korra is furious at him for not telling her, and asks him to leave the mission. Korra then proceeds to enter the frozen forest where the Dark Spirits dwell, and after several attempts, uses the Avatar State to restore the forest and the portal to the Spirit World. As they return to the Southern Water Tribe, Korra sees Unalaq's warship fleet docking, and realizes he is going to use his military might to try to force the Southern Water Tribe to finally embrace their spiritual side. Korra's parents are later arrested for allegedly conspiring to assassinate Unalaq. Korra's mother, Senna is cleared of all charges, but decides to confront the judge and get him to release her father as well. Korra discovers that the trial was a set up by Unalaq like the barbian attack on the Northern Water Tribe to get Tonraq banished. She confronts Unalaq over his actions and rejects him as her spiritual teacher before setting off to free her imprisoned father. The Avatar and her friends then flee to Republic City for support of the south in the now-ignited civil war between the two Water Tribes.
After Korra is unable to get support from the United Forces, she uses a speedboat to travel to the Fire Nation to convince them to help the Southern Tribe (due to good relations since the end of the Hundred Year War). She is then attacked by Desna and Eska, who were assigned by their father to capture the Avatar and open the Northern spirit portal. However, Korra is attacked by a massive dark spirit and dragged beneath the waves. Desna and Eska flee, believing their cousin to be dead.
Korra is later revealed to be alive and washed up on shore somewhere in the Fire Nation where she is discovered by two Fire Sages. As she awakens, a weakened Korra reveals she doesn't remember who she is before passing out again. 
In "Beginnings", The Sages carry her to a nearby fire temple where a shaman diagnosed her that she has been affective by the negative of a dark spirit that's beginning to destroy her Avatar Spirit. They lower Korra into apiritual healing waters to cleanse her of the dark infection. Korra's consciousness then makes contact with her Avatar Spirit, who then morphs into the spirits of past Avatars Aang, Roku, Kyoshi, and then Kuruk. They remind her she is the Avatar and must regain her connection with her Avatar Spirit. If she doesn't she will be destroyed, darkness will be engulf the world, and bring the era of the Avatar to an end. Avatar Kuruk tells in order to regain her connection, she must return to the beginning and find Raava. Korra then encounters another past Avatar named Wan who reveals to Korra that he was the very first Avatar and can help her find Raava. Wan shows Korra how he became the first Avatar. His story reveals that he lived 10,000 years ago in a time where humans lived atop the backs of lion turtles who protected from spirits who roamed the mainlands across the world. The lion turtles each used energybending to give humans a specific element while venturing in spirit territory (Spirit Wilds). After Wan stole the element of fire from his lion turtle to help improve life for him and his poor friends, he is banished to the Spirit Wilds where he befriends several spirits. After two years, Wan travels the Wilds with his cat deer Mula to find the other lion turtle cities. He encounters the all-powerful spirits Raava and Vaatu, who were dueling in the mountains. Vaatu tricks Wan into freeing him from Raava's restraints and flies off. Raava explains to Wan she is the spirit of light and peace and Vaatu is the spirit of chaos and destruction; by freeing Vaatu, Wan has unleashed darkness into the world. She sets off to track down Vaatu and warns Wan not to interfere with her again. After saving the people atop the air lion turtle from dark spirits corrupted by Vaatu, Wan convinces Raava to let him help her defeat the spirit of darkness. Together, the two set out and gain the ability of air, water, and earth from the other lion turtle cities. For the next year, the two train to defeat Vaatu on the day of Harmonic Convergence, an event that happens once every 10,000 years in which Raava and Vaatu must battle each other for the fate of the world until the next Harmonic Convergence. One cannot be completely destroyed as light and dark cannot exist without one another. Whoever is defeated will simply be reformed in the next 10,000 years. Once the day of battle arrives, Wan and Raava enter the Southern portal to the Spirit World and confront Vaatu. Raava possesses Wan so he can be able to use all four elements, but her presence in his body for too long gradually begins to give Vaatu the advantage as it begins to severely weaken Wan. Harmonic Convergence soon begins and the two portals of the North and South Pole to overlap. Using the amplified energy of the southern portal, Wan permanently merges with Raava, creating the Avatar Spirit. Using the newly-created Avatar State, Wan easily beats Vaatu and traps him in an sphere composed of all four elements and imprison Vaatu in the Tree of Time. To prevent the risk of Vaatu escaping imprisonment, Wan led (most) of the spirits in the mortal realm back to the Spirit World and closed the spirit portal. The lion turtles declare the world is entering a new age and their time protecting mankind is over and will no longer provide the power of the elements (save for those who used to live on their backs). The four nations are soon established. The newly founded Earth Kingdom, Fire Nation and Water Tribe go to war, prompting Avatar Wan to intervene and cease fighting. Many years later, an elderly Wan is dying on the battlefield of a vicious war. Wan apologizes to Raava for failing to bring peace to humanity. The light spirit reassured him that they would be together for all of his lifetimes and will never give up. Wan then peacefully passes away. Raava's light spirit, transformed into the mighty Avatar Spirit exits his body and goes on to be reincarnated, beginning the Avatar Cycle. Korra subsequently awakens with her memory restored. The Avatar, after learning the next Harmonic Convergence is a few weeks away, sets out on a sky bison gifted to her by the shaman to close the southern portal before Harmonic Convergence begins, to prevent Vaatu from escaping his prison.
Korra arrives at the Eastern Air Temple, where Tenzin and his family have stopped at on their vacation. She outlines the events of what has previously occurred, including the Water Tribe civil war. In the temple's garden, Korra explains to Tenzin how Avatar Wan imprisoned Vaatu in the Spirit World and that now, Unalaq wants to free him. Jinora guides Korra into the Spirit World where she is captured by Unalaq and blackmails Korra into open the northern spirit portal, to which the young Avatar reluctantly does. Korra then returns to the physical world, but Jinora remains trapped, much to the horror of Tenzin and his family. They all return to Republic City and gain assistance from Team Avatar in stopping Unalaq before Harmonic Convergence.
They all arrive back at the Southern Water Tribe where Senna reveals the southern rebels were all defeated and Tonraq has been captured. Korra and the team head off to save him, but are captured by Unalaq's troops. Unalaq soon arrives and reveals his ultimate plan: to fuse with Harmonic Convergence and become the new Avatar; a dark Avatar. He then spouts his rage about Avatar Wan separating spirits from humans and that all his Avatar incarnations have brought nothing but chaos for continuing Wan's mission as being the bridge between the two worlds, when they all should live together as one. Team Avatar, with the help of Bumi manage to escape, but are too late to close the spirit portal as Harmonic Convergence begins, allowing Vaatu to escape from his prison. Unalaq fuses with Vaatu by touching the amplified power of the northern portal, creating the Dark Avatar Spirit. The two Avatars' battle leads into the physical world. Unalaq uses Vaatu's tendrils to rip Korra and Raava apart. Unalaq then attacks Raava with his waterbending; which each blow to Raava, each connection to a past Avatar is destroyed. With a final blow, Raava is destroyed and the connection to the last surviving Avatar spirit, Wan is destroyed, thus ending the Avatar Cycle. With Raava destroyed Unalaq then becomes a giant dark spirit and teleports to Republic City to destroy it. With some guidance from Tenzin, Korra energybends a giant astral projection of her spirit, which return to Earth to battle the Dark Avatar. SHe intially gains the upper hand, but Unalaq manages subdue her. He then begins to use corrupther spirit with his spirit purification technique. Jinora's spirit suddenly appears out of the sky and unleashes a small orb of light, breaking Unalaq's concentration on his technique. Raava's light spirit is revived and extracted from Vaatu's essence by Korra. She then uses her uncle's technique to purify the Dark Avatar, which not only destroys both Unalaq and Vaatu, but also the Dark Avatar spirit and Unalaq's connection to Vaatu. Back in the Spirit World, Team Avatar, aided by Desna and Eska, attempt to stop a hoard of dark spirits from attacking Korra's spiritless body. Korra, Jinora, and Raava return and disspate the dark spirits. Seconds before the end of Harmonic Convergence ends, Korra and Raava use the remaining energy of the southern portal and fuse back together, recreating the Avatar Spirit. Though connected with Raava once again, Korra's connection to the past Avatars remains severed. Korra decides to leave both spirit portals open, believing spirits are able to co-exist with humans. She gives a speech to all the Southerns about Unalaq's defeat and that the Northern fleet is returning home. SHe declares both tribes will remain allies, but both are now independent and Tonraq is now the new chief of the Southern Water Tribe. In addition, Korra renounces the Avatar's role as the bridge between two worlds, but declares that she will still use Raava's light spirit to bring peace. She concludes her speech with announcing that Harmonic Convergence has shifted the planet's energy and that the world is now entering a new age, as various spirits roam the skies above.
Book Three: Change.
In "Book Three: Change", which takes place two weeks after "Book Two: Spirits", Korra must deal with the drastic changes caused by Harmonic Convergence and how a shift in the world's energy has affected both the spirit and physical worlds. She soon discovers that her decision in keeping the spirit portals open has unexpected consequences.
Reception.
Initially, Nickelodeon suspended production on the series because they did not like Korra being a girl. But, after seeing the completed first episode, they let the series resume development. Fan interest in Korra was high at the time of her announcement. During the series run, Emily Ashby of Common Sense Media claimed that Korra was a good role model, citing her dedication to her goals and open-mindedness towards new ideas. When the second season of the show began to air, there was a mild controversy about the character. Fans and reviewers alike were not happy with Korra's behavior and the way she was acting. Bryan Konietzko, co-creator of Legend of Korra compared this controversy to a similar one that occurred about Zuko, during the run of Avatar: The Last Airbender.

</doc>
<doc id="31149173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149173" title="The Sims Original Video Game Soundtrack">
The Sims Original Video Game Soundtrack

The Sims Original Video Game Soundtrack is the official soundtrack to EA's 2000 strategic life-simulation game "The Sims". 
The songs were composed by Jerry Martin, Marc Russo, Kirk R. Casey, and Dix Bruce. The game disc contains 37 tracks, of which 13 are background songs (for the Neighborhood, Build and Buy modes) and 24 are radio songs (covering the genres Classical, Latin, Rock and Country). A selection of 15 of the tracks (from both the background and radio sets) were published in 2007 as an official digital soundtrack album on Amazon MP3. Most of the tracks contain no vocals, but some of them feature Simlish lyrics.
All tracks.
The tracks selected for the official release are highlighted.
Adapted versions of "Yea Yai Yo" and "Samba SIM" were used in the opening video and the loading screen, respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="31149175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149175" title="Consequences of War">
Consequences of War

Consequences of War, also known as "Horrors of War", was executed between 1638-1639 by Peter Paul Rubens in oil paint on canvas. It was painted for Ferdinando II de' Medici. Although commissioned by an Italian, art historians characterize both the work and the artist as Flemish Baroque. It serves as a commentary on a European continent ravaged by the Thirty Years' War, and the artist employed numerous symbols, both contemporary and ancient, to deplore the state of the continent.
Symbols.
Mars: Mars is the central figure in the composition. The Roman god of war charges with shield and sword as well as breastplate and helmet. The figure’s skin and cape are dominated by the color red to further emphasize his identity as the Roman god. 
Book and Drawing: Underneath Mars’s feet lie a book and a drawing. These represent the manner in which the arts and letters are forgotten and destroyed in the chaos and violence of war.
Temple of Janus: To the far left of the painting, the Temple of Janus appears with its door ajar. In Ancient Rome, the Temple of Janus would be closed to indicate times of peace while an open door denoted war. This phenomenon is referenced in Fasti by Ovid.
Venus: The Roman goddess of love (and Mars’s mistress) endeavors to restrain Mars and keep the peace. Her arm is looped ineffectually around his in a physical gesture. Her expression, meanwhile, plaintively entreaties Mars to stop his charge. Venus is depicted in typical Rubensian fashion with characteristic rolls of exposed flesh (See Arrival of Marie de’ Medici or The Judgment of Paris for comparison.) The goddess is accompanied by Amors and Cupids who attempt to assist her. 
Fury Alekto: Alekto drags Mars on to his destructive purpose with a torch held high. Alekto was the Greek and Roman incarnation of anger. She appears in both Virgil’s Aeneid and Dante’s Inferno. Alekto translates from the Greek to “the implacable or unceasing anger.”
Pestilence and Famine: These effects of war are depicted as monsters accompanying Fury Alekto in order to heighten the terror of the scene. In addition, they deliberately refer to the apocalypse.
Harmony: Rubens depicts Harmony as a woman holding a lute. However the chaos has pushed her to the ground and broken her lute. The damage to the lute represents the discord of war. 
Mother: Beside Harmony a mother clutches a child. This, Rubens writes, shows how “War corrupts and disrupts and destroys everything” including “procreation and charity.”
Architect: An architect and his instruments have similarly fallen to the ground, showing how in times of war destruction and not creation is the norm. 
Arrows: Arrows lie on the ground near Venus and the Amors. When bound together they represent Concord but in their present state show its absence. Next to them lie the olive branch and caduceus, the symbols of peace. They too are depicted cast upon the ground to signify their absence in Europe. 
Woman in black: The figure to Venus’s left represents Europe and its suffering. Her cross-topped globe represents the Christian world and is carried by the small angel to her immediate left.
Historical context.
Rubens painted Consequences of War between 1638 and 1639 in response to the Thirty Years' War (1618–1648). The conflict’s origins are complex and diverse but animosity between Protestants and Catholics played a significant role. In addition, struggles for political power in Europe contributed to and prolonged the war. Nearly all European states fought at some point in the conflict’s long time span. The fighting involved Spain, France, Sweden, Denmark, the Netherlands, Austria, Poland, the Ottoman Empire, and the Holy Roman Empire. In particular, the war represented a continuation and extension of Habsburg and Bourbon rivalry as well as French and Habsburg animosity.
As depicted in Consequences of War, the fighting led to the destruction of large areas of Europe as well as outbreaks of both pestilence and famine. Much of the fighting took place in the German states which suffered significant depopulation as a result. The Thirty Years' War ended in 1648 with the treaties of Osnabruck and Munster as well as the Peace of Westphalia.
Rubens the diplomat.
Peter Paul Rubens was not only a virtuosic painter but also a passionate and crafty diplomat. Rubens, although closely allied to Isabella and the Spanish Netherlands, often had occasion to travel and visit foreign monarchs in his position as a court painter. Rubens associated with the dukes of Mantua, King Phillip IV, Charles I, and Marie de' Medici. He served as a negotiator for the Spanish Netherlands (and for the cause of peace more generally), and for France and England.
Indeed, Rubens lobbied for an end to the Thirty Years' War with considerable passion and cleverness. The painter sought to bring Spain and England, traditional enemies, to peace in the hopes that the Spanish would then pressure the Dutch into following suit. During this period Rubens carried messages, demands, and concession agreements back and forth between Phillip IV and Charles I to ultimately reach a conclusion. For his diplomatic work Rubens was eventually decreed a “gentleman of the household” by Isabella and knighted by Charles I.
This unique position as both a master painter and trusted diplomat clearly informed Consequences of War. The painting shows the artist’s sincere desire for peace and his justified horror at how war has ravaged Europe. Indeed, his diplomatic work allowed him and burdened him with considerable knowledge of the state of the continent and the consequences war had wrought.
Artistic style.
Rubens’ work, including Consequences of War, represents the height of Flemish Baroque painting. His style is referred to as pan-European and synthesizes elements of Italian Renaissance and Baroque artists to form his own artistic approach. The work of Michelangelo, Titian, Carracci, and Caravaggio informed Rubens’s paintings in varying degrees.
Viewers note the influence of Michelangelo in Rubens’s interest and brilliance in depicting the human form. Consequences of War contains not only Rubens’s trademark women but also the well muscled forms of Mars, Alekto, and the architect. These muscular figures are reminiscent of the powerful specimens depicted in Michelangelo’s Last Judgment, David, and The Creation of Adam. This trend in Rubens’s art is actually best shown in the extraordinarily well built men of Rubens’s Elevation of the Cross.
Titian’s influence is most evident with respect to depiction of the female nude. Rubens’s women bear a striking resemblance to Titian’s Venus with a Mirror and Nymph and Shepherd. However Titian’s most famous work, Venus of Urbino, undoubtedly inspired Rubens’s depiction of her in Consequences of War. The similarity between the two portraits of the goddess is unmistakable.
Rubens’s debt to Annibale Carracci lies at least in part in his composition. The densely populated drama of Consequences of War recalls Carracci’s Loves of the Gods, in particular The Triumph of Bacchus. Furthermore the careful use of color, light, and shadow as opposed to line to show space used by Carracci in Flight into Egypt became a key part of Rubens’s style. Indeed, Rubens’s style became a highly coloristic one.

</doc>
<doc id="31149181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149181" title="Gessica Brooke">
Gessica Brooke

Gessica Brooke is a New York-based modern luxury womenswear and accessories label, founded in 2009 by designer Gessica Brooke.
In 2011, Gessica Brooke's S/S 2011 Collection was featured in fashion magazine FOAM.
At the 81st Academy Awards, celebrity reporter Jessica Holmes wore a couture Gessica Brooke gown on the red carpet.
Early life.
Gessica attended FIDM in Los Angeles before she made her move to New York to put her designs to the test.

</doc>
<doc id="31149186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149186" title="Frants Diderik Bøe">
Frants Diderik Bøe

Frants Diderik Bøe (1820–1891) was a Norwegian painter, who specialized in still lifes and landscapes. He is also known by the names Frants Diderik Böe or the French version Francis Didier Boe or Franz Didrik Boe.
He was born in Bergen, and later studied art in Copenhagen. In 1849, he moved to Paris, where he studied under the expatriate Danish painter Theude Grønland. After eight years in Paris, he returned to Norway. He lived in Nordland in 1858–1861 and 1863–1864, painting landscapes and scenes from nature.
He married Hanna Maria Arnesen in 1864 and lived the rest of his life in Bergen.

</doc>
<doc id="31149196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149196" title="TheGATE.ca">
TheGATE.ca

TheGATE.ca, referred to as "The GATE", is a Canadian online entertainment website that focuses on movies, music, television, video games, leisure travel and events with reviews, news, and interviews. 
Launched in January 2001, The GATE is owned and operated by W. Andrew Powell with contributions from a variety of writers, including author Christopher Heard.
As of September, 2012, The GATE reports serving 85,000 unique visitors per month with a Klout score of 78.
Major coverage highlights throughout the year include the Juno Awards, Canadian Music Fest, North by North East, the Toronto International Film Festival, and the Academy Awards.
History.
Founded in 2000 by W. Andrew Powell, The GATE covered only music until 2001 when the website expanded to cover movies, followed by television, and video games by late in 2002.
Between 2002 and 2004 The GATE was also produced as a small zine that was available in bars and restaurants in downtown Toronto.
For several years, The GATE's film reviews by Powell were syndicated to publications across Canada, including Lighthouse Publishing in Nova Scotia, CFB Esquimalt Lookout newspaper in British Columbia, and The Squamish Chief in Alberta.
Since 2001, Powell has represented The GATE as a guest entertainment expert on U8TV's "Shower Hour", Much Music's "Ed's Big Wham Bam", AM640's travel radio program "Planes, Trains and Automobiles", Hamilton's CHAM 820 "Nabuurs and Friends", and in Eye Weekly's Annual Cross-Canada Music Critics Poll.
Notably in 2011, Canadian newspaper advertising for the opening weekend of the Walt Disney Pictures release featured a quote from Powell, "Pirates is back and it's better than ever!"
Statistics.
TheGATE.ca is ranked in the top 12,000 most visited websites in Canada according to Alexa.

</doc>
<doc id="31149197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149197" title="A gURLs wURLd">
A gURLs wURLd

A gURLs wURLd, also known as "Emma's Chatroom" and "Cyber Girls", is an Australian children's television series, co-produced by Screen Australia, Southern Star Entertainment, Southern Star Singapore, the Media Development Authority of Singapore, NDR (Norddeutscher Rundfunk) and TV Plus Production. It first aired on the Nine Network on 2 July 2011. There are 26 half hour episodes in the series.
Premise.
Three young teenage girls – a German, a Singaporean and an Australian – become friends while studying together at school in Singapore. When two of them must return to their homes in Germany and Australia, they accidentally discover that their mobile phones and computers can combine to transport them into each other's houses.

</doc>
<doc id="31149208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149208" title="Mega-Anime">
Mega-Anime

Mega-Anime is a Russian distributor of anime content from Japan. It was founded in 2005. It was founded by Megaliner Entertainment.
The company competes with MC Entertainment, fellow Russian anime distributor. The company distributes anime in full Russian dubbing. In 2007, it was announced that Mega-Anime acquired the licenses to Bleach and Death Note, which later happened 2008. The company is based in Moscow.
Licensed anime.
The "Cancelled" indicates that the company has licensed that series but has not done any production and dropped it without releasing it.
The "Expired" indicates that the company has licensed that series & has released it but the rights have expired.

</doc>
<doc id="31149211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149211" title="Wyoming Highway 374">
Wyoming Highway 374

Wyoming Highway 374 is a discontinuous east-west Wyoming State Road located in Sweetwater County that exists in two sections, with a short gap in between.
Route description.
Wyoming Highway 374 begins its western end at exit 61 of Interstate 80, southwest of Granger. WYO 374 travels along the north side of I-80, acting as a frontage road, for just under 5 miles until it reaches U.S. Route 30 where it temporarily ends.
Wyoming Highway 374 is not signed at any of its interchanges with Interstate 80
History.
Wyoming Highway 374 is the original alignment of U.S. Route 30 from near Granger to Green River.

</doc>
<doc id="31149232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149232" title="2011 World Short Track Speed Skating Championships – Women's 3000 metre relay">
2011 World Short Track Speed Skating Championships – Women's 3000 metre relay

The women's 3000 metre relay at the 2011 World Short Track Speed Skating Championships began on 11 March, and ended on 13 March at the Sheffield Arena.
The top eight teams from the World Cup season competed.
Results.
Semifinals.
Top 2 teams from each heat qualify the final.

</doc>
<doc id="31149234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149234" title="Ghulam Mansoor">
Ghulam Mansoor

Ghulam Mansoor (b. 1227 AH / 1812 AD) was Subedar-Major in 1867 at Bhopal State.
Biography.
Ghulam Mansoor was a scholar of repute in both Arabic and Persian. He was appointed in the army during the Bhonsle Dynasty at the princely state of Nagpur. At that time, Maharaja Senasaheb Subha Chhatrapati Raghuji Bapusaheb Bhonsle III was the ruler of the princely state of Nagpur (1818–1853). In 1252 AH / 1836 AD, he visited Tijara, built wells and replanted many trees inside the Big Bagh. In 1263 AH / 1845 AD, he left the services from Nagpur and shifted to Tijara. In Nagpur, his relative had a Risala (mounted troop) of 100 horse riders with "Naqqara" and "Nishān" (insignia). Later on after some months, he with some other relatives, joined 15th Battalion of Punjab Regiment. Roughly 10 years until 1271 AH / 1855 AD, he remained posted at Lahore, Peshawar, and other cities of Panjab. In 1856, when Britisher captured Awadh, he also remained at Cantonment of Sultanpur. After retirement from army, he finally settled at Tijara.
While staying in Tijara, he updated a very historical book “Miratun Nisab” of his forefather Ghulam Mohammad, who published the same about 75 years ago. This book is based on family history and has genealogy of many family members. He started this book in the era of Maharaja Shivdan Singh of Alwar in 1275 AH / 1858 AD and completed in Shawwal 1276 AH / 1859 AD.
In 1284 AH / 1867 AD, he moved to Bhopal, where he was appointed as Subedar-Major in 1867 of the Bhopal State army. After serving several years at Bhopal, he again came back to Tijara and died .
Family history.
Hākim-e Shariah Shareef Qazi-e Aazam ibn Qazi Ziauddin of Pinangwan was 'Qazi Qadaa' (authority to appoint Qazi). Akbar on 4 Jumada al-Thani 976 AH / 1568 awarded him 2000 Bigha Arazi Swad at Tijara. Qazi Mahmood (died 1005 AH / 1596 AD) was the son of Hākim-e Shariah Shareef Qazi-e Aazam. His brother Mohammad Hashim, his son Abdul Hafeez and grandson Ghulam Naqsh Band had also received many Firman (decree) like Qazi Mahmood. Qazi Ibrahim son of Qazi Mahmood was also 'Qazi Qadaa' at Tijara. Shahjahan awarded him Firman (decree) first on 22 Dhu al-Hijjah 1054 AH (Juloos 18) and second on 19 Ramadan 1055 AH. Some parts of his ruined haveli is still seen at Tijara. He died on 5 Moharram 1074 AH / 1665 AD. Qazi Abdul Baqi son of Qazi Ibrahim had also close relations with the Durbar of Aurangzeb and had given him charge of appointing 'Qazi' at Tijara. As per the Firman (decree) of Aurangzeb sealed by ‘Sadr Sadoor Abid Khan’, he was awarded Sanad of Qadaa. He also built various orchards and Havelis like Haveli Kalan, Deewan Khana, Kothi Bagh,etc. at Tijara. He had business of horses from Arabian breed. The main gates at the Qazi Mohallah were built by him. In the archive of Tahsil Tijara, dated 1070 AH shows the ‘Mafi Bagh’ in the name of Qazi Abdul Baqi.
Qazi Abdul Baqi had two sons Qazi Ghulam Mohiuddin and Qazi Ghulam Murtaza and died on 30 Jumada al-awwal 1113 AH / 1701 AD. The elder daughter of Qazi Abdul Baqi was married to Abu Saeed bin Abdul Ghaffar of Sakras, while the younger daughter Khwanda Daulat Bint was married to Syed Chajju of Mohina. Syed Chajju had four daughters and four sons Syed Zainuddin, Syed Tajuddin, Syed Imamuddin and Syed Shamsuddin. Syed Zainuddin was married to Ummatullah daughter of Qazi Ghulam Murtaza of Tijara. Syed Tajuddin was married to Halima, daughter of Abdul Hadi ibn Qazi Ibrahim. One daughter of Syed Chajju was married to Syed Abdul Wajid Risaldar of Syed Sarai, Rewari. Syed Mohammad Ashraf Risaldar was his son. Syed Mohammad Ashraf had two sons Syed Yusuf Ali Khan and Syed Saeed Ali Khan. Syed Yusuf Ali Khan had one son Syed Hasan Askari Khan while Syed Saeed Ali Khan had two sons Syed Ahmad Hussain Khan and Syed Qasim Hussain Khan. 
Syed Yusuf Ali Khan’s one Diwan (poetry) in Urdu is extant in the library of Raza Library, Rampur and another Diwan (poetry) in Hindi vernacular is extant in the Khuda Bakhsh Oriental Library, Patna. In the book, ‘Tarikh-i Mohammadi ‘ his name is mentioned as one of the important Emirs during the reign of Mohammad Azam Shah. Syed Yusuf Ali Khan was first married to Sharfun Nisan daughter of Ghulam Hussain (brother of Kartalab Khan Qazi Ghulam Mustafa) and had one daughter (married to Syed Mohammad Jalal). With second wife, Syed Hasan Askari Khan was born.
Noorullah was the son of Qazi Ghulam Murtaza, and married to Kafia, sister of Mirza Salar Beg ibn Allah Dost Beg (brother Diwan Idris Mohammad). The other sons of Qazi Ghulam Murtaza were Qazi Mohammad Muqtada, Moizuddin and Abu Turab. Qazi Ghulam Muqtada was married to the daughter of Syed Mohammad Baqar of Sakras and had one son Karimuddin.
The brother of Qazi Abdul Baqi, Abdul Hadi was employed in army. 
Bibi Ruqaiya had two sons Mohammad Akram and Mohammad Mukram. Mohammad Akram was married to the daughter of Qazi Badruddin ibn Qazi Ghulam Mohiuddin. Qazi Ghulam Mohiuddin like his father Qazi Abdul Baqi got the Firman (decree) sealed by ‘Sadr Sadoor Rizvi Khan’, he was awarded Sanad of Qadaa. He had two sons Qazi Badruddin and Ghulam Mahmood.
Qazi Badruddin.
Qazi Badruddin had two sons – Qazi Mohammad Mah and Mohammad Sultan Khan. 
Qazi Mohammad Mah was first attached to the rule of Nawab Amir Khan Bahadur and then in the court of Nawab Bahadur aka Jawed Khan at some higher post. Lastly, he was appointed again at some higher post at Rewari by Raja Nagar Mal ‘Ummadul Mulk’. Rewari at that time was jagir of Raja Nagar Mal. When Sikhs attacked Rewari and captured the whole area, he with Shaikh Yar Mohammad Khan (Sardar of Maharaja) and elder son Qazi Mohammad Aman, were died during fighting inside the Haveli of Rao Gujar Mal on 22 Rajab 1179 AH / 1765 AD. In this same fight with Sikhs, Qazi Ali Mardan ibn Qazi Ghulam Naqshband of Rewari was also died in his Haveli. The whole city was ravaged. Arrangement to bury the dead bodies could not be made. The young son of Qazi Mohammad Mah, Mohammad Ata was detained with other family members inside the fort of Gogulgarh and could not come out. By chance, from the same route, Mohammad Saleh ibn Mohammad Sultan Khan, was returning from Ziyarat Hazrat Khwaja Buzurg Ajmeri of Quds Sarah and informed about the incident in Tijara. The relatives from Tijara went to Rewari secretly and brought the dead bodies of Qazi Mohammad Mah and his son Qazi Mohammad Aman (also entitled 'Khan'). They were then buried after seven days on 28 Rajab near Takya Shah Abdul Majeed at the big Bagh. Qazi Mohammad Ata (died on 14 Rajab 1206 AH / 1791 AD) had one daughter Amaratun Nisan (married to Jamal Mohammad ibn Ghulam Mahmood) and two sons Qazi Najibuddin and Qazi Fasihuddin (d. 7 Jumada al-awwal 1242 AH / 1826). Both first worked in Nagpur and then Ajmer. Jamal Mohammad had one son Tahawar Ali.
Mohammad Sultan (son of Qazi Badruddin) was Mansabdar (3,000) and entitled with 'Khan' by Mughal emperor Muhammad Shah. He was first attached to the court of Baluch and then joined the services at Nawab Bahadur aka Jawed Khan. After the death of Nawab Bahadur, he joined as 'Mansab Buland' in the court of Raja Nagar Mal ‘Ummadul Mulk’. He also built a Haveli at Mohalla Qazi Wada, Tijara. He was married to Bibi Mohtarma (d. 10 Rabi' al-awwal 1204 AH / 1789 AD; daughter of Mufti Mohammad Raza of Rewari) and had one daughter Jamiatun Nisan and three sons – Mohammad Saleh, Hafiz Abul Barkat and Mohammd Saeed. These three brothers had big Risala (Risaldar).
Mohammad Saleh was great fighter and got martyred between the fight of Ehtishamud daula Nawab Ismail Beg Khan and Nawab Zulfiqarud daula Mirza Najaf Quli Khan. Mohammad Saleh was in the side of Nawab Ismail Khan. His body was taken to Tijara. The son of Mohammad Saleh Mohammad Asghar was quite a religious person. His son and grandson, Abul Karim and Haji Rafiuddin was great scholars and owned a big library. One of the manuscripts with his signature is extant in the library of Ibn Sina Academy of Medieval Medicine and Sciences. Haji Rafiuddin after marrying Qutubun Nisan had one son Haji Abdul Matin Khan
Hafiz Abul Barkat held important positions at Awadh and Deccan. Initially he was employed with Raja Nagar Mal and then served thirteen years in the court of Asaf-Ud-Dowlah with Mian Sahib Ilyas Ali Khan. Many Sowar were in his command. In Hyderabad also, he was employed with some relatives and posted at higher posts. He died in Golconda on 21 Ramadan 1219 AH / 1804 AD, where his grave was constructed by his son-in-law Ghulam Mohammad. His wife Bibi Zafarun Nisan was died on 17 Dhu al-Hijjah 1259 AH / 1853 AD in Tijara.
Mohammad Saeed got martyred near Dekhail, Rohtak on 6 Rabi' al-thani 1208 AH / 1793 AD when he was employed with Rai Hari Shamshir Jang Bahadur.
Ghulam Mahmood.
Ghulam Mahmood was born in Sha'aban 1120 AH / 1708 AD. After formal education, he remained first in the court of Burhanul Mulk Nawab Sadat Ali Khan and then Wazirul Mumalik Nawab Safdar Jang and finally with Nawab Wazir Shujauddaula with his 90 relatives from Pinangwan, Palwal, Rewari and Tijara. He was also a great scholar and physician. Many of his prescriptions are written in the Bayaz of Hakim Syed Karam Husain. He was married to Bibi Sanjida (died Muharram 1203 AH / 1788 AD) and had one son Ghulam Mohammad (born on 10 Shahban 1157 AH / 1744 AD).
Ghulam Mohammad was a scholar and physician like his father. He authored ‘Miratun Nisab’ based on family history. A copy of this manuscript dated 1202 AH / 1787 AD is extant in the library of Ibn Sina Academy of Medieval Medicine and Sciences. He remained in army and posted at Awadh, Hyderabad Deccan and Ajmer. In Awadh, he was employed in the court of Qasim Khan Mandal. He laid foundation of his Haveli in Tijara on 19 Rabi' al-awwal 1196 AH / 1781 AD which got completed in two years. He died in Ajmer on 1 Ramdan 1219 AH / 1804 AD. His grave is located at Takya, Gate Akbari, Ajmer. He had three sons Ghulam Masood, Ghulam Rasool and Ghulam Nabi.
Ghulam Masood (born 28 Jamadi awwal 1205 AH / 1790 AD) was employed in Ajmer and Nagpur. Lastly, he settled in Tijara. Ghulam Mansoor was his son.
Ghulam Nabi was very brave, good built and intelligent person. He kept interest in pharmacy and Spahigiri. He lived mostly in Nagpur and latterly joined 5th regiment of British India. He died in Tijara on 17 Rabi' al-awwal 1293 AH / 1876 AD at the age of 83 years. He was married to Najabun Nisan, daughter of Qazi Husain Ali at Jharsa(now a village at Gurgaon and had four sons Abdul Ghani, Ghulam Nasir, Wali Mohammad and Imtiaz Ali.
Marriage and children.
Ghulam Mansoor was married when he was 17 years on 24 Rajab 1253 AH / 1837 AD to his distant cousin Amarun Nisan (daughter of Qazi Ghulam Mohiuddin). He had two sons Abdul Ghafoor (b. 7 Ramadan 1263 AH / 1846 AD) and Hafiz Ghulam Ahmad Faroghi (b. 22 Muharram 1278 AH / 1860 AD) and two daughters Mahmoodun Nisan (b. 4 Jumada al-awwal 1269 AH / 1852 AD) and Makhdoomun Nisan (b. 10 Jumada al-Thani 1271 AH / 1854 AD).
Elder son Abdul Ghafoor was married to Bayazun Nisan (daughter of Hussainuddin). Reyazi Begum was his daughter. 
The younger son Hafiz Ghulam Ahmad Faroghi 
Makhdoomun Nisan was married to Abdul Qadeer ibn Fariduddin ibn Qazi Hisamuddin on 11 Ramdan 1283 AH / 1866 AD. She had one daughter Hakimun Nisan (married to Hakim Syed Karam Husain) and two sons Abdul Jalil and Ghulam Jilani.
Mahmoodun Nisan was married to Abid Hussain Abid. Abid Hussain 'Abid' was the youngest son of Ghulam Mehdi ibn Ghulam Askari ibn Salahuddin; also a nephew (sister's son) of Ghulam Mansoor. He was born on 21 Rabi' al-awwal 1265 AH/ 1848 AD, and was famous Urdu / Persian poet. More of his poetry was in Persian. He was 'Nazir' means 'Manager' in the Adalat Sadrus Sudoor. He did Hajj twice times. During the second Hajj, he was accompanied by Nawab Sultan Jahan Begum. He was resident of Khatla Pura, Bhopal. He died in 1922. He was married to his cousin Mahmoodun Nisan (daughter of Ghulam Mansoor). He was not only the uncle (Khalu) of Hakimun Nisan (wife of Hakim Syed Karam Husain but also the cousin of Makhdoomun Nisan (mother of Hakimun Nisan). He had three sons – Tajjamul Hussain 'Akhtar', Liaquat Hussain 'Sheda' and Ali Hasan 'Khandan' and two daughters Mahboon Nisan and Umrao Begum. These three sons were famous poets of Bhopal.

</doc>
<doc id="31149252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149252" title="Billoo Badshah">
Billoo Badshah

Billoo Badshah is a 1989 Indian film.

</doc>
<doc id="31149266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149266" title="António Zambujo">
António Zambujo

António Zambujo (born September 1975, Beja, Portugal) is a fado singer and composer. One of the characteristic qualities of his music is the presence of Canto Alentejano, a regional genera that influenced him while growing up in Beja. Since 2004, António Zambujo has been performing worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="31149282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149282" title="Jaisi Karni Waisi Bharnii">
Jaisi Karni Waisi Bharnii

Jaisi Karni Waisi Bharnii is a 1989 Indian film directed and produced by Vimal Kumar. It stars Govinda and Kimi Katkar in pivotal roles.
Plot.
The movie revolves around the fact that you reap what you sow.
Gangaram Verma has worked for the local municipality for several years, and is known in the community for being honest. Many contractor's have attempted to bribe him but never succeeded. During a felicitation ceremony for GangaRam, he rejects a garland of 1Lac rupees from one of the contractor's Prem Kumar. So Prem kumar decides to teach Gangaram a lesson. He hires Gangaram's only son, Vijay (who worships Lakshmi and hates being poor), in his office, and subsequently gets him married to his only daughter, Sapna. In course of time, they have a son Ravi. They then scheme to get Gangaram to trust them by showing Ravi, and upon doing so, they get him to sign his property to them As Ravi gets more attached to grandparents and also because Vijay and Sapna have got the property they make Gangaram and his wife, Laxmi, homeless. They then lie to Ravi that his grandparents are dead. Years go by, then one day Ravi comes across a coolie who resembles his grandfather. He follows him home, and gets to hear the truth from his lips, and decides to treat his mom and dad the same way they treated his grandparents, with shocking result

</doc>
<doc id="31149288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149288" title="Wharton, Cumbria">
Wharton, Cumbria

Wharton is a civil parish near Kirkby Stephen in the Eden District of Cumbria which, historically, was part of Westmorland. It has a population of 31. It has a Grade 1 listed house called Wharton Hall and a castle called Lammerside Castle.

</doc>
<doc id="31149313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149313" title="Paap Ka Ant">
Paap Ka Ant

Paap Ka Ant is a 1989 Indian film. 

</doc>
<doc id="31149349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149349" title="Shinya Murofushi">
Shinya Murofushi

Shinya Murofushi is a professional mixed martial artist from Japan. He competes in the strawweight division.
MMA career.
In 2006, Shinya Murofushi became the 2006 Shooto Rookie Champion in the organization's flyweight (114 lbs) division. Murofushi was known as the #2 strawweight with his strength on the ground and improving his standup, until losing to Takeshi Sato in 2009. He is still ranked top ten in his division by Shooto.

</doc>
<doc id="31149350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149350" title="Aakhri Baazi">
Aakhri Baazi

Aakhri Baazi is a 1989 Indian film directed by Ashim S. Samanta and starring Govinda, Shatrughan Sinha, Moushumi Chatterjee, Mandakini and Sonam.
Plot.
Ram Kumar (Govinda) lives a wealthy lifestyle in Calcutta with his brother, Prashant (Shatrughan Sinha) and Parvati (Moushumi Chatterjee), his sister-in-law. Since his school-days he had befriended a young orphan named Laxman (Kunal Goswami), who also lives with them. Years later, Ram and Laxman have grown up, and Laxman joins the Police Force. Impressed with Laxman's dedication and diligence, the Police Commissioner assigns him to take down the crime empire of a notorious underworld don called Cobra. Laxman is killed trying to arrest Cobra and Ram swears to avenge Laxman's death, and sets forth to seek Cobra. It is then Ram finds out that the man called Cobra may be Prashant himself. A series of double cross and deceit leads to a plot much more sinister than what Ram could have ever imagined. Is Prashant the real culprit or a victim of mistaken identity? How will Ram annihilate Cobra and his crime empire?

</doc>
<doc id="31149353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149353" title="Pearl Jam Radio">
Pearl Jam Radio

Pearl Jam Radio is a Sirius XM Radio channel playing music from American rock band Pearl Jam. It is heard on Sirius channel 22 (previously 17) and XM channel 22 (previously 39).
In addition to live, rare, studio, and b-side tracks from Pearl Jam, the channel also plays music from various Pearl Jam members' side projects (Brad, Mad Season, Temple of the Dog) as well as music that influenced Pearl Jam. Some of these bands include The Who and X.
This channel is not to be confused with the Pearl Jam radio station at PearlJam.com which is a different station with a different playlist.

</doc>
<doc id="31149364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149364" title="15th Military Police Brigade">
15th Military Police Brigade

The 15th Military Police Brigade, stationed at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, is an active duty United States Army internment and resettlement brigade under the United States Army Corrections Command.
History.
Originally Stationed in Germany, the 15th Military Police Brigade was the first military police brigade activated in the U.S. Army, only to be deactivated in 1976. On 28 Sept 2010, the United States Army Correctional Brigade was reflagged as the 15th Military Police Brigade.

</doc>
<doc id="31149371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149371" title="Avrom Reyzen">
Avrom Reyzen

Avrom Reyzen (Abraham Reisen) (1876 – 1953) was a Yiddish writer, poet and editor, and the elder brother of the Yiddishist Zalman Reisen. 
Reyzen was born in Koidanov (Minsk, eastern Belorussia). Supported by Yaknehoz (pseudonym of Yeshaye Nisn Hakoyen Goldberg), while in his early teens Reyzen sent articles to "Dos Yudishes folks-blat" in St Petersburg, Russia. 
He corresponded with Jacob Dinezon and I. L. Peretz. In 1891, they published Reyzen’s poem "Ven dos lebn is farbitert" ("When Life Is Embittered") in their "Di yudishe bibliotek" ("The Yiddish Library"). His first story, "A kapore der noz abi a goldener zeyger mit 300 rubl nadn" ("Damn the Nose, As Long As There Is a Dowry of a Watch and 300 Rubles") was published in Vilna in 1892. 
In 1895, he joined the Russian army, serving in a musicians’ unit until 1899. 
In addition to writing for the Zionist "Der yud", in 1900 Reyzen created the literary anthology "Dos tsvantsikste yorhundert" ("The Twentieth Century") which included work by I. L. Peretz, Hersh Dovid Nomberg, David Pinski, and others. A believer in the socialist ideology, Reyzen wrote for the Bund, sometimes under the pseudonym M. Vilner, during the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
In 1902, Reyzen published a poetry collection, "Tsayt lider" ("Poems of the Time"), and in 1903 issued a book of stories, "Ertseylungen un bilder" ("Stories and Scenes"). He wrote for "Der fraynd" and "Der tog" in St Petersburg.
A founder (with his brother Zalman, Chaim Zhitlovsky, I.L. Peretz, and his close friends Scholem Asch and Hersch Dovid Nomberg) of Yiddishism, he took part in the Czernowitz Yiddish Language Conference of 1908 at which Yiddish was proclaimed a national language of the Jews. 
In 1910, he began the Warsaw literary weekly "Eyropeyishe literatur" ("European Literature") and another called "Fraye erd" ("Free Land").
In early 1911, Reyzen moved to New York and contributed to "Forverts" and "Tsukunft". His "Troyerike motivn gevidmet oreme layt" ("Sad Motifs Dedicated to the Poor") was published (at Sholem Aleichem's recommendation) in Philadelphia’s "Shtot tsaytung". From 1929 he worked exclusively for "Forverts", where he wrote a story each week, without a break. In 1935 he completed the three-volume autobiographical "Epizodn fun mayn lebn" ("Episodes From My Life").
Irving Howe wrote about Reyzen:
"The miracle of a Reisen is not that he derives from the people but that he remains at harmony with them... Precisely because he regards being a Jew as a "natural" condition of life, beyond query or challenge, his poems and stories take his culture utterly for granted: they neither explain nor justify"
At his death in 1953, Reyzen was eulogized:
"There are many Yiddish writers who owe their success to Reisen's encouragement. For years he published and edited, under great sacrifices, Yiddish journals with the primary aim of providing a platform for young, struggling writers... He had no arrogance, no pretensions and no personal vanity."

</doc>
<doc id="31149379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149379" title="Hafen">
Hafen

Hafen or Häfen may refer to the following topics:

</doc>
<doc id="31149383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149383" title="Tohfa Mohabbat Ka">
Tohfa Mohabbat Ka

Tohfa Mohabbat Ka is a 1988 Indian film. 

</doc>
<doc id="31149384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149384" title="Lyceum International School">
Lyceum International School

The Lyceum International School, popularly known as LIS, is a private International school providing primary and secondary education in Sri Lanka.
Lyceum International School Nugegoda(LN).
Born on 14 June 1993, Lyceum International School, Nugegoda is the dream of our Founder and Managing Director, Mr. Mohan Lal Grero. From simple beginnings with 7 students and 5 teachers - the power of his dream has taken it to great heights, for today the Lyceum is one of the leading international school in Sri Lanka spearheaded by the parent school in Nugegoda and eight branch schools in Kandana(LK), Panadura(LP), Wattala(LW), Ratnapura(LR), Yakkala(LY), Gampaha(LG), Kohuwala(LN), Nuwara Eliya(LE) and Anuradhapura(LA)
History.
Lyceum Academy for higher education was founded by its managing director Mr. Mohan Lal Grero on 7 September 1989. This was situated at Raymond road Nugegoda where the present campus stands. At that time Lyceum had only two class rooms and the organization had only external students. The Lyceum International School at Nugegoda commenced on 14 June 1993 with only 7 students and 5 teachers. Lyceum currently is one of the largest International Schools in the island with branch schools located throughout the island including: Nugegoda (Parent School), Wattala, Kandana, Panadura, Ratnapura, Gampaha, Kohuwela, Nuwara Eliya and Anuradhapura.
Curriculum.
Lyceum International is an academically oriented school that provides its student body with the unique exposure to both educational and social as well as physical abilities by offering them an innovative array of subject choices as well as giving them the opportunity and encouraging them to participate in any extra curricular activities of their choice. In the academical level, Lyceum prepares its senior school students to sit for the Cambridge International Examinations for their Ordinary Levels and Advanced Level Examinations endorsed by the University of Cambridge UK. Lyceum has produced some of the best results in this examinations with several students obtaining world best results for subjects including Human Biology and English Literature and others obtaining island best for quite a number of subjects.
Also since the year 2010, Lyceum has begun to follow a new syllabus in addition to the Cambridge Syllabus where the students are able to join the National O/L or A/L class where they receive the ability to apply for either a foreign university of their choice or are able to join a local university depending on their procured results at the GCE Advanced Level Examination.
Achievements.
MUN(MODEL UNITED NATIONS CLUB)
Lyceum is an annual participant of COMUN (Colombo Model United Nations) and SLMUN (Sri Lanka Model United Nations) and the lyceum delegation has won the best school and best delegation award in the COMUN 2011 Conference along with several other awards and has also been runners up in most of the previous conferences.Lyceum International School Wattala Branch also has participated in COMUN 2012 Conference winning GA2 Best Delegate Award and also a Honorary Mention in the Committee of ECOSOC.
Lyceum International School Nugegoda Branch annually Hosts LISMUN Conference.
INTER INTERNATIONAL SCHOOLS SWIMMING
Lyceum received the first place in the inter international schools swimming meet in the year 2011 after being runners up in the year 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="31149412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149412" title="Shiv Shakti">
Shiv Shakti

Shiv Shakti is a 1988 Indian film.
Film Songs.
"Holi Main Dil Se Dil Mila Lo" - Singer(s) Alka Yagnik & Mohd Aziz
"Peechha Na Chhodoongi" - Singer(s) Alka Yagnik & Kishore Kumar
"Mehfil Mein Hum Kya Aaye" - Singer(s) Alka Yagnik & Shatrughan Sinha

</doc>
<doc id="31149428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149428" title="Liujia Line">
Liujia Line

The Liujia Line () is a branch line of the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Western Line. It is located in Hsinchu County, Taiwan. It was built to link the Western Line to the THSR's Hsinchu Station, speeding up transit times between the two forms of rail service and, by extension, downtown Hsinchu City. The opening of the line experienced slight delays and eventually opened in November 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31149433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149433" title="Pyaar Mohabbat">
Pyaar Mohabbat

Pyaar Mohabbat is a 1988 Indian film directed by Ajay Kashyap.

</doc>
<doc id="31149440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149440" title="Francis Trask">
Francis Trask

Francis Reuben Trask (1840 – 5 April 1910) was a 20th-century Member of the Legislative Council from Nelson, New Zealand and Mayor of Nelson. He also served on the Nelson Harbour Board from its inception.
Early life.
Trask was born in Merriott, Somersetshire, England in 1840. He migrated to Christchurch on the barque "Minorca" in 1860.
From Christchurch he moved to the Otago goldfields and stayed at Wetherstones Gully. After a few months he moved again to Nelson, where he settled. Trask married Emily Osborne Mercer in 1864 at Nelson. He ran a butchery business. Trask's residence in Nelson was "Gunnersbury House" and was located in Collingwood Street. The house was noted as one of the best in Nelson. The Trask's had four children.
Political career.
Local government.
In 1878 he was elected as a city councillor until being elected Mayor in 1890. Trask became Mayor during a typhoid epidemic in the city. He kept a steady course through the 1895-1897 depression. Happier moments came in 1892 when the enthusiastic 50th jubilee celebration of Nelson took place.
The most notable works during his term were the Rocks Road, a new main road from the town to the country, by way of the sea coast, and the Queens Gardens. He remained Mayor until 20 December 1899 when he was succeeded by Joseph Auty Harley.
Rocks Road.
In the mid-1870s Thomas Harley, a Nelson City councillor, proposed what he called 'a half-tide roadway' around the rocky shoreline between Nelson Haven and Tahunanui. Trask was very involved in advancing this project. A Government subsidy was approved for the road in the early 1880s for Nelson City and Waimea County.
Samuel Jickell, AMICE, Nelson City Engineer designed the proposed road and seawall in 1885. In 1891 Jickell estimated that the cost would be about £8,000, but it proved more difficult and expensive than expected, and the final cost was almost £12,000. Work began on site in early 1892.
The seawall was constructed from large rectangular rebated precast concrete blockwork. Cecil Nash, a pioneer of the Nelson tobacco industry, is said to have made the concrete blocks near Albion Wharf. They were taken to the site by sea. Convict labour was used to build the eastern section of the wall. Twenty convicts from Shelbourne Stree Goal were marched each morning to Rocks Road. They wore ringed jerseys of black and yellow and were known as 'Sam Jickell's football team'.
Waimea County was responsible for work up to its boundary at Magazine point (so named for the cache of explosives kept in a cave there).
By 1895 the new sea wall had been built and a rough narrow roadway was available. The route was still hazardous from wave action and from rockfalls from overhands on the cliffs along the road. It had looped ropes and lifebuoys along the seawall. By late 1897 the road had been surfaced with gravel. Substantial stanchions and chains were installed along the western section of the wall-top with money donated by John Tinline, a pioneer settler, and Mr Tyler, an Englishman, by early 1898.
Queens Gardens (the Eel Pond).
Queens Gardens are located to the east of the city centre within a detached residual bend of the Maitai River known as the 'Eel Pond'. This U-shaped body of water was used for food gathering by the local Maori.
In 1841, when the first British immigrants arrived in the area, the land was progressively cleared of bush. In 1842 it was set aside as an abattoir and served this and a variety of other purposes until the 1880s. By this time the Eel Pond was an eyesore and needed attention.
In 1887 Trask suggested that for Nelson’s commemoration of Queen Victoria’s Golden Jubilee a garden be created. At that time Nelson was well established, but remained one of the few towns in New Zealand that did not have a public garden. On 22 June 1887, the area was dedicated 'the Queens Gardens' as part of the commemoration of Queen Victoria's 50th Jubilee celebrations.
A competition to design the gardens was won by Antequil F. T. Somerville, whose design retained the pond much in its existing shape, and featured a wooded, formal perimeter with avenues of trees and shrubs, and a more formal and open central axis for promenading and civic functions. Included in the design was a rustic bridge over the pond, a band rotunda and a fernery. Work commenced in about 1888 and in 1892, Nelson's 50th Jubilee year, the Gardens were formally opened. Commemorative trees were planted at the opening and, over the next decade, the garden was developed.
The southern garden gates to the gardens are a memorial to Trask.
50th jubilee.
Trask oversaw Nelson's 1892 celebration of its 50th jubilee. The city had changed from the cluster of tents and huts in 1842 to a small city. The celebrations lasted a week and included a church service and parade attended by Prime Minister Seddon. A dinner for ‘old settlers’, a ball for a select 300, and a fair at Trafalgar Park where 5,000 people turned out to enjoy sideshows, a merry-go-round, bands and plenty of food and beer were held.
Trask's signal cannons.
The Nelson City Council now has two signalling cannons, thought to originate from the wreck of the "Fifeshire", sitting in the Council Chamber.
The cannons were manufactured at a foundry in Tavistock, England. It is thought the ship's Captain gave them to the Mayor of the time, thanking the community for the care of the crew and himself. But this seems unlikely as the "Fifeshire" ran aground at Nelson in 1842, before there was a mayor or settlement.
The ship's Captain and part owner, Arnold, tendered refloating the vessel through Mr Poynter, a solicitor, at Nelson. This was unsuccessful and the auction was held for what remained of the ship where it lay. This too seemed to be unsuccessful and the ship was acquired by Mr Poynter. Poynter died on 31 August 1868 and his estate was either bequeathed or sold. Trask could have acquired the cannons at that time, although this is speculative.
What is known is that Trask displayed the cannons outside his home for many years. In February 1906, during the Nelson Carnival, one of the cannons was removed as a prank from outside his house and later recovered by the Police. Their last owner, William David Stoney Johnston, bequeathed them to Nelson City Council when he died in 1999. After restoration, the cannons and carriages were given to Council in 2005.
Legislative Council.
Trask was appointed to the Legislative Council on 18 March 1903 and served until his death in 1910, after just having been appointed for his second seven-year term.
Other community service.
Trask served for several years on the Town Schools Committee, was a director of the Nelson Permanent Building Society from 20 May 1890, and took a very keen interest in friendly society matters, being a member of both the Court Robin Hood, A.0.F., and the Howard Lodge M.U. I.O.O.F. Trask was chair of orders and was a trustee of the Nelson District A.O.F.
He was also a member of the Nelson Jockey Club and the Nelson Trotting Club, being both a steward and on the committee of Trotting Club. Trask was also a member of the Nelson Bowling Club, having been President for one term. He had identified himself with other branches of sport by allowing his name to appear as a vice-president in the list of officers. Trask was a Justice of the Peace for many years and a member and past president of the City Club.
Trask was also a juror on the Maungatapu murder trial.
Death.
Trask died on 5 April 1910.

</doc>
<doc id="31149453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149453" title="Silicon Border">
Silicon Border

Silicon Border is an empty development tailored to the specific needs of high-technology manufacturing located in Mexicali, along the western border of the United States of America and Mexico. The effort of the proposed industrial park, which began in 2004, is to transform Mexicali into the world's next semiconductor manufacturing center. The Mexican federal and Baja California state governments have committed more than $2 million to the design and manufacturing of the project, without any referendum which legalizes the use of public money for private projects. To no avail, former President Vicente Fox has also offered 10 years of tax-free status to any firms that locate in the park and invest $1 billion or more, since the park sits empty after the project has been promoted for 10 years. Silicon Border’s vision is to provide Mexico with an infrastructure that enables high-tech companies anywhere in the world to move manufacturing operations to the country and exploit its competitive advantages such as geographical location, human capital, research, legal and tax benefits, intellectual property, international treaties and logistics provided by the country for manufacturing high technology products while allowing research to develop processes, design, fabrication and testing able to compete with Asian operations and costs.
Q-Cells, the world's largest manufacturer of photovoltaic cells, has manifested its intention to develop a major thin film photovoltaic manufacturing facility at Silicon Border. With the global economic crisis of 2008, Q-Cells delayed its plans to settle in the park. A variety of electrical and water facilities are already built at Silicon Border in addition to energy-saving lighting. The infrastructure build-out, financed by ING Clarion, consists of potable water plant and distribution, fiber optic telephone and data cable, power substations, and waste treatment facilities. Silicon Border not only provides manufacturing space to companies creating "green" products, but does so in an environmentally conscious manner.
The Autonomous University of Baja California and CETYS, a private not-for-profit university located in Mexicali, have started new programs such as Aerospace Engineering, Semiconductors and Microelectronics Engineering, Renewable Energy Engineering, Bioengineering, History and Sociology to prepare the required human capital for potential high-tech firms.
California's Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger promoted cooperation with the project and has encouraged economic partnerships with Silicon Border in his radio addresses. At the beginning of 2006, the California governor created the “California/Baja Silicon Border Work Group,” run by deputy secretary of the California Business, Transportation, and Housing Agency, Yolanda Benson. State officials promised to hasten the roadways needed to link up with those being built for Silicon Border in Mexico.
Silicon Border is the only site in North America with abundant and inexpensive electrical power, natural gas and water, as well as a large labor pool of high skilled and motivated individuals. The area is supplied with water from the Colorado River and a major electrical sub-station supplied by three separate power plants. Infrastructure improvements associated with the proposed project include a new highway (under construction) and an additional border crossing. Silicon Border estimates that in ten years following the onset of development, the Silicon Border Science Park could generate 100,000 jobs, both within Mexico and the U.S.

</doc>
<doc id="31149455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149455" title="Weber Institute">
Weber Institute

Captain Charles M. Weber of Applied Science and Technology, often simply abbreviated as Weber Institute,is a public school serving grades 9-12. It is in the Stockton Unified School District. It has an enrollment of 500 (approximately).
History.
Weber Institute was founded as a "specialty" school that specializes in the fields of technology, health and automobile maintenance. Incoming freshman have to fill out an application form and write an essay describing why they would like to attend Weber. Weber was named after Captain Charles M. Weber, the founding father of the city of Stockton.
Academics.
Weber Institute is divided into three academies technology, which consist of classes like webpage design, drafting, digital arts, ditigal graphics, photography, multimedia, 3-D modeling, and more recently video game design. Health has like courses like health class and biology. Automobile deals with cars, repairing them or modefing them. In addition to these academies, Weber also has the freshman academy in which freshman take general courses before choosing any of the previous academy.
Extracurriculars.
Clubs.
Weber Institute has many clubs and activities such as Key Club, in which student do community services to the local area within the city. SkillsUSA, which helps students compete against each other which helps gained knowledge for the work force and has been successful with students.

</doc>
<doc id="31149458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149458" title="Ghar Mein Ram Gali Mein Shyam">
Ghar Mein Ram Gali Mein Shyam

Ghar Mein Ram Gali Mein Shyam is a 1988 Indian film. The movie is a remake of Intlo Ramayya Veedilo Krishnayya, which was directed by Kodi Ramakrishna and starred Chiranjeevi.

</doc>
<doc id="31149462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149462" title="Ognissanti Madonna">
Ognissanti Madonna

Madonna Enthroned, also known as the Ognissanti Madonna, is a painting by the Italian late medieval artist Giotto di Bondone, housed in the Uffizi Gallery of Florence, Italy.
The painting has a traditional Christian subject, representing the Virgin Mary and the Christ Child seated on her lap, with saints and angels surrounding them on all sides. This particular representation of the Virgin is called a Maestà, a popular representation at the time. It is often celebrated as the first painting of the Renaissance due to its newfound naturalism and escape from the constraints of Gothic art.
It is generally dated to around 1310. While historians have had trouble finding specific information for indisputably attributing many of Giotto's works to the artist, "Madonna Enthroned" is one piece for which there are a few documents supporting its creation by Giotto. There are many sources that show he spent many years living and creating in Florence. However, the main source that documents "Madonna Enthroned" specifically is artist Lorenzo Ghiberti's autobiography, "I Commentarii" (1447). An earlier manuscript document of 1418 also attributes the painting to Giotto, but it is Ghiberti's autobiography that provides the most solid evidence.
One of Giotto's later works, "Madonna Enthroned" was completed in Florence, upon the artist's return to the city. It was originally painted for the Ognissanti Franciscan church in Florence. Built for the Humiliati, a small religious order at the time, the church had many acclaimed paintings designed for it. Specifically, Giotto's "Madonna Enthroned" was designed for the high altar.
Influences.
The "Madonna Enthroned" show the numerous styles of art that influenced Giotto. In both the gold coloring used throughout the artwork and the flattened gold background, Giotto's art continued the traditional Italo-Byzantine style so popular in the proto-Renaissance time period. The altarpiece represents a formalized representation of an icon, still retaining the stiffness of Byzantine art, and Giotto retained the hierarchy of scale, making the centralized Madonna and the Christ Child much larger in size than the surrounding saints and religious figures.
Giotto's figures however escape the bounds of Byzantine art. His figures are weighty and are reminiscent of three-dimensional sculptures, such as that in classical Roman sculpture. The Madonna's intricately decorated throne, which itself is an Italian Gothic design, has a very specific use of colored marble as a surface decoration. This use of marble was a style that ended in the early Christian time period, and thus gives a clue that Giotto was knowledgeable of art of that time period.
There were, additionally, a number of specific artists whose styles heavily influenced "The Ognissanti Madonna". The influence of Cimabue, traditionally recognized as Giotto's teacher, is shown first in the very symmetrical composition of the piece. Cimabue portrayed the same subject in his 1280 "Virgin and Child Enthroned", and both pieces share aspects of the Italo-Byzantine style, with Cimabue's having more Byzantine attributes. Additionally, the two depictions of the angels' wings in Giotto and Cimabue's pieces clearly resemble each other. Both pieces share a similar, initial feeling of severity, yet there is more to each piece than the drama. Giotto adopted from his teacher the importance of, and the concern for, volume and forms in space. 
The tranquility of Giotto's figures resembled also the style of Pietro Cavallini. From this artist, who painted neo-Byzantine pieces, taking cues from both mosaics and frescos from Roman and Early Christian times, Giotto took important lessons in the technique of painting, and in rendering figures as statuesque and calm.<br> Lastly, Giotto took cues from many contemporary sculptors, including Nicola and Giovanni Pisano, whose work shares influences of Northern Gothic art. In the work of these artists, Giotto saw great, dramatic compositions that would certainly influence his "Ognissanti Madonna".
Technique.
Giotto was the first artist to depict three-dimensional figures in western European art. Additionally, he used a much smaller space than other contemporary artists, further emphasizing the importance of the bodies in the artwork. Giotto did away with many aspects of Byzantine art that would flatten the painting. Within Cimabue's "Virgin and Child Enthroned", there is the use of gold tracing to delineate the folds of the fabric. In contrast to this, Giotto's fabric folds are more realistic, and instead of lines he used light, shadow, and color to create the appearance of fabric. Contours of the body underneath these fabric folds are also visible, specifically in the Virgin's knees and also around her breasts. 
Giotto employs the technique of chiaroscuro, or the use of contrasts of light to achieve a sense of volume in his figures, giving them the slight smokiness that is usually characteristic of Leonardo da Vinci and later Renaissance artists.

</doc>
<doc id="31149464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149464" title="Crazy Town (disambiguation)">
Crazy Town (disambiguation)

Crazy Town may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31149467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149467" title="Al Joumhouria">
Al Joumhouria

Al Joumhouria () (literally The Republic) is a Lebanese daily newspaper founded in 1924.
History.
After its founding in 1924, "Al Joumhouria" ceased publication for an extended period. At attempt at resuming in 1985 was not completed because of the Lebanese Civil War. A second, by owner and editor Elias Murr in 2005, was halted when a failed assassination attempt left Murr with serious injuries. Finally the paper was published on 28 February 2011, the first issue since the initial cessation of publication. Its release was accompanied by a significant advertising campaign featuring the paper's motto, "when silence became betrayal, "Al Joumhouria" spoke."
Content.
The paper is organized into sections: Local and international mews, business, arts, science, health, style, culture, sports, technology, and religion; over 32 color pages. It is also available on for iPad—making "Al Joumhouria" the first Lebanese Arabic newspaper with an iPad application—and e-reader devices.
Leading caricaturist Pierre Sadek worked for the daily until his death in April 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="31149489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149489" title="Sambuddhatva jayanthi">
Sambuddhatva jayanthi

Sambuddhatva jayanthi, also known as Sambuddha jayanthi and Buddha Jayanti (), is a religious festival in relation with the Vesak. In the Buddhist world it is celebrated in several Theravada countries including Nepal, Sri Lanka, and in Buddhist communities of other countries. This auspicious day is hugely celebrated in many parts of the world, predominately Lumbini, Nepal - the birthplace of Gautam Buddha. Buddha's Enlightenment is highlighted and teachings of Buddha preserved in pali canon become more popular in this period among Buddhists who follow the Theravada.

</doc>
<doc id="31149496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149496" title="Van Howard">
Van Howard

Van Howard (born Clifton Howard Vandevender; March 1, 1929 - October 2, 2012) was an American Country music singer, songwriter and guitarist. Van Howard is best known as the front man for Ray Price from 1954 through 1958 with Price's band, the Cherokee Cowboys.
Personal life.
Van was born into a musical family on a crisp, windy morning in Grady, New Mexico (36 miles north of Clovis, New Mexico), Van grew up on a 'dry land' farm during The Great Depression with his older brother & sister, learning responsibility at a young age. Van's family life was centered around school, basketball & the country church where he sang and often played. Van's Mom taught him a few chords on the guitar when he was about 8 years old and that planted the seed for a whole new world for him. Van's family listened to the Grand Ole Opry every Saturday night via a battery powered radio where he learned all of the country 'hits' & dreamed of being a performer.
At the age of 13, Van's uncle sponsored a weekly radio program for him every Saturday on station KICA in Clovis, NM. Van had his own radio show. He played his guitar and sang from his planned program and took requests by mail & worked them into the mix. Van began singing more and more for special events, as well as school and church.
Van played basketball all through school & was selected to All County, All District & the North/South All Star teams for New Mexico in high school. Eastern New Mexico University recruited Van to play for them when he graduated from high school. Van made the team, but during the first game tripped and broke his ankle. Even though he couldn't play basketball, the University asked him to join a choral group that they used to promote the college. At the end of the year, Van returned to Clovis and began working in a local bank. He was still able to sing on weekends and evenings.
Early life and career.
In 1951, Van went to Dallas, Texas to make a 'demo record'. The talent scout for the Louisiana Hayride was there and strictly by accident heard him singing. The talent scout invited Van to move to Shreveport, LA and join the Hayride as one of the new singing talents. Since the pay was only $5.00 per week, the talent scout helped Van find a job in a local bank. Two weeks later Van arrived in Shreveport, ready to perform. Being on shows and working closely with stars like Jim Reeves, Johnnie & Jack, Slim Whitman, Faron Young, Webb Pierce, Red Sovine & Hank Williams was more than this country boy could have ever imagined. In 1954, Lefty Frizzell came to the Hayride looking for a band to accompany him on a 6 month tour on the West Coast. Floyd Cramer (piano), Jimmy Day (steel), DJ Fontana (drums), Bill Peters (fiddle), Chuck Wiginton (bass) & Van (rhythm & vocals) formed the band & joined Lefty. They left Shreveport to 'make their fortunes in the music business'! The tour was very successful & the band became popular. They performed with Tennessee Ernie Ford on his TV show in Hollywood as well as with Tex Williams & his fabulous band.
During the tour, Lefty's manager (Al) began working with Ray Price. Near the end of the relationship with Lefty, Al called Van and asked if he would join Ray's 9-piece western swing band as their front man. Van became a part of the Cherokee Cowboys in late 1954 where he opened each show and did all the vocals when Ray was not on stage. Since Ray was a member of the Grand Ole Opry, Van too, became a part of that great country show. Van was chosen to be the Master of Ceremony for each tour Ray and Van did together. They traveled with every artist that performed on The Opry at various times during the year. Sometimes there would be 10 stars on the same tour.
One day as Ray was practicing a new song, Van began to sing harmony with him. Ray looked at Van and said, "that sounds pretty good!" After they practiced as a duet, Ray decided to record it, with Van singing the high harmony. A new sound was born when they recorded "Crazy Arms" for Columbia Records, which became the No. 1 country song on the charts for over 4 months. They recorded about 15 more duets and at least 10 of them reached the top 10 in the country music charts over the next few years. Van continued to travel with the band until November 1959. Realizing that constantly "being on the road", poor eating habits, loss of rest and the wrong lifestyle, Van left Nashville and the glamour of the stage to be with his family.
Late career.
Van moved to Dallas in 1960 and again entered the banking profession. Over the next 31 years, Van rose from Cashier to the office of Sr. Vice President. Van changed careers again in 1991, becoming a Customer Service Rep. for a Computer Software outsourcing firm.
Soon after moving to Dallas, Van met his future wife, Charlotte ("Chatsey"). They married on January 18, 1964. The couple has two daughters and six grandchildren.
Van retired from the business world in March 2008. He died in Dallas on October 2, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="31149556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149556" title="Pleurotus australis">
Pleurotus australis

Pleurotus australis, the brown oyster mushroom, is a gilled fungus native to Australia and New Zealand. It is found on dead wood. Although morphologically similar to some other "Pleurotus" fungi, it has been shown to be a distinct species incapable of cross-breeding.

</doc>
<doc id="31149565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149565" title="Candy Pangilinan">
Candy Pangilinan

Candy Pangilinan (born May 8, 1972) is a Filipino film and television actress and comedian. She was widely criticised in 2009 after she insulted the Igorot people during a performance.

</doc>
<doc id="31149574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149574" title="David Arkenstone discography">
David Arkenstone discography

The discography of David Arkenstone consists of forty-one studio albums, one live album, and one soundtrack. Arkenstone has also been included on four compilation albums, and released an additional four albums with his trio, Troika. Additionally, he has composed a number of songs for the game "World of Warcraft".

</doc>
<doc id="31149590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149590" title="Green Groove">
Green Groove

Green Groove was a live radio show hosted by Tanhum Yoreh and Rinat Cohen on Mount Scopus Radio in Jerusalem, 106 FM, from 2005-2007. The show aired for one hour every Sunday evening and focused on Israeli, Middle-Eastern, and global green issues, combined with eclectic music. The show was designed to get people “grooving” with the environment.
Background.
Yoreh and Cohen met while studying for their Masters degree in Environmental Planning at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem’s Department of Geography. They co-hosted the show in 2005, after which Cohen went on medical leave. The second season was hosted by Yoreh with frequent telephone appearances and occasional visits to the studio by Cohen. In 2007, Cohen returned to co-host the third and final season of Green Groove. Their dialogue was characterized by a relaxed banter, which often erupted into lively discussion.
Music.
Yoreh and Cohen were dedicated to exposing emerging Israeli musical talents and occasionally hosted musicians in the studio. Among their guest artists were Reggaestan and Malka Baia. 
As part of their dedication to the Israeli music scene, a corner was given to music guru Amir Amrami, a.k.a. Amrami Mami. Every week Amrami introduced new artists who by and large did not receive airtime from the mainstream radio stations.
Jingle.
Green Groove’s catchy jingle sampled the Chi-Lites’ hit song “For God’s Sake Give More Power to the People.” The song was chosen for its high groove factor and because it embodied one of the main objectives of the show – to empower the public through information.
Interviews.
Green Groove conducted at least one interview each show, and over the course of its three seasons hundreds of interviews. Most notably, with: former Minister of Environment, Yossi Sarid; former Minister of Environmental Protection, Gidon Ezra; former Minister of Agriculture, Haim Oron; former Minister of Welfare and Social Services, Zevulun Orlev; current Minister of National Infrastructure, Uzi Landau; Deputy Mayor of Jerusalem, Naomi Tzur; former Governor of the State of Paraná, Brazil, Jaime Lerner; television celebrity, Avri Gilad and many other Members of Knesset, C.E.O.s of Israeli cleantech companies (as well as polluting ones), academics, planners, celebrities, and environmentalists.
Campaigns.
Say No to the 3rd Generation
In the second season, Green Groove launched a campaign against 3rd generation (3G) cellular phones because, in order to support the advanced network, the number of cellular antennas had to triple. The lack of transparency in the process of erecting these new antennas, as well as concerns about links made between these antennas and some types of cancer caused by increased radiation, inspired Yoreh and Cohen to come out against the 3G network.
Clean Profit Corner.
In the third season of Green Groove, Yoreh and Cohen decided to launch a new corner highlighting Israeli cleantech companies and exposing their technologies to the Israeli public. For the remainder of the show a different company was featured almost every week, and their innovative technology was usually discussed with the C.E.O. or founder of the company. Some examples of the companies featured are Genova Ltd. (pyrolysis and gasification of biomass waste), Arrow Ecology Ltd. (environmental management services), and S.D.E. Energy Ltd. (sea wave energy), all of which are in operation today.
Logo.
The Green Groove logo was envisioned by Yoreh and brought to life by graphic designer Adi Daniella Ramot. T-shirts with the original logo were printed in 2005 and more were printed in 2006 with the boom-box design. Both shirts have the “reduce, recycle, regroove” logo on the back. They have become rare collector’s items in certain circles. The shirts were given as memorabilia to guests on the show and occasionally to listeners who would answer environmental trivia questions or discover the link between the songs featured each week.
Awards.
In 2007, the show was awarded third place in the Pratt Prize Competition for Environmental Journalism in Israel. The panel of judges, which was headed by former Minister of Environment, Yossi Sarid, noted that they were particularly impressed with Green Groove’s commitment to exposing the Israeli public to the environmental platforms of different political parties during the 2006 general elections in Israel.

</doc>
<doc id="31149596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149596" title="A. U. Wyman">
A. U. Wyman

Albert U. Wyman (1833 – 1915) was a United States banker who served as Treasurer of the United States from 1876 to 1877 and then again from 1883 to 1885.
Wyman was raised in Madison, Wisconsin. After completing a common school education, he joined his father's printing office. He later went into banking, working first in Madison and then in Omaha, Nebraska.
In 1863, Wyman became a clerk in the Office of the Treasurer of the United States. He was then appointed Assistant Cashier, holding that office until resigning on January 1, 1868. He returned to the Office of the Treasurer of the United States on April 1, 1875, becoming Assistant Treasurer. 
On June 28, 1876, President of the United States Ulysses S. Grant nominated Wyman to be Treasurer of the United States, and he was confirmed by the United States Senate the next day. He assumed office on July 8, 1876 and held office until July 1, 1877. He re-joined the Office of the Treasurer of the United States on September 1879 as Cashier. In 1883, President Chester A. Arthur nominated Wyman to be Treasurer of the United States for a second time, and Wyman held that office from April 1, 1883 to April 30, 1885.
Wyman then returned to Omaha to work as a banker for the Omaha Trust Company, eventually becoming its president.

</doc>
<doc id="31149611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149611" title="Red Nation">
Red Nation

"Red Nation" is a song by American rapper and West Coast hip hop artist Game featuring vocals from rapper Lil Wayne, from his anticipated fourth studio album "The R.E.D. Album". Released as the album's lead single on April 12, 2011, the song was written by Game and Lil Wayne, and it was produced by Miami-based production duo Cool & Dre, noted for producing three of Game's singles including the 2005 smash hit single "Hate It or Love It" which featured vocals from former fellow G-Unit member rapper 50 Cent. The single also marks the second collaboration between Game and Lil Wayne, their first collaboration being on Game's 2008 single "My Life" from his third studio album "LAX" (2008), which featured vocals from Lil Wayne during the song's chorus. The song features a music sample of the nightclub hit "Kernkraft 400" (2000) (German for "Nuclear Energy 400") performed by German techno and electro band Zombie Nation from their debut album "Leichenschmaus" (1999).
The song's sample of "Kernkraft 400" is considered one of the most famous songs of electronic dance music and a tune often played at sporting events. The single was also thought to be and mark Game's first song to be released back under the Aftermath Entertainment and Interscope Records labels, the two record labels that released his debut studio album "The Documentary" (2005), after resigning back with Interscope Records back in 2009 later resigning back with Aftermath Entertainment in early 2010, and before a beef with former fellow G-Unit labelmate and group member 50 Cent caused him to release his two following albums and singles on Geffen Records, but this was proved untrue. On March 10, 2011 Game sent the single to Hip hop DJ Funkmaster Flex whom premiered it on his popular radio show on WQHT Hot 97 in New York City, New York. The song was well received by listeners unlike his previous four released singles.
In the United States, "Red Nation" debuted at the number 62 position on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The music video for the song was directed by Parris, and it premiered on Thursday, May 12, 2011. The video had been banned from airing on cable networks MTV and BET due to being deemed inappropriate and being a portrayal of gang culture, causing a controversy due to Game's alleged affiliation with the notorious Los Angeles gang the Bloods. However, Game refused to let the snub derail his plans for promotion, so he still vowed to release the video online so fans can form their own opinions about the controversy for themselves. After the music video quickly received over 3 million views on YouTube, there were rumors that BET and MTV were reconsidering airing the banned "Red Nation" video.
Background.
After having a few false starts with chart failing singles, starting back with 2009's "Krazy" (which featured both Gucci Mane & Timbaland) and "Big Money" followed by 2010's "It Must Be Me" (in which it featured Pharrell) and "Ain't No Doubt About It" (which it featured Justin Timberlake & Pharrell) all failing to chart, Game decided to have them all removed from the album and instead release them on mixtapes, those including on "The Red Room" and the "Brake Lights" mixtapes. With the album also reportedly suffering numerous delays since 2009, Game also decided to have canceled a series of listening sessions so that he could focus on recording new material for the album. 
Later in 2011 following the release of his critical acclaim mixtape "Purp & Patron", which immediately became widely praised as one of the best hip hop mixtapes of 2011. After generating buzz from the mixtape, Game regained the center of attention on when he was officially going to release the album's official single. Later on March 2, 2011 it was confirmed by producers Cool & Dre via their Twitter that the first official single from the album would be titled "Red Nation".
In the beginning there was rumors that surfaced around that the single would feature all three rappers Wiz Khalifa, B.o.B and Lil Wayne, but on March 7, 2011 it was confirmed by Cool & Dre via their Twitter that the single would not feature Wiz Khalifa nor B.o.B, only leaving Lil Wayne in question if he then only be the one to be featured on the song. Later on March 8, 2011 it was officially said by Sean "Diddy" Combs via his Twitter that the single would indeed feature rapper Lil Wayne.
Composition.
"Red Nation" features rap verses from Game and vocals from Lil Wayne during the song's chorus, who is credited as a featured artist. It is an anthemic rap hip hop song with influences of techno and electro. The track also has pop-rap musical styles. The song contains a music sample of the 2000 single "Kernkraft 400" by the band Zombie Nation, the sample being a jolt of electro with synths and piano complementing a sampled techno riff. The song "Kernkraft 400" (German for "Nuclear Energy 400") is considered one of the most famous songs of electronic dance music and a tune often played at sporting events, the song, specifically titled as the "Sport Chant Remix" or the "Sport Chant Stadium Remix", is popular at North American sporting events for goals, home runs, and other celebrations. This version of the song is known by its signature "Whoa-oh-oh" chanting at the beginning of the song.
Premiere and release.
On March 10, 2011, Game sent "Red Nation" to Hip hop DJ Funkmaster Flex where he officially premiered it on his popular radio show on WQHT Hot 97 in New York City, New York. The song was well received by listeners unlike his previous four released singles. Anticipated by fans to be officially released, "Red Nation" was officially released to the iTunes Store on April 12, 2011 in the United States. Later on April 15, 2011 the single was officially released in both Australia and Switzerland, then later it was officially released worldwide on May 3, 2011.
Critical reception.
Amanda Hensel from "PopCrush" gave the song a positive review, saying the song "will get you out of your seat cheering for the rapper’s much anticipated return, but we could see the second single coming in strong."
Chart performance.
In the United States, "Red Nation" debuted at the number 62 position on the "Billboard" Hot 100, on the issue dated April 30, 2011. "Red Nation" debuted at number 39 on the Hot Digital Songs chart, and debuted at number 17 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles Sales chart. In Germany "Red Nation" debuted at the number eight position on the Deutsche Black Charts and peaked at the number six position.
Music video.
Development and release.
The video was shot on April 5, 2011, underneath the 4th Street Bridge in downtown Los Angeles, California, Game stood surrounded by smoldering dirt and flashing red lights. Smoke billowed in the background and road flares flickered brightly. The video was described to be a "post-apocalyptic", music video. The video was directed by Parris, whose recent work includes Enrique Iglesias' "Tonight (I'm Lovin' You)" and Diddy-Dirty Money's "Angels". 
It also had been confirmed that Lil Wayne filmed his scenes at a later date. On May 9, 2011, Game posted via his Twitter that BET banned the Red Nation video because himself and Lil Wayne were "too gang affiliated" in it, also later that same day Game stated that MTV also had banned the "Red Nation" video due to the same reason, but stated that he would still premier the video himself online and on VEVO, AOL & WorldStarHipHop on May 12, 2011. After the video quickly received over 2 million views on YouTube, there were rumors that BET and MTV were reconsidering airing the banned "Red Nation" video.
Live performances.
On March 15, 2011, Game performed the song for the first time live at the House of Blues in Los Angeles, California. On May 23, 2011, Game performed the song live on the "Lopez Tonight" show with DJ Skee and Skeetox.
Credits and personnel.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="31149623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149623" title="Junji Ito (fighter)">
Junji Ito (fighter)

"Junji Sarumaru" (猿丸ジュンジ) is ring name of Ito in Japan.
Mixed martial arts career.
Junji Ito has spent his entire career fighting for the Shooto organization. He is known for his punching power, with the majority of his wins coming by knockout. He is the #1 ranked fighter in his division by Shooto.
Junji Ito was expected to fight Shooto Flyweight (114 lbs) Champion Rambaa Somdet on March 12, 2011, however the championship bout was pushed back to April 29, 2011 and Ito ended up losing to Junji Ikoma.

</doc>
<doc id="31149624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149624" title="Mani Leib">
Mani Leib

Mani Leib (1883–1953; also: Mani Leyb, pseudonym of Mani Leib Brahinsky; ) was a Yiddish-language poet, born in Nizhyn, Chernihiv Oblast, Ukraine, then in the Russian Empire. He was one of eight children; his father sold furs, hides, and animals at regional fairs. His mother supported the family selling hens, geese and eggs. In "A mayse vegn zikh" (A Story About Myself)", he describes her as a fount of spontaneous rhymes, poems, and epigrams.
At the age of 11 Leyb left school to be apprenticed to a bootmaker; as a participant in "revolutionary activities", he was arrested twice while still in his teens.
He emigrated to the United States at the age of 22 and settled in New York City in 1906. He published his poems in Yiddish newspapers like "Forverts". Writing in the cadences of ordinary speech, he formed a group of poets called "Di Yunge" ("the Young"). According to the Jewish Virtual Library, Leib's ""sound poems" drew renewed attention to the Yiddish language through their skillful use of alliteration and repetition." These poems proved controversial, and were parodied by Moyshe-Leyb Halpern in 1910; the two, it is argued, became rivals.
Mani Leib also wrote about children. His classic, "Yingl Tsingl Khvat", was illustrated by the Russian avant-garde master, El Lissitzky.
He worked throughout his life making shoes and boots, and he references his profession in the poem "I Am." He contracted tuberculosis and lived in a sanatorium for two years. He never lost his belief in "the ability of poetry to transform the mundane into the divine."
His reputation continued to grow after his death, when his collected work was published: "Lider un Baladn (Songs and Ballads)" in 1955 and "Sonetn (Sonnets") in 1961. "Lider un baladn" was reprinted in 1963 with parallel Hebrew translations by Shimshon Meltzer, and an introduction by Itzik Manger. The second volume of "Lider un Baladn" contains a brief autobiography.

</doc>
<doc id="31149627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149627" title="List of state leaders in the 13th century BC">
List of state leaders in the 13th century BC

This is a list of state leaders in the 13th century BC (1300 BC–1201 BC) and including 1200 BC. The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "King" under the heading "Assyria" means "King of Assyria") unless otherwise stated.

</doc>
<doc id="31149664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149664" title="Dufour effect">
Dufour effect

The Dufour effect is the energy flux due to a mass concentration gradient occurring as a coupled effect of irreversible processes. It is the reciprocal phenomenon to the Soret effect.

</doc>
<doc id="31149674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149674" title="Frederick Ellsworth Mather">
Frederick Ellsworth Mather

Frederick Ellsworth Mather (May 23, 1809 – November 9, 1900) was an American military officer, lawyer and philanthropist
Early life.
The son of Ellsworth and Laura (Wolcott) Mather, he was born in Windsor, Connecticut. He was a lineal descendant of the nonconformist, Rev. Richard Mather, who came from England to Boston, Massachusetts, in 1635, and on his father's side he was the grandson of the sister of Chief Justice Oliver Ellsworth.
His father died when he was five years of age, and he was reared as a farmer's boy by his grandfather, Colonel Oliver Mather.
At the age of eleven years he rescued a man and boy from drowning in a freshet.
Education.
After the death of his grandfather in 1829, he spent a few months in the office of Judge Miller, of Ellington, Connecticut, but desiring a college training he soon commenced a preparatory course, and was admitted to Yale in the second term
of Sophomore year. He was a founding member of the Skull and Bones Society.
Career.
After graduation he resumed the study of law in the office of Judge Parsons and of Governor William W. Ellsworth of Hartford, Connecticut, and then entered the Yale Law School. Toward the close of 1835 he became law clerk in a New York office, and after his admission as Counselor at Law in 1838 he immediately began practice by himself. After thirty-five years of successful practice he partially withdrew from business in 1872.
In 1837 he entered the 264th Regiment, 64th Brigade, New York State Infantry, of which he was commissioned successively First Lieutenant, Captain, Lieutenant Colonel, and in 1842 General.
In 1845 he was a Democratic member of the New York State Assembly, from 1854 to 1857 a member of the Common Council of New York City, and for a number of years inspector and later trustee of the public schools.
For many years he devoted much attention to the conduct of public charities, and was an officer of the Prison Association, the
Association for Improving the Condition of the Poor, the Sanitary Association, the Rose Beneficent Association, and others.
But he was most deeply interested in medical charities. From 1851 to the close of 1889 he was President of the Demilt Dispensary,
of which he was the originator. The results of a tour of inspection of hospitals and dispensaries abroad were embodied in the
25th Annual Report of this institution. He was one of the founders of the Roosevelt Hospital, and served many years as
a trustee. He aided in starting the Northeastern and Northwestern Dispensaries.
Later life.
He was a member of the American Geographical Society, of the Wisconsin Historical Society, and an officer of several important
business enterprises.
He was one of the originators of the New York Yale Alumni Association, and assisted in the organization of the Yale Law
School Alumni Association, and of the Association of the Bar of the City of New York.
In 1882 he retired from his law practice entirely, and made a long visit abroad.
Family.
He married, in Hartford, Conn., on May 3, 1837, Ellen Poraeroy Goodrich, who died in 1871, by whom he had two sons and six daughters. He afterward married Charlotte Foster of Cumberland County, England, who died in 1884.
Death.
General Mather died of paralysis at his home in New York City, in his 92nd year. He had been unable to leave his house for six years, but had retained full possession of his faculties and a keen interest in current events until the last week.

</doc>
<doc id="31149681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149681" title="Top of the World (Rascalz song)">
Top of the World (Rascalz song)

"Top of the World" is the second single by Canadian hip hop group Rascalz from their third studio album, "Global Warning". The song features fellow Canadian rapper K-os and Jamaican singer Barrington Levy, who sings the chorus. The song appears on MuchMusic's compilation album, "MuchDance 2001". It remains one of the group's most popular songs.
Music video.
The music video for Top of the World was filmed in Vancouver. The video featured the group with Barrington Levy & K-os around several areas of the city.
The video reached #1 on MuchMusic Countdown for the week of July 28, 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="31149687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149687" title="The Allegory of Good and Bad Government">
The Allegory of Good and Bad Government

The Allegory of Good and Bad Government is a series of frescoes painted by Ambrogio Lorenzetti from around February 26, 1338 to May 29, 1339. The frescoes are painted in the Renaissance style, but with a Medieval touch to it. The paintings are located in the Sala dei Nove (Salon of Nine or Council Room) in the Palazzo Pubblico (or Town Hall) of the city of Siena, Italy. The series consists of six different scenes: "Allegory of Good Government", "Allegory of Bad Government", "Effects of Bad Government in the City", "Effects of Good Government in the City" and "Effects of Good Government in the Country". Today we see these frescos as depicting the Effects of Good Government and Bad Government, but in the age in which they were painted they were thought to represent war and peace, and were named accordingly. Most scholars still refer to the rooms by these categories, but for the sake of continuity the frescos will be addressed by the accepted names of "The Effects of Good Government" and "The Effects of Bad Government" within this article.
Historical context.
"The Allegory and Effects of Good and Bad Government" series was commissioned entirely by a civic group, the Council of Nine (the city council). The subject matter in this work is not religious like most artworks of the time, but civic. The Republic of Siena was one of the most powerful of the fourteenth century Italian city-states. It was an urban hub filled with bankers and merchants, with many international contacts. The fourteenth century was a turbulent time for politics in the Italian cities. There were constant violent party struggles; governments were overthrown, and governments were reinstated. The frescoes painted by Lorenzetti promoted the morality of government and provided a constant reminder for the council to remain just leaders by showing comprehensive cause-and-effect situations of corrupt, tyrannical governing in comparison to those of virtuous governing.
Layout.
The murals occupy an extensive amount of space, covering three of the four walls of the Council Room. The only wall that does not have a mural is the southern wall, as this wall contains the only window of the room. The door from which the council would enter is found on the opposite northern wall. On the eastern wall Lorenzetti depicted the scenes of the "Effects of Good Government", while on the western wall, opposite the fresco displaying "The Effects of Good Government" lays the depiction of "The Effects of Bad Government". Overlooking both these murals, the personifications of the allegorical depictions of the virtues of good government are found on the northern wall.
Allegory of Good Government.
In "The Allegory of Good Government", the composition is built up from three horizontal bands. In the foreground the figures of contemporary Siena are represented. The citizens act as symbolic representations of the various civic officers and magistrates. They are linked by two woven cords or concords which Concord gathers from under the scales of Justice. Behind them, on a stage, there are allegoric figures in two groups, representing the Good Government. The two groups are connected by the procession of the councilors. The upper band indicates the heavenly sphere with the floating bodiless ghosts of the virtues. Wisdom sits above the head of the personification of the Commune of Siena. He sits upon a throne and holds an orb and scepter, symbolizing temporal power. He is dressed in the colors of the Balzana, the black and white Sienese coat-of-arms. Around his head are the four letters C S C V, which stands for Commune Saenorum Civitatis Virginis, which explains his identity as the embodiment of the Siena Council. That character is guided by Faith, Hope, and Charity. He confers with the proper Virtues necessary for a proper and just ruler. The virtues of Good Government are represented by six crowned, stately female figures: Peace, Fortitude and Prudence on the left, Magnanimity, Temperance and Justice on the right. On the far left of the fresco the figure of Justice is repeated as she is balancing the scales held by Wisdom. The figures are naturalistic, and supposedly the female figures represented the ideal of female beauty in Siena. At the feet of the ruler are two playing children. They could be the sons of Remus: Ascius and Senius, who, according to Roman legend, are the founders of Siena. It is also believed that the two children are Romulus and Remus themselves, who founded Rome. The text within the lower border of the image reads:
“This holy virtue where she rules, induces to unity the many souls [of citizens, and they, gathered together for such a purpose, make the Common Good ["ben comune"] their Lord; and he, in order to govern his state, chooses never to turn his eyes from the resplendent faces of the Virtues who sit around him. Therefore to him in triumph are offered taxes, tributes, and lordship of towns; therefore, without war, every civic result duly follows --useful necessary, and pleasurable.”
Below the fresco is the Lorenzetti’s signature: AMBROSIUS LAURENTII DE SENIS HIC PINXIT UTRINQUE.§§§
Peaceful City.
On the longer wall of the room in the Salla is the fresco "The Effects of Good Government in the City and in the Country". Part of that fresco is "Peaceful City". This panoramic fresco represents several scenes indicating the life of Siena and its environment in the 14th century. This painting provides the first accurate panoramic view of city and country (landscape) since antiquity; viewers can identify the city of Siena, as opposed to ambiguous settings found in other works of the time. The city is filled with clustered palaces, markets, towers, churches, streets and walls. All of these aspects are reminiscent of town scenes found on ancient Roman murals. There are many shops, indicating good commerce and economic conditions. The traffic moves peacefully, guild members work at their trades, a wedding procession takes place, and maidens can be seen dancing gracefully. Dancers were common for springtime rituals; they also act as a metaphor for peaceful commonwealth in this painting. The young women could also represent the Nine Muses of the arts and sciences from Greek mythology. This fresco shows that if government is virtuous and rules justly, then the city thrives and prospers. There is text along the lower edge of the wall that reads:
“Turn your eyes to behold her, you who are governing, who is portrayed here crowned on account of her excellence, who always renders to everyone his due. Look how many goods derive from her and how sweet and peaceful is that life of the city where is preserved this virtue who outshines any other. She guards and defends those who honor her, and nourishes and feeds them. From her light is both requiting those who do good and giving due punishment to the wicked.” 
Peaceful Country.
The fresco then blends effortlessly into "Peaceful Country". The transition is made by an entourage passing through the city gate and out to the countryside beyond city walls. The new scene shows a bird’s-eye view of the Tuscan countryside, with villas, castles, plowed farmlands, and peasants and farmers leisurely going about their bucolic responsibilities. The landscape is particularized, and with characteristics that indicate a specific place and environment. The winged allegorical figure of Security hovers above the landscape, holding an unfurled scroll promising safety to all who live under the rule of law. Written on the scroll is the text: 
“Without fear every many may travel freely and each may till and sow, so long as this commune shall maintain this lady sovereign, for she has stripped the wicked of all power.”
Cosmic Allegories.
In the fresco cycle Lorenzetti expresses the idea that the cause of peace lays not only from the effects of good government, but also from the citizens acting in “accord with the temporal and astral force that governs” them. Lorenzetti expresses this idea in part with the border along the three frescos, which display medallions featuring the personifications of the planets as well as the seasons. Above the mural depicting "The Effects of Good Government", these medallions follow the natural order of the seasons and alignment of the planets. In "The Effects of Good Government", Lorenzetti shows the citizens completing the different labors for each of these months. The labors belonging to spring and summer are very clear; “fishing and tending to the vines (March), cultivation of the soil and planting (April), riding (May), ploughing and stock rising (June), cereal harvesting (July), threshing (August), and hunting (September)”. The labors of winter and fall are also found, but they do not follow the normal conventions of the time for depicting these labors. With these depictions of the labors following with the seasons and planets, Lorenzetti creates the idea that peace is in part possible due to the citizens following in accordance to the planets and seasons. It is also hypothesized that with the depictions of citizens in different labors, Lorenzetti shows the allegorical manifestations of the children of the different planets. On analysis it is clear that Lorenzetti depicted the children that would help ensure peace, versus those that would be disruptive of it. This can be seen with the emphasis of mercantile activities which were believed to be Mercury’s children. For the children of Venus, Lorenzetti chose to show a bride, weavers, and dancers, instead of depicting her more cardinal children. The children of Mars, which all depend on the use of weapons, are represented by knights and guards. Saturn’s children are represented by ploughmen, diggers and threshers, and excludes his other children, such as cripples. Jupiter’s children are represented as hunters. With Lorenzetti emphasizing the children who would ensure peace, he drove home the importance of following activities to foster peace and not disrupt it. With both the depiction of the monthly labors and the planets' children, Lorenzetti shows the importance of performing the appropriate tasks in accordance to nature to ensure peace. This point is made stronger by the fact that half the seasons and plants are shown depicted over the scene of war, reminding the viewer the faulty error of not acting in accordance.
Venus and the Dancers.
The ten dancers featured in the middle of "The Effects of Good Government" fresco are the subject of many discussions. It is believed that they are the representation of Venus’s children. It was believed in Lorenzetti’s day that there were two manifestations of Venus. These two sides found their forms in either the legitimate planetary deity, or as the nude goddess born of the sea. When looking that the depictions of the personifications of the other planets along the fresco borders, we see that they are seen placed in both their houses. Venus on the other hand is only placed in Taurus, her daytime house. With this careful choice, Lorenzetti legitimizes her side as a planetary goddess. This is further enforced with her modest dress, instead of being depicted nude. Her children then in turn gain the representation of chastity, matrimonial love, friendship and sociability, all aspects that flourish during daylight hours. The movement of their dancing mimics the arm movements of Venus, and this in combination with their larger scale, creates and draw emphasis to the resounding message that peace in the city must be found in conjecture with the movements of the Heavens.
Perspective.
When examining "The Effects of Good Government", the viewer is aware of the use of a skewed perspective. The cityscape and the figures’ scale, as well as the perspective, do not seem to follow a rational scheme. There have been two hypothesizes put forward to explain this departure from a more traditional use of perspective. One hypothesis that has been formulated is that the skewed perspective comes from the fact that the mural derives its perspective from a center directly in front of the figure of Tyranny on the opposite wall. The perspective then in the depiction of good government radiates from this center, making use of a more radial perspective. The second and more popular hypothesis puts forward is the idea that the perspective is derived from the gaze line of Justice. This hypothesis is supported by the fact that whereas the other virtues sit in an upright position, looking either into space or discreetly at each other, Justice’s line of gaze is directed across to the corner of the room. To further support this idea photographs have been taken following her line of sight, and with these photographs the buildings and figures fall into a correct perspective. Further evidence to provide backing to this idea comes with an examination of the science of optics of the time in Siena. In the time of Lorenzetti, the belief was that sight was not only the act of seeing, but of understanding as well. The word for vision meant both to see and the image that the mind created. The word light also had dual meaning, describing “both physical and spiritual illumination”. When the viewer is placed into the mindset and understanding of a Sienese citizen of the day, it strengthens the argument that the perspective is from that of Justice, as her gaze then creates and illuminates this peaceful scene.
Disagreements within location.
The frescoes of "The Effects of Good Government" seem to hold one strong point of debate. Whereas some scholars strongly believe that the city depicted is supposed to represent Siena, others believe that it is supposed to be more of metaphor for the city. For both of these arguments scholars take their stance from evidence they find within the fresco. Some scholars take the depiction of the bell tower and the cathedral with its dome to show that this is indeed Siena. They argue that these are depictions of actual standing Sienese buildings. Others yet look to the right of the countryside depiction to the small scene of the port, which includes the name ‘Telamon’. This inscription is very small, indeed the depiction of the port itself is small. Still though scholars look to this as proof that this scene is meant to accurately depict Siena. Other scholars look to the gate, as well as other buildings, pointing out the severe differences and departures between the fresco and reality. This evidence to them points to the fact that Lorenzetti meant to depict an ideal city, one that the comparison to Siena could not be missed, but was not to be mistaken for Siena.
The Effects of Bad Government.
Lorenzetti’s "The Effects of Bad Government" fresco has not been written on as extensively as "The Effects of Good Government", partly due to the worse condition of this fresco. The wall on which the fresco of The Effects of Bad Government is depicted used to be an exterior wall, so has suffered much moisture damage in the past. When the viewer turns to examine this mural, they are confronted with a devious looking figure adorned with horns and fangs, and appearing to be cross-eyed. This figure is identified as TYRAMMIDES (Tyranny). He sits enthroned, resting his feet upon a goat (symbolic of luxury), and in his hand he sinisterly holds a dagger. 
Below the tyrant the captive figure of Justice lays bound, while the figures of Cruelty, Deceit, Fraud, Fury, Division, and War flank him, and above him float the figures of Avarice, Pride, and Vainglory. These figures, according to an advice book for city magistrates of the time, were considered to be the “leading enemies of human life”. The planets of Jupiter, Saturn, and Mars preside over this scene, as they were the less favorable planets; also included are tyrannical figures such as the Roman Emperor Nero. When we look at the scene of the city itself, it appears to be very jarring; nothing fits as it should be. This is in part to the fact that Lorenzetti presented the scene in such a manner that the viewer must read it right to left, automatically creating a sense of discomfort. When we look at the scene, we see that the city is in ruin, windows are wide open, houses are being demolished, and businesses are nonexistent, except that of the armourer. The streets are deserted, and the country side shows two armies advancing towards each other. The whole scene shows the mirror opposite of that of "The Effects of Good Government", creating a powerful reminder to the council.

</doc>
<doc id="31149710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149710" title="S. Gandhirajan">
S. Gandhirajan

S. Gandhirajan was a Member of the Legislative Assembly (M.L.A) of Tamil Nadu. He was elected to represent the constituency Vedasandur, then a constituency of dindigul district (Currently under the constituency of Karur district), in the elections of 1989, 1991, and 1996. During his period as MLA, He also held the position as the chairman of the "Tamilnadu Water and drainage Board department" (1992 - 1993) and also as the deputy speaker of the legislative assembly from 1993 to 1996.
In 2006 Gandhirajan's "sidelining" by the All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam was considered to have weakened their position in Vedasandur, as Gandhirajan loyalists were less willing to work for the candidate nominated in his place. This led to his decision to join the opposition party Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam led by Dr. M. Karunanidhi (also cited as Kalaingar). 

</doc>
<doc id="31149739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149739" title="William L. O'Brien">
William L. O'Brien

William L. "Bill" O'Brien (born July 20, 1951) is a lawyer and Republican
legislator from Mont Vernon, New Hampshire who has been a member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives since 2004, representing district Hillsborough-4. O'Brien was elected the Speaker of the House on December 1, 2010 when Republicans took control of the NH House. When Democrats regained control of the NH House in the 2012 election, O'Brien did not run for a leadership position. He remains in the legislature in spite of being not as powerful as he was in the heyday of his reign as Speaker of the House.
Biography.
O'Brien obtained his bachelors degree in history in 1974, a law degree in 1977, and received an LLM in Intellectual Property in 2003.
He has served as Chair of the NH Republican Party Platform Committee, Vice-Chair of the Granite State Taxpayers, and Co-Chair of the House Republican Alliance. He is a past member of the Mont Vernon School Board and the Mont Vernon Police Advisory Commission. He has contributed to a couple of Democratic candidates over a decade ago and since then has contributed to the Republican campaigns and candidates, such as the NH Republican Committee (06/14/06, 05/24/07), John McCain (09/07/08), Republican National Committee (09/15/08), Robert Giuda (07/13/09 & 03/15/10), and Ovide Lamontagne (03/31/10).
O'Brien is a member of the New Hampshire Bar and the Massachusetts Bar, former Executive Director of the New Hampshire Legal Rights Foundation, and a former equity partner at Finneran, Byrne, Drechsler & O'Brien (Massachusetts). Additionally, he was a professor of law at the New England School of Law and General Counsel of several companies. In 2013, O'Brien and his wife, Roxanne, have been married for 40 years and have three grown children.
Controversy over closing NH House Gallery.
O'Brien temporarily closed the New Hampshire House gallery to the public during a debate about the state budget on March 31, 2011, after union protestors began yelling "shame on you" and "don't harass the middle class" and thus prevented debate from being heard. Because the gallery was filled with the disruptive observers, O'Brien closed the proceedings to the public entirely, opening them again that day after the State Police had established a procedure of screening for disruptive members of the public. When asked why he closed the proceedings, O'Brien responded "I think thugs will not rule New Hampshire." O'Brien recessed the House for 10 minutes to allow state police time to clear the gallery which holds over 100 people.
Assistant Democratic Leader Gary Richardson of Hopkinton, who had established an untraditional, but disruptive practice of challenging Speaker O'Brien's rulings most every day that the House was in session, and losing those challenges, asked O'Brien to allow the public back in. Richardson cited a provision of the New Hampshire Constitution, which states, "The doors of the galleries . . . shall be kept open to all persons who behave decently." O'Brien refused until the State Police could arrange to make sure people would behave decently. The House then voted 217-146 to keep the proceedings closed, with 48 Republicans joining the Democrats in opposing the closing. 
O'Brien claimed that the proceedings were not conducted secretly, since they were streamed on live video and the press was present. "The House of Representatives has the right to conduct itself with decorum without being interrupted by members of the public," O'Brien said. Richardson responded, "The Constitution doesn't talk about streaming video. says the doors of the gallery should be kept open." In Merrimack County Superior Court, Judge Richard McNamara heard arguments about closing the gallery and was told that it was open again. He did not issue an order warning O'Brien not to close the gallery again and the case was dismissed against the Democratic plaintiffs, who choose not to contest or appeal the dismissal.
Controversy about college student voting requirement.
Remarks by O'Brien to a Tea Party related group — explaining that a reason for a proposed law imposing more rigorous voter ID and residency requirements to be able to vote in New Hampshire elections, is that college students dominate certain local elections and "take away a town's ability to govern itself" and are "foolish, voting as a liberal" because they lack "life experience" — were widely reported in March 2011.
Mr. O'Brien was caught on tape explaining the bill was "necessary to stop students from basically doing what I did when I was a kid: voting as a liberal."
Controversy over the Affordable Care Act and slavery.
In August of 2013, Mr. O’Brien spoke at a rally in New Hampshire of the Americans for Prosperity, a conservative political advocacy group, where he likened the Affordable Care Act to an 1850 pro-slavery federal law. In his remarks Mr. O'Brien called the healthcare act, popularly known as Obamacare, "a law as destructive to personal and individual liberty as the Fugitive Slave Act of 1850 that allowed slave owners to come to New Hampshire and seize African Americans and use the federal courts to take them back…to slave states.” He later defended this characterization in an interview in the Wall Street Journal. 
President Obama referred to Mr. O'Brien's remark in a September 26, 2013 speech on the Affordable Care Act at Prince George’s Community College in Largo, Md., saying “You had a state representative somewhere say that it’s as destructive to personal and individual liberty as the Fugitive Slave Act. Think about that. Affordable health care is worse than a law that lets slave owners get their runaway slaves back.”
Post-Speakership.
After Republicans lost control of the House, O'Brien did not run for a leadership position or seek to serve on a committee. Instead, he transitioned towards running for New Hampshire's 2nd congressional district against Democratic Congresswoman Ann McLane Kuster in the 2014 elections. However, in August 2013, he announced that he would not run. Instead, he became CEO of the Cambridge, Massachusetts-based U.S. subsidiary of the German software company Brainloop.

</doc>
<doc id="31149742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149742" title="The Four Elements (Arcimboldo)">
The Four Elements (Arcimboldo)

The Four Elements is a series of paintings by Italian artist Giuseppe Arcimboldo in 1566 during the Renaissance. They were commissioned by Maximilian II, Holy Roman Emperor. The portraits display figures in profile formed by different animals or objects. "Earth" is represented by land animals, "Air" by birds, "Water" by marine creatures and "Fire" by burning wood and cannons. This series attempts to express harmony out of chaos with wild animals forming distinct faces. It also praises Maximilian, suggesting that he is a ruler who controls even the four primal elements. 
Historical Background.
After training in Milan, Arcimboldo moved to Vienna and became the court painter for the Habsburgs. Giuseppe gained knowledge of exotic and local animals because at the time Prague was a cultural center. Exotic creatures such as the lion and elephant came from all over the world.
Description.
"Air" displays a cornucopia of small birds that combine to create a slender male face. The majority of the birds are only partially visible which allow the artist to create the face and hair. The body is formed by a peacock; the goatee is a tail of a pheasant, and a duck forms the eyelids. The eagle and peacock are references to the Habsburg dynasty. Giuseppe included this reference to please his patrons and form a permanent bond between the painting and the Habsburgs.
Unlike the others, "Fire" is formed from inanimate objects. "Flint" and "steel" form the nose and ear. Burning wood creates a crown of glowing hair. Arcimboldo uses guns to create the main part of the body. "Fire" has the most references to the Habsburg dynasty. The golden fleece hangs in front of the body, which is a reference to the most important knightly orders time. The double headed eagle, a symbol of the Holy Roman Empire, sits proudly on the torso. The two large cannons refer to the strength of the Habsburg armies in their ongoing war with the Turks.
"Earth" is perhaps the most skilfully blended piece the land animals curving together to create a strong, thick face. Antlered creatures surround the head, forming a crown. An elephant creates the cheek and ear while a wolf eating a mouse forms the eyelid and pupil. A full cow represents the neck. Like its siblings, the lion and the fleece are references to the Habsburg dynasty.
"Water" features the most realistic depictions. A chaotic mess of sea creatures create a woman's face. Her breast plate is a crab, turtle and lobster along with an octopus on his shoulder. The animals that make up her head are obscure but a clear crown is formed by the spines on the back of a fish and long pieces of coral. Almost seeming out of place, a pearl necklace lies across her neck framing her face and completing the pattern of order from confusion. She also wears a pearl earring.
This series matched anther of Arcimboldo’s sets called The Four Seasons. They have the same number of pieces, and correspond to each other. "Air" goes with "Spring", fire with "Summer", "Earth" with "Autumn" and "Water" with "Winter". This creates linked themes of chaos brought into harmony and the glorification of the Habsburg dynasty.

</doc>
<doc id="31149766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149766" title="Puneet Sira">
Puneet Sira

Puneet Sira (born 3 December 1967) is a well-known British and Bollywood film director, producer, screenwriter and actor.
Sira's directorial career consists of several feature films. Two feature films released in 2009: "Kisaan" (2009) for Sohail Khan Production, starring Jackie Shroff, Sohail Khan, Arbaaz Khan and Dia Mirza and "Jai Veeru" (2009), starring Fardeen Khan and Kunal Khemu and Dia Mirza.
Sira was honoured with an award for directing "Kisaan"', at the SAFF Film Festival in L.A. in 2009. Sira directed the critically acclaimed film "I - Proud To Be An Indian" (2004) starring Sohail Khan, Hina Rehman and Tim Lawrence for Sohail Khan Production.
Biography.
Early career.
Sira started his career as an actor in the UK at the age of nine where he worked with Rosemary Leach and Ben Kingsley as a beggar boy in "Annie Besant", "The Warrior's Return"(1977) as part of "The Velvet Glove" series for the BBC, directed by Philip Saville. Puneet went on to star alongside Christopher Lee, Mickey Rooney, Oliver Tobias, Emma Samms and Peter Cushing in the feature film "Arabian Adventure" (1979). He played the lead role of Majeed, directed by Kevin Connor. In the same year Puneet played Kasava Minor in the BBC series "To Serve Them All My Days" (1979).
In 1979 Sira was the youngest member to participate in "Comex" 10, a commonwealth expedition sponsored by the Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh. Founded by Lieutenant Colonel Lionel Gregory, OBE, "Comex 10" was an expedition where 40 artistes from all commonwealth countries toured India performing variety acts in every city visited.
More acting work followed from "How We Used to Live" (Yorkshire Television), "Why Couples Break Up" (Yorkshire Television), "London's Burning" (London Weekend Television), "The Moneymen" (London Weekend Television), "The Park" (Regent Productions), "The Betrothed" (LIFS) and the highly acclaimed Walkers Poppadoms Commercial, "The Rocking Sikh" directed by Paul Weiland.
Film-making career.
A vast body of work is credited to Sira during his tenure as an assistant director at the BBC Drama Films Department. Sira became an assistant director on films such as "Hallelujah Anyhow" (1991) (Screen Two) starring Keith David, "Sweet Nothing" (1990) (Screen One) and "Can You Hear Me Thinking?" (1991) starring Judi Dench. He freelanced on "Flying Colors" (1993), "Memsahib Rita" (1994), "Blue Baby" (1994) before venturing into directing his own films like "Strings" (1996) which he also wrote and produced.
Sira was the director of the London Academy of Acting (a school founded by his father, Gurdial Sira in 1970), where he would teach acting for film. He set up an actors' agency, Talent Introduction Centre (T.I.C.), where he provided work for Asian actors in the UK.
Casting director was another title to Sira’s credit: films such as "Jinnah" (1998) starring Christoper Lee, "Flight" (1992) (BBC Screen One), directed by Alex Pillai, "Immaculate Conception" (1992) directed by Jamil Dehlavi, "Memsahib Rita" (1994) and "Frantz Fanon" – "Black Skin, White Mask" (1996) directed by Isaac Julien. On the American feature film "Passion in the Desert" (1997) Sira worked on production.
Sira lectured on basic film making at Middlesex University and Italia Conti Acting Academy as a visiting lecturer.
In 1998, Sira became the executive producer for Rupert Murdoch’s "Channel V", (Star TV), producing more than 22 television shows for the channel in Mumbai. He went on to produce and direct drama for television "The Steal" (2000) Star TV, followed by "Sanatta" (2001) and "Jataka Tales" (2002) for Japanese television which Sira directed and produced with his partner Vikram Dhillon. Sira went on to direct the feature films "I - Proud To Be An Indian" (2004), "Jai Veeru" (2009) and "Kisaan" (2009).
As a screenwriter Sira wrote "I - Proud To Be An Indian" with Vekeana Dhillon. Together they have written the screenplay for the feature film "Kurbani" for Feroz Khan (FK International) and "Spiceboy" for Miracle Films. Sira had written "The Steal" and "Sanatta".
Sira and Vikram Dhillon are partners in Eyeline Entertainment, a production company which has several feature films in development and pre-production slated for 2013 and 2014, starting with "Ji Karda" which begins principal photography in March 2013.
Personal life.
Sira married Vekeana Dhillon in 2010, an accomplished screen writer and actress. Vekeana wrote Sira’s "I - Proud To Be An Indian", "Jai Veeru" and "Kisaan".
Sira has two children Shaan Sira and Simran Sira.
He is son of Gurdial Sira (actor).
Awards.
'"SAFF Awards:

</doc>
<doc id="31149771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149771" title="Yuriorkis Gamboa vs. Jorge Solis">
Yuriorkis Gamboa vs. Jorge Solis

Yuriorkis Gamboa vs. Jorge Solis is a 126-pound world title title fight live on HBO's Boxing After Dark. In a featherweight double-header. 
The Fight.
Gamboa stopped Solis in the fourth round Saturday night to defend his Featherweight title. Gamboa delivered a sensational performance knocking down Solis five times, twice in the fourth before a sellout crowd of 2,913 at Boardwalk Hall's Adrian Phillips Ballroom. The Mexican was overwhelmed by a combination of quickness (hands and feet) and punching power that rivals another of Solis’ elite opponents, Manny Pacquiao, who had some trouble with Solis before stopping him in eight rounds in a junior lightweight bout in 2007.
Solis, from Guadalajara hit the canvas early in the fourth from a straight right. He got up, but Gamboa pinned him in a corner and pummeled him with punches until referee David Fields stepped in to halt the bout at 1:31 of the round.

</doc>
<doc id="31149785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149785" title="Tijuana River Estuary">
Tijuana River Estuary

The Tijuana River Estuary is an intertidal coastal wetland at the mouth of the Tijuana River in San Diego County, California, USA bordering Tijuana, Baja California. It is the location of the Tijuana River National Estuarine Research Reserve. The estuary is a shallow water habitat. Often termed an intermittent estuary since its volume is subject to the discharge controlled by the seasons of the year, the volume of the estuary fluctuates and at times there is dry land, or flooded areas. It was designated a National Natural Landmark in 1973.
Ecology.
The estuary is one of the few remaining salt marshes on the South Coast. Its location positions it under the path of the Pacific Flyway, where it serves as a stopover point. Many species of migratory and native species rely on the estuary as an essential breeding, feeding, and nesting habitat. The estuary lies within the southernmost part of San Diego County within the city limits of the South Bay city of Imperial Beach.

</doc>
<doc id="31149788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149788" title="Trams in Vienna">
Trams in Vienna

The Vienna tramway network () is a vital part of the public transport system in Vienna, capital city of Austria. In operation since 1865, the network reached its greatest extent during the interwar period (1918–1939). Today, it is still one of world's largest tram networks, at about in total length and 1031 stations.
The trams on the network run on standard gauge track. Since 1897, they have been powered by electricity, at 600 V DC. The current operator of the network is Wiener Linien. In 2009, a total of 186.9 million passengers used the network's trams. As of January 2013, the number of trams or tramsets scheduled in service in peak periods was 404, comprising 215 single cars and 189 motor+trailer sets.
History.
Horsecar tramways.
The earliest precursor of the Vienna tramway network was the "Brigittenauer Eisenbahn", a horsecar tramway. From 1840 to 1842, it led from the Donaukanal to the recreational establishment known as the "Kolosseum", at the end of the Jägerstraße.
Some two decades later, several firms competed for a concession to construct an urban "horse-tramway" in Vienna. "Schaeck-Jaquet & Comp" prevailed. By October 1865, trams could be recorded as operating between Schottentor and Hernals, and on 24 April 1866, the route was extended to Dornbach.
Subsequently, the municipality of Vienna tried to persuade other firms to construct tramway lines. However, due to the difficult conditions, all of the competing firms (including Schaeck-Jaquet & Comp) arranged a merger, leaving the newly formed "Wiener Tramwaygesellschaft" as the only remaining firm. In later years, that firm built the majority of the Vienna tramway network. The social conditions were nevertheless such that labour disputes arose. In 1872, the "Neue Wiener Tramwaygesellschaft" was formed as a competitor, but initially was able to build only a network in the suburbs.
The steam tramways.
In 1883, the "Dampftramway Krauss & Comp." opened Vienna's first steam tramway line, between Hietzing and Perchtoldsdorf. In 1887, the line was extended further south to Mödling, and towards the city centre to Gaudenzdorf, and a new branch line led to Ober St. Veit. A further line, of national significance, was opened in 1886 from Donaukanal to Stammersdorf, where the trams connected with trains on the Stammersdorfer Lokalbahn to Auersthal. From Floridsdorf a branch line led to Groß Enzersdorf.
Alongside the Dampftramway Krauss & Comp., the Neue Wiener Tramwaygesellschaft also operated a few lines with steam locomotives.
Early electric tramways.
At the turn of the century, Vienna's Bürgermeister Karl Lueger began the municipalization of urban services, which, until then, had been supplied by private enterprises. In 1899, by a proclamation issued by Minister Heinrich von Wittek, the municipality received a 90 year concession from the Imperial Railway Ministry for "a network of standard gauge light railway lines in Vienna to be operated by electric power". The 99 lines (or sections) explicitly identified in the proclamation included new lines, and the purchase of the network of the Wiener Tramwaygesellschaft, the employees of which were to be taken on as far as possible by the city. The lines were integrated into the "Gemeinde Wien – Städtische Straßenbahnen" service, which was entered on 4 April 1902 into the company register. In 1903, the network of the Neue Wiener Tramwaygesellschaft was also purchased.
On 28 January 1897, an electric tram operated for the first time in Vienna: on the tracks of today's line 5. With their lower noise and odour production compared with horse-drawn and steam tramways, the electric trams quickly became favourites. On 26 June 1903, the last horse tramway was ceremoniously farewelled. In 1907 the line designations still valid today, using numbers and letters, were introduced. The steam tramway was able to continue operating its services until 1922 on a few branch lines in the outer suburbs. Well into the second half of the twentieth century, Viennese frequently referred to the electrified tramway as "die Elektrische" (the electric).
Up until 1910, the only trams delivered to the Vienna tramway network were vehicles with unglazed platforms (or cabs), i.e.: without any windscreens protecting occupants from the cold and wind. This was still in the tradition of the horse cars, on which direct contact of the driver with the harnessed horses was required. (It took until 1930 until the cabs and platforms of all tramcars had protective glass.) In 1911, the first double stops were introduced.
During World War I, tram operations were increasingly difficult to perform. From 1916, women had to take over part of the work of the male tramway staff engaged by the military. Due to the harsh conditions of that time, operations had to be partially closed down. In 1917, a quarter of all stops were abandoned.
On 16 October 1925, the Wiener Stadtbahn, which had been taken over by the municipality of Vienna, was absorbed into the tramway network's tariff system. In 1929, the peak tram fleet was achieved, and in 1930 the network reached its maximum length, . In the interwar period, Vienna had more people than today. In 1910, the city reached 2.1 million; after First World I began, the population decreased significantly, reaching its lowest level at the time of the 1991 census, at about half a million. Between the wars, the tramway was virtually unrivalled as a city transport in Vienna.
After the Anschluss with Germany's Third Reich, the tramway network was changed on 19 September 1938 from left hand traffic to right hand traffic. During World War II, tram operations continued, for as long as Vienna remained spared from fighting. Its peak haulage, on the then still extensive route network, was almost 732 million passengers, in 1943. That year, 18,000 people found work on Vienna's tramways.
In 1944-1945, however, when Vienna was bombed extensively, operations had to be gradually closed down, until the last line, the O-Line, was closed on 7 April 1945.
After World War II.
Following the Battle of Vienna in early April 1945, the first five lines were able to be returned to service on 28 April. Most of the city's fleet of 4000 trams were badly damaged, 400 of them beyond repair. The task of restoring the network would not be completed until 1950; some short sections of track were never put back into operation.
In 1948, Vienna acquired second hand trams of Type Z (road numbers 4201-4242) under the Marshall Plan from New York. These trams, which became known as "Amerikaner" (Americans), were a little wider than other trams used in Vienna. They could only be put into operation on tracks that had a wider track spacing, left over from the steam tramways. An example of these more widely spaced tracks was Line 331 to Stammersdorf. The "Amerikaner" were comparatively modern, because they were equipped with air-operated doors and automatic retractable ramps. Additionally, the seat backs could be adjusted, so that all seated passengers could always face towards the direction of travel. Some of the major modifications required for the "Amerikaner" to be able to run in Vienna were carried out by Gräf & Stift in Wien-Liesing.
Until the 1950s, the network was still consistently operated with old, repaired and partially rebuilt trams, as new ones could be purchased only from 1951 onwards. Even in the 1950s, new trams were consistently obtained in series of only limited numbers, as from 1955 the abolition of the tramway in Vienna was the contemporary transport planning vision, and investments were made accordingly.
In their early to mid-20th century, private cars had been the exception in European cities, because they had then been too expensive for most of the population. However, with the growth of private transport in the postwar period, the calls for a car-friendly city became louder. Rail traffic on the road was therefore seen as a "transport barrier" (the term "transport" applying only to motor vehicles), and the full relocation of public transport to the U-Bahn and buses was seen as the vision of the future.
In 1956, Vienna's first articulated trams, designated as Type "D", were commissioned from Gräf & Stift. Due to the tight financial situation, the new trams were assembled from salvaged parts. The basis of each one was two old Stadtbahn trailer chassis, on which modern car bodies were mounted. The chassis and bodies were then connected, by means of a telescopic joint section, of Italian design. The prototype of the Type "D", with road number 4301, was delivered on 3 July 1957. After the testing and commissioning process had been completed, the Type "D" entered service from 17 February 1958. The inaugural trip operated by these trams was on Line 71.
A total of 16 type "D" trams were built. They were used until 1976 on Lines 9, 41, 42 and E2. They were cumbersome, due to their high weight (), and were also otherwise unconvincing.
Changes, new trams, U-Bahn construction.
In 1958, at the time of conversion of the short Line 158, the practicality of using buses to replace trams was tested. From 1960, there was ongoing conversion of sections of track running through narrow streets in the densely built up areas within the Gürtel; the best known example is line 13 from Wien Südbahnhof to Alserstrasse. However, individual sections on the periphery of the city, and in surrounding communities beyond the city limits, such as the former steam tramway lines to Mödling and Groß-Enzersdorf, were replaced by bus lines.
The realisation that the contemplated abolition of the tramway would not be a short-term project, mainly because of the rather lengthy construction of the planned U-Bahn network, led to the introduction, from 1959, of the six-axle articulated type "E" and "E1" trams, of which a total of 427 were built to 1976. This was a generational change of long term effect.
The last high-floor articulated trams to enter the fleet were the Type "E2" vehicles, which were built under licence from DUEWAG, together with matching type "c5" trailer cars; they entered service on 28 August 1978 on Line 6, and remain in service today. This type was the first to be fitted with exits featuring retractable steps to improve comfort when entering and alighting. Additionally, the tramcar design was moderized, and the safety features of the technical equipment were considerably improved. A total 98 cars of this type were produced by Simmering-Graz-Pauker, and 24 by Bombardier.
The construction of the Vienna U-Bahn led to further extensive line closures in the tramway network, due to a policy that trams are not to operate in parallel with the U-Bahn, even on short sections. As this policy is still in effect today, further closures of tramway lines can be expected, to coincide with the further expansion of the U-Bahn network. However, the continued existence of the tramway network in Vienna is no longer in question, and there are even some new openings planned.
For reasons of economy, Wiener Linien ceased to roster conductors in trailer cars from 1964, and in powered cars from 1972. Industrial relations factors delayed the final departure of conductors until 1996, when the last conductor ended his service (on Line 46).
Fleet.
The Vienna tram fleet presently consists of high-floor trams and low-floor trams, the so-called ULFs.
As of 2011, lines 30 and 33 were operated exclusively by high-floor trams. Conversion of line 18 to operation by low-floor trams was completed at the start of July 2010. For 2011, low-floor trams were set to take over on line 33.
All other lines are presently operated alternately by high- and low-floor vehicles.
High-floor trams.
From 1959, articulated tramcars of Type E were introduced to the Vienna tram network. However, these trams could be operated with trailer cars only with great difficulty, due to their underpowered motors. In view of this problem, it became necessary to order a successor type soon afterwards.
The successors, the Type E1 trams, were first delivered in 1966. They were of similar appearance to their predecessors, but equipped with more powerful motors. The Type E remained in service until 2007, most recently on lines 10 and 62.
After production of the E1 ceased in 1976, a further successor generation, the Type E2, was developed. That type has been in service since 1978. As of 2011, the Type E1 trams were the most numerous vehicle type on the Vienna tramway network. They operate scheduled services on 21 of the 28 lines.
The trailer fleet constructed to match the tramcars is made up of Types c3 and c4 for the E1 tramcars, and Type c5 for E2 tramcars. On the less frequented lines, tramcars also operate without trailers.
Following a number of serious accidents, the majority of the high-floor trams have been fitted with electric door edge sensors and mirrors.
Low-floor trams.
There are two low-floor vehicle types in Vienna: Type A, a short version with five segments, and Type B, a longer, seven-unit version.
Beginning in 1995, one prototype of each of these types operated on the network. Since 1997, series production versions of both types have been in service.
Type A1, a further development of Type A, is the first generation of Vienna tramcars to be fitted with air conditioning. This type has been in service since 2007, and is currently used on lines 9, 10, 46, 52, 58 and 62.
Deliveries of the longer ULF version, the Type B1, began in April 2009, and that type is presently in service on lines D, 38 and 43.
After a fire in one of the low-floor trams in July 2009, it was decided to retrofit all of them with special fenders.
Depots.
Throughout its history, the Vienna tramway network has had a variety of "Remisen" ("carriage houses"), which were officially described as depots or stations. Due to the abandonment of numerous lines, some of these facilities have now been closed for trams (e.g. 2., Vorgartenstraße, 3., Erdberg, 12., Assmayergasse, 14., Breitensee, 15., Linke Wienzeile, 18., Währing, 22., Kagran). A few of them have nevertheless remained in use as operating garages for buses. In 2006, the now former Breitensee depot became the most recently abandoned facility, with its tram fleet being taken over by the Rudolfsheim station.
In recent years, as part of conservation measures, some depots have been gradually closed down as a separate unit, demoted to the status of so-called "Abstellanlagen" ("parking facilities"), and placed under a different depot. Currently, there are four operating depots in the Vienna tramway network and six parking facilities, as well as the Erdberg station, where the Vienna Tram Museum is housed. Repair work is now performed mostly in the remaining depots, where all vehicles are now officially stationed.
Certain "Lines" or "vehicles" are assigned to each depot or parking facility:
Heavier maintenance, along with periodic servicing, is performed in the Main Workshops of the Wiener Linien.

</doc>
<doc id="31149813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149813" title="Ohrenbär">
Ohrenbär

Ohrenbär – Radiogeschichten für kleine Leute (English: "radio stories for little people") is a literary radio program broadcast in German for children between four and eight years. "Ohrenbär" started in 1987. It is their version of Betthupferl from Bayerischer Rundfunk, which started in 1948.
Ohrenbär is produced by Rundfunk Berlin-Brandenburg (RBB) in cooperation with the WDR 5 and NDR Info. It is broadcast daily before 8pm but at different times at those 3 stations. On the RBBs homepage one can download missed episodes as a podcast. Since April 2014 they offer a feed.
Content.
Every episode starts with the motif of Peter from Peter and the Wolf by Sergei Sergeyevich Prokofiev. The stories are specifically written for the show and are read by professional speakers. Most of the stories have multiple parts and evolve over a week. At the end of every story a childrens voice says:

</doc>
<doc id="31149830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149830" title="Bermuda Flying School">
Bermuda Flying School

The 'Bermuda Flying School' operated on Darrell's Island from 1940 to 1942. It trained Bermudian volunteers as pilots for the Royal Air Force and the Fleet Air Arm.
During the First World War, roughly twenty Bermudians had entered the Royal Flying Corps and its successor, the Royal Air Force (RAF). Other than aircraft on visiting ships, there were no aircraft based in Bermuda 'til after the war, when returning military aviators, Majors Hal Kitchener (son of the late governor, Lieutenant-General Sir Frederick Walter Kitchener, and nephew of Field Marshal Earl Kitchener) and Hemming, created a small company offering local flights in sea planes operating from Hinson's Island. In 1936, Imperial Airways built an air station on Darrell's Island. This operated as a staging point on scheduled trans-Atlantic flights by flying boats of Imperial Airways and Pan American. At the time, no land planes could operate from Bermuda, there being no airfields.
With the start of the Second World War, the RAF in Bermuda took over Darrell's Island for use by RAF Transport Command and RAF Ferry Command. 
Although the Royal Navy had a dockyard in Bermuda (which included an air station, RNAS Boaz Island (HMS Malabar) for flying boats), and Canadian and American naval and airbases would be established during the war, the only local units were the part-time army units, the Bermuda Militia Artillery (BMA), Bermuda Volunteer Rifle Corps (BVRC), Bermuda Volunteer Engineers (BVE), the Bermuda Militia Infantry (BMI), and Home Guard. These, along with a regular army detachment of infantry at Prospect Camp, formed the Bermuda Garrison, tasked with defending the various facilities of importance to the war effort. Although a contingent from the BVRC, with attachments from the other units, was sent to join the Lincolnshire Regiment in England in 1940, no further drafts were allowed to be sent for fear of weakening the defences. By 1943, this was no longer a concern and the moratorium was lifted.
It was decided to create a flying school on Darrell's Island to train local pilots for the Air Ministry in Britain, which would assign them to the RAF or the Fleet Air Arm. The school was in operation by the summer of 1940. It operated a pair of Luscombe sea planes, paid for by an American resident of Bermuda, Mr Bertram Work, and a Canadian, Mr Duncan MacMartin. The school was under the command of Major Cecil Montgomery-Moore, DFC, who had served as a fighter pilot during the First World War. Between the wars, he had returned to Bermuda and became the Commanding Officer of the BVE, a position he would maintain throughout the Second World War. The chief flying instructor was an American, Captain Ed Stafford. The first class, of eighteen students, was in training by May, 1940. On the 4th June, Fenton Trimmingham became the first student to solo. Ten Bermudian companies agreed in June, 1940, to defray the expenses of ten of the students. Those companies were the Bank of Bermuda, the Bank of N.T. Butterfield, Trimmingham Bros., H.A. & E. Smith, Gosling Bros., Pearman Watlington & Company, the Bermuda Electric Light Company (BELCO), Bermuda Fire & Marine Insurance Company, the Bermuda Telephone Company (TELCO), and Edmund Gibbons.
The BFS only accepted applicants who were already serving in one of the part-time units, which had been mobilised for the duration of the war. Successful students were released from their units and allowed to proceed overseas. With the moratorium against sending drafts overseas, this meant local soldiers came to see the BFS as the easiest way of reaching sharper ends of the war. Although the local units were allowed to send drafts overseas in 1943, the preceding state of affairs meant that a disproportionately high number of aviators appears on the list of Bermuda's war dead (ten out of thirty-five). In fact, the first Bermudian killed in the war was Flying Officer Grant Ede, DFC, a fighter pilot killed in the Battle of Norway in 1940 (although Ede had joined the RAF in England before the war).
By 1942, the Air Ministry had a glut of trained pilots. This had resulted from the fear created by the Blitz, and the Battle of Britain, when the RAF had assumed pre-eminence in Britain's defence against a feared Axis invasion. Desperate for pilots, too many had been allowed to train, or had been placed on backlists to await slots for induction and training. This would continue to be a problem as late as 1944, when the British Army was forced to disband a division after Operation Overlord due to a shortage of manpower. At the same time, the Air Ministry had the equivalent of a division of civilians waiting aircrew training slots, and already had more aircrew than it had aircraft available for them to man. This would lead to pilots being transferred to the Army's Glider Pilot Regiment, and to the lists of civilians reserved for aircrew training being cleared of men who were then able to be conscripted by the Army.
In Bermuda, the excess of pilots meant that the BFS was advised in 1942 that no further pilots were required. By then, eighty pilots had been sent to the RAF and Fleet Air Arm. THE BFS was included in the Empire Air Training Scheme. Its graduates included eight Americans, who had volunteered for the RAF in the USA, and had then been sent to the BFS for training.
Although the school was closed, Bertram Work and Major Montgomery-Moore oversaw the conversion of its administration into a recruiting arm, the Bermuda Flying Committee, for the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF), sending sixty aircrew candidates to that service before the War's end. Sixteen Bermudian women were also sent to the RCAF to perform roles including Air Traffic Controller.
Flying instructor Captain Stafford moved to RAF Transport Command, and was later shot down, becoming a prisoner-of-war in Germany. He was piloting a Catalina on a flight from Darrell's Island to Larg's in Scotland, on the 7th April, 1943. Nearing Britain, the crew were advised by radio to divert to RAF Mountbatten, near Plymouth, due to bad weather. Evidently due to a navigational error, they found themselves over occupied France and were shot down near Landéda, Brittany, by anti-aircraft artillery and two Luftwaffe fighters. The first officer was killed outright, and the navigator wounded. Stafford succeeded in landing the aeroplane two miles offshore, still under fire. Three, including Stafford, were pulled from the water by French fisherman. The bodies of two other crewmen washed up two days later, and the third three weeks later. As a POW, Captain Stafford headed a team of Allied orderlies in a wing of the Hohemark hospital, in Hesse, which was dedicated to the care of Prisoners of War from the Dulag Luft POW Camp in Oberusel. 
The two Luscombe aircraft remained at Darrell's Island, being used by the RAF as station hacks. After the war they were used by the short-lived Bermuda Flying Club, created by returning pilots.
See also.
Military of Bermuda

</doc>
<doc id="31149838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149838" title="Gladys Malvern">
Gladys Malvern

Gladys Malvern (17 Jul 1897 - 16 Nov 1962) was an American vaudeville and Broadway actress, radio script writer, and author. As a child actress, she appeared in the 1908 Broadway production of "The Man Who Stood Still". Gladys often collaborated on stage with her younger sister Corinne Malvern, who also illustrated her books. Gladys Malvern is perhaps best remembered for her prolific writing of historical and biographical novels for young adults, including "The Foreigner", "According to Thomas" and "Behold Your Queen!".
Biography.
Gladys Malvern was born in Newark, New Jersey on July 17, 1897, the daughter of Edward Malvern and Cora Lillian Malvern, a theater company wardrobe mistress. She was raised as a "stage child" by her mother in New York, New Jersey, Virginia, and California.
Theater years (1900 - 1920).
Young Gladys Malvern won her first role on a New York stage at the age of three. In 1908, at age 11, Gladys appeared at the Circle Theater on Broadway in "The Man Who Stood Still". By 1910, the two Malvern sisters were working regularly in traveling vaudeville productions, as well as in the burgeoning New York movie industry; Gladys as an ingenue and Corinne as "fairies, babies, witches, and other funny little people." By the age of 14, Gladys began playing leading roles in traveling stock theater companies. Her fellow troupers called her "the youngest stock leading woman in the business." When interviewed about this period in her life, Malvern is quoted as saying: "…until I was twenty-one, home to me was anywhere—hotels, trains, boarding houses; for my sister, Corinne Malvern, and I were ‘stage children.’ When I stopped being a ‘stage child,’ I became what they called an ingenue, and then a leading lady. But by this time I had decided I didn't like wandering about, and I began to think how nice it would be to have a home like other people."
Life in Los Angeles (1921 - 1933).
During the 1920s, the Malvern family moved to Los Angeles, where Corinne worked as a fashion artist, and Gladys began working at a department store. Later, Gladys began writing copy for advertising agencies, while her sister Corinne studied art under Theodore Lukits. According to census records, at some point during this time period Gladys married, and subsequently divorced. After the publication and success of her first few novels, Gladys moved back to New York with her sister; both of them working from an apartment which overlooked the Hudson river. Of this period in her life, Malvern was quoted as saying: "Advertising is a very good business. I liked it immensely and stuck with it for about twelve years. But after work, being very stubborn in this matter, I continued to write. And I wrote. And I wrote. Finally—oh, after I'd torn up any number of manuscripts—I sold a book… And somehow or other I began to feel encouraged. In fact, after I'd sold three novels, I felt so brave I gave up my advertising job. We sold the lamps and the easy chairs and most of the books, and came blithely to New York.
Novels for young adults (1934 - 1962).
Having learned the discipline of writing from her 12 years as an advertising writer and copy editor, Malvern produced several successful novels for young adults in the first years following her return to New York. In 1943, Gladys Malvern penned "Curtain Going Up", a widely read biography of 20th-century actress and legend, Katharine Cornell. The same year, Malvern won the "Julia Ellsworth Ford Foundation Award" for the historical novel, "Valiant Minstrel: The Story of Sir Henry Lauder". Gladys Malvern continued writing biographies of other performers, including Joseph Jefferson, Anna Pavlova and Rossini. She also occasionally wrote under the pseudonyms Vahrah von Klopp and Sabra Lee Corbin.
Malvern corresponded with actress Helen Hayes in 1944 about a potential biographical story for American Girl magazine, but never published her story. It is now available as a 12 page part of the "Malvern Papers", currently held at the New York Public Library in the "Performing Arts Research Collection".
In 1958, Malvern's "Behold Your Queen!", a story of the Biblical character of Esther, was a main selection of the Junior Literary Guild. Malvern wrote several other Biblical stories, including "The Foreigner - A Story of Ruth", "According to Thomas", "Tamar" and "Saul's Daughter".
Gladys Malvern never returned to the stage, but she would go on to write more than 40 successful historical novels, including "Patriot's Daughter - The Story of Anastasia Lafayette" and "Dear Wife - A Story of the American Revolution", many of them illustrated by her sister Corinne, who died in 1956. Gladys moved to Weston, Connecticut, where she continued to write until her own death in November 1962.
Posthumous editions.
Several novels were published posthumously by Vanguard Press in 1971, including "The Six Wives of Henry VIII" and "The World of Lady Jane Grey". However, by 1990, most of the books authored by Gladys Malvern had gone out of print, and could only be found in auctions and the rare book market. In 2011, several Malvern titles were re-issued by publisher "Special Edition Books". In 2012, many Malvern titles were re-issued as interactive ebooks by YA publisher Beebliome Books.

</doc>
<doc id="31149851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149851" title="George Ingersoll Wood">
George Ingersoll Wood

George Ingersoll Wood (20 May 1814-9 January 1899), was an American clergyman and a founding member of Yale's Skull and Bones Society.
Rev. George Ingersoll Wood was born in Stamford, CT. He was the son of Hon. Joseph Wood and Frances Ellsworth.
He graduated from Yale in 1833 and the Union Theological Seminary in New York City in 1838. While at Yale he was a founding member of The Skull and Bones Society.
He was the pastor of The Congregational Churches at Hartford, CT, Branford, CT and Guilford, CT, St. Cloud, MN.
He died at age 84 in Washington, DC.
Family.
He was married Susan Townsend Merwin, daughter of Rev. Samuel Merwin and Clarina B. Taylor, on 28 April 1840 at New Haven, CT.
Children of Rev. George Ingersoll Wood and Susan Townsend Merwin:

</doc>
<doc id="31149859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149859" title="The Revelers Vase">
The Revelers Vase

The Three Revelers Vase, also known as simply the Revelers Vase, is a Greek vase originating from the Archaic Period. Painted around 510 BCE in the red figure pottery style, the Revelers vase was found in an Etruscan tomb in Vulci, Italy. The painting is attributed to Euthymides. Although the vase is in the amphora shape, its purpose is more decorative than functional. The painting itself shows three nude partygoers and Hector arming on the reverse. The work is remarkable because of the early use of foreshortening (3/4 views) as opposed to conventional profile and frontal views. The Revelers Vase currently resides in the Staatliche Antikensammlungen in Münich, Germany.
History.
The Revelers Vase, although of Greek origin, was discovered in an Etruscan tomb in Vulci, Italy. This discovery is evidence of the strong interaction between the Greek and Etruscan cultures. The earliest Greek colonies known in Italy date from around 800 BCE near the present day Bay of Naples. Since the 7th century BCE, the Etruscans were in contact with these Greek colonies, and became avid patrons of Greek art. It is due in part to this interaction between the Etruscans and the Greeks that Greek styles of figure design and architecture were transferred into the artistic canon of Rome.
The Vase.
Euthymides and his contemporaries were known as the “Pioneers” because of their work with the newly discovered red figure style. The Revelers Vase, then, is a product of the early forays into working with red figure technique. Created in the amphora shape, the Revelers Vase was likely created in Athens, the home of Euthymides, and purchased by an Etruscan noble. It was created for aesthetic rather than functional purposes. Approximately 2 feet tall, the black vase is decorated with “red“ floral and geometric motifs on the handles and at the base. These motifs also serve as a frame to the main subject of the work, the three nude revelers. It is obvious that the men have been drinking. The left-most reveler holds a Kanatharos, a Greek drinking vessel, and the two outer revelers are dancing merrily. The figures, however, are linked together only by the subject, not by any plot or narrative. It is more likely that the artist created this as a study of various poses of the human figure. 
On the reverse of the Revelers Vase is a depiction of a scene from Homer’s Iliad. The Trojan prince Hector is shown donning his armor before combat. He is watched by his parents, Priam and Hecuba. Greek mythology and party scenes were popular subjects for painting at this time. 
Artistic Importance.
What is truly remarkable about this vase is not the subject matter, but rather the way in which it is depicted. Breaking the traditionally rigid frontal postures of contemporary Archaic statues and paintings, the revelers are in dynamic, overlapping postures. The two outer figures stand in active stances, with their legs and hands in motion. The middle figure is in a twisted position, with his back to the viewer and his head looking over his left shoulder. The use of foreshortening, although primitive, gives the entire composition a more natural and believable feel. It is perhaps the use of this relatively untried technique that led Euthymides to write on his vase “As never Euphronios do!” as a taunt to his contemporary and rival.
References.
4. Robertson, Martin. "The Beginning of Free Painting." A Shorter History of Greek Art. Cambridge [Eng.: Cambridge UP, 1981. 64-65. Print.
5. "Euthymides." Encyclopædia Britannica. Encyclopædia Britannica Online. Encyclopædia Britannica, 2011. Web. 10 Mar. 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31149878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149878" title="Savu (disambiguation)">
Savu (disambiguation)

Savu is an island in East Nusa Tenggara province, Indonesia.
Savu may also refer to:
People with the given name or family name Savu include:

</doc>
<doc id="31149898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149898" title="Karmayogi">
Karmayogi

Karmayogi may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="31149929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149929" title="Karmayogi (2012 film)">
Karmayogi (2012 film)

Karmayogi is a 2012 Malayalam film directed by V. K. Prakash, starring Indrajith, Nithya Menon, Padmini Kolhapure, Saiju Kurup, Ashokan, Thalaivasal Vijay and Manikuttan. The film is an adaptation of Shakespeare's "Hamlet". Indrajith plays the protagonist in the film.
Plot.
The film tells the story of Rudran Gurukkal, the lone male descendant of the Chathothu family. The family represents the Yogi community, in which Lord Shiva is believed to have been born. Rudran is haunted by a strange kind of destiny. This forms the crux of the story.

</doc>
<doc id="31149948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149948" title="Islam Slimani">
Islam Slimani

Islam Slimani (born 18 June 1988) is an Algerian footballer who plays as a striker for Portuguese Primeira Liga side Sporting Clube de Portugal and the Algeria national team.
An Algerian international, Slimani made his international debut in 2012. As of June 2014, has won 20 international caps and scored 11 goals.
Club career.
In May 2009, Slimani joined CR Belouizdad from JSM Chéraga for a transfer fee of 800,000 Algerian dinars, signing a two year contract. In August, he made his official debut for the club as a starter against MC Oran in the first week of the 2009–10 Algerian Championnat National. He finished his first season with Belouizdad with 8 goals in 30 games
On May 17, 2011, Slimani scored four goals in a league game against JS Kabylie, leading CR Belouizdad to an impressive 7-1 win. In July 2011, with his contract expired and several French clubs such as Nice and Le Havre showing interest in signing him, Slimani decided to sign a two year extension with CR Belouizdad.
On the 6th August 2013 Slimani joined Sporting Clube Portugal. Slimani started the 2013-2014 season as a substitute being used as a secret weapon and scoring vital goals from the bench. But, due to the lack of form of Fredy Montero, he became a starter and scored 4 goals in 4 matches in the early March of 2014 against Rio Ave, SC Braga, Vitória de Setubal and in the Classic against Porto (Sporting won 1-0). On December 2013 he was considered the best Algerian footballer of the year as he won the Algerian golden ball.
International career.
In October 2009, Slimani was called up by Abdelhak Benchikha for the first time to the Algerian A' National Team for a week long training camp in Algiers. In March 2010, Slimani was called up again, this time for a 2011 African Nations Championship qualifier against Libya as a replacement for his injured CR Belouizdad teammate Youcef Saïbi. However, Slimani did not play in the game as Algeria won 1–0.
In May 2012, Slimani was called up for the first time to the Algeria national team for the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers against Mali and Rwanda, and the return leg of the 2013 Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Gambia. On May 26, he made his debut, coming as a substitute at half-time in a friendly against Niger. A week later, on June 2, Slimani scored his first international goal for Algeria, netting the third goal in the 4–0 win over Rwanda in the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers. He followed that up with another goal against Mali in the next game, and then scored another two goals in the following against Gambia.
On 22 June 2014, Slimani scored a the opening goal for "Les Fennecs" in a 4–2 2014 FIFA World Cup group match against South Korea. He also made an assist for the team's third goal by passing the ball to Abdelmoumene Djabou. On 26 June 2014, Slimani scored with a header in Algeria's 1–1 draw with Russia, helping the nation qualify for the knockout rounds of the FIFA World Cup for the first time since 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="31149958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149958" title="List of Georgia State Bicycle Routes">
List of Georgia State Bicycle Routes

The following is a List of Georgia State Bicycle Routes. These routes are designated by the Georgia Department of Transportation.
__TOC__ 
History.
Georgia established a numbered bicycle route system of 14 routes in the mid-1990s. Two of the routes, 15 and 95, are to become incorporated into the United States Numbered Bicycle Routes system as U.S. Bicycle Route 15 and U.S. Bicycle Route 1 respectively.
List of routes.
State Bicycle Route 5.
Georgia State Bicycle Route 5 (Chattahoochee Trace) runs from Lake Seminole north to the Tennessee border in Lookout Mountain, running through the western part of the state. The route passes through Blakely, Fort Gaines, Lumpkin, Cusseta, Columbus, Greenville, Newnan, Carrollton, and Rome.
State Bicycle Route 10.
Georgia State Bicycle Route 10 (Southern Crossing) runs from Lake Seminole east to Jekyll Island, running through the southern part of the state. The route passes through Bainbridge, Cairo, Thomasville, Quitman, Valdosta, Lakeland, Waycross, Nahunta, and Brunswick.
State Bicycle Route 15.
Georgia State Bicycle Route 15 (Central) runs from the Florida border south of Lake Park north to Acworth. The route roughly follows the I-75 corridor south of the Atlanta area before bypassing the Atlanta area to the west. The route passes through Valdosta, Tifton, Ashburn, Cordele, Vienna, Perry, Warner Robins, Macon, Forsyth, Barnesville, Fayetteville, Palmetto, and Lithia Springs.
State Bicycle Route 20.
Georgia State Bicycle Route 20 (Wiregrass) runs from Blakely north to Waycross, passing through Leesburg, Ashburn, Fitzgerald, and Douglas.
State Bicycle Route 35.
Georgia State Bicycle Route 35 (March to the Sea) runs from Savannah northwest to the Tennessee border in Rossville, passing through Statesboro, Millen, Louisville, Sandersville, Milledgeville, Eatonton, Madison, Atlanta, Marietta, Calhoun, and Ringgold.
State Bicycle Route 40.
Georgia State Bicycle Route 40 (TransGeorgia) runs from the Columbus area east to Savannah, passing through Butler, Fort Valley, Warner Robins, Dublin, Soperton, and Metter.
State Bicycle Route 45.
Georgia State Bicycle Route 45 (Little White House) runs from Ellersile north to two separate branches to Atlanta and Palmetto, passing through Woodbury and Fayetteville.
State Bicycle Route 50.
Georgia State Bicycle Route 50 (Augusta Link) runs from Thomson east to Augusta.
State Bicycle Route 55.
Georgia State Bicycle Route 55 (Appalachian Gateway) runs from Bike Route 70 near Suwanee north to Robertstown, passing through Gainesville and Cleveland.
State Bicycle Route 60.
Georgia State Bicycle Route 60 (Athens Link) runs from Bike Route 70 near Grayson east to Elberton, passing through Winder, Watkinsville, and Athens.
State Bicycle Route 70.
Georgia State Bicycle Route 70 (Northern Crescent) runs from Acworth east to Snellville, bypassing Atlanta to the north. The route passes through Alpharetta and Lawrenceville.
State Bicycle Route 85.
Georgia State Bicycle Route 85 (Savannah River Run) runs from Savannah north to the North Carolina border in Dillard, running through the eastern part of the state. The route passes through Springfield, Sylvania, Millen, Thomson, Washington, Elberton, Hartwell, Toccoa, and Clayton.
State Bicycle Route 90.
Georgia State Bicycle Route 90 (Mountain Crossing) runs from Cloudland Canyon east to Tallulah Falls, running through the northern part of the state. The route passes through La Fayette, Dalton, Chatsworth, Ellijay, and Dahlonega.
State Bicycle Route 95.
Georgia State Bicycle Route 95 (Coastal) runs from the Florida border near Kingsland north to the South Carolina border near Clyo, running through the coastal area of the state. The route passes through Woodbine, Brunswick, Darien, Savannah, and Springfield.

</doc>
<doc id="31149963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149963" title="Maria del Pilar Ortiz">
Maria del Pilar Ortiz

María del Pilar Ortiz is a Colombian reporter and journalist.
She is most recognized as the former director and anchorwoman of Noticias Univision in Tampa, Florida; a position she maintained for eleven years. In addition to Univision, she has worked as a reporter for RCN TV, Caracol TV, and CBS TeleNoticias. She has interviewed multiple politicians and celebrities including Barack Obama, John McCain, Andrés Pastrana, Hugo Chávez, Shakira, Carlos Vives, Celia Cruz, Tito Nieves, Ricardo Arjona, Ricky Martin, and many others. In 1997, while working at Caracol TV, she received the Simon Bolivar National Journalism Award in the category of Best Television Chronicle of the Year.
Today, Maria del Pilar Ortiz serves as a consultant for La Guia Magazine. She is also a columnist for the weekly newspaper 7 Dias along with Jorge Ramos amongst others.

</doc>
<doc id="31149978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31149978" title="The Chieftains Live!">
The Chieftains Live!

The Chieftains Live! is the first album by The Chieftains which was recorded live. It was recorded on tour in December 1976 at Symphony Hall in Boston and Massey Hall in Toronto.
Although the album sold well, it is Paddy Moloney's least favorite album. Moloney was quoted as saying, "I don't know what they did to it technically, but I know it plays too fast!"

</doc>
<doc id="31150010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150010" title="Pulmonary cyst">
Pulmonary cyst

Pulmonary cyst may refer to:
Pulmonary cyst may be relevant to:
Treatments for pulmonary cysts include:

</doc>
<doc id="31150029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150029" title="Sendai Subway 1000 series">
Sendai Subway 1000 series

The is a rapid transit electric multiple unit (EMU) train type operated on the Sendai Subway Namboku Line in Sendai, Japan.
The 1000 series was the world's first train type to use fuzzy logic to control its speed, and this system developed by Hitachi accounts for the relative smoothness of the starts and stops when compared to other trains, and is 10% more energy efficient than human-controlled acceleration. It was the recipient of the 28th Laurel Prize award presented by the Japan Railfan Club.
Refurbishment.
From 2004 until 2013, the 1000 series trains will undergo mid-life refurbishment to extend their lifespan. As of April 2009, 12 sets have been refurbished, and the refurbished sets are renamed 1000N series.
The refurbished trains include the following features.

</doc>
<doc id="31150038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150038" title="Lennie Clements">
Lennie Clements

Lennie Clements (born January 20, 1957) is an American professional golfer.
Clements was born in Cherry Point, North Carolina. He played college golf at San Diego State University where he was a three-time All-American. He was inducted into the San Diego State Aztec Hall of Fame in 1999.
Clements turned professional in 1980. He played on the PGA Tour from 1981 to 1998. His best finish was a T-2 at the 1994 Bob Hope Chrysler Classic. His best finish in a major was a T-9 at the 1987 U.S.Open. He also played a few events on the Ben Hogan Tour in 1991 and 1992, winning at the 1992 Ben Hogan Greater Ozarks Open.
Results in major championships.
DNP = Did not play<br>
WD = withdrew from tournament<br>
CUT = missed the half-way cut<br>
"T" = tied<br>
Yellow background for top-10.

</doc>
<doc id="31150039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150039" title="Mammoth Cave (Western Australia)">
Mammoth Cave (Western Australia)

Mammoth Cave is a large limestone cave 21 km south of the town of Margaret River in south-western Western Australia, and about 300 km south of Perth. It lies within the Leeuwin-Naturaliste National Park and is surrounded by Karri and Marri forest.
Exploration.
The cave is 500 m long and 30 m deep. It has been known from about 1850 to European settlers of the Margaret River district, but it was not explored until 1895. Its first explorer Tim Connelly, who was appointed caretaker of the cave, conducted tours by lamplight until 1904 when electric lighting was installed. 
Fossils.
The cave has been studied for over a century. It has yielded fossils of Pleistocene fauna over 35,000 years old, including those of thylacines and the giant marsupial herbivore "Zygomaturus".

</doc>
<doc id="31150046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150046" title="Child labour in Vietnam">
Child labour in Vietnam

It is a hard truth that many children in Vietnam are withdrawn from school to be bread-winners for their families. 
The Labor newspaper reported that 30 percent of Vietnamese children between the age of six to seventeen join the labor force. Most children stay close to home to help their family business. However, a report released by the Ministry of Labor – Invalid and Social Affairs in 2008 showed that there are 26,027 children that are in hard labor conditions in hazardous environment such as gold mines, timber operations or cargo transport. The actual number could be much larger as children employed as domestic servants, restaurant assistants or children working on the streets as beggars, shoes shiners or newspaper and lottery sellers were not covered in the report. The report also revealed that up to 62 out of 173 manufacturing factories in Ho Chi Minh City employed child laborers, 50 percent of whom are below 15 years old. The working environment of the employed generally includes long hours of work, low wages, poor facilities and even physical and mental abuse. 
Although Vietnamese law prohibits the employment of children under the age of 15, the system has too many loopholes to provide children with the level of protection that they really need. These laws are not aggressively enforced, allowing employers to continue employing child labor without any ramifications. In addition, child labor remains a controversial issue in Vietnam as many people believe that children should share the workload and household responsibilities with their family. These are just a few reasons why child labor is still a serious problem in Vietnam. However, attitudes towards child labor are shifting. The Vietnamese government has been putting in more effort to tackle the problem. For example, Vietnam has been teaming up with the International Labor Organization to raise public awareness on children protection, bringing children back to school and helping rescued children.

</doc>
<doc id="31150066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150066" title="Rudolf Keyser">
Rudolf Keyser

Rudolf Keyser (1 January 1803 - 9 October 1864) was a Norwegian historian, archaeologist and educator.
Jakob Rudolf Keyser was born in Christiania, now Oslo, Norway. Following studies in Iceland, Rudolf Keyser was appointed as a docent at the Royal Frederick University in Christiania in 1828. He became a professor in 1831 and remained at the University until he retired in 1862. Keyser was also the first manager for the University Museum of National Antiquities. He cataloged and categorized prehistoric artifacts which had originated from excavations. He did so utilizing the chronological system developed by Christian Jürgensen Thomsen.
Keyser was most commonly associated with the Theory on immigration to Norway. Keyser was a supporter of the migration theory that the Norse tribes had wandered into Norway from the north and east, a view also shared by Peter Andreas Munch, a former student of Keyser. This theory was inspired in part by the earlier works of Gerhard Schøning. The theory was commonly denounced by many Norwegian historians especially by Ludvig Kristensen Daa. Rudolf Keyser became a knight in the Order of St. Olav in 1847.

</doc>
<doc id="31150099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150099" title="Waters v. Churchill">
Waters v. Churchill

Waters v. Churchill, 511 U.S. 661 (1994), is a United States Supreme Court case concerning the First Amendment rights of public employees in the workplace. By a 7–2 margin the justices held that it was not necessary to determine what a nurse at a public hospital had actually said while criticizing a supervisor's staffing practices to coworkers, as long as the hospital had formed a reasonable belief as to the content of her remarks and reasonably believed that they could be disruptive to its operations. They vacated a Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals ruling in her favor, and ordered the case remanded to district court to determine instead if the nurse had been fired for the speech or other reasons, per the Court's ruling two decades prior in "Mt. Healthy City School District Board of Education v. Doyle".
The case had first been brought by Cheryl Churchill, a nurse in the obstetrics ward at McDonough District Hospital, operated by the city of Macomb, Illinois. During a dinner break one night in early 1987, she had been talking with another nurse who was considering transferring to obstetrics. In that conversation she made statements critical of cross-training practices recently implemented by the hospital's nursing supervisor, Cindy Waters, and referred to personal issues between the two. Another nurse who overheard the conversation believed Churchill's comments about Waters had dissuaded her interlocutor from the transfer, and reported it to Waters. After an investigation in which Churchill alleged she was never asked about what she had said, she was fired.
There were four separate opinions. Sandra Day O'Connor wrote for a four-justice plurality that the government has a lower obligation to respect constitutional rights when it acts as employer rather than as the sovereign. Accordingly, in that situation it should not be required to meet a due process standard greater than the reasonableness of its own finding of fact. David Souter added a short concurring opinion qualifying the plurality, which he said was in fact a majority, with his insistence that in such cases the government must demonstrate that its understanding of what the employee said was not only a reasonable belief but a truthful one. Antonin Scalia concurred as well, but harshly criticized O'Connor's opinion. He read it as requiring a procedural handling of every possible adverse personnel action where First Amendment rights might be implicated, providing "more questions than answers". John Paul Stevens' dissent argued that the First Amendment required that the lower court determine exactly what Churchill had said before ruling on whether it was protected.
Outside commentators have also been critical of the decision, since it might discourage whistleblowers. In addition to echoing Stevens' concerns, they have seen it as abandoning any concern for the truth, imposing a heavy burden on a plaintiff, relying on an overly narrow conception of the public's interest, and possibly discouraging people from entering public service. The decision resulted in a lower court changing its ruling in a high-profile case involving controversial academic Leonard Jeffries.
Dispute.
Churchill had been hired as a part-time nurse at McDonough in 1982, and promoted to full-time status three years later. She worked for the next two years in the obstetrics ward. She had generally received favorable performance evaluations until Waters became her supervisor in the middle of 1986.
That happened a few months after Kathy Davis took over as the hospital's vice president of nursing. Waters had been implementing Davis's policy of cross-training, under which nurses in areas that were overstaffed on a particular shift were reassigned to departments that needed more nurses. Churchill was one of several employees who had voiced objections to the way the policy was being implemented. She and other critics feared that it was primarily being used to address staffing shortages without providing adequate training, with detrimental effects on patient care.
Churchill's criticisms had been long voiced by one of the hospital's obstetricians, Dr. Thomas Koch. During a 1982 malpractice suit he had blamed a stillbirth on nursing shortages created, he alleged, by hospital policies, and had continued the criticism since then. Churchill and he became friends and allies, with her providing inside information on nursing policies that he then used to criticize the administration. She believed this incurred her the enmity of administrators who by summer of 1986 were keeping a file of criticisms of Koch made by Davis and nursing supervisor Cindy Waters.
That August, an incident occurred that bore out Churchill and Koch's concerns, and began the sequence of events that led to the lawsuit. During a difficult delivery, Koch called for a "Code pink" emergency, indicating danger to the life of mother and/or child. A probationary nurse, Mary Lou Ballew, did not know how to properly signal the emergency and did not alert all the necessary personnel. Churchill responded and helped Koch prepare for an emergency Cesarean section. 
After the surgery, Churchill was completing paperwork in the delivery room when Waters looked in on a patient in the early stages of labor Churchill had been attending to across the hall. She ordered Churchill to check on that patient. Churchill responded "You don't need to tell me what to do", and then complied with the order. Koch was very upset by this interference. At a meeting the next day with Waters and Stephen Hopper, the hospital's president and chief executive officer, he criticized Waters' conduct and the effect of the cross-training policies.
Churchill was later given a written warning for insubordination; she chose not to either make a written response or file a grievance, which she had the right to do, as she "did not want to make mountains out of molehills". Waters' annual evaluation of Churchill was overall positive, but noted an increasing antipathy toward her. In January 1987, a cross-trainee, Melanie Perkins-Graham, mentioned to Churchill over dinner during a meal break, with Koch present, that she was considering transferring to obstetrics. The exact nature of the ensuing conversation was central to the ensuing dispute.
Since the break room was located immediately behind the main nurse's station in obstetrics, others overheard all or part of it. Ballew, whose work-related absences from the nurses' station limited her exposure to the conversation, and head nurse Jean Welty, were among them. The next morning Ballew told Davis that Churchill had spent 20 minutes "knocking the department" and specifically criticizing Waters and Davis, saying the former was trying to get her fired and the latter "was going to ruin this hospital". After the conversation, Ballew claimed, Perkins-Graham was no longer interested in transferring. The morning afterwards, Davis asked Perkins-Graham to tell her about the conversation.
Perkins-Graham told her that Churchill "had indeed said unkind and inappropriate negative things about Cindy Waters" and confirmed the complaints about the ward and the criticism of Davis. Davis decided to fire Churchill for what she considered continued insubordination, but did not do so until after she had consulted with Waters, Hopper and the hospital's personnel director. Churchill appealed to Hopper, her only recourse under the hospital's employee policy, but after a meeting with her and the personnel director he told her that the negative evaluation the month before counted as a second written warning and thus her termination had followed the proper process.
Waters took her case to federal court. Her suit in the Central District of Illinois in Peoria named Waters, Davis, Hopper and the hospital as defendants. She alleged violations of her First Amendment right to free speech and Fourteenth Amendment right to due process under Section 1983, and breach of contract under Illinois law.
No trial was actually held. After all witnesses had been deposed, Judge Michael M. Mihm considered motions for summary judgement, granting them for the defense. Churchill appealed, and won a reversal.
Lower courts.
District court.
In a deposition, Churchill gave her version of the break room conversation she had had with Perkins-Graham that had led to her dismissal. She had repeated her earlier criticisms, which were not of cross-training in itself but merely the way Davis had implemented it. A specific concern of hers was the hospital's requirement that obstetric nurses who had reassigned to another department shower and change before returning to obstetrics, in an apparent effort to circumvent a regulatory requirement that nurses assigned to obstetrics remain there for an entire shift or not return if they were temporarily assigned elsewhere.
As to whether her comments about Waters had been as continuous and negative as Perkins-Graham and Ballew had asserted, Churchill testified that she had not had a problem with Waters and felt she could have a good working relationship with her. Welty, the chief shift nurse on duty that night, who had overheard most of the conversation from the nearby nurses' station, corroborated Churchill's version. She further recalled that Perkins-Graham had said she had only one reservation about transferring to obstetrics—Waters. Churchill, Welty testified, had actually defended Waters, saying she had a difficult job and was sometimes moody, but that could be accommodated.
After the depositions had been taken and briefs filed, the defendants moved for summary judgement. Judge Michael M. Mihm granted it on all but the First Amendment claim. Much of his opinion, handed down in early 1990, consisted of a lengthy explication of Illinois case law on contract formation as it applied to language in the hospital's employee handbook. He held that it did not constitute a firm offer of continued employment and thus could not be considered a contract Churchill had become party to by continuing to work once aware of its terms. Since there was no contract to breach, there could be no denial of due process rights. He could not grant summary judgement on the First Amendment claim since there was a factual dispute in that area, and ordered a status conference to be held the next month with a magistrate.
Churchill then moved for summary judgement on the remaining claim, arguing that she had been fired without a determination that she had been engaging in protected speech on a matter of public concern, and that her rights to freedom of association with Dr. Koch had also been abridged, in violation of her due process rights. The defendants cross-moved for the same, arguing failure to state a claim on the free-association claim. They denied she had been engaging in protected speech, and that even if it were, she would still have been fired for undermining the hospital administration. 
Mihm found Churchill's speech "inherently disruptive". Echoing Perkins-Graham's description of it as a "bitch session", and noting "history of hostility between Churchill and her supervisors", he found she intended "not to inform but rather to gripe." He entered judgement for the defendants.
Appeal.
Churchill then appealed Mihm's ruling to the Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals. Koch, whom she married in 1991, joined the case as an appellant, arguing that Waters, Davis and Hopper had tried to have his privileges revoked as retaliation for his role in the incident. A three-judge panel of Richard Dickson Cudahy, John Louis Coffey and Daniel Anthony Manion heard the case in February 1992. Eight months later, they ruled in favor of Churchill.
Coffey's opinion considered three issues: whether the district court had properly found Churchill's criticisms of Waters, Davis and cross-training did not touch on a matter of public concern, whether the appellants' failure to determine that before firing her had been a due process violation and whether they were entitled to qualified immunity from the suit since they argued there was no settled law on the subject. To resolve the first issue, he turned to the relevant case law on the subject.
In 1968's "Pickering v. Board of Education", the Supreme Court had overturned the firing of an Illinois high-school teacher for writing a letter to the editor in a local newspaper critical of the school board's handling of a recent tax increase. That case had established that public employees had First Amendment rights to "comment on matters of public interest in connection with the operations of the public in which they work." A decade later, "Givhan v. Western Line Consol. School Dist." had extended that protection to an employee speaking privately to a superior about such issues.
The most important precedent for Churchill's case was 1983's "Connick v. Myers", where the Court had upheld the dismissal of an assistant district attorney who had circulated questionnaires among her coworkers about office policy and named superiors in the wake of a transfer she had resisted. In that case the deciding issue had been that the questionnaire had largely concerned matters of personal, not public, concern. Coffey quoted that case's holding that courts "must determine the content, form, and context of a given statement, as revealed by the whole record." Circuit precedent, from shortly after "Connick", held that the content of the speech was the most important of those three. 
Under the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, the appeals court could not make a determination as to the content of the disputed speech. Instead, Coffey wrote, it would rule on the status of Churchill's speech, reviewing the record and considering it in the light most favorable to her, as the party in opposition to the motion for summary judgement.
"It is evident that the District Court's grant of summary judgment was in error," wrote Coffey. In her deposition, Churchill had discussed at length her criticisms of how cross-training had been implemented, and her concerns that the policy requiring a shower and change of clothes for nurses returning to the obstetric ward from another department was a possible violation of state regulations. "She was undoubtedly speaking about a matter of public concern", the judge concluded. He chastised the hospital for its apparent violations, quoting from and discussing at length the standards of the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations on cross-training to demonstrate that this was a matter of public concern. "he content of the speech is a question of fact for the jury," Coffey concluded.
Coffey turned next to the context, addressing Mihm's holding that under the "Pickering" balancing test, the hospital was permitted to fire Churchill because her speech was sufficiently disruptive to it even if it had been on a matter of public concern. It was erroneous, he wrote, because it ignored Jean Welty's testimony that had corroborated Churchill's account of the conversation. Further, she had professional obligations to act under the code of the American Nursing Association, which Coffey quoted in relevant part. "Cheryl Churchill's actions fall far short of the actions of an insubordinate or problem employee", he wrote. " interest in fulfilling her duties and obligations as an ethical, responsible professional ... clearly outweighs the hospital's interests in interfering and ultimately preventing her from speaking out on important matters of public concern." Further, the animosity between Churchill and her superiors was, upon further examination, "nothing but a one sided demonstration of hostility toward Churchill."
The next argument Coffey considered was due process. The "Mt. Healthy" defense raised by the hospital was that Churchill had not demonstrated that her speech was why she was fired. In response she had argued that the hospital violated her due process rights by not investigating the actual content of her speech. "We disagree" wrote Coffey, "that it is necessary to create a First Amendment due process right in order to protect the rights of public employees to speak out on matters of public concern, for we believe that "Mt. Healthy" provides adequate safeguards regardless of whether the employer actually "knew" the precise content of the statements for which it fired the employee."
The hospital believed it had overcome "Mt. Healthy", since it claimed Churchill was fired for her general pattern of complaining rather than the conversation with Perkins-Graham. Coffey said that was a misreading of that holding, which was meant to protect conduct.
Lastly, he dismissed the defendants' claim to qualified immunity, under which officials who engage in conduct which may later be found illegal are immune from prosecution or suit if they can demonstrate a lack of settled law on it at the time, for the same underlying reasons. "1987 the law was clear that the speech of public employees while at work was protected under the First Amendment if it was about matters of public concern in connection with their workplace," Coffey wrote. "[We hold that ignorance of the nature of the employee's speech (in particular in light of the record before us) is inadequate to insulate officials from a § 1983 action."
The court amended its decision the day after handing it down. Two months later a motion for rehearing was denied. The appellees then petitioned the Supreme Court for "certiorari". In order to resolve a conflict the case had created with similar cases in other appellate circuits where qualified immunity was at issue, the Court granted the request in 1993.
Supreme Court.
Before the Court.
The federal government filed an "amicus curiae" brief urging reversal, along with the International City/County Management Association. "Amici" urging affirmance came from the National Education Association and Southern States Police Benevolent Association. The National Employment Lawyers Association (NELA) filed an "amicus curiae" brief on behalf of Petitioners, Waters, "et al.". In it, NELA’s counsel of record argued, "inter alia", that the firing of a public employee for uttering speech subjectively deemed by a public employer to be deemed “insubordinate” is an unconstitutionally vague and overbroad employment of the employees First Amendment rights.
Oral arguments were heard in December 1993. Lawrence Manson, arguing for the hospital and other original defendants as petitioners, was joined by assistant Solicitor General Richard Seamon. John Bisbee, who had represented Churchill and Koch from the beginning, argued their case.
Manson began by attacking the Seventh Circuit's "unprecedented holding". Churchill, he argued, had to show that the defendants were aware that her speech was protected. "ll the defendants knew about was comments of personal matters, grievances against the supervisor." He quoted at length from Ballew's deposition to support that contention. If Churchill had wanted to contest the veracity of Ballew's report, she had the opportunity to do so when Davis fired her, but chose not to do so.
The justices challenged him at length on the implications of that theory, whether it would apply to a more clear-cut situation where the employer had acted on mistaken information. Manson insisted that under the "Mt. Healthy" rule that would not be a violation of the First Amendment. He also insisted that it covered a case where the motive for the firing was clearly the speech and not any other associated conduct. Seamon, too, was questioned on this as well, with the same result. "n an employment at will situation like this one, the Government can discharge an employee for any reason or no reason at all, as long as it is not motivated by a desire to retaliate against the employee for engaging in protected speech."
Bisbee was asked the same question, but preferred to focus on the facts of his case. He stressed that "hat was reported to them was basically a headline: 'Things were bad in OB and the administration was responsible.'" Justice Sandra Day O'Connor asked about the "Pickering" test: "Do you think that even protected speech could also serve to demonstrate sufficient disruption to the employer's operation that a firing could be justified?" Bisbee conceded that it could, but "it seems to me there has got to be some reasonable basis for thinking that the speech was doing that."
How, he was later asked, could the Seventh Circuit's holding that an employer could be held liable for adverse action against speech believed to be unprotected but later held otherwise be reconciled with qualified immunity? "Number one, I disagree with that," he said. "Unfortunately that's the question cert was granted on", came the reply. Bisbee insisted that the record did not support that reading, that it was merely a dictum and that he himself had not so argued.
When pressed about this again later, some sharp exchanges resulted. Bisbee said "the Court doesn't even really need to reach that question". "Suppose we think we need to reach that decision" he was told. "e didn't take this case to determine who said what in the cafeteria. We determine this case to see what the rule of law ought to be if an employer acts on reasonable, substantiated information, but is wrong." Bisbee suggested that the Seventh Circuit had perhaps used "language that was broader than it needed to", to which O'Connor responded that it might need to be sent back since even he declined to defend their legal theory. "It seems to me that you can affirm the judgment and say that the legal test employed by the Seventh Circuit was not altogether correct," he proposed.
Decision.
The Court announced its decision May 31, 1994. Seven justices had agreed to vacate the Seventh Circuit and remand the case to district court for a determination of what exactly Churchill was fired for. Three justices joined Sandra Day O'Connor in a plurality opinion. David Souter, a member of that plurality, added a concurrence of his own. Antonin Scalia wrote a separate concurrence, joined by two other justices. John Paul Stevens wrote for himself and Harry Blackmun that the First Amendment was important enough that Churchill was entitled to the trial she sought to determine what she said.
Majority.
The plurality, joined by Chief Justice William Rehnquist, David Souter and Ruth Bader Ginsburg, held that the appeals court had proposed a test too onerous to the government to be broadly applied, but agreed that there was enough of a factual dispute over what Churchill had been fired for to remand the case to district court for that determination. Souter added a concurrence clarifying that the employers can act against unprotected employee speech when they believe their facts about the speech to be true, rather than just the result of a reasonable investigation. He also noted that, since the plurality holding had been joined by the other majority justices in one aspect and the dissenting justices in another, it was in fact a majority opinion.
In a separate concurrence, Antonin Scalia wrote for himself, Clarence Thomas and Anthony Kennedy that adverse personnel actions for speech by public employees violate the First Amendment only when their purpose is clearly retaliatory, as he believed it had been in "Pickering". He attacked the plurality opinion as creating a poorly defined procedural requirement that might well prove unworkable in practice.
Plurality opinion.
"There is no dispute in this case about when speech by a government employee is protected by the First Amendment," began O'Connor's analysis, after she recounted the facts of the case. "The dispute is over how the factual basis for applying the test—what the speech was, in what tone it was delivered, what the listener's reactions were—is to be determined." She agreed with Churchill that some reliable procedures were necessary to protect First Amendment rights, and cited several cases that imposed such procedural requirements, primarily in the area of defamation law.
O'Connor rejected the narrower protection Scalia advocated in his concurrence. "Speech can be chilled and punished by administrative action as much as by judicial processes; in no case have we asserted or even implied the contrary." To the plurality, however, it did not follow that all possible procedural review was constitutionally necessary. The Court had in some past defamation cases declined to apply the actual malice standard, even though doing so would strengthen free-speech protections, she noted.
It was, O'Connor agreed with Scalia, inconvenient that no general test existed for these cases. So, "e must therefore reconcile ourselves to answering the question on a case-by-case basis, at least until some workable general rule emerges." The general principle, from "Pickering" and previous cases had established that "the government as employer indeed has far broader powers than does the government as sovereign". No one, she suggested, would dispute that a government agency could bar its employees from wearing, on the job, clothing decorated with profanity, despite the Court's "Cohen v. California" holding that such behavior could not sustain a prosecution for disorderly conduct. The Court had also upheld the Hatch Act's limitations on political activity by federal employees on several occasions, she noted.
Those past cases, O'Connor continued, had shown deference to the government's opinion of what speech acts by employees in the workplace would be disruptive to the government's interest in providing public services efficiently, again in ways the Court had not with cases concerning speech in general.
The Seventh Circuit's requirement "would force the government employer to come to its factual conclusions through procedures that substantially mirror the evidentiary rules used in court", O'Connor wrote. Hearsay evidence might not be usable, and credibility judgements might not be shared by a jury or judge. Yet both were regularly used by both public and private employers in making personnel decisions. "Government employers should be allowed to use , without fear that these differences will lead to liability."
What O'Connor did allow was that the public employer's decision must be the result of "the care that a reasonable manager would use before making an employment decision". She again responded to Scalia, who had said precedent made that standard applicable only where the employment had some sort of contractual basis and was not at-will or probationary. "We believe that the possibility of inadvertently punishing someone for exercising her First Amendment rights makes such care necessary." She then addressed Stevens' claim in dissent that this was less protection than the Court had required for lesser rights. "We have never held that it is a violation of the Constitution for a government employer to discharge an employee based on substantively incorrect information. Where an employee has a property interest in her job, the only protection we have found the Constitution gives her is a right to adequate procedure."
Applying this analysis to the facts of the case, she concluded that hospital management had made a reasonable decision of what Churchill had said before firing her.
And what they believed Churchill to have said, under "Connick", was disruptive enough to justify adverse action regardless of whether it addressed a public concern, which the plurality declined to decide. "Discouraging people from coming to work for a department certainly qualifies as disruption." Perkins-Graham herself had told Davis she didn't think the hospital could "tolerate that kind of negativism" much longer, and if Churchill had indeed denied the possibility of getting along with Waters, Churchill's continued effectiveness as a nurse under Waters' supervision could be reasonably expected to be diminished.
Despite this, O'Connor agreed with Churchill and the Seventh Circuit that Mihm had erred in granting summary judgement against the nurse. " has produced enough evidence to create a material issue of disputed fact about petitioners' actual motivation." It was possible that a trier of fact could find, in certain other actions by the hospital management, evidence that her non-disruptive, and therefore protected, criticisms of the implementation of the cross-training policy. That conclusion foreclosed the need to decide the qualified immunity question that had been discussed so heavily at oral argument. The Seventh Circuit's decision was vacated and the case remanded to district court to decide what action of Churchill's had motivated the firing.
Souter concurrence.
David Souter, one of the four justices in the plurality, added his own concurrence. He wished "to emphasize that, in order to avoid liability, the public employer must not only reasonably investigate the third-party report, but must also actually believe it." Without that criterion, he argued, the government "can assert no legitimate interest strong enough to justify chilling protected expression." That left it open for Churchill to argue on remand that the putatively disruptive speech issue was merely a pretext for an unjustified, retaliatory firing over her criticisms of the cross-training implementation.
He also clarified that the plurality's holding was the one lower courts should look to in future cases, per the standard for divided majority opinions announced in the 1977 obscenity case "Marks v. United States". Seven justices agreed that public employers who acted on a reasonable belief of the content of employee speech had met their constitutional burden, and the plurality and dissent both supported a view that public employers who did not had violated the First Amendment. Therefore, the plurality was in fact a majority with its components joined by different justices.
Scalia concurrence.
"This recognition", Scalia began, "of a broad new First Amendment procedural right is in my view unprecedented, superfluous to the decision in the present case, unnecessary for protection of public-employee speech on matters of public concern, and unpredictable in its application and consequences." He agreed that sometimes procedures were necessary to protect First Amendment rights. Most of the cases the plurality had cited were from defamation law, which was primarily enforced through litigation, thus making procedural safeguards a necessary subject of discussion.
"Although we are assured that 'not every procedure that may safeguard protected speech is constitutionally mandated,' the implication of that assurance is that many are'" Scalia continued. The plurality had provided little guidance in that area. He could not reconcile this due-process requirement with other cases where the Court had ruled that at-will public employees, lacking a property interest in their jobs, were not entitled to this level of process in adverse personnel actions. He found it absurd that there was no need to investigate if the dismissal was for other causes, whether erroneously believed or not., But if speech was involved, the matter would have to be investigated, after which an adverse action could proceed, even if the investigation had produced inaccurate information about the content of the speech, as long as it did not touch on matters of public concern.
Scalia argued that the plurality had not created new procedural protections for the First Amendment, "but rather new First Amendment rights". "Pickering" had held that public employees must be free to speak on issues of public concern without fear of retaliation, and he considered that the important factor. "A category of employee speech is certainly not being 'retaliated against' if it is no more and no less subject to being mistaken for a disciplinable infraction than is any other category of speech or conduct." He found the procedural test "doubly irrelevant" since not only had the plurality found the hospital to have satisfied it, they then remanded the case so the district court could conduct a trial on whether the speech was a pretext for a retaliatory firing. Since that had been the end result of "Mt. Healthy" he found no need for a new requirement in this case, and cited other areas where the Court had found a pretext inquiry sufficient to protect constitutional rights. 
In response to Stevens' dissent, he said such an inquiry had been held constitutionally inadequate only where there was a contractual relationship, which Churchill did not have. "An employee dismissable at will can be fired on the basis of an erroneous factual judgment, with no legal recourse—which is what happened here." Her only protection was the "Pickering" holding that she could not be retaliated against, and the plurality was not so much reinforcing that as expanding it to cover employer mistakes.
The plurality opinion "provides more questions than answers, subjecting public employers to intolerable legal uncertainty", Scalia concluded. He went through all the hypothetical questions they would have to ask under the decision, and possible remedies that might be derived from it due to the lack of guidance on the question. "Loose ends are the inevitable consequence of judicial invention", he wrote. "We will spend decades trying to improvise the limits of this new First Amendment procedure that is unmentioned in text and unformed by tradition."
Dissent.
For private-sector employees, Stevens wrote, the exercise of their First Amendment rights to speak on matters of public concern "may entail unpleasant consequences." But public employees were entitled to greater protections. "As long as that expression is not unduly disruptive, it simply may not provide the basis for discipline or termination."
Stevens believed there was no real factual dispute as to the basis of Churchill's termination—the dinner-break conversation. The Court had to assume it was protected speech, per procedure, but the plurality had concluded that what mattered was that the hospital reasonably believed it was not. "This conclusion is erroneous because it provides less protection for a fundamental constitutional right than the law ordinarily provides for less exalted rights, including contractual and statutory rights applicable in the private sector." 
Had Churchill been a contractual employee, fired in the mistaken belief that she had failed to perform her job adequately, she would have been entitled to relief, he noted. "Ordinarily, when someone acts to another person's detriment based upon a factual judgment, the actor assumes the risk that an impartial adjudicator may come to a different conclusion". The Court, he noted, had done just that in "National Labor Relations Board v. Burnup & Sims, Inc.", when it upheld the board's order to reinstate two workers fired in the mistaken belief that they had threatened violence if a union certification vote failed.
Stevens criticized Scalia's approach as derived solely from the use of the word "retaliation" in the cases Scalia had cited. In all those cases, there had been no factual dispute over the content of the speech. Two, "Pickering" and "Perry v. Sindermann" suggested that a "causal connection between the employee's speech and her discharge is all the 'retaliation' that must be shown."
Stevens saw the issue in very stark terms.
Since disagreements among employees were inevitable, the plurality's rule "invites discipline, rather than further discussion, when such disputes arise." In conclusion, he said, the First Amendment "requires that, before firing a public employee for her speech, management get its facts straight."
Subsequent jurisprudence.
The next term, in "United States v. National Treasury Employees Union", a 6–3 Court held unconstitutional Section 501(b) of the Ethics Reform Act of 1989, which barred all federal employees from accepting compensation for making speeches or writing for publication. Stevens, writing for the majority, distinguished the case from "Waters" and its predecessors by noting that it involved a broadly applied instance of prior restraint instead of a disciplinary action against a single employee for actual speech. Following "Waters" he find the government's predictions of disruption if the statute unwarranted.
O'Connor wrote a separate concurrence noting that this case was an instance of the limits on deference to the government as employer she had recognized in "Waters". "As the magnitude of intrusion on employees' interests rises, so does the Government's burden of justification ... In this case ... the Government has exceeded the limits of its latitude". Chief Justice William Rehnquist, writing for the dissenters, argued that the majority overemphasized the "Waters" test at the expense of the balancing of individual and government interests required by "Pickering".
Appeals courts.
The Supreme Court has not explored the issues raised by "Waters" in any subsequent case it has heard, since of the two that have considered the First Amendment rights of public employees ("San Diego v. Roe" and "Garcetti v. Ceballos"), neither has involved a factual dispute over the substance of the speech. Its holding that the government has a lower constitutional burden as employer than as sovereign has been reiterated in those cases, and it has also appeared in cases involving other constitutional claims by public employees, particularly the Fourth Amendment.
That holding has also been cited many times by lower courts. At the appellate level, there have been several notable cases where "Waters" has factored into the analysis, sometimes helping to decide the case, and in others allowing judges to develop aspects of the holding in greater depth. Two cases concerned academic freedom and political correctness. Others involved same-sex marriage and satanic ritual abuse.
Academic freedom cases.
"Jeffries v. Harleston".
The "Waters" decision had an immediate effect on a case arising from an academic controversy in New York. Following a 1991 speech making assertions that Jews sponsored the slave trade and controlled the media, Leonard Jeffries, chairman of the African-American studies department at the City College of New York (CCNY), was terminated from the chairmanship prior to the end of his three-year term by the City University of New York (CUNY) trustees although he retained his professorship. CUNY administrators claimed they did so for other reasons unrelated to the speech. He sued, was awarded damages, and the Second Circuit upheld the verdict in 1993.
After "Waters", the university petitioned the Supreme Court for "certiorari". The Supreme Court told the Second Circuit to reconsider the case in light of that holding. In 1995, the Second Circuit reversed its original ruling, finding that under "Waters" the College could have reasonably considered Jeffries' speech disruptive enough to justify adverse action. Judge Joseph M. McLaughlin interpreted "Waters" to hold, relevant to the Jeffries case, "that the closer the employee's speech reflects on matters of public concern, the greater must be the employer's showing that the speech is likely to be disruptive before it may be punished".
The first appellate decision had held that the university had failed to show actual disruption to its operations by the speech. ""Waters" pulls a crucial support column out from under our earlier "Jeffries" opinion", McLaughlin wrote, by lowering the requirement to demonstrate only the likelihood. Since the jury had found that a majority of the CUNY trustees voted to end his chairmanship for that reason, his First Amendment rights had not been abridged. McLaughlin also rejected an argument in an "amicus" brief that Jeffries' academic freedom deserved greater protection than Churchill's, since he was tenured and retained his professorship.
"Burnham v. Ianni".
In fall 1991 two students in the History Club at the University of Minnesota Duluth had the idea to photograph professors in the history department with props that represented their specialties for a display near the department offices. Department chairman Albert Burnham, the club's advisor and a specialist in American military history, wore a coonskin cap while brandishing a .45-caliber military pistol. Ronald Marchese, who specialized in classical antiquity, was photographed with an ancient Roman sword and laurel wreath. A month after the display was installed, the university's chancellor, Lawrence Ianni, ordered the two photographs removed after complaints from female administrators and faculty, some of whom had been targeted by an anonymous public harassment campaign that year over Ianni's establishment of a Commission on Women. The professors and students sued, and won partial summary judgement holding that Ianni did not have qualified immunity. The defendants cited "Waters", but Judge Michael J. Davis ruled that it was not relevant since the case did not involve an adverse employment action.
The Eighth Circuit reversed on appeal. Theodore McMillian relied on "Waters" to give weight to the chancellor's fears of disruption in light of the harassment campaign, noting that "It cannot seriously be disputed that, during that spring 1992 semester, the atmosphere on campus was more tense than normal." Clarence Arlen Beam rejected that analysis in his dissent, saying those fears were "based on conclusory hearsay and rank speculation".
An "en banc" rehearing in turn reversed that panel. Beam reiterated his arguments in the majority opinion. McMillian, dissenting along with John R. Gibson, who had joined him in the original panel, wrote that the majority had understated the effect of the harassment on the campus in assessing the potential for disruption. Despite the lack of adverse action, it was "no less an employment-related case" than "Waters" and its related cases, he argued. Ianni, who they felt had qualified immunity in any event due to the lack of settled law where academic freedom was concerned, had had to make a choice between two subordinates' conflicting interests. The messages conveyed by the photographs could clearly have been conveyed through other means, they observed.
"Shahar v. Bowers".
"Waters" was also part of the analysis employed in "Shahar v. Bowers", an Eleventh Circuit case brought against Georgia Attorney General Mike Bowers by a woman to whom he had withdrawn a job offer after learning of her plans for a lesbian wedding in 1991, saying it would reflect badly on his office in public opinion to have an employee whose lifestyle involved regularly violating Georgia law against sodomy. After Northern District of Georgia senior judge Richard Cameron Freeman granted Bowers summary judgement on her First and Fourteenth Amendment claims, she appealed. A three-judge panel agreed her right to intimate association had been violated and remanded to have that claim considered under a strict scrutiny standard.
In a partial concurrence with John Cooper Godbold's holding, Judge Phyllis A. Kravitch looked to "Waters", then a new decision. Its lower constitutional standard for the government as employer led her to conclude that the "Pickering" balancing test should be applied to the intimate-association claim rather than strict scrutiny, as the district court had done. "employer's assessment of harm" she wrote, "should be discounted by the probability of its realization in order to weigh it fairly against an actual burden on an employee's constitutional rights. This was in keeping with circuit precedent regarding "Connick".
A petition for rehearing "en banc" was granted in late 1995. In writing for a majority that upheld the district court absolutely, Judge J.L. Edmondson applied the "Pickering" test as Kravitch had argued. He cited "Waters" as requiring "substantial weight" be given to the concerns of Bowers and his senior aides that Shahar's wedding ceremony would reflect adversely on his office and its ability to fulfill its duties. Therefore they did not have to make "a particularized showing of interference with the provision of public services" as Shahar argued.
Three of the four dissenting judges took up "Waters". In a dissent joined by Godbold, Kravitch responded that while it did require great deference to public-employer concerns, neither did it require "that courts must accept blindly all claims of harm conjured by government employers" since they could evaluate whether they were reasonable or not. Shahar, she observed, wasn't claiming her marriage was a legally-recognized one, and had been discreetly held in another state with no media attention, which Bowers should have known before rescinding the job offer. Therefore, his adverse action was unreasonable and "his predictions regarding intra-office strife do not weigh very heavily in the balance."
Judge Stanley Birch went even further in his dissent, also joined by Kravitch and Godbold. In the wake of the Supreme Court's "Romer v. Evans" holding that homosexuals as a class were entitled to at least some rights under the Equal Protection Clause, he argued that all of Bowers' fears of disruption under "Waters" ultimately arose from her status as a lesbian and were thus not a legitimate basis for state action.."
Rosemary Barkett accused the majority of using "Waters" to effect a "wholesale restructuring of "Pickering"". The only issue in "Waters", she wrote, had been whether to decide the case on the basis of what the employer reasonably believed was said or what a jury found was said. Like Birch and Kravitch, she found that case supported Shahar's position, since she did not find Bowers' investigation reasonable. ""Waters" asserts "Pickering"'s principles and reiterates the necessity for constitutionally enforced processes to protect the rights of government employees."
"Wright v. Illinois Dept. of Children & Family Services".
A few months after "Waters" was handed down, back in the Seventh Circuit, Judge Joel Martin Flaum made it part of a two-fold test with "Connick" in "Wright v. Illinois Department of Children & Family Services", a complicated case in which a child-welfare worker accused her employer of retaliating against her after she complained it was covering up evidence of satanic ritual abuse she had found. He read it as making clear that "not every utterance by a public employee, even if entitled to First Amendment protection in another context, is constitutionally shielded from employer discipline." As a result, the case considered only the speech for which the plaintiff had been disciplined, and held that in one instance the defendants would prevail if they showed their belief that she had perjured herself in court testimony was reasonable even if the testimony later was found to be truthful.
After an extensive analysis finding that truthful trial testimony was protected speech, which culminating in find a genuine factual dispute on the issue and thus overturning the summary judgement initially granted by the district court, Flaum echoed one of Scalia's criticisms in a footnote. ""Waters" provides little direct guidance as to the division of labor between judge and jury in a case like this one," he observed. "The critical question that, to this point, remains unanswered requires an assessment of the defendants' subjective motivation, a classic jury issue."
Other appellate cases.
In 1999, the Second Circuit considered "Lewis v. Cowen", a case in which the former director of the Connecticut Lottery claimed his dismissal for "not" speaking violated his First Amendment rights. The appellant was dismissed after refusing to prepare changes to the lottery he had privately expressed reservations about. Without any actual speech to apply the "Pickering"–"Connick" tests to, Judge John Walker held that behavior fell under "Waters" since it adversely affected the lottery's operations. "In such a case, the agency may terminate the employee because a more compliant subordinate who agrees to publicly support and convey the agency's positions would allow the agency to do the job more effectively."
"Waters" forced the Third Circuit to no longer require that public employers show actual disruption. In "Watters v. Philadelphia", it overturned summary judgment against the administrator of a police department's employee assistance program who had told a local newspaper there was a "crisis" in the program due to the lack of key official policies, and been fired. "Disruption caused by actions independent of the speech at issue cannot be equated with disruption caused by the speech itself", wrote Dolores Korman Sloviter.
The Sixth Circuit found "Waters" very similar to a 2006 case it heard, "Farhat v. Jopke". A Michigan school custodian fired after a long history of abusive communications with administrators and his union, which sometimes included threats of violence, was found to have engaged in unprotected speech. "ven if portions of appellant's expression did address matters of public concern," wrote William O. Bertelsman, "the disruptiveness of his speech in the workplace outweighed any value his expression might have had."
Analysis and commentary.
Advocates for public employees, particularly in education, were dismayed by "Waters". "Incredibly, this decision seems to abandon truth as a criterion for decision making and substitutes for it a belief be it true or false as long as it was established by reasonable means" wrote George Madden of Montana State University Billings, echoing Scalia's complaint. He also felt the case raised privacy concerns not touched on in the opinion since Churchill and Perkins-Graham had apparently believed they could speak freely. However, Madden cautioned, this would depend on how lower courts interpreted the case.
A.N. Moshirnia sees "Waters" as a further erosion, along with "Mt. Healthy" and "Connick", of the rights of educators affirmed in "Pickering", which "may have indicated the zenith of First Amendment protection for public employee speech." After the later cases imposed some other barriers to a public-employee plaintiff, "Waters", Moshirnia said, "dramatically reduced the government’s trial burden by permitting the government to justify its employment action with less than conclusive evidence." He also thought it could be used for prior restraint since, in his analysis, a public employer could "fire an employee before he or she has spoken in cases where the government knows the general contours of the speech, and predicts that it might cause a disruption.
Charles W. Hemingway, a Virginia federal employment lawyer, took up O'Connor's question about the unique nature of government employment that allows the lower constitutional obligation. Looking over older Supreme Court jurisprudence on the subject, he observed that "Employees who are appointed in the federal service act as agents of the sovereign and thereby accept both the powers and the obligations imposed on the sovereign itself. To enable our government to function properly and to promote the public good, federal employees must be under stricter authority of the sovereign than private citizen." He found its source in the authority of the government over military personnel. While civilian employees enjoyed greater liberty than soldiers, the Court had ruled they were both under the same authority.
For most of the country's history, Hemingway wrote, federal employees were appointees, employed at will, with no legal recourse against adverse actions due to the federal government's sovereign immunity. That began to change in the late 19th century with the Pendleton Act. Over the course of the 20th century Congress expanded the protections of federal employees, to the point that by the 1990s they had the same legal recourse against discrimination as employees in the private sector, with five separate administrative agencies empowered to hear employee complaints and grant relief.
Those rights have come with restrictions private workers are not subject to. In the late 1930s Congress passed the Hatch Act, limiting political activity by federal employees, and it has been upheld by the Supreme Court on several occasions. Federal employees, though in some cases unionized, are also not allowed to strike, a restriction upheld by a district court. The 1978 Ethics in Government Act imposed other restrictions on federal employees that sometimes go beyond the term of their employment. Lastly, the federal government's sovereign immunity means it can only be sued where such actions are permitted by statute.
He reviewed actions of the Merit Systems Protection Board (MSPB), the administrative body that hears most claims by federal employees, and the Federal Circuit, which hears appeals from the MSPB and the other agencies, in light of "Waters" and "United States v. National Treasury Employees Union". Recounting the differences between O'Connor and Scalia, he advised federal managers to follow O'Connor's approach pending later jurisprudence. "t is clear that Waters expands federal employee due process rights while attempting to reserve for public managers the ultimate ability to determine whether public employee speech detracts from the Government's ability to perform its mission.

</doc>
<doc id="31150112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150112" title="Tala Golzar">
Tala Golzar

Tala Golzar (born February 10, 1989) is an American model and actress of Iranian descent.
Golzar is currently the featured cover girl for "Tehran Magazine"'s Christmas edition.

</doc>
<doc id="31150119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150119" title="Fort Solomon">
Fort Solomon

In early 1864 settlers in Ottawa County, Kansas, began building Fort Solomon and completed it by the spring or summer. This structure replaced the much smaller dugout owned by the Chapman family and used as a refuge in times of trouble (see Chapman's Dugout). The Chapman dugout was about a mile south of Fort Solomon. The new white settlers and the Indians in the area quickly developed a hostile relationship and many Indian raids followed.
Fort Solomon was built on the east side of a reverse "S" shaped bend on the Solomon River. It was built on level ground and the west side was bordered by a deeply cut bank along the river. The view in all directions from the fort was good. Once completed in spring or summer 1864, the fort contained about twenty log houses arranged in a square and enclosed by a log stockade. About fourteen families lived inside the fort.
Accounts from those present at the completed fort all vary, so it is not possible to determine the exact layout of Fort Solomon. A store may have operated from one of the log cabins. The fort contained a well and a schoolhouse, although there is disagreement as to the school's location. The fort had at least three gated entrances.
A dugout was within the walls of the fort. It was well protected, being five feet deep and built of heavy timbers. The structure's walls and roof were covered with two or three feet of earth. It may have had gun ports. While the fort was being constructed, the Solomon Valley Militia was organized, attracting about thirty men. They were armed with aging guns and a small cannon, probably a mountain howitzer. All or most of the weapons came from Fort Riley.
From summer 1864 to spring 1865 most of the area's settlers lived inside the fort. The town of Lindsey, Kansas, grew just outside of Fort Solomon, taking advantage of the protection provided by it. For a time Lindsey was the county seat of Ottawa County. By the late 1860s the Indian raids ceased and Fort Solomon was abandoned. Eventually the structures of the fort collapsed from lack of maintenance.

</doc>
<doc id="31150133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150133" title="A Visit from the Goon Squad">
A Visit from the Goon Squad

A Visit from the Goon Squad (2010) is a work of fiction by American author Jennifer Egan. It won the 2010 National Book Critics Circle Award for Fiction, and the 2011 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction.
Most of the stories in "A Visit from the Goon Squad" concern Bennie Salazar, an aging rock music executive; his onetime assistant, Sasha; and their various friends and associates. The book follows a large cast of mostly self-destructive characters as they grow older and life sends them in directions they did not intend to go in. The stories shift back and forth in time, moving from the late sixties to the present and into the near future. Many of the stories take place in or around New York City, although some are set in California, Italy and Kenya.
Novel or short story collection.
Because of its unusual narrative structure, some critics have characterized the book as a novel and others as a collection of linked short stories. "A Visit from the Goon Squad" has 13 chapters, all of which can be read as individual stories, and does not focus on any single central character or narrative arc. In addition, many of the chapters were originally published as short stories in magazines such as "The New Yorker" and "Harper's".. In an interview with Salon.com's Laura Miller, Egan said she leaned toward calling the book a novel rather than a short story collection.
Themes.
"Goon squads" were originally groups of violent thugs who would beat up anyone opposed to certain labor unions and corrupt political machines. Later the term "goon" came to refer more generally to any violent thug, and this is where the book draws its central metaphor. In one story, a character named Bosco declares: "Time's a goon, right?", referring to the way that time and fate cruelly rob most of the book's characters of their youth, innocence and success. As Bosco complains: "How did I go from being a rock star to being a fat fuck no one cares about?" Some of the book's characters do end up finding happiness, but it is always a limited happiness, and it is rarely in the form that they intended. In an interview, Egan explained that "time is the stealth goon, the one you ignore because you are so busy worrying about the goons right in front of you."
Many of the book's characters work in the music industry, particularly the rock music business. Rock and roll, with its emphasis on youth culture, plays into the book's themes of aging and the loss of innocence. As Egan says, "my 9-year-old loves Lady Gaga and refers to Madonna as ‘old school’. There’s no way to avoid becoming part of the past." Rock music was also central to the marketing push behind the book, although the actual text does not focus directly on musicians or music making. Egan said she knew rock and roll only as a consumer at the time she began writing the book and had to do a lot of research on the subject.
Egan said the story was inspired by two sources: Proust's "In Search of Lost Time", and HBO's "The Sopranos". It is a novel of memory and kinship, continuity and disconnection.
Critical reception.
The novel won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and the National Book Critics Circle Award for Fiction. The Pulitzer Prize Board noted that the novel was an "inventive investigation of growing up and growing old in the digital age, displaying a big-hearted curiosity about cultural change at warp speed". In commenting on her Pulitzer, NPR critic Jonathan Bastian noted that "Egan is the one of the most recent and successful examples of a trend that has been steadily seeping into the world of contemporary literature." The unusual format of the novel, taking place across multiple platforms, has led some critics to label the novel "post-postmodern". Many critics were impressed by Egan's experiments with structure, such as a section formatted like a PowerPoint printout.
Other honors included:
HBO series.
On April 20, 2011, two days after the Pulitzer win, it was announced that a deal with HBO for a television series adaptation had been signed. As of February 2013, the project had reportedly "fizzled" meaning it was no longer in development.

</doc>
<doc id="31150139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150139" title="Todd Cerney">
Todd Cerney

Todd Cerney (August 8, 1953 – March 14, 2011) was an American songwriter and musician.
He composed "Good Morning Beautiful", a 2002 five-week country number one (Billboard) hit for Steve Holy (co-written with Zack Lyle); "The Blues Is My Business" (co-written with Kevin Bowe), part of Etta James' 2003 Grammy Award winning album "Let's Roll"; and "I'll Still Be Loving You", a 1987 country number one (Billboard) hit for Restless Heart (co-written with Pam Rose, Mary Ann Kennedy, and Pat Bunch). He and his co-writers were nominated for a Grammy Award for "I'll Still Be Loving You". The song won the 1988 award for "ASCAP Country Song of the Year".
Cerney was born in Detroit, Michigan, and graduated from Zanesville High School in Zanesville, Ohio in 1971. He began his song-writing career after moving to Nashville, where he initially worked at Buzz Cason's Creative Workshop as an audio engineer. Some of the earliest artists to record his songs include Steve Carlisle ("I'll Fall in Love Again") and Levon Helm ("Blue House of Broken Hearts").
Music career.
Cerney became known as the "Rock Doctor" after co-writing songs with members of various bands including Cheap Trick, Eddie Money, Loverboy and Bad English. Popular artists to record his compositions include Aretha Franklin (with the Four Tops) "If Ever A Love There Was" (part of the soundtrack for the film "I'm Gonna Git You Sucka" - the song hit the top 40 in both the R&B and Adult Contemporary charts (Billboard)), John Anderson's "Till I Get Used to the Pain" and Ty Herndon's "No Mercy", which peaked at #26 on the Billboard Country Music charts.
In 1988 Cerney traveled to Russia as one of 28 songwriters who participated in the Music Speaks Louder Than Words project - a collaboration between American and Soviet songwriters which included Michael Bolton and Cyndi Lauper. During his two weeks in Russia he cowrote the songs "Speak To My Heart" (performed by Phoebe Snow) and "Don't Stop Now" (performed by The Cover Girls, music by Viktor Reznikov).
In October 2009, Kenny Rogers and Dolly Parton reunited for the first time in 25 years to sing "Tell Me That You Love Me," a duet that Cerney co-wrote. The song was featured in Rogers' three-CD box set "Kenny Rogers: The First 50 Years" on Time-Life Records. In 2010, American Idol runner-up Bo Bice included a song he co-wrote with Cerney, "Keep On Rollin'," on his "3" album. 
Cerney played guitar, mandolin, harmonica, keyboards and sang lead and backing vocals with various artists including backing vocals for Kenny Rogers and Levon Helm, mandolin for the Dixie Chicks and the Nashville Mandolin Ensemble and a full range of instruments for various songwriter groups including Thom Shepherd & the Nashville Songwriters Band. He also worked with three former members of the soft-rock band Bread - Jimmy Griffin, Robb Royer and Larry Knechtel - forming "Toast" (later renamed "Radio Dixie") during the mid-1990s, recording a number of songs for an album release that remained unfinished.
Death.
Cerney died in Nashville, Tennessee on March 14, 2011 from melanoma, a disease with which he had first been diagnosed with in November 2010, following a brain seizure. He was 57 years old.
Chart Singles Written by Todd Cerney.
The following is a list of Todd Cerney compositions that were chart hits.

</doc>
<doc id="31150144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150144" title="Buddy Gardner">
Buddy Gardner

Frank Webb "Buddy" Gardner, Jr. (born August 24, 1955) is an American professional golfer.
Gardner was born in Montgomery, Alabama. He played college golf at Auburn University, where he was an All-American in 1977. He turned professional in 1977.
Gardner played on the PGA Tour from 1978 to 1993. Four times he finished in second place: T-2 at the 1979 Joe Garagiola-Tucson Open, T-2 at the 1979 Anheuser-Busch Golf Classic, 2nd at the 1984 Houston Coca-Cola Open, and 2nd at the 1987 Big "I" Houston Open (lost to Jay Haas in a playoff). His best finish in a major was a T-6 at the 1985 PGA Championship.
Gardner played the Nike Tour from 1994 to 1997, while still playing some PGA Tour events. He had first played the tour in 1990, when he won the only event he entered, the Ben Hogan Panama City Beach Classic, held at the club he represented, the Hombre Golf Club.

</doc>
<doc id="31150150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150150" title="Already Restless">
Already Restless

Already Restless is the second and final studio album by Canadian country music trio Prescott-Brown. It was released by Columbia Records in 1994. The album peaked at number 10 on the "RPM" Country Albums chart in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="31150156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31150156" title="Isidore Pils">
Isidore Pils

Isidore-Alexandre-Augustin Pils (July 19, 1813 - December 3, 1875) was a French painter. 
Pils was born in Paris as the son of a soldier. At the age of twelve, he studied with Guillaume Guillon-Lethière for four years. He later studied under François-Édouard Picot. 
By 1840 he'd been admitted to the École des Beaux-Arts and was competing for the Prix de Rome, which he won in 1841 for a history painting, "St. Peter Healing a Lame Man at the Door of the Temple." Although in poor health, Pils then spent the customary three years at the French Academy in Rome at the Villa Medici, which then had Jean Auguste Dominique Ingres as its director. While in Italy he visited Naples, Venice, and Florence. 
Pils's earlier paintings have religious themes. In 1849 he completed his most famous work, "Rouget de L'Isle Singing La Marseillaise", which now resides at the Musée historique de Strasbourg. After experiences travelling with French troops through the Crimea, his themes took on military and nationalistic subjects. He later produced many military scenes during the siege of Paris during the Franco-Prussian War of 1870. 
Pils was appointed professor of painting at the École des Beaux-Arts in 1863 but left the same year for two years in Algeria. In 1868 he was elected to seat #14 of the Académie des Beaux-Arts. Among his students were Adrien Moreau, Paul Adolphe Rajon, Julien Dupré, Luc-Olivier Merson, Édouard Joseph Dantan and László Mednyánszky. 
Among his other work, Pils painted part of the ceiling of the grand staircase of the Palais Garnier, in four panels titled "The Gods of Olympus", "Apollo in His Chariot", "Triumph of Harmony", and "Apotheosis of the Opera", completed the year of his death. The following year he was the subject of a biography by Louis Becq de Fouquières. 
Pils is buried in section 54 of Père Lachaise Cemetery.

</doc>
