<doc id="31089891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089891" title="ASM Program">
ASM Program

The ASM Program was a U.S. Army combat vehicle procurement program from the mid-1980s to the 1990s.
History.
The ASM program began in the mid-1980s, when the Army planned to simultaneously develop, produce, and field 24 new combat vehicles, including tanks, self-propelled artillery, infantry fighting vehicles, and other armored systems, under what was called the "Armored Family of Vehicles Program". The Army planned to base its armored modernization approach on a family of vehicles with a common chassis and common modular components. Army studies showed that using a common chassis and common components could reduce future operational and support costs. However, the Army's effort was dramatically scaled back because of the high costs involved in developing and producing so many different systems.In March 1985, the Army downsized the program to its six highest priority vehicles: four to be built on a heavy common chassis (weighing 55 to 62 tons) and two on a medium chassis (weighing up to 36 tons). The downsized program was renamed the "Heavy Force Modernization Program".
In February 1990, the Army added a light, direct-fire weapon-the Armored Gun System-and renamed the program the "ASM Program." In response to funding shortfall estimates beyond fiscal year 1997, the Defense Acquisition Board reviewed the Army's ASM program and directed that the Army develop a more realistic acquisition program. The Army's response to the Board was that the ASM program's affordability was on track. The Army added a prototype phase to each of the vehicles at the direction of the Board in August 1990. The Board wanted the prototype phase to minimize integration risks brought about by the separate development of the common chassis and individual weapon components.
Heavy Chassis.
The Army developed the heavy chassis using a two-pronged development strategy: an in-house Army component development and test program and a competitive contractor development phase.
The four systems to be built on a common heavy chassis were the Block III tank, a main battle tank; the Combat Mobility Vehicle, an engineering vehicle for mine clearance and other engineering tasks; the Advanced Field Artillery System, a self-propelled howitzer; and the Future Infantry Fighting Vehicle, an infantry fighting vehicle. The chassis will have certain common elements such as engines, transmissions, suspensions, modular armor, and tracks. The ASM common heavy chassis could have actually been two chassis, one with the engine in the rear and one with the engine in the front because tanks traditionally have had the engine in the rear, while self-propelled artillery and infantry fighting vehicles have had the engine in the front. However, the chassis were required to be sufficiently similar to permit production on a single assembly line.
The Army's initial development priority was the Block III M1 Abrams, with the other heavy chassis systems to follow.
The Army planned for each of the three remaining heavy chassis systems to go through a technology demonstrator phase prior to the start of prototype development. The award of the demonstrator contracts was scheduled for the Combat Mobility Vehicle and for the Advanced Field Artillery System in fiscal year 1991 and for the Future Infantry Fighting Vehicle in fiscal year 1993. The demonstrator for the Combat
Mobility Vehicle would integrate obstacle-breaching components on a surrogate tank chassis. The demonstrator for the Advanced Field Artillery
System would integrate a new artillery cannon and fire control system on a surrogate chassis. The demonstrator for the Future Infantry Fighting Vehicle would integrate a new cannon and fire control system on a modified existing chassis.
The Army planned to award prototype development contracts for the other three vehicles in 1994. The prototypes would integrate each system's unique weapons on the common heavy chassis. The full-scale development phase would begin in 1998 for the Advanced Field Artillery System and the Combat Mobility Vehicle and in 1997 for the Future Infantry Fighting Vehicle. Vehicle production was scheduled to begin in 2001 for the Advanced Field Artillery System and Future Infantry Fighting Vehicle and in 2002 for the Combat Mobility Vehicle. The scheduled first-unit-equipped dates were 2003 for the Advanced Field Artillery System and 2004 for the remaining two vehicles.
Block III tank.
The Army's initial development priority was the Block III M1 Abrams, with the other heavy chassis systems to follow.
In fiscal year 1990, the Army began work on the in-house phase when it began to develop a "test bed", a modified M1 Abrams chassis that was used to test components for the common heavy chassis, such as the engine, transmission, and suspension, and for the Block III tank's weapon system, including the fire control, new gun, and autoloader. This effort was scheduled to continue through fiscal year 1993.
In December 1990, the Army awarded contracts to Teledyne Continental Motors and to Armored Vehicle Technologies Associated (a joint venture of General Dynamics Land Systems Division and FMC Corporation) for the competitive design and development of a common heavy chassis. This effort is scheduled to continue through the first quarter of fiscal year 1994. The contractors could use either the Army developed or independently developed components.
After the chassis was developed, the Army planned to select one of the contractors to develop the tank. This selection was scheduled for fiscal year 1994, and the selected contractor was required to develop a prototype tank integrating the common heavy chassis with the tank weapons components.
The contractor was allowed to choose which weapons components to use. The prototype tank phase was scheduled to end in 1997, and full-scale tank development was scheduled to begin later that year. Block III tank production was scheduled to start in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2001, with the first unit equipped in the second quarter of 2003.
Medium Chassis.
The ASM Program plans called for two systems to be built on a common medium chassis: the Line-of-Sight Antitank System, a vehicle carrying a high-speed, kinetic-energy anti-tank missile; and the Future Armored Resupply Vehicle-Ammunition, an artillery resupply vehicle. However, because the Army had not established a date for initiating the development of a medium chassis, these systems would initially be integrated on a modified Bradley Fighting Vehicle chassis.
The Army initiated development of the Line-of-Sight Antitank System prior to formulation of the ASM program and is proceeded with advanced development of the missile mounted on a surrogate chassis.
The Army tested the missile during 1990 and 1991. On December 5, 1990, the Defense Acquisition Board approved continued development of the missile. The Army planned to begin full-scale development of the system in early 1992, with production in 1997.
The Army planned to initiate advanced development of the Future Armored Resupply Vehicle-Ammunition in fiscal year 1991. The advanced development phase would demonstrate technologies for ammunition stowage and advanced material handling on a modified Bradley Fighting Vehicle chassis. The Army planned to begin the prototype development phase for the vehicle in 1994, with full-scale development to follow in 1997 and production in 2002. The Army struggled to find the needed funding for the vehicle before the end of fiscal year 1991.
See Also.
Future Combat Systems

</doc>
<doc id="31089928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089928" title="Connor Ripley">
Connor Ripley

Connor James Ripley (born 13 February 1993) is an English professional footballer who plays for Swedish club Östersund, on loan from Middlesbrough, as a goalkeeper.
Early and personal life.
Born in Middlesbrough, Ripley is the son of former player Stuart Ripley.
Career.
Club career.
Ripley began his career with Blackburn Rovers. After moving to Middlesbrough, he signed a two-and-a-half-year professional contract in January 2011. Ripley made his professional debut on 5 March 2011 in a 5–2 loss to Reading, conceding three goals after coming on as a substitute for Jason Steele. Ripley made his full debut on 14 January 2012, in a 2–0 loss at home to Burnley.
He then went out on an emergency loan to Oxford United, after both their goalkeepers had suffered injuries.
He moved on loan to Bradford City in August 2013, and later spoke about his hope of extending the month-long deal. In September 2013 the deal was extended until January 2014. The loan deal ended in January 2014.
On 3 March 2014, Ripley joined Swedish side Östersund, playing in the Superettan for the remainder of the 2014 season.
International career.
Ripley made his international debut for England U19 in October 2011.
On 28 May 2013, he was named in manager Peter Taylor's 21-man squad for the 2013 FIFA U-20 World Cup. He made his debut on 16 June, in a 3-0 win in a warm-up game against Uruguay.

</doc>
<doc id="31089958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089958" title="Hester Dowden">
Hester Dowden

Hester Dowden (1868–1949), or Hester Travers Smith, was an Irish spiritualist medium who is most notable for having claimed to contact the spirits of Oscar Wilde, William Shakespeare and other writers. Dowden's spirit-communications were published by various authors. She wrote "Voices from the Void" (1919), an account of her life as a medium, and "Psychic Messages from Oscar Wilde" (1923).
Dowden was the daughter of the Irish literary scholar Edward Dowden. She used both her maiden name and her married name Hester Travers Smith. Her husband was a prominent Dublin physician. Dowden was closely linked to the Irish literary world through her father, knowing, among others W.B. Yeats and Bram Stoker. She was probably the model for the medium in Yeats's play, "The Words upon the Window Pane". Her daughter married the playwright Lennox Robinson. Though she wrote only two books under her own name, her spirit-communications provided the basis for approximately twelve books published by other authors.
Early life.
Dowden had intended to become a musician. In 1891 she moved to London to study music, but was forced to travel back to Dublin to look after her father when her mother died. When her father remarried in 1895, Dowden clashed with his new wife. Within a few months she had moved out of the house to marry Dr. Travers Smith. The marriage was not a success. The couple eventually separated and were divorced in 1916. Dowden moved back to London, becoming a professional medium in 1921.
Mediumship.
Dowden claimed to communicate via various spirit guides, "Peter" (an Irish-American rogue), "Eyen" (an ancient Egyptian priest), "Astor" (also another medium's guide), "Shamar" (a Hindu), and finally "Johannes." The last was an ancient Jewish neo-Platonist who lived 200 years before Jesus. 
She was closely associated with William Fletcher Barrett, the psychical researcher. She was also responsible for introducing Geraldine Cummins to mediumship.
Dowden set up as a professional medium after she became convinced of her powers. In "Voices from the Void" she claimed that the spirit of Hugh Lane, who had drowned in the sinking of the "Lusitania" spoke to her before she knew of his death in the disaster. Her son-in-law Lennox Robinson and a vicar were present when the communication came through. However, Lane's death had been reported in the papers that very day. Dowden claimed not to have read them.
Conversations with Oscar Wilde.
Dowden published her conversations with Oscar Wilde in 1923. Wilde revealed that he was unable to read in the spirit world and had to see through the eyes of living people, "Over the whole world have I wandered, looking for eyes by which I might see. . . . Through the eyes out of the dusky face of a Tamal girl I have looked on the tea fields of Ceylon, and through the eyes of a wandering Kurd I have seen Ararat and the Yezedes. . . . It may surprise you to learn that in this way I have dipped into the works of some of your modern novelists." He also gave his views on the work of these recent writers, including George Bernard Shaw, of whom Wilde said "I have a very great respect for his work. After all, he is my fellow-countryman. We share the same misfortune in that matter. I think Shaw may be called the true type of pleb. He is so anxious to prove himself honest and outspoken that he utters a great deal more than he is able to think. He is ever ready to call upon his audience to admire his work, and his audience admires it from sheer sympathy with his delight." He opined that John Galsworthy was the best modern dramatist. He dismissed Thomas Hardy as a "harmless rustic" but admired George Meredith for his appreciation of beauty. He loathed James Joyce's novel "Ulysses", which was a "great bulk of filth" and "heated vomit".
Wilde also demonstrated that he had no homosexual inclinations, but instead revealed his utter adoration of womankind, "My sensations were so varied with regard to your sex, dear lady, that you would find painted on my heart – that internal organ so often quoted by the vulgar – you would find every shade of desire there, and even more... Women were ever to me a cluster of stars. They contained for me all, and more than all, that God has created." Dowden also received a new play, entitled "Is it a Forgery?", from Wilde, which was written in the spirit world.
James Joyce read the book and parodied the conversations with Wilde in "Finnegans Wake", in which Wilde spouts gibberish to a medium, "Tell the woyld I have lived true thousand hells. Pity, please, lady, for poor O.W. in this profundust snobbing I have caught. Nine dirty years mine age, hairs hoar, mummeries failend, snowdrift to my elpow, deff as Adder. I askt you, dear lady, to judge on my tree by our fruits. I gave you of the tree."
Shakespeare conversations.
Dowden was consulted by Alfred Dodd, a writer who wanted to prove that Francis Bacon was the true author of the works attributed to William Shakespeare. Dowden communicated with Bacon via her spirit-guide "Johannes". The spirits confirmed Dodd's theory, which he published in 1943.
Dowden was later contacted by Percy Allen who wanted to prove that Shakespeare's works were written by Edward de Vere, Earl of Oxford, not Bacon. On this occasion the spirits confirmed Allen's views. It was revealed that Oxford was the leader of a collaborative effort among poets and scholars to create the works. It was also revealed that Oberon in "A Midsummer Night's Dream" was a portrait of Henry Wriothesley, 3rd Earl of Southampton, who was in fact the illegitimate son of Oxford and Queen Elizabeth I.
The spirit of Bacon told Allen that he had been misquoted when Dowden had received the messages she passed on to Dodd, but that Dowden was not to blame because another spirit had garbled the message on that occasion. Dowden's biographer Edmund Bentley later confirmed that Allen's was the final and true revelation, that from his teenage years Allen had been destined to be the bearer of the ultimate truth: "a plan had been worked out by spirit people interested in his earthly life that he should be the means of finally unravelling the great mystery of Shakespeare's origin and work." These events forced Allen to stand down as president of the Oxfordian organisation the "Shakespeare Fellowship".
World War II leaders.
In 1941 Dowden, who was living in Chelsea, London at the time, received messages from "Johannes" commenting on the personalities of the international leaders during World War II. These were conveyed to the writer Peter Fripp as analyses of the motives and actions of Hitler and Stalin, Churchill and Roosevelt. Seen from the spirit-world, Hitler was not evil but rather "a man whose stars threw him into the world with vast disadvantages, with overwhelming ambition sweltering in his soul, and with an infinite capacity for receiving influences and suggestions from our side." Open to spirit-influence Hitler was a passive recipient of dangerous spirits working on his "colossal egotism" so that he became a conduit for evil. Stalin, in contrast, is "crafty and careful" rather than egotistic. Churchill "can be hot-headed, full of zeal and enthusiasm, and, at the same time, never lose his balance in the least." Roosevelt is an "intricate personality" who is "affectionate, and has a genuine love for the human race. He is not fond of adventure, as Churchill is, but he would not shirk risks if he felt they might set things in the right direction."

</doc>
<doc id="31089973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089973" title="List of universities and schools in Comilla">
List of universities and schools in Comilla

A list of universities and schools in Comilla, Bangladesh:

</doc>
<doc id="31089974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089974" title="Mr. Marumakan">
Mr. Marumakan

Mr. Marumakan is a 2012 Malayalam comedy-family drama film written by the duo Udayakrishna-Siby K. Thomas and directed by Sandhya Mohan. The movie stars Dileep and Sanusha in the lead roles and Bhagyaraj, Khushboo, Sheela, Biju Menon, Nedumudi Venu and Riyaz Khan in supporting roles.
The film tells the story of three rich women, Raja Kokila, her adopted daughter Raja Mallika and her daughter Raja Lakshmi who believe that a woman can survive without the help of a man. However, the entry of a lawyer trained drama director Ashok Raj into their lives forces them to revise their opinions. The story of the film is loosely based on the Telugu film "Athaku Yamudu Ammayiki Mogudu" and the Tamil film "Mappillai" (both 1989). Critical reactions to the film were mostly negative but the film managed to become a hit at the box office.
Plot.
Ashok Raj (Dileep) is the son of Rajagopalan Thampy (Nedumudi Venu), whose family is based in Ottappalam. Although Ashok Raj is a lawyer, his interest lies in reviving a defunct drama troupe called "Bharatha Kalakshetram", which used to be run by his family. He is directing a drama titled "Dasavatharam" for the troupe and is also the lead actor in the play. Ashok Raj even changes his name to "Ashok Chakravarthy" as he thinks it has much more punch as a name for an artiste. His elder brother Babu Raj (Biju Menon), who runs a company, is now in a financial mess.
Balasubrahmanyam (Bhagyaraj) is a bank officer who has come to initiate legal proceedings against the elder brother Babu Raj to get him to repay the loan that he had taken to start his venture. As it turns out, the bank officer is estranged from his haughty wife Raja Mallika (Kushboo Sundar) and daughter Raja Lakshmi (Sanusha). His wife hails from a wealthy family and is the daughter of the even haughtier Raja Kokila (Sheela), the boss of Raja's group of companies. The trio believe that a woman can survive easily, without the help of a man. The entry of Ashok Raj into their lives forces them to revise their opinions. On the parallel, we are shown a romance story between Ashok Raj and teenaged Raja Lakshmi.
Ashok decides to help Balasubramaniyum & carefully plots his story. He marries Raja Lakshmi & begins to teach Raja Mallika & Raja Kokila about family & its values. Raja Mallika tries all her tricks to separate Raja Lakshmi from Ashok,but they get closer. Finally it is revealed that Raja Mallika is an adopted daughter of Raja Kokila, thereby destructing Raja Mallika psychologically. It is also revealed that she is the daughter of Bhavani amma who works as a maid in her house. She realises the value of family & husband.
Raja Mallika changes her mind & reunites with Balasubramaniyam.
Critical reception.
"Mr. Marumakan" received mixed to negative reviews.
Theater Balcony gave the movie 66/100, saying that "Mr. Marumakan will bring lots of laughter and is able to create a festival mood. However the story has nothing new to offer. The film is a mass masala entertainer and can be a good watch with some nice and funny moments!!"
Metro Matinee gave the movie a verdict of "Time Pass Entertainer", concluding that "On the whole, 'Mr. Marumakan' is a crowd-pleaser that knows exactly who its audience is. For die-hard fans of Dileep, this old-fashioned entertainer is a treat and delivers enough entertainment for your buck."
Moviebuzz of Sify the movie a verdict of "Strictly for Dileep fans!", commenting that "Mr. Marumakan is as archaic as formula is to films and it is packaged as an old-school masala potboiler aimed at Dileep fans. It is exaggerated and formulaic, but relies squarely on the charm of its leading man to pull off its over-the-top tone. And when you walk out of the theatres, you realize why Dileep is called the "Janapriya Nayakan"."
Paresh C Palicha of Rediff gave the movie 2/5 stars, stating that "Mr. Marumakan is a typical Dileep film, not one expected from someone who is recently honoured as the Best Actor by the Kerala State Government."
Veeyen of Now Running gave the movie 2/5 stars, saying that "'Mr. Marumakan' offers little wackiness when it comes to humor since the jokes never build up. It has little on offer when it comes to emotions as the situations progress from clumsy to worse. The antics that he is up to make for tedious viewing, and this supposedly fun-in-law is in short, no won-in-law."

</doc>
<doc id="31089975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089975" title="Washington Poe">
Washington Poe

Washington Poe (July 13, 1800 – October 7, 1876) was an American Whig politician and lawyer from Georgia
Born in Augusta, Georgia, Poe studied law and was admitted to the Georgia bar. In 1841, he was elected mayor of Macon, Georgia. He had been solicitor-general for the Macon circuit. During the American Civil War, he was the postmaster of Macon, Georgia.
In 1844, Poe was elected to the United States House of Representatives, but declined the election. Poe was a delegate to "The Georgia Secession Convention of 1861"—voting in favor of secession and signing Georgia's Ordinance of Secession on January 19, 1861.

</doc>
<doc id="31089985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089985" title="Checkmate! (Namie Amuro album)">
Checkmate! (Namie Amuro album)

Checkmate! is a collaboration album by Japanese popsinger Namie Amuro, featuring a collection of her collaborations with other musicians released between 2003 and 2011, as well as four new collaborations. The album was released on April 27, 2011, about one month after its original release date, due to 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami.
Two songs were released as digital downloads prior to the album, "Wonder Woman" in early March prior to the album's postponement, as well as "Make It Happen" on April 20, a week before the album's release.
Background and development.
The album was first conceived after Amuro had finished her tour for her 2009 album "Past<Future".
Many of the collaborators on the album worked on multiple tracks. Amuro collaborated with Verbal on five songs: "Wet'N Wild" (producer), "Black Out", "Luvotomy" (rapper, songwriter), "Rock U" (lyricist) and on the hidden track, which is a remix of Amuro's single "Want Me, Want Me" (2005) with additional rapping by Verbal. Ai collaborated with Amuro "Do What U Gotta Do," "Fake" and one of the new songs, "Wonder Woman." Two songs are from Zeebra albums, "After Party" (2003) and "Do What U Gotta Do" (2006). Taku Takahashi contributed on "Luvotomy" (trackmaker) and "Rock U" (co-trackmaker). Double, other than the duet "Black Diamond," wrote the Japanese lyrics to "Make It Happen."
For "Wonder Woman," Amuro asked Ai and Tsuchiya to collaborate with her, as she wanted to create a strong song with a chorus of female vocalists. Amuro felt that she had worked with Ai so many times in the past that a collaboration with her could not go wrong.
"Make It Happen" is South Korean group After School's first Japanese release. Amuro stated that she had taken notice of the K-pop scene for some time. For the project, Amuro's staff gave her a list of possible Korean collaborators. Due to her enjoying After School member Uee's performance in the Korean drama "You're Beautiful", she decided on the group. The song was written by Swedish and North American writers Jörgen Elofsson, Erik Lidbom and Bonnie McKee, and was originally titled "Shallow."
The collaboration with Kaname Kawabata of the R&B vocal duo Chemistry started when the two became friends after being introduced through a mutual friend.
For the album, Amuro wanted to create a dance/song music video with a male artist. While appearing on a music show in Summer 2010 to promote her single "Break It/Get Myself Back," Johnny & Associates idol Tomohisa Yamashita was featured on the same program, and Amuro was impressed with his performance of "One in a Million," which inspired the idea for the collaboration.
Promotion and release.
"Rock U" was used in television commercials for the Activision game "" from November 2010 onwards, seven and a half months after its release. The song was also one of two songs broadcast exclusively on MTV Japan to promote Amuro's DVD "Namie Amuro Past<Future Tour 2010", and was broadcast solely on January 11 and 12, 2011.
Two nationwide commercial campaigns featured Amuro at the time of release. "Wonder Woman" was used in the "Coca-Cola Zero" Wild Race commercial campaign in Japan, the fourth set of commercials to feature Amuro as the spokesperson for the brand, with commercials first airing on February 13. During album promotions, Amuro was also featured as the first spokesperson for cosmetic firm Kosé's "Esprique" range. The commercials began airing in late March, and featured "Naked," a song on her first single to be released after the album. "Make It Happen" was used as background music for two commercials: one for Sharp's au 1S05 cellphone, and another for Recochoku.
Three of the four new songs on album were released as ringtones prior to the album's release: "Wonder Woman" on February 16, "Make It Happen" on February 23 and "Unusual" on March 9.
Amuro was featured in several fashion magazines during album promotions, including "Gisele", "Ray", "S Cawaii", "Sweet" and "Vivi".
On June 25, 2011, Amuro attended the 2011 MTV Video Music Aid Japan award ceremony, performing "Wonder Woman" with Ai and Anna Tsuchiya. This was the first performance of the song, as well as the first performance of any of the new songs from the album.
Promotional singles.
"Wonder Woman" featuring singer/rapper Ai and rock musician Anna Tsuchiya was the first song released in promotion of the album, released as full-length a cellphone download on March 9. The song had earlier debuted on radio, during J-Wave's "Groove Line Z" program on February 17. Before the album's release, the song has received mid-level radio play, allowing it to reach number 42 on "Billboard"s Japan Hot 100 chart. During the week of the album's release, however, increased airplay as well as downloads on iTunes Japan made the song peak at number five.
The song received a larger response on adult alternative radio stations in Japan, as shown by the song reaching number 2 on "Billboard"'s Adult Contemporary Airplay chart, when in the same time period only reaching number 5 on the general airplay chart. The song debuted at number 5 on the Recording Industry Association of Japan's cellphone download chart in the special two-week postponed chart that was released due to the Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami. All three musicians billed in the song appeared on the cover of fashion magazine S Cawaii's April issue, in promotion of the single.
"Make It Happen" was released digitally to cellphones on April 20, a week before the album's release. On RIAJ's digital track chart, the song debuted at number ten. "#1" received a digital release simultaneous with the album's release date, however, "Unusual" was released a week after the album, on May 4.
Music videos.
Four MVs for the new songs were filmed, which were released to music video channels in February and March. On MTV Japan, an hour's length episode of "MTV A Class" was dedicated to these, which was first aired on March 19. "Wonder Woman" was the first video to be released, and was debuted on Space Shower on February 18. "Make It Happen" was debuted on online streaming service GyaO! on February 17, and was debuted on TV on MTV Japan on February 21. "#1" was first aired on March 9 as a Space Shower exclusive video. 
, A Music video for unusual was made March 9, 2011. It begins with Yamashita Tomohisa in a white jacket then it disappears by its own fire affect. Throughout the music video, Namie and Yamashita Tomohisa dance together, there are affections what make new scenes, the video ends with namie in the white jacket. This video was reported that it was filmed 28 February 2011 to 1 March 2011.
The songs "Black Diamond," "Do What U Gotta Do" and "Fake" already had music videos filmed for their respective releases. The music videos for these songs were put on the CD+DVD edition of the album. A music video for "Black Out" was shot in mid February by Parisian direction team Division, but due to the aftermath of 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami, the music video remains unaired.
Critical reception.
Jun Watanabe of "What's In?" described the album as "...vividly transmitting artistic power and cool beauty." He believed that the work challenged forefronts in R&B, hip-hop, electropop and rock, without diminishing Amuro's personality.
Tetsuo Hiraga of "Hot Express" was extremely positive on the album, feeling that it "explodes massively with personality and talent." Hiraga felt that Amuro's music had the ability to make the listener forget Tomohisa Yamashita's "idol" status, and to express his "cool and sexy vocals." When listening to Kaname Kawabata's voice in "#1," he could have been fooled that he was listening to American R&B music. Hiraga quoted Amuro on her thoughts on the album, and how she simply said that she "wants to do cool things." He felt like with such pure and innocent sentiment, only the greatest music could be made.
"Listen Japan"s Morio Mori called the four new songs "perfect tunes," and called the album a "project that couldn't get any more wonderful."
Chart performance.
In Japan, the album debuted at number one on physical data provider "Oricon"s daily album charts, selling 93,000 copies—85,000 more than her closest competitor, Hideaki Tokunaga with "Vocalist & Ballade Best". In its first week, the album debuted at number one, selling a total of 253,000 copies. The album charted at number one for two consecutive weeks. "Checkmate!" debuted at number one on "Oricon" monthly charts, despite only one week of charting counting to the April monthly chart. The album sold more than double the second place holder for the month, Kazumasa Oda's "Dōmo". Half way through the 2011 Oricon year, the album was the third most sold.
On the Taiwanese "G-Music" charts, the album debuted at number six, the second highest debut of the week after Rachel Liang's third album, "Soul Mate". The album debuted at number one on the international sub-chart, as well as the East Asian sub-chart.
Song charting positions.
Many songs on the album have charted on Japanese music charts, due to their release in promotion for either their original works, or "Checkmate!".
Personnel.
Personnel details were sourced from "Checkmate!"'s liner notes booklet.
Managerial
Performance credits
Visuals and imagery
Technical and production

</doc>
<doc id="31089986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089986" title="Sovereign Communications">
Sovereign Communications

Sovereign Communications, LLC is an American radio broadcasting company which owns 15 radio stations in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan, with offices in Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan. The company is owned and operated by William C. Gleich and Tim Sabean.
After their February 2010 purchase of 11 stations from Northern Star Broadcasting, the company holds "something close to a local monopoly" on radio stations in the Sault Ste. Marie region. The transaction was publicly valued at $3,425,000 in cash. Several Northern Star employees (both on-air and in management) lost their jobs as a result of the purchase. As well, 97.9 WIHC out of Newberry, Michigan went dark that same month after not being purchased from Northern Star in the deal, only returning two years later under new ownership. At present, Sovereign Communications owns every locally produced, non-simulcasted FM station in the Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan market, except for college radio station WLSO and the two classic hits stations owned by Darby Advertising under their "Radio Eagle" format (WUPN & WMJT). 
In May 2007, the company started the WSOO Scholarship, available to a student at Lake Superior State University with a "demonstrated interest and involvement in communication". To qualify for the scholarship, the student must be a resident of the eastern Upper Peninsula of Michigan, and preference is given to applicants who graduated from a Chippewa County high school. The WSOO scholarship covers "full tuition and required fees" at the university for one year.

</doc>
<doc id="31089989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31089989" title="Amnatcharoen School">
Amnatcharoen School

Amnatcharoen School (ANC; '", "pronounced:" Am-nat-cha-roen) is a public research school in Amnatcharoen, Thailand. Established back in 1951 as School of Provincial High School of Amnatcharoen Province Thailand.

</doc>
<doc id="31090010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090010" title="Sheila Cavanagh">
Sheila Cavanagh

Sheila Cavanagh is an Associate Professor in Sociology and the Sexuality Studies Coordinator at York University. She was previously an Assistant Professor in the Faculty of Education at the University of Western Ontario. Cavanagh completed her M.A. at the University of Toronto (OISE), and her Ph.D. in sociology at York University. Her scholarship is in gender and sexuality studies with a concentration on feminist, queer, cultural, and psychoanalytic theories. She has published two sole authored books; one edited collection; thirteen book chapters; thirteen peer-reviewed journal articles; four book reviews, one review essay; and is producing Queer Bathroom Stories at Buddies in Bad Times Theatre. Cavanagh has held six SSHRC grants and has presented her research at numerous national and international conferences. 
Cavanagh is particularly notable for her scholarship on the social regulation of gender and sexuality, trans studies, and queer pedagogy. Her most recent book, the groundbreaking "Queering Bathrooms: Gender, Sexuality, and the Hygienic Imagination", was a 2011 Finalist for the GLBT Next Generation Indie Book Awards. In 2012, "Queering Bathrooms" received the CWSA/ACEF Outstanding Scholarship Prize Honourable Mention. "Queering Bathrooms" "brings to light one of the last remaining forms of discrimination and segregation that goes unquestioned". Fuse Magazine reviewer Syrus Ware writes that "Queering Bathrooms" "provides a strong argument for reconsidering the public toilet, making it a must-read for city and urban planners, policy makers, architects and designers. Queering Bathrooms offers important recommendations about the future of bathroom design, suggests areas for future research, and imagines a future in which public toilets are at once luxurious, accessible and welcoming to all human beings". The "Queer Bathroom Monologues", a play based on interviews in the book, written and produced by Cavanagh, was staged at the Toronto Fringe Festival, from July 6–17, 2011, where it received the Patron’s Pick Award. The play will be remounted as Queer Bathroom Stories at Buddies, May 31st to June 15, 2014. The significance of Cavanagh's first book, "Sexing the Teacher: School Sex Scandals and Queer Pedagogies", is highlighted by Professor Kate Krug of Cape Breton University, who notes that it "makes the kind of 'trouble' for the moral panic around female teacher-student sex scandals that Judith Butler's Gender Trouble made for gender." "Sexing the Teacher", which offers an "insightful analysis of female-teacher sex scandals and their treatment in media and public discourse bridges disciplines", has been given honorable mention by the Canadian Women’s Studies Association for their annual book award.
Cavanagh is also interviewed in Rohan Spong's documentaries "T is for Teacher" (2009) and "Queer Science" (2008).

</doc>
<doc id="31090018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090018" title="Belarusian collaborationism with the Axis powers">
Belarusian collaborationism with the Axis powers

During World War II, some Belarusians collaborated with the invading Axis powers. Until the beginning Operation Barbarossa in 1941, the territory of Belarus was under control of the Soviet Union, as the Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic. However, memories of the Russian Civil War were still fresh, and many people in Belarus wanted an independent Belarus. And so many Belarusians chose to cooperate with the invaders in order to achieve that goal, assuming that Nazi Germany would allow them to have their own independent state after the war ended. The collaborationist regime Belarusian Central Rada was formed in Minsk.

</doc>
<doc id="31090022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090022" title="Guillaume Boni">
Guillaume Boni

Guillaume Boni (c.1530–c.1594) was a French Renaissance composer. Boni was choirmaster at Saint-Étienne Cathedral from 1565 until his death after 1598. Like Anthoine de Bertrand, he was born in Auvergne and working in Toulouse.
Works.
His works were known in England since a work of Boni's is the only identifiable foreign work found in the Willmott and Braikenridge manuscripts of Latin church music, 1591.

</doc>
<doc id="31090040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090040" title="Madha, Hissar">
Madha, Hissar

Madha is a village of Jats located in Hissar district in Haryana, India.
Madha is a village in Narnaund Tehsil of Hissar District in Haryana State of India. It is situated 46 km from Hissar city on the road to Narnaund which also leads to Jind. At Madha there is another road that leads to Hansi Tehsil. It is 20 km from hansi Tehsil and only 6 km from Narnaund town (where India's largest grain market is located).
The village has a population of 25,000, of which 12,000 are female. And the name of Sarpanch is Mr. M. S. Siwach and the name of Patwari is Mr. Dinesh.
West of Madha is fertilized land and rest of the area around the village is fertile plain land, served by an irrigation canal. Madha has two large ponds (Johd) and small pond (jhodi).
Madha has both a girls and a boys secondary government school. The village has a total of three schools with two government run, and one otherwise run.
Madha has an old Shiva and Bajrang Bali temple and Akhara for sadhus (Hindu saints) as well as a village temple nearby, the Temple of Baba Lal Das where newly weds go for blessings before entering the village, on every shukla 15 many people from all over India come for blessings.
Near the village there is a large Gausala of BABA LAL DAS (the biggest in north India). This was established in 1967 by a farmer. The gausala has nearby of land; it has also a big power plant of cost 4.5 crores. The yearly budget of the gausala is in crores.
Madha is an administrative unit and has panchayat samiti. It also has a Patwari (government land record officer) and ADO (Assistant Development Officer, for development of agricultural activities).
All of the people living in the village are Hindus. The majority of people living in the village are Jats. The clans of Jats living in village are Siwach, Chahal. The majority of people living in village are of Siwach and Chahal gotra or clan. There are also Brahmins, Lohar, Khati, Balmiki, Harijans, Nai, Baniya and other castes.
Population.
Population Data for this Place:
Agriculture.
Despite recent industrial development, Haryana is primarily an agricultural state. About 70% of residents are engaged in agriculture. Wheat and rice are the major crops. Haryana is self-sufficient in food production and the second largest contributor to India's central pool of food grains. The main crops of Haryana are wheat, rice, sugarcane, cotton, oilseeds, pulses, barley, maize, and millet. There are two main types of crops in Haryana: Rabi and Kharif. The major Kharif crops of Haryana are rice, jowar, bajra, maize, cotton, jute, sugarcane, sesame and groundnut. For these crops the ground is prepared in April and May and the seeds are sown at the commencement of rains in June. The crops are ready for harvesting by the beginning of November. The major Rabi crops are wheat, tobacco, pulses, linseed, rapeseed and mustard. The ground is prepared by the end of October or the beginning of November and the crops are harvested by March.
About 86% of the area is arable, and of that 96% is cultivated. About 75% of the area is irrigated, through tube wells and an extensive system of canals. Madha contributed significantly to the Green Revolution in India in the 1970s that made the country self-sufficient in food production.
Dairy farming is also an essential part of the rural economy. Madha has a livestock population of 14000. Milk and milk products form an essential part of the local diet. There is the saying "Desaan main des Haryana, jit doodh dahi ka khaana", which means "Best among all the countries in the world is Haryana, where the staple food is milk and yoghurt". Haryana, with 660 grams of availability of milk per capita per day, ranks at number two in the country as against the national average of 232 grams. There is a vast network of milk societies that support the dairy industry. The National Dairy Research Institute at Karnal, and the Central Institute for Research on Buffaloes at Hisar are instrumental in development of new breeds of cattle and propagation of these breeds through embryo transfer technology. The Murrah breed of water buffalo from Haryana is world-famous for its milk production.

</doc>
<doc id="31090055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090055" title="The Alpha Caper">
The Alpha Caper

The Alpha Caper, also known as "The Inside Job", is a crime thriller directed by Robert Michael Lewis and released in 1973. It stars Henry Fonda as an embittered parole officer forced into early retirement, who decides to take revenge against the city officials by stealing a gold shipment being moved to a new depository.

</doc>
<doc id="31090066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090066" title="List of IS (Infinite Stratos) episodes">
List of IS (Infinite Stratos) episodes

"IS <Infinite Stratos>" is an anime series adapted from the light novels of the same title written by author Izuru Yumizuru and illustrator Okiura published by Media Factory. The anime is produced by 8-Bit, directed by Yasuhito Kikuchi, series composition by Fumihiko Shimo, character design by Tomoyasu Kurashima, art directed by Shunichiro Yoshihara and sound directed by Masafumi Mima and Toshihiko Nakajima. Set in the near future, a powered exoskeleton called "Infinite Stratos" (IS), which possesses advanced technology and combat capabilities, changes the world including a major effect on society, as only women can pilot IS. The story focuses on Ichika Orimura, the younger brother of famed Japanese IS pilot Chifuyu Orimura who is discovered to be the first male to be able to pilot an IS. He is then sent to the prestigious Infinite Stratos Academy—an international academy where IS pilots from all over the world are trained—where he meets Houki Shinonono, his childhood friend and younger sister of the creator of the IS. Along with other IS students from different nations, Ichika and Houki's busy school life begins. The anime follows the first three volumes of the light novels, with minor changes in the plotline.
The first anime aired in Japan from January 6 to March 31, 2011 on TBS, with subsequent runs on Chubu-Nippon Broadcasting, Sun Television, Kyoto Broadcasting System and BS-i. The series in licensed in North America by Sentai Filmworks, with Anime Network simulcasting the series on their video website. Six DVD and Blu-ray volumes will be released by Media Factory between March 30 and September 21, 2011. An original video animation, entitled , was released in Japan on DVD and Blu-ray on December 7, 2011. 
The opening theme for the first anime is "Straight Jet", performed by Minami Kuribayashi. The ending theme song is "Super∞Stream", with the first episode version sung by Yōko Hikasa, the second and third episode version sung by Hikasa and Yukana, the fourth and fifth episode version sung by Hikasa, Yukana and Asami Shimoda, the sixth and seventh episode version sung by Hikasa, Yukana, Shimoda and Kana Hanazawa and the final version for the rest of episodes sung by Hikasa, Yukana, Shimoda, Hanazawa and Marina Inoue. Each version of the song reflects the voice actresses' character who is running with Ichika in the episode's ending credits.
The second anime aired in Japan from October 3 to December 19, 2013 on TBS, with subsequent runs on Chubu-Nippon Broadcasting, Sun Television, Kyoto Broadcasting System and BS-i. The opening theme for second anime is "True Blue Traveler", performed by Minami Kuribayashi. The ending theme song is "Beautiful Sky" with the first version for episode 1 to 8 sung by Yōko Hikasa, Yukana, Asami Shimoda, Kana Hanazawa and Marina Inoue, the second version for episode 9 to 11 version sung by Hikasa, Yukana, Shimoda, Hanazawa, Inoue and Suzuko Mimori and the final version for episode 12 sung by Hikasa, Yukana, Shimoda, Hanazawa, Inoue, Mimori and Chiwa Saitō.

</doc>
<doc id="31090069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090069" title="Andrew Landenberger">
Andrew Landenberger

Andrew Landenberger (born 1968) is an Australian competitive sailor and Olympic medalist. He won a silver medal in the Tornado class at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, together with Mitch Booth.
Andrew Landenberger started building sails in Australia under his own label in 1987. The first sails were produce on his parents living room floor with a sewing machine he bought for $50.
By 1989 he claimed his first clean sweep winning the State, National and World Championships in the International Moth Class. Despite spending several years obtaining a Bachelor of Economics Degree, Andrew’s desire to build fast sails always drove him to devote full attention to sailing and the technology side of sail making.
By 1996 Andrew had won an Olympic Silver Medal in the Tornado Class together with Mitch Booth. Since then the full energy has been devoted to sail making.
In 2001 Andrew made the decision to move with his family to Germany. Landenberger One Design has developed into a business of 8 staff specializing mostly in One Design Classes. The production is headed up by Felix Egner who has been with the company since 2004. Despite little time for sailing Andrew and Felix have sailed two regattas together in the past two years "Just for Fun" but managed to finish 1st in the 2005 Topcat K1 World Championships and 3rd in the 2006 F18 World Championships. Andrew is currently spending time sailing in the Star class to develop a new range of sail for the loft. Both the development process and the production techniques are heavily orientated around computer software. Sail making has moved on from an art to an exact science. On average the process we adopt to develop sails in new classes brings us to a very competitive product within three prototypes. This is far quicker than most other One Design lofts can manage who often make a not stop progression of random changes searching for any hint of improvement in performance.
In 2007 Andrew build a second home in Australia on the banks of the Clarence River. Here he has an extensive design loft where he can develop sails and escape the European winter. Although he spends more time these days designing sails he still remains one of the worlds leading multihull sailors.
Landenberger is a descendent of the noted nineteenth-century sculler Michael Rush.

</doc>
<doc id="31090075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090075" title="Malcolm Phipps">
Malcolm Phipps

Malcolm Phipps is an 8th Dan Hanshi in Shotokan Karate and is the Chief Instructor internationally to Seishinkai Shotokan Karate International (SSKI). He started training in karate in the early seventies with a local JKA club, then with Shotokan Karate International (SKI) with Hirokazu Kanazawa. He then moved on to the Amateur Shotokan Karate Association (ASKA), eventually leaving to form his own association, Seishinkai Shotokan Karate, in 1984 and finally turning international in 1995 to the group as it is today, SSKI, with clubs in England, the USA, Hungary, Kazakhstan and India. He was an advisory board member of the World Traditional Karate Organization from 2003-2013. Phipps has trained in Shotokan Karate for over forty years and has taught for over 36 years.
Early years.
Born in December 1942 in Torquay, Devon, due to wartime evacuation, Phipps then moved with his mum to Wealdstone to live with his grandparents, spending his formative years there attending Belmont First School. It was during this time that Phipps started his lifelong support of Wolverhampton Wanderers. In 1953, the family then moved to Hemel Hempstead where Phipps attended Adeyfield Secondary Modern, finally leaving school in 1957.He started working at John Dickinsons, later joining the Royal Navy. After his initial training at HMS Ganges in Shotley, Suffolk where he learnt to be a communications rating in the Visual Signalling Department, and after several incidents of note including learning to march and learning to swim he passed his exams and went to serve on his first ship, the Battle Class Destroyer, HMS Dunkirk. Several ships followed including HMS Rhyl, HMS Aisne, HMS Warrior, HMS Decoy, HMS Delight, HMS Mercury and HMS Jufair, finally leaving the RN in 1968. In his youth Phipps was a prominent football player and played soccer for RN teams throughout the world and in 1966 was actually on the books of Tring Town FC. Once out of the RN, Phipps initially worked for a telecommunications temp agency, gaining full-time employment with a merchant bank (Bunge & Co) working in their communications department. After five years with them, Phipps moved on to work for a commodities broker, Wilson Smithett & Cope; and it was during this time he started his first karate club.
Karate years.
Phipps began his karate training in the early seventies with the JKA/SKI training with Kanazawa (SKI) and John van Weenen MBE. He then trained with ASKA, before setting up his own association Seishinkai Shotokan Karate in 1984, which eventually become SSKI in 1995. Throughout his karate life, he has trained in the Shotokan karate style and also took up traditional nunchaku, forming the English Traditional Nunchaku Association (ETNA) in 2003 and is the world-wide Chief Instructor and founder of both SSKI and ETNA. Phipps is also a member of the World Traditional Karate Organisation and the Shotokan Alliance. He was awarded his 4th Dan in March 1986 (specially awarded by the World Union of Karate Organisations (WUKO) and the English Karate Council for services to karate nationally and internationally) and finally awarded his 8th Dan in September 2011. He has also been awarded a National Referees Certificate (1981), an NCF(MAC) Coaches award (1986), an EKGB Senior Coaching Award (1992) and is authorised as an EKGB Coaching Assessor (1993).
Phipps has coached many national and international champions. This has led, in turn to him being awarded ‘Sports Personality of the Year’ for West Herts (Dacorum) 1985, being runner-up for ‘Sports Personality of the Year (Coach)’ for West Herts (Dacorum) 2001 and being Highly Commended ‘Service to Sport’ for Dacorum District/West Herts 2002. Phipps has also had several magazine articles published, including some in Shotokan Karate Magazine and in both Traditional Karate and Combat Magazine and also several books (see details below).
Further highlights to Phipps's karate career include:
Books.
Phipps is also an author and has had nine books published to date. Four of these books are on the martial arts: Uchi Deshi and the Master, The Ah So! Stories, The Little Book of Seishinkai and Nunchaku (an in-house training manual) and three novels: Wild Oats in Cornwall, The ConEquest and Wild Oats. His autobiography, Out of the Tiger’s Mouth, was published in December 2009 and in 2013 he had a book of poems published, I Pondered Lonely as a Cloud, where all the proceeds were donated to the NSPCC.

</doc>
<doc id="31090087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090087" title="United States v. Riggs">
United States v. Riggs

In United States v. Riggs, the government of the United States prosecuted Robert Riggs and Craig Neidorf for obtaining unauthorized access to and subsequently disseminating a file held on BellSouth's computers. The file, referred to as the E911 file, gave information regarding BellSouth's products implementing 911 emergency telephone services. This article focuses on the proceedings in the District Court of the Northern District of Illinois, where Riggs and Neidorf were both indicted on numerous charges relating to the dissemination of the E911 text file. As Riggs had previously been indicted in the Northern District of Georgia in relation to the same incident, his charges from Illinois were transferred to Georgia. Riggs ultimately pleaded guilty in Georgia and was sentenced to 21 months in prison and 2 years supervised release. Neidorf pleaded not guilty in Illinois and the government dropped all charges against Neidorf 4 days after the trial began.
Background of the case.
Cultural Setting.
"United States v. Riggs" occurred during 1990. At the time, computers and the internet were not uncommon in businesses and academic institutions, but not yet common place in American homes. 
Several computer break-ins in 1983 had been associated with teenagers in Wisconsin. These teenagers gained notoriety and became known as The 414s. High profile public incidents perpetrated by groups such as The 414s combined with movies such as "WarGames" to create a public stereotype of hackers as wayward youths eager to abuse computer knowledge without regard to the consequence of their actions.
Defendants.
Robert Riggs had a previous conviction for computer related crime in North Carolina in 1986 for unauthorized access to BellSouth's computers. As a result, Riggs was sentenced to 15 days of community service and 18 months of probation. Craig Neidorf was a 20 year old college student studying pre-law at University of Missouri. Neidorf began publishing the hacker magazine PHRACK at the age of 16 and published 30 issues from 1985 - 1989.
Previous Indictment.
Prior to the proceedings described below in the Northern District of Illinois, Riggs was indicted in the Northern District of Georgia on charges related to the same events. Riggs' Georgia indictment included 4 counts of wire fraud, 3 counts of access code fraud and 1 count of conspiracy. The 2 indictments in Illinois described below charged Riggs with additional crimes. The charges from Illinois were transferred to Georgia in accordance with Federal Rule of Criminal Procedure 20.
District Court Proceedings.
First indictment.
On February 1, 1990 a federal grand jury voted to issue an indictment against both Robert Riggs and Craig Neidorf. The indictment alleged that Riggs and Neidorf had defrauded BellSouth by electronically stealing a text file and disseminating that file over the web in an online magazine edited by Neidorf known as PHRACK. The indictment alleged that Riggs broke into a BellSouth computer located in Atlanta, Georgia, downloaded the text file to his own computer located in Decatur, Georgia and electronically transferred the file to a bulletin board system located in Lockport, Illinois. Neidorf then allegedly downloaded the file from the bulletin board in Lockport, Illinois to his own computer in Columbia, Missouri. Neidorf then edited the file, at the request of Riggs, to remove details identifying the file as belonging to BellSouth, and uploaded the file to the same bulletin board system in Lockport, Illinois. The indictment charged both Riggs and Neidorf with 7 violations of federal statutes: counts 1 and 2 alleged violations of 18 USC § 1343 (wire fraud), counts 3 and 4 alleged violations of 18 USC § 2314 (interstate transportation of stolen property), and counts 5-7 alleged violations of 18 USC § 1030 (computer fraud and abuse).
Neidorf responded to the indictment by issuing a series of pre-trial motions, including motions to dismiss counts 2-7 of the indictment. Judge Bua subsequently denied all of Neidorf's motions. Neidorf's motions to dismiss counts 3 and 4 (pertaining to interstate transportation of stolen property) were noteworthy as they claim Neidorf should not be charged with violations of § 2314 as he has only caused "electronic impulses" to move over state lines and had not moved any physical property. Although the government conceded that § 2314 had never been applied in this manner before, the court held that it would allow electronic interstate transportation of proprietary business information as a violation of § 2314. In support of the decision to uphold the charge, the court cited "United States v. Gilboe", in which the defendants issued wire transfers of money across state lines and were prosecuted under § 2314. The act of the wire transfer was regarded as being tantamount to physically moving the money as the effect of the wire transfer was that tangible funds becoming available in a bank where they were not previously available.
Second indictment.
On June 7, 1990 the grand jury issued a superseding indictment against Riggs and Neidorf which took the place of the first indictment. The second indictment dropped charges of violating § 1030 (computer fraud and abuse) and instead charged Riggs exclusively with 1 count of violating § 1343 (wire fraud), charged Neidorf exclusively with 4 counts of violating § 1343, and charged Riggs and Neidorf jointly with 4 counts of violating § 1343 and 2 counts of violating § 2314. The second indictment also broadened the scope of alleged activities from strictly obtaining and disseminating the BellSouth text file. The second indictment alleged a broader effort to disseminate hacker tutorials with the goals solidifying the hacker community and educating hackers in a range of skills including evasion of law enforcement.
In response to the superseding indictment, Neidorf filed motions to dismiss all 10 counts of the indictment in which he was named. Neidorf incorporated arguments made by the Electronic Frontier Foundation in support of his motions to dismiss. Neidorf's arguments included a claims that publication of PHRACK, including the BellSouth text file, was within his First Amendment freedoms and that the laws he was charged with violating were unacceptably vague. The court rejected both of these arguments, holding that criminal laws apply even if the activity in question is speech related. All of Neidorf's motions to dismiss were denied.
District court conclusion.
The trial of Neidorf in Illinois began on July 23, 1990. Neidorf was represented by Sheldon Zenner of Katten, Muchin & Zavis in Chicago. Although the trial had been scheduled to last 2 weeks, the prosecution surprisingly dropped the charges after only 4 days. No reason for dropping the charges was officially given, although the government's case was considerably weakened by expert witnesses employed by the Neidorf and Zenner. John Nagle, an independent computer scientist, and Dorothy Denning, a computer security expert, testified for the defense that the text file stolen from BellSouth, as published by Neidorf, actually contained nothing of value for breaking into systems. The defense was also able to demonstrate that the file which the government had alleged as both highly valuable and highly proprietary was actually neither. Nagle demonstrated that more damaging information about BellSouth's 911 system was already publicly available, and Zenner demonstrated that the exact file in question, unedited, could be obtained by calling BellSouth and ordering manuals which cost either $13 or $21. Neidorf ultimately received no conviction, although he did incur legal expense in excess of $100,000.
Riggs' proceedings continued in Georgia, where he pleaded guilty to the conspiracy charge from Georgia and the wire fraud charges from Illinois. Riggs received a prison sentence of 21 months to be followed by 2 years of supervised release. The conditions of Riggs supervised release included that he was not allowed to own or control a computer of any type for his own personal use at any point in the 2 year time period.
Federal Appeals Court Proceedings.
Riggs' issued an appeal to the United States Court of Appeals in the Eleventh Circuit contesting both the length of his sentence and the conditions of his supervised release. Riggs' appeal argued that the sentence was excessive because it exceeded sentencing guidelines for his crimes and previous convictions. The court upheld the sentence, however, on the grounds that they did not feel the criminal history category in which Riggs had been placed was an accurate representation of his past criminal conduct. The terms of Riggs supervised release were also upheld.
Public Commentary.
"United States v. Riggs" has been cited in public discourse on the difference between theft of electronic and physical resources, as seen in the Berkeley Technology Law Journal and Internet World (a publication of the Electronic Frontier Foundation). "Communications of the ACM" also published an article reviewing the events of the case and offering commentary on the proceedings and potential responses from the professional community. The case has also been cited in a number of books dealing with computers, hacking, legality and ethics.

</doc>
<doc id="31090088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090088" title="Midterm exam">
Midterm exam

A midterm exam is an exam given near the middle of an academic grading term, or near the middle of a quarter or semester.
Purpose.
The midterm can serve several purposes. First, it can tell students if they should adjust their study habits for the rest of the term or maintain them (if they perform poorly or well, respectively). It can also serve to tell a student who does very poorly to drop the class (many colleges have the last chance to drop classes a week or two after the first midterm). Also, midterms allow students to study for less material at semester's end, in those courses where the final examination is not cumulative. Furthermore, it gives feedback to the teacher or professor about their teaching style. Teachers may also give multiple exams, such as two or three, which makes each test really a third or quarter term exam.

</doc>
<doc id="31090092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090092" title="Chris Traeger">
Chris Traeger

Christopher "Chris" Traeger is a fictional character played by Rob Lowe in the American comedy television series "Parks and Recreation" on NBC. He began on the show as an Indiana state auditor who visits the fictional city of Pawnee to help solve their crippling budget problems, and eventually becomes Pawnee's acting city manager. Chris is an extremely positive person who is constantly upbeat and energetic. Extremely health-conscious, he exercises constantly and eats only healthy foods, and hopes to be the first human being to live 150 years.
Chris first appeared in the second season episode "The Master Plan". Originally expected to appear in eight episodes as a guest star, Lowe eventually signed on to remain on the show as a permanent cast member. Chris was a romantic interest for Ann Perkins (Rashida Jones) for several episodes, but the two split up in the third season. Chris imposes a strict policy against workplace dating at city hall, but series protagonist Leslie Knope (Amy Poehler) and Ben Wyatt (Adam Scott) begin secretly dating anyway.
The idea of Chris as a state auditor was inspired by real-life reports of government shutdowns amid the global financial crisis. The Chris Traeger character has received generally positive reviews from critics, and has been described as "one of the great comedic creations of the past couple years" and "one of the funniest performances of Rob Lowe's career".
Character biography.
Background and personality.
Portrayed by Rob Lowe, Chris Traeger begins the show as an auditor working for the Indiana state government in Indianapolis, but eventually becomes the acting city manager of Pawnee, the fictional Indiana city where "Parks and Recreation" is set. Originally from Wisconsin, he is an excessively positive and optimistic person, who is constantly upbeat and extremely energetic. As a baby, Chris was diagnosed with a rare blood disorder and was not expected to live longer than three weeks, but miraculously survived. As a result, he sees every day he is alive as a gift, which results in his intensely cheerful and enthusiastic personality. In "Lucky", Chris mentions that he has a stepbrother who lives in London.
Chris is extremely health-conscious and exercises constantly; he runs 10 miles during his lunch break alone, and considers a 15 km run to be "light" exercise. He avoids eating red meat and fatty foods in favor of dishes like lean turkey burgers and vegetable loaf sweetened with fruit reduction, and takes a huge assortment of unusual vitamins. Chris always stays extremely well-hydrated, and as a result of his extreme exercise regimen has only 2.8% body fat, which makes him very susceptible to illness due to a weakened immune system. His ambition is to become the first human being to live 150 years. Chris always greets people with a firm handshake and direct eye contact, and to remember their names often points directly at people and repeats their names upon first meeting them. His constant desire to make everyone around him happy means Chris hates having to deliver bad news, a task he often assigns to his subordinates, usually Ben Wyatt. He often declares things to be "literally" the best thing he's ever seen or done, strongly emphasizing the word and pronouncing it "litch-rally". He is very specific about his needs, giving long, drawn out requests, often making only one point per sentence. In the episode "", when ordering a beer, he says "I would like a local beer... I'd like it in a bottle ... And I'd like that bottle to be cold."
Season two.
Starting in the penultimate second season episode "The Master Plan", Chris Traeger and fellow state auditor Ben Wyatt (Adam Scott) are sent to Pawnee to help solve the city's crippling budget deficit. Despite the seriousness of the problems, Chris presents the situation in an extremely positive light and tries to make all the city hall employees around him happy, leaving the hard decisions and delivery of bad news up to Ben. Due to the poorly managed Pawnee government, Chris and Ben need to slash every city budget by up to 50 percent, much to the disappointment of deputy parks and recreation director Leslie Knope (Amy Poehler).
During an outing at a bar, Chris meets Leslie's best friend Ann Perkins (Rashida Jones), who is drunk and experiencing conflicting emotions following her recent breakup with Mark Brendanawicz (Paul Schneider). Ann makes out with Chris and, although she was too drunk to even remember the incident the next day, he develops romantic feelings for her. Ann rebuffs his requests for dates, and finds him too intense, but the ever-optimistic Chris does not become discouraged and insists he will continue courting her. Meanwhile, in "Freddy Spaghetti", Chris and Ben reveal Pawnee's budget problems are worse than anticipated, which would require the government to be temporarily shut down, much to the horror of Leslie, but the delight of parks and recreation director Ron Swanson (Nick Offerman), an anti-government libertarian. Chris and Ben even consider firing Leslie to save money, but Ron persuades them otherwise.
Season three.
In "Go Big or Go Home", after three months of closure, the Pawnee government reopens in a limited capacity, but Chris and Ben insist the parks and recreation department's budget can only sustain existing park maintenance. Leslie, however, wants to offer better programs and services for the Pawnee citizens. She asks Ann to go on a date with Chris, then try to convince him to increase the budget. Ann reluctantly agrees to the plan, but as the date progresses, she finds she actually enjoys herself and develops feelings for Chris. When Leslie accidentally gives away her secret plan, Chris is hurt and disparaged by Ann's ulterior motive. The next day, however, Ann apologizes and asks to continue dating Chris, who happily accepts.
Ann finds she likes Chris very much, but is intimidated because she cannot find a single flaw with him, which causes her to act socially awkwardly around him. However, when a flu outbreak strikes Pawnee in "Flu Season", Chris becomes severely ill, as due to his extreme workout regimen, he has a poor immune system and low body fat. He suffers a complete physical breakdown and becomes delirious from fever, which causes Ann (who works as a local nurse and treats his illness) to feel less intimidated by him. Later, when he recovers, Chris and Ben are called back to Indianapolis for another assignment, but Chris requests an extension to stay in Pawnee, seemingly due to his feelings for Ann.
In "", Ann begins to question why Chris has not asked her to move with him to Indianapolis when he eventually returns there, especially after he offers for Ron's assistant April Ludgate (Aubrey Plaza) to come there to work for him. After Ann insists they need to decide what their future holds, Chris breaks up with Ann. However, he does so in such a positive and upbeat way that she does not actually realize they have broken up. When Chris returns to Indianapolis, Ann becomes confused about why they have had such little contact and suspects he is cheating on her. In the episode "Indianapolis", Ann confronts Chris about her suspicions, only to become humiliated to learn he had actually intended to break up with her.
In the episode "Camping" a few months later, Chris returns to Pawnee to work as acting city manager after former manager Paul Iaresco (Phil Reeves) suffers a major heart attack. A still devastated Ann meets with him to try and clear the air. However, Chris is once again so optimistic while discussing their break-up that she falsely believes they have gotten back together and tries to kiss him, thus embarrassing herself further. Meanwhile, Chris offers Ben a full-time job working at the Pawnee government, which Ben accepts.
Chris proves to be an energetic city manager, encouraging Leslie to pursue ambitious, grand-scale projects like the harvest festival she organized before he returned to Pawnee. In "Soulmates", he also attempts to combat Pawnee's notorious obesity problem by enacting a government-wide health initiative. In that same episode, when he sees Leslie kiss fellow employee Tom Haverford (Aziz Ansari) and falsely believes they are dating, Chris warns her he maintains a strict policy against workforce dating and insists she could be fired if she engages such a relationship. He is unaware, however, that Leslie and Ben actually have romantic feelings for each other, and eventually start dating without his knowledge.
During the season finale "Li'l Sebastian", Chris learns he has tendinitis. Although it is not particularly serious, it terrifies the health-conscious Chris and makes him begin to ponder his own mortality. He is eventually comforted by Ann, who now works part-time at city hall as the health department's public relations director. Chris feels better and appears to begin developing feelings again for her.
Season four.
In "Ron and Tammys", Chris helps Ann shoot a health-related PSA. His determination to make it perfect, filming take after take, reminds Ann of some of her reasons not to date him. In "Pawnee Rangers", Chris meets Jerry's daughter Millicent (Sarah Wright). The two start dating and Chris makes sure that it is okay with Jerry. Jerry says that he is fine with the two of them dating, much to Chris' delight. Chris and Millicent go together to April and Andy's Halloween party, with Chris dressing as Sherlock Holmes, his favorite character. After Chris starts to lose contact with Millie, he enlists Jerry, Donna, and Ann to help him, against Jerry's wishes. Ann tells him that he is too accessible and needs to back off a little bit so he can continue dating Millie. In "Bowling for Votes", Millie dumps Chris, leaving him depressed. In "Operation Ann", Leslie convinces Chris that he is still a likable person and that Millecent's opinion does not mean anything. He immediately loses his depression. In "Dave Returns", Chris discovers Tom's relationship with Ann and confronts Tom about it, making Chris realize that he has to "...adjust." He then freezes and stares sadly into space. In the same episode, when Andy, asks Chris to sing for him (since he is working as a backing vocalist on Andy's song for the campaign), he sings "Take Me Out to the Ball Game" out of tune and with the wrong lyrics, causing everyone else there to wince. Chris helps Leslie's campaign however he can, even taking on a large amount of busy work to distract him from his loneliness "Bus Tour". He has a brief liaison with Bobby Newport's campaign manager, which cheers him up.
Season five.
In season five, Chris is still working as Pawnee's City Manager. He no longer is depressed, but is continuously seeing a therapist. He is also asked to be the father of Ann Perkins' child via in vitro fertilization. He is hesitant at first and turns to Ben and others to help him make a decision. After "Bailout", he tells Ann that he will be the father and the two begin parenting compatibility testing to see how well they will work together with raising a child. During "Jerry's Retirement", they get back together but Ann is not sure if they should continue their relationship the way they are now.
Development.
Shortly following his departure from the ABC drama series "Brothers & Sisters", Rob Lowe accepted the role of Chris Traeger on "Parks and Recreation". He made his first appearance on the show in "The Master Plan", the penultimate episode of the second season. The character debuted the same episode that Adam Scott began his role as Ben Wyatt. Originally, Chris Traeger was only meant to be a guest role, with Lowe portraying him in the final two episodes of the second season and the first six episodes of the third season before departing the series. However, Lowe instead became a regular cast member starting with the third season, and signed a multi-year contract to remain on the show. The idea of Chris as a state auditor visiting Pawnee, and the subsequent government shutdown, was inspired by news reports at the time of a number of states that were considering a shut down of schools, parks and other services due to the global financial crisis.
"Parks and Recreation" co-creator Michael Schur said Chris' habit of pointing directly into the faces of people he meets and repeating their names was one of the first elements of his character that the writing staff conceived. Chris' desire to live 150 years was inspired by Schur's wife, J. J. Philbin, who had read an article which stated that scientists believe the first human who will live 150 years has already been born, and felt it applied to the Chris Traeger character. Lowe's first day of filming on the series was his birthday (March 17, 2010), which was the day his kiss scene with Rashida Jones in "The Master Plan" was shot. Lowe said he loved his character's "unrelenting enthusiasm" and the fact that he is not a romantic lead, but rather a "big, fat nerd". "Parks and Recreation" star Amy Poehler said of Chris Traeger: "It's a really fun character to play against because what you’ll see start to happen is Chris doesn’t want to deliver any bad news, but he’s actually like the Bad News Bear." Like much of the rest of the cast, Lowe occasionally improvises lines and actions for his character that are not included in the script. The writers hoped to use Ann Perkins' breakup with Chris, and the drastic changes in her behavior afterward, as a way of tapping into more comedic potential of her character rather than having her fill the role of straight man as she had in the past. Schur said: "Ann is a very intelligent and attractive woman, and it's hard to knock someone like that off balance. And the way to knock that person off balance is to get Rob Lowe in a relationship with you." 
Once Lowe joined the permanent cast, Chris' role changed into more of an authority figure concerned with integrity and efficiency, although he continued to maintain his positive attitude and personality. Schur said of this second role: "He doesn’t like frayed ends or controversies – he wants the body politic to be as clean-running and organic as his own human body. Part of the design of the character was to give the other characters a true boss – an actual authority figure whose rules and regulations meant they had to toe certain lines, even while his endlessly cheery disposition made it hard to argue with him." As a result, Chris Traeger changed in minor ways once he became a regular character. In his earlier episodes, Chris avoided associating himself with anything negative and constantly made Ben report bad news to people. As city manager in later episodes as a regular, however, Chris started imposing rules or changes around the office that were not popular and seemed less resistant about enforcing them. For example, Chris began to enforce his strict no-dating policy around city hall. Additionally, in the episode "Jerry's Painting", Chris forcefully orders Leslie to destroy a painting when it proves to be controversial, and becomes angry with her when she tries to resist those orders.
Reception.
The Chris Traeger character has received generally positive reviews from critics. Rick Porter of Zap2it described him as "one of the great comedic creations of the past couple years", and Hitfix writer Alan Sepinwall called it "one of the funniest performances of Lowe's career". David Hinckley of the "New York Daily News" said both Lowe and Adam Scott were excellent additions to the cast, and Eric Sundermann of Hollywood.com said Chris was "exactly what the show needed to push itself to another level of silliness". Some reviewers believed Chris' over-the-top personality would be funny in the short run, but that the character would not prove three-dimensional enough to have long-term sustainability. "New York" magazine writer Steve Kandell initially described him as "funny, but sorta one-note", and Eric Hochberger of TV Fanatic first found Chris funny, but likewise said he was "not sure how great he'll be long term". Matt Fowler of IGN expressed the same sentiments after earlier episodes, but by the third season said Chris proved to be a great addition to the show.
The relationship between Chris and Ann was described by Sundermann as "one of the most interesting parts of the show and the reason, specifically, is Chris". Likewise, Porter said Lowe and Rashida Jones had developed a "fantastic dynamic". Joel Keller of TV Squad said he found Chris "a little two-dimensional", and believed the relationship was poorly handled because it made Ann too passive. Lowe received particularly strong praise for his role in "Flu Season", in which Chris became extremely ill and hallucinatory when infected with the flu. Tim Goodman of "The Hollywood Reporter" said Lowe's character seemed well-integrated into the cast by the episode "Flu Season", and added "If you've never believed Lowe can make you laugh out loud, pay attention to that episode." Steve Kandell said Lowe stole the show from the usual "Parks" powerhouses of Nick Offerman and Chris Pratt, and called one scene, when Lowe tries to will away his flu by yelling to himself in the mirror "Stop...pooping!", the "single greatest self-effacingly comic moment of his long, handsome career".
"Parks and Recreation" has traditionally experienced poor Nielsen ratings, and NBC officials hoped the addition of Lowe to the cast would help increase viewership. His premiere on the second season episode "The Master Plan" was heavily publicized in commercials with the hopes of drawing new viewers. However, ratings continued to be low after he joined the show, and his appearances only resulted in what HitFix writer Daniel Fienberg called "a statistically irrelevant bump" in the ratings.
Following actor Charlie Sheen's departure from the CBS comedy series "Two and a Half Men" in March 2011, rumors began to circulate that Rob Lowe might leave "Parks and Recreation" to take Sheen's place on that show. "People" magazine reported that "Two and a Half Men" creator Chuck Lorre was "seriously discussing the possibility" of signing Lowe, and Sheen himself said he would be a "fabulous" successor. Those rumors proved unfounded, however, and were flatly denied by Michael Schur, who called it "complete gibberish". Although widely considered a supporting role, Lowe's performance as Chris Traeger was submitted for a 2011 Primetime Emmy Award in the Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy Series category.

</doc>
<doc id="31090095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090095" title="1912–13 Svenska Serien">
1912–13 Svenska Serien

Svenska Serien 1912–13, part of the 1912–13 Swedish football season, was the third Svenska Serien season played. IFK Göteborg won the league ahead of runners-up Örgryte IS.

</doc>
<doc id="31090109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090109" title="François Regnard">
François Regnard

François Regnart (Douai, fl. 1570s) was a French Renaissance composer. He studied, sang, and later was "maître de chapelle" at Tournai Cathedral. He is mainly remembered for his settings of Ronsard's chansons.
He was one of five composer brothers of whom the best known was Jacques or Jacob Regnart who spent most of his career in the service of Habsburg emperors Maximilian II and Rudolf II and Archduke Ferdinand in Vienna, Prague and Innsbruck. Two more, Charles and Pascal, were in the chapel of Philip II of Spain. Another brother, Augustin, was canon at Lille. It was Augustin who in 1590 published works of the four other brothers; François as "Franciscus Regnart", Jacobus Regnart, Pascasius Regnart, Carolus Regnart in "Novae cantiones sacrae, quator, quinque et sex vocum". 

</doc>
<doc id="31090117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090117" title="W. Roger Graham">
W. Roger Graham

William Roger Graham, PhD, LLD, FRSC (1919–1988) was a Canadian academic historian whose area of specialization was 20th-century Canadian political history. Born in Montreal March 10, 1919, Graham lived in Chicago, IL, where his father, William Creighton Graham, was a professor of Old Testament history, before moving with his family to Winnipeg, MB, Canada when his father became principal of what was then United College (now the University of Winnipeg). After completing his BA in history at United College, where he held the senior male student appointment of "Senior Stick" in his graduating year, Graham moved to Toronto where he completed his MA and PhD at the University of Toronto after marrying Kathleen McGirr (later Kathleen Birchall following her marriage to Air Commodore Leonard Birchall after Graham's death). In 1946, Graham took his first academic position at the University of Saskatchewan in Saskatoon, teaching there for one year before moving in 1947 to the Regina College (now the University of Regina), where he taught until 1958 (though on leave 1957-1958), when he accepted a position in the Department of History at the University of Saskatchewan, thus moving back to Saskatoon. In 1968, he took up the position of Douglas Professor of Canadian History at Queen's University in Kingston, ON, where he remained until his retirement in 1984, serving a three-year term as chair of the Department of History and winning election to the Royal Society of Canada. In 1969, the University of Winnipeg awarded him the degree of Doctor of Laws, "honoris causa". He died in Kingston on November 17, 1988.
Graham was the author of a number of works of political biography, of which the most important was his three-volume biography of Arthur Meighen published in Toronto by Clarke Irwin: "The Door of Opportunity" (1960), "And Fortune Fled" (1963), and "No Surrender" (1965). Other works by Graham include "The King-Byng affair, 1926: A Question of Responsible Government" (Copp Clark, 1973), a collection of papers related to the 1926 constitutional crisis that involved then Prime Minister W. L. Mackenzie King and Governor-General Lord Byng and the posthumously published "Old Man Ontario: Leslie M. Frost" (University of Toronto Press, 1991), a biography of former Premier of Ontario Leslie Frost. In addition to his full biography of Meighen, Graham also contributed a chapter called "Some political ideas of Arthur Meighen"' to a volume of essays edited by Marcel Hamelin, "The political ideas of the prime ministers of Canada" (Ottawa, 1969, pp. 107–20) and a booklet, "Arthur Meighen", published by the Canadian Historical Association (Ottawa, 1968). With Frederick Gibson, Graham edited and completed the first volume of the history of Queen's University, Queen's University, Volume I, 1841-1917: And Not to Yield that had been begun by Hilda Neatby (1904–1975) but remained unfinished on her death; the volume appeared in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="31090200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090200" title="1913–14 Svenska Serien">
1913–14 Svenska Serien

Svenska Serien 1913–14, part of the 1913–14 Swedish football season, was the fourth Svenska Serien season played. IFK Göteborg won the league ahead of runners-up Örgryte IS.

</doc>
<doc id="31090231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090231" title="1914–15 Svenska Serien">
1914–15 Svenska Serien

Svenska Serien 1914–15, part of the 1914–15 Swedish football season, was the fifth Svenska Serien season played. IFK Göteborg won the league ahead of runners-up AIK.

</doc>
<doc id="31090233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090233" title="Curro Montoya">
Curro Montoya

Francisco José "Curro" Montoya Gómez (born 13 February 1977 in Alicante, Valencian Community) is a Spanish retired footballer as a defensive midfielder.
Club career.
After starting his football formation with Hércules CF, Montoya finished it with neighbouring Valencia CF, going on to spend five seasons with the latter's B team, in the third division. In 2000–01, he made his La Liga debuts, appearing rarely for CD Numancia in a relegation-ending season.
Subsequently, Montoya played seven years in the second level, with Real Jaén, Elche CF, Ciudad de Murcia and Granada 74 CF. In his first season at the latter club, he suffered a serious injury which sidelined him for several months, as his team suffered relegation.
In 2009–10, Montoya played for Atlético Ciudad and Orihuela CF, both in division three, and both undergoing institutional and economic problems. For the following season, he joined CF La Nucía in the fourth level.
International career.
Montoya represented Spain at the 1997 FIFA World Youth Championship in Malaysia, playing four games for the eventual quarterfinalists in a squad which also featured Valencia youth graduates David Albelda, Miguel Ángel Angulo and Javier Farinós.

</doc>
<doc id="31090237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090237" title="List of people from Comilla">
List of people from Comilla

A list of notable people from Comilla, Bangladesh:

</doc>
<doc id="31090261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090261" title="1915–16 Svenska Serien">
1915–16 Svenska Serien

Svenska Serien 1915–16, part of the 1915–16 Swedish football season, was the sixth Svenska Serien season played. IFK Göteborg won the league ahead of runners-up AIK.

</doc>
<doc id="31090279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090279" title="A Tribute to the Cathedral Quartet">
A Tribute to the Cathedral Quartet

A Tribute to the Cathedral Quartet is a CD/DVD released by Christian gospel quartet Ernie Haase & Signature Sound. The album is a tribute to the legendary gospel group The Cathedral Quartet with whom tenor singer Ernie Haase performed from 1990 to 1999. The album was released on October 25, 2010 by Spring House Music.
Awards.
In 2011, the album was nominated for a Dove Award for Southern Gospel Album of the Year at the 42nd GMA Dove Awards, while the song "I Thirst" was nominated for Southern Gospel Recorded Song of the Year. The DVD version was also nominated for Long Form Music Video of the Year.

</doc>
<doc id="31090292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090292" title="1916–17 Svenska Serien">
1916–17 Svenska Serien

Svenska Serien 1916–17, part of the 1916–17 Swedish football season, was the seventh Svenska Serien season played. IFK Göteborg won the league ahead of runners-up Örgryte IS.

</doc>
<doc id="31090298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090298" title="Naxos (regional unit)">
Naxos (regional unit)

Naxos () is one of the regional units of Greece. It is part of the region of South Aegean. The regional unit covers the islands of Naxos, Amorgos, Donousa, Irakleia, Schoinoussa, the Koufonisia islands and several smaller islands in the Aegean Sea. 
Administration.
As a part of the 2011 Kallikratis government reform, the regional unit Naxos was created out of part of the former Cyclades Prefecture. It is subdivided into 2 municipalities. These are (number as in the map in the infobox):
Province.
The province of Naxos () was one of the provinces of the Cyclades Prefecture. It had the same territory as the present regional unit. It was abolished in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="31090304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090304" title="The Difference Between the Democritean and Epicurean Philosophy of Nature">
The Difference Between the Democritean and Epicurean Philosophy of Nature

The Difference Between the Democritean and Epicurean Philosophy of Nature () is a book written by the German philosopher Karl Marx as his university thesis. Completed in 1841, it was on the basis of this work that he earned his Ph.D. 
His thesis advisor was his fellow Young Hegelian and personal friend, Bruno Bauer.

</doc>
<doc id="31090314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090314" title="Stanley Cotterell">
Stanley Cotterell

Stanley John Ambrose Cotterell (1857–1939) founded the Bicycle Touring Club at Harrogate, Yorkshire, on 5 August 1878, while he was a medical student. Its headquarters were wherever he happened to be living. By 1883, the Bicycle Touring Club was renamed the Cyclists' Touring Club to open membership to tricyclists.
Cotterell was born in 1857 in Ilfracombe, Devon, and studied medicine in Edinburgh. One of Cotterell's earliest tasks at the Cyclists Touring Club was to set up the first network of hotels. He enlisted members' help and appointed regional officials such that by 1881 he had 785 establishments under contract with the CTC, offering fixed tariffs, reserved rooms and exclusive lounges for cyclists to use.
Commemoration.
The Golden Book.
Stanley Cotterell's achievements were celebrated in 1938 when Cycling Weekly awarded him his own page in the Golden Book of Cycling, which is now held in 'The Pedal Club' archive.
CTC 75th anniversary.
In 1953, to commemorate the 75th anniversary of the Cyclists Touring Club, Cotterell's foundation ride from Edinburgh to Harrogate on a 'High Ordinary' bicycle was re-enacted. Additionally a commemorative plaque was unveiled in Harrogate.
Cotterell House.
In 1966 the National Headquarters of the Cyclists Touring Club moved to 'Cotterell House', 69 Meadrow, Godalming, Surrey. This building was subsequently sold and redeveloped.

</doc>
<doc id="31090322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090322" title="Christopher Cairns (sailor)">
Christopher Cairns (sailor)

Christopher Cairns (born 1957) is an Australian competitive sailor and Olympic medalist. He won a bronze medal in the Tornado class at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="31090328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090328" title="Otria Moyo Jere">
Otria Moyo Jere

Otria Moyo Jere (born 1959) is a politician who was appointed Deputy Minister of Education, Science and Technology in the cabinet of Malawi in June 2009.
Otria Moyo Jere was born in 1959. 
She attended the University of Malawi, Chancellor College, graduating in 1985 with a Bachelor of Education degree.
From 1985 to 1999 she was a school teacher and headmistress.
In 1999 she became a subject officer with the Malawi National Examinations Board.
She returned to Chancellor College, obtaining a Master degree in 2007 in Education Testing, Measurement and Evaluation.
Jere owns a poultry and farming business, and owns rental properties in Blantyre.
Jere became active in politics in 2007.
in the May 2009 elections she was elected MP for Kasungu West Constituency on the Democratic Progressive Party platform.
In the cabinet that became effective on 15 June 2009, she was appointed Deputy Minister of Education, responsible for Higher Education, Science & Technology.
She retained this post in the cabinet shuffle of 9 August 2010.
References.
Photo: Mrs Otria Moyo Jere - Deputy Minister-MoEST

</doc>
<doc id="31090336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090336" title="Cornelis Cornelisz Kunst">
Cornelis Cornelisz Kunst

Cornelis Cornelisz. Kunst (1493, Leiden – 1544, Leiden), was a Dutch Renaissance painter.
Biography.
According to Karel van Mander, who claimed he lived 1493-1544, he was the best among his painter-brothers, as son and pupil of his father, the painter Cornelis Engelbrechtsz. He won commissions from the Leiden council members as well as the clergy, specifically Engelendaal Abbey in Leiderdorp. Unfortunately much of that work was lost in the troubles of the Beeldenstorm.
According to the RKD he was the son of Cornelis Engebrechtsz and the brother of Pieter Cornelisz. Kunst and Lucas Cornelisz. Kunst. He is known for historical allegories, drawings, and glass painting.

</doc>
<doc id="31090339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090339" title="Weekend (Eddie Cochran song)">
Weekend (Eddie Cochran song)

"Weekend" is a song by Eddie Cochran. The song was written by Bill and Doree Post and recorded in April 1959. The song was released posthumously as a single in the UK on London HL-G 9362 in June 1961 and rose to number 15 on the charts. In the US it was released on Liberty Records 55389 in December 1961 and did not chart. This was the last single with original material by Eddie Cochran released in the US.

</doc>
<doc id="31090350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090350" title="Alen Ilijic">
Alen Ilijic

Alen Ilijic (Serbian Cyrillic: Ален Илијић), (born 30 January 1975 in Gevgelija) is a Serbian composer and visual artist. Studied composition, orchestration, electronic music and sound engineering at the Faculty of Music in Belgrade with one of the most well - known composers, music theorists and modern music scholars in Eastern Europe, Dr. Srdjan Hofman. 

</doc>
<doc id="31090353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090353" title="Evolutions Television">
Evolutions Television

Evolutions Television, commonly known as Evolutions (or more simply Evos), is a television post-production company in London, England. It has three sites across Soho: Berners Street, Great Pulteney Street, and a design facility on Wells Street called Earth. Evolutions has been used for programmes including "The Apprentice", "The F Word", and "Top Gear". The company won the 2007 "Broadcast" Award for Post House of the Year, and in 2010, it was ranked ninth on "Televisual" magazine's "Facilities 50" list.
Evolutions had a building in Soho Square that it vacated in 2011, around the same time that its senior management team bought out Albion Ventures' stake in the company.

</doc>
<doc id="31090356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090356" title="1920–21 Svenska Serien">
1920–21 Svenska Serien

Svenska Serien 1920–21, part of the 1920–21 Swedish football season, was the eighth Svenska Serien season played and the first since 1917. Örgryte IS won the league ahead of runners-up GAIS.

</doc>
<doc id="31090377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090377" title="Box Bar Stadium">
Box Bar Stadium

Box Bar Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Banjul, the Gambia. It is currently used mostly for football matches and was the home stadium for the Gambia national football team until Independence Stadium opened. It was also the home of the Gambian Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="31090399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090399" title="Béla Jurcsek">
Béla Jurcsek

Béla Jurcsek (30 August 1893 – 1945) was a Hungarian politician, who served as Minister of Agriculture in 1944 and Minister of Welfare between 1944 and 1945.
He was born into a landowner family. He attended secondary school in Nagykároly and studied economy in Debrecen. Then he travelled abroad and also worked briefly in Germany. After the First World War he took part in the political life of Fejér County. From 1916 he was a member of the county's municipality and became chairman of the Alliance of Social Associations' group in Sárbogárd. He founded furthermore local organization of the Revisionist League. After that he went to abroad again (Austria, Italy, Germany). He became chairman of the Party of National Unity (NEP) in Sárbogárd. He was elected a member of the National Assembly in 1935 and 1939 as a representative of the NEP.
In the Parliament, he gave speeches mainly in agricultural and social policy issues. He was a member of the party's committee which examined the Jewish question and of the special delegation which smoothed the differences between the House of Magnates and the House of Representatives in connection with the second Jewish law. From June 1940 to February 1941, he served as governor of the agricultural processing and marketing. Jurcsek also served as state secretary of the Ministry of Welfare between 1942 and 1944. He devised a scheme of delivery system which later was called after him as Jurcsek system. This program tried to improve the deteriorating situation because of the Second World War. The proplem had also appeared and experienced during the First World War, Jurcsek wanted to eliminating of the black market and hiding.
After the Nazi occupation of Hungary (Operation Margarethe) in the cabinet of Döme Sztójay, he was appointed Minister of Agriculture. He also held this position in the next Géza Lakatos government. After the Arrow Cross Party's coup d'état (Operation Mickey Mouse), he served as Minister of Welfare. He has set up the delivery system which served the needs of the German Army to the detriment of the Hungarian Army and population. He escaped to Austria. When the Soviet Red Army arrived at Zell am See, he committed suicide. The delivery system was also used after World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="31090402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090402" title="1922–23 Svenska Serien">
1922–23 Svenska Serien

Svenska Serien 1922–23, part of the 1922–23 Swedish football season, was the ninth Svenska Serien season played. The league was divided into to regional divisions with AIK and GAIS winning the eastern and western divisions. GAIS won the competition after defeating AIK in a final play-off.

</doc>
<doc id="31090405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090405" title="List of communes of the Province of Monza and Brianza">
List of communes of the Province of Monza and Brianza

The following is a list of the 55 "comuni" of the Province of Monza and Brianza, Lombardy, in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="31090409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090409" title="Trolleybuses in Genoa">
Trolleybuses in Genoa

The Genoa trolleybus system () forms part of the public transport network of the city and "comune" of Genoa, in the region of Liguria, northern Italy. In operation since 1997, the system currently comprises only one route. Between 2008 and 2012, two routes were being operated.
From 1938 to 1973, Genoa was served by a more extensive system, which reached a maximum length of and eight routes in 1964.
History.
The first trolleybus system (1938–73).
Genoa's first trolleybus system was activated on 13 April 1938, to complement the Genoa tram network and replace its steeper sections. On 30 January 1951, trolleybuses replaced trams on the important uphill bypass.
At the time of its greatest extent (1955), the first trolleybus system consisted of nine lines totalling 27 km. Its trolleybus routes served only the central areas of the city, as opposed to the tram network, which stretched across .
In subsequent years, the original system was gradually reduced, by replacing the trolleybus routes with bus routes, until its total closure on 10 June 1973.
The current system (since 1997).
Trolleybuses were reintroduced to Genoa on 26 June 1997, when route 30 was electrified between Foce and Via di Francia. Service was operated by a newly built fleet of 20 Breda two-axle trolleybuses.
Operation of the new trolleybus system was suspended from June 2000 to December 2002, for cut-and-cover tunnel construction for the Genoa Metro at Piazza De Ferrari. Only a few months later, in May 2003, a four-year suspension of trolleybus service on the western part of the system, west of Piazza delle Fontane Marose in the city centre, began. This was a result of the conversion of Via Balbi from a two-way to a one-way street (westbound only). The latter required the permanent diversion of route 30's eastbound routing to follow Via Gramsci, and some time passed before the new eastbound routing was fitted with overhead trolley wiring. In the meantime, trolleybus service operated as route 30-barrato (Foce – Piazza delle Fontane Marose), while diesel buses served the full route 30. Trolleybus service west of the city centre was reactivated on 13 February 2007.
On 5 May 2008, an extension west from Via di Francia to Sampierdarena entered service, thereby converting route 20 (Foce – Sampierdarena) into a trolleybus route. Route 30, which had been running from Foce to Via di Francia, was curtailed at its east end, to Stazione Brignole (Brignole station), no longer running to Foce. Route 30 operated Monday to Saturday at that time, but in January 2010, its Saturday service was discontinued.
On 15 October 2012, route 30 was replaced by 30-barrata (abbreviated as "30/" at stops and on destination signs), running only between Via di Francia and Piazza Fontane Marose, no longer between the latter point and Stazione Brignole (Viale Duca D'Aosta), a route section that was mostly duplicated by route 20. Because route 30-barrata includes one turn not equipped with overhead trolley wires, it is operated by motorbuses, and consequently route 20 became the only trolleybus route still operating. Most of the two-axle (Breda) trolleybuses were withdrawn at that time, but one or two were used in unadvertised supplementary service until 22 December, when they were withdrawn, leaving only the articulated (Van Hool) vehicles in service.
Services.
Since 15 October 2012, only the following route in Genoa is trolleybus-operated:
Trolleybus fleet.
Retired trolleybuses.
The following trolleybuses were used on Genoa's first trolleybus system:
Current fleet.
Genoa's present trolleybus fleet is made up of the following two types:
Depots.
The current trolleybus system has two depots (garages). Mangini depot is near Foce terminus, and Sampierdarena depot is located about 250 metres west of the terminus of that name. From the reopening in 1997 until 2007, only Mangini depot was used by trolleybuses, as the overhead wiring had not been extended to the Sampierdarena area. In early 2007, almost the entire trolleybus fleet was moved to Sampierdarena depot, with Mangini depot only retaining about four or five of the 1996–97 two-axle trolleybuses.
External links.
"This article is based upon a translation of the Italian language version as at March 2011."

</doc>
<doc id="31090411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090411" title="Paros (regional unit)">
Paros (regional unit)

Paros () is one of the regional units of Greece. It is part of the region of South Aegean. The regional unit covers the islands of Paros, Antiparos and several smaller islands in the Aegean Sea. 
Administration.
As a part of the 2011 Kallikratis government reform, the regional unit Paros was created out of part of the former Cyclades Prefecture. It is subdivided into 2 municipalities. These are (number as in the map in the infobox):
Province.
The province of Paros () was one of the provinces of the Cyclades Prefecture. It had the same territory as the present regional unit. It was abolished in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="31090457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090457" title="FC Viljandi (2011)">
FC Viljandi (2011)

FC Viljandi was an Estonian football club from the town of Viljandi, that played in the Estonian Meistriliiga in 2011 and 2012.
History.
The club was created in early 2011, after Viljandi JK Tulevik decided to rebuild the squad with local amateur players and dropped down two levels to play in second league. As that left a gap in Meistriliiga, it was filled with a temporary club FC Viljandi, which was mostly composed by the same players that previously played for Tulevik.
The club was withdrawn from the championship after the 2012 season, when Tulevik won promotion to Esiliiga, the second highest division of Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="31090461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090461" title="C. Thiruvenkatacharya">
C. Thiruvenkatacharya

C. Thiruvenkatacharya (died 1893) was an Indian civil servant and administrator in the Madras Presidency. He served as the Diwan of Cochin kingdom from 1890 to 1893.
Career.
Thiruvenkatacharya started as a zillah judge in the Madras Presidency. In 1890,he was appointed as Diwan of Cochin kingdom and served till 1893. During this period, he tried his best to promote education. He also brought out reforms in the Postal system.

</doc>
<doc id="31090469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090469" title="Alan Meredith Williams">
Alan Meredith Williams

Alan Meredith Williams (born 1909), a British diplomat, CMG 1948, entered Her Majesty's Consular Service in 1932 after graduating from Cambridge University serving successively at San Francisco, USA; Panama; Paris, France; Hamburg, Germany; Rotterdam, Holland; Reykjavík, Iceland; Leopoldville; Vienna, Austria; 1945–1946, where he was a member of the Allied Control Commission as well; Baghdad, Iraq; New York, USA, (as deputy consul-general from 1950 to 1953); Tunis; & the Foreign Office (as an Inspector of Foreign Office Establishments since 1956 till 1960 where he was at the British Consulate of New York).
In 1946 he married Miss Masha Poustchine, an English woman descendant from a Russian family having a son, Lawrence, and a daughter, Elizabeth.
In August 1964 he was promoted to Order of St Michael and St George, whilst Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary at Panama City, being British Ambassador to Spain, 1966-1969.

</doc>
<doc id="31090479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090479" title="Douglas Buxton">
Douglas Buxton

Douglas Buxton (1917 – 1984) was an Australian competitive sailor and Olympic medalist. He won a bronze medal in the 5.5 Metre class at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne.

</doc>
<doc id="31090494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090494" title="Lonely (Sharon Sheeley song)">
Lonely (Sharon Sheeley song)

"Lonely" is a song written by Sharon Sheeley and recorded by Eddie Cochran. It was recorded in May 1958 and released posthumously as a single on Liberty F-55278 in August 1960. The US release did not chart, in the UK however the single rose to number 41 on the charts.

</doc>
<doc id="31090499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090499" title="Thira (regional unit)">
Thira (regional unit)

Thira () is one of the regional units of Greece. It is part of the region of South Aegean. The regional unit covers the islands of Thira (Santorini), Anafi, Folegandros, Ios, Sikinos and several smaller islands in the Aegean Sea. 
Administration.
As a part of the 2011 Kallikratis government reform, the regional unit of Thira was created out of the former Cyclades Prefecture. It is subdivided into 5 municipalities. These are (number as in the map in the infobox):
Province.
The province of Thira () was one of the provinces of the Cyclades Prefecture. It had the same territory as the present regional unit. It was abolished in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="31090517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090517" title="Alan Warren (sailor)">
Alan Warren (sailor)

Alan Warren (born 13 December 1935) is a British sailor. He won a silver medal in the "Tempest class" with David Hunt at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="31090523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090523" title="Puellae">
Puellae

Puellae is a bronze sculpture by Magdalena Abakanowicz.
Consisting of 30 figures, created in 1982, it originally showed at the Marlborough Gallery.
It was installed in 1999, at the National Gallery of Art Sculpture Garden.

</doc>
<doc id="31090526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090526" title="Journal of Rheology">
Journal of Rheology

Journal of Rheology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing original (primary) research on all aspects of rheology, the study of those properties of materials which determine their response to mechanical force. It is published bimonthly by the Society of Rheology through the American Institute of Physics. 
The editor-in-chief of "Journal of Rheology" is John Brady. According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2009 impact factor of 2.646.
Publication history.
The publication of "Journal of Rheology" has seen three phases. The journal was first published as "Journal of Rheology" between 1929 and 1932. In 1933 the journal was subsumed as a section (called Rheology Numbers) of the journal "Physics", and then the "Journal of Applied Physics. " From 1957, the Society of Rheology reestablished the journal as a separate publication, initially named "Transactions of the Society of Rheology", renamed "Journal of Rheology" from 1977.
Abstracting and indexing.
"Journal of Rheology" is abstracted and indexed in the following databases:

</doc>
<doc id="31090538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090538" title="Aboriginal title statutes in the Thirteen Colonies">
Aboriginal title statutes in the Thirteen Colonies

Aboriginal title statutes in the Thirteen Colonies were one of the principal subjects of legislation by the colonial assemblies in the Thirteen Colonies. With the exception of Delaware, every colony codified a general prohibition on private purchases of Native American lands without the consent of the government. Disputes were generally resolved by special interest legislation or war. "Mohegan Indians v. Connecticut" (1705–73), a lawsuit that proceeded for 70 years under special royal enabling acts only to be dismissed on non-substantive grounds, was the first and only judicial test of indigenous tenure.
Aboriginal title remained a central political and economic issue and was listed as one of the enumerated grievances in the Declaration of Independence. Regardless, colonial land law relating to indigenous peoples became the foundation for aboriginal title in the United States during the Articles of Confederation-era and after the ratification of the United States Constitution. The colonial-law prohibition was codified at the federal level by the Confederation Congress Proclamation of 1783 and the Nonintercourse Acts of 1790, 1793, 1796, 1799, 1802, and 1834.
Pre-Revolutionary land transactions remained the subject of political and legal disputes well after Independence. However, in sharp contrast to post-1790 transactions, no Indian tribe has yet succeeded in litigating or receiving compensation for a pre-1790 transaction. The prevailing view remains that the colonial governments, and the state governments that succeeded them during the Confederation era, had the power to authorize the alienation of indigenous lands within their borders.
British law.
The British monarchy made two attempts to regulate aboriginal land transactions in British North America by Royal Proclamation: first, the Royal Proclamation of 1622; second, the Royal Proclamation of 1763.
Statutes by colony.
Connecticut.
The Connecticut Colony (est. 1636) and the New Haven Colony (est. 1637) merged in 1662.
Connecticut Colony.
In 1637, the Connecticut Colony authorized a military expedition to Pequot lands to “maynteine our right that God by Conquest hath given to us.” Soon after, the colony decided to hold sachem's liable for the trespass of any Indian. The conquered Pequot land's were “dispose . . . with lest prejudice to others that may hereafter succeed them.”
The first prohibitions on transactions prohibited leases, either to or from Indians. The first prohibition on taking Indian property did not arise until 1660. This was explicitly extended to land acquisitions in 1663. The prohibition was strengthened in 1680. The penalties were increased again in 1687.
"Gold Hill" was the first Indian reservation in the colony, established in 1659 and confirmed in 1678. Indians were also explicitly permitted to use public lands for hunting. In other instances, the colony resolved land disputes between competing Indians. Other reservations were established for the Mohegans in New London in 1718 and others in 1726 (which were exempted from the application of adverse possession), including the Pequot's before 1731.
The power to purchase Indian lands was delegated to townships in 1702. In 1706, the colony offered amnesty for those who had purchased in violation of previous prohibitions as long as they provided a "true account." In 1717, the colony declared “all lands in this government are holden of the King of Great Britain as the lord of the fee,” barred the introduction of private purchases as evidence, and established a committee to "settle this whole affair." Noting that the prohibition was among the most "ancient laws" of the colony, the fine was increased in 1722, and treble damages were imposed. No compensation was provided in the case of eminent domain.
New Haven.
Prior to merging with the Connecticut Colony, the New Haven Colony also prohibited private purchases of Indian lands unless "in the name and for the use of the whole plantation.”
Delaware.
Delaware appears to have passed no laws concerning Indian lands.
Georgia.
In 1758, Georgia passed a prohibition of private purchases of Indian lands:
f any person or persons whosoever shall attempt to purchase or contract for, or cause to be purchased or contracted for, or shall take or acept of a grant or conveyance of any lands or tracts of lands from any Indian, or body of Indians, upon any prtence whatsoever, (except for the use of the crown and that by permission for this purpose first had and obtained from his majesty, his heirs or successors, or his or their governor or commander in chief of the said province for the time being) every such purchase, grant, contract and conveyance, shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be null and void, to all intentts an purposes whatsoever . . . .
Maryland.
In 1639 Maryland codified separate prohibitions on land purchases from Indians and non-English Europeans, set to expire at the end of the next session of the general assembly; the latter provided:
Neither Shall subject of the King obteine procure or accept of any Land within this Province from any Indian to his own or the use of any other than the Lord Proprietarie or his heirs[,] nor shall hold or possess and land . . . and upon pain that every person offending . . . Shall forfeit and lose to the Lord Proprietarie and his heirs all Such Lands so accepted or held without Grant of the Lord Proprietarie under him.
This forfeiture provision was renewed in 1649. Indian reservations were established in 1666. Their boundaries were modified in 1698, and enlarged in 1711. Indian reservation boundaries were re-surveyed in 1721. The Nanticoke reservation was extinguished in 1768.
Unlike many colonies, Maryland provided limited legal remedies for the violation of Indian property rights. In 1704, the colony provided that non-Indians who took timber from Indian lands would be “lyable to Action or Actions of trespass[,] And the persons grieved shall and may recover their Damages accordingly.” It later authorized specific proceedings for "Indian-English" disputes; in the third such authorization, jurisdiction was extended to “punishing Trespasses committed on their Lands,” claims arising from the renting of Indian lands, and “Trespasses and Wastes on such of the said Indian Lands, which have not been granted to any of the Inhabitants of this Province."
Massachusetts.
The Plymouth Colony (est. 1620) and the Massachusetts Bay Colony (est. 1628) merged in 1691. After the combination of the two colonies, in 1701, a new prohibition was codified:
deeds of bargain, sale, lease, release, or quitclaim, titles and conveyances whatsoever, of any lands . . . within this province . . . had, made, gotten, procured or obtained from any Indian or Indians by any person or persons whatsoever at any time [since 1633 without the license or approbation of the respective general courts of the said late colonys the current colony for purchases after 1701 shall be deemed and adjuded in the law to be null, void and of none effect.
The law validated all titles in Martha's Vineyard and the Island of Nantuckett and all other titles preceded by a grant from the colony. Henceforth, any violator would be subject to a fine of twice the value of the land and 6 months in prison. In 1719, the Mashpee's lands were exempted, and their sale was authorized in 1777.
In 1723, the Hassanimscoe were exempted from property tax. In 1736, they were granted a 6 miles square reservation, whose borders were amended several times in 1737 and 1739. Indian lands within the township of Edgartown on Chappaquiddick were protected for 3 years in 1774.
Plymouth.
A 1643 Plymouth statute acknowledged the “constant custome from our first beginning That no person or persons have or ever did purchase Rent or hire any lands . . . of the Natives but by the Majestrates consent” and proscribed:
any person or persons do hereafter purchase or rent or hyre and lands . . . of any of the Natives in any place within this government with the consent and assent of the Court Every such person or persons shall forfait [fives times the value plus five pounds for every acre.
In 1652, the colony legislated an exception to this prohibition, for those who had failed to satisfy the conditions of their land grants resulting in the lands being re-granted to other non-Indians. The exception was only to last for 14 months from the end of the Court session, but was extended until June 1656. The colony later retroactively validated some purchases made in violation of this prohibition. In 1660, the prohibition was interpreted to apply to gifts of land. In 1663, the prohibition was extended to mere use. In 1668, the prohibition was extended to "mount hope or Cawsumsett necke or any other neckes or tracts of land as there is a body of Indians upon"; as amended, the lands would be forfeited to the colony if the purchaser could not afford the fine.
In 1674, the colony established a one year statute of limitations "concerning Indian claimes that are or shalbe made to any lands within this Government; which are now orderly possessed by the English those which doe lay claime to them shall orderly comence and prosecute theire claime as farr as hee or they are able; wihtine one yeare after they be of age; and noe longer and that care be taken that the Indians have notice of it."
Massachusetts Bay.
The Massachusetts Bay colony codified its first prohibition on private purchases of Indian lands in 1634: “oe person whatsoever shall buy any land of any Indean without leave from the Court.” The first land recording law, instructed Steven Winthrope to record, inter alia, “all the purchases of the natives.”
The Code of 1648 codified the prohibition such: “It is ordered by Authoritie of this Court; that no person whatsoever shall henceforth buy land of any Indian, without licence first had and obtained of the General Court: and if any shall offend heerin, such land so bought shall be forfeited to the Countrie.” A 10-pounds-per-acre forfeiture was ordered in 1687.
In 1652, the colony acknowledged aboriginal title, in a statute that made reference to several biblical verses:
hat lande any of the Indians, within this jurissdiction, have by possession or improvement, by subdueing of the same, they have just right thereunto, according to that Gen: 1: 28, chap: 9: 1, Psa.: 115, 16. And… if any of the Indians shalbe brought to civillitie… such Indians shall have allotments… according to the custome of the English in the like case.
Only if the Indians were evicted from “planting groundes or fishing places,” were the Indians to "have reliefe in any of the Courts of justice amongst the English, as the English have."
In 1681, the Dedham Indians were confined to the towns of Nanticke, Punkapauge. and Wamesti. In 1685, the colony confirmed 5,800 acres of land to Indians in Marlborough and voided all deeds to the contrary.
New Hampshire.
New Hampshire codified a rather weak prohibition against private purchases in 1641: “buys the Indian Ground by way of purchase is to tender it first to the town [of Exeter before they are to make proper use of it in particular to themselves.” In 1677, the colony ordered the resettlement of the Piscataqua Indians. The colony's instructions to Edmund Andros in 1686 included instructions to purchase Indian lands.
New Hampshire codified a more serious prohibition in 1687:
In 1719, penalties were added, retroactive to violations from 1700: forfeiture, a fine of the value of the land, and 6 months in prison.
New Jersey.
In May 1683, the colony authorized a Commissioner to buy lands from Indians and resell the lands in plots not to exceed 5000 acres each. In September 1683, the colony codified a prohibition against private purchases:
o Person or Persons, shall presume to buy any Tract or Tracts of Land, of, or from the Indians within this Province, without special Order and Authority to him and them given by the Governor and Commissioners, or the major Part of them for the time being.
Any purchase to the contrary would be “null and void” and subject to a fine of 5 shillings per acre. The prohibition was included in the colony's instructions to Lord Cornbury. In 1703, the prohibition was made more specific, to include “Gift of Purchase in Fee, take a Mortuage or Lease for Life or number of Years”; the authorization method was changed to “Certificate, under the hand of the Proprietors Recorder”; the fine was raised to 40 shillings per acre; and the forfeiture provision was applied to “Purchasers, their Heirs and Assigns shall forever hereafter be incapable to hold Plea for the said Land in any Court of Common Law or Equity.”
In 1758, the colony appropriated for the Commissions “such Sum and Sums of Money, as they may find necessary to purchase the Right and Claim of all or any of the Indian Natives of this Colony, to and for the Use of the Freeholders in this Colony, their Heirs and Assigns, for ever”; the maximum appropriation was to be 1600 pounds, no more than half of which was to go to the Delawares near Cranbury. As recounted by later, unrelated, judicial opinion:
In 1758 the State of New Jersey purchased the Indian title to lands in that State, and as a consideration for the purchase, bought a tract of land as a residence for the Indians, having previously passed an act declaring that such lands should not be subject thereafter to any tax by the State, any law or usage, or law then existing, to the contrary notwithstanding. The Indians, from the time of purchase, lived upon the land until the year 1801, when they were authorized, by an act of the Legislature, to sell the land.
New York.
The Director and Council of New Netherland passed a law holding citizens liable for damages to Indian crops in 1640. In 1652, the colony legislated to "“hereby dissolve, annul and make void all claimed or occupied purchases, sales, patents and deeds signed.” Previous purchases were confirmed in 1670.
The General Assembly of New York codified a prohibition on private purchases of Indian lands in 1684:
enceforward noe Purchase of Lands from the Indians shall bee esteemed a good Title without Leave first had and obtained from the Governour signed by a Warrant under his hand and Seale and entered on Record in the the Secretaries office att New Yorke and Satisfaction for the Purchase acknowliged by the Indians from whome the Purchase was made which is to bee Recorded likewise with purchase soe made and prosecuted and entered on Record in the office aforesaid shall from that time be Vallid to all intents and purposes.
North Carolina.
North Carolina defined its boundaries with the Meherrin Indians in 1729. In 1748, the colony passed a prohibition on private purchases which applied only to Tuscarora lands, and imposed a fine of 10 pounds for every 100 acres:
o Person, for any Consideration whatsoever, shall purchase or buy any Tract or Parcle of Land, claimed, or in Possession of any Indian or Indians, but all such Bargains and Sales shall be, and are hereby declared to be null and void, and of none Effect.
The colony authorized the leases of Tuscarora lands in 1766.
Pennsylvania.
The colony passed its first prohibition on private purchases of Indian lands in 1683:
anie person shall presume to buy any Land of the Natives in the Limits of this Province or territories thereof, without Leave from the Proprietary and Governor therof, or his desputy, Such person shall Lose the said Land, and pay [fine of 10 shilings per 100 acres.
The statute was abrogated by the crown in 1683, but re-enacted the same year. A similar law was passed in 1700 and supplemented in 1730 by more specific legislation (and exempted from any statute of limitations).
The colony passed legislation to clear title to all land grants from the colony in 1712; the act declared such grants “free and clear, and freely and clearly acquitted and discharged, or otherwise well and sufficiently saved harmless and indemnified by the said proprietary, his heirs and assigns, of and from all Indian claims, and all other of non-Indians.”
In 1768, the colony proscribed violations of the Royal Proclamation of 1763; the punishment was to be “death without the benefit of clergy.” In 1769, the punishment was set at a 500 pound fine, 1 year in prison without bail or mainprise, plus a moiety paid to the poor.
Rhode Island.
Early Rhode Island laws restricted Indians from certain areas. Later laws were also passed in this vein.
In 1651, the colony passed its prohibition on private purchases of Indian lands:
o purchase shall be made of any Land of the natives for a plantation without the consent of this State, except it bee for the clearinge of the Indians from some particular planatations already sett down upon; and if any shall so purchase, they shall forfeit the Land so purchased to the Collonie . . . .
A 20 pound fine was added in 1658. The wording of the prohibition was broadened and a 100 pound fine was added in 1727. The colony repealed its prohibition on private purchases of Indian lands in 1759. Certain sachems were prohibited from selling land in 1763.
A 1663 law purported to commemorate the “surrender of Narragansetts, their subjects and their lands” to the protection of the King. The colony authorized the acquisition of certain Narragansett lands in 1672. In 1696 and 1713, laws were passed to void the purchases of various Narragansett lands. Leases were permitted in 1718 and extended in 1738.
South Carolina.
The colony established the Palawanee Island as a reservation for the "Cusaboe" Indians in 1712. In contrast, the colony appropriated Yamasee lands in 1716.
In 1739, the colony passed its prohibition on private purchases of Indian lands:
o person or persons whatever shall buy, bargain or treat for, or by any way or means whatever, procure, hold, obtain, or get any lands . . . from any Indian or Indians whatever.
Virginia.
Early colonial laws removed or permitted settlers on Indian lands on an ad hoc basis. The first Indian reservations were established in 1649. A Totopotomoi reservation was confirmed in 1653; a "Wiccomocco" reservation in 1659; an "Accomack" reservation in 1660; a "Chickaominy" reservation in 1661 and 1662.
Prohibitions on private purchases of Indian lands were passed in 1649, 1652, and 1656. A new prohibition was passed in 1752. The right of pre-emption was delegated to Northampton County in 1654.
Title clearing acts were passed in 1660 and 1676. Reservation boundaries were tightened in 1705. Various sales ad leases were authorized or retroactively confirmed in the 1720s through 1770s.

</doc>
<doc id="31090550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090550" title="Svetlana K-Lie">
Svetlana K-Lie

Svetlana K-Lie (born in 1977 in Moscow) is a Russian artist living and working in Lewes, UK. Originally trained as a sculptor, she works with a broad range of materials and techniques as her practice expands to photography, printmaking and drawing.
Education.
Svetlana K-Lie graduated in 2000 with a MA from the Moscow Faculty of Applied Arts. She then further developed her practice at the I.I. Nevinsky Etching Art Studio and Babushkinski Ceramic Studio. In 2007 she moved to the UK where she graduated very successfully from the Camberwell College of Arts London with a MA in Drawing. Her graduation work was selected for the Xhibit 07 exhibition and praised by "Time Out".
Exhibitions.
Her work has been exhibited in major museums in Moscow and St.Petersburg as well as in the Saatchi Gallery in London in 2010. In 2009 she collaborated with Michael Nyman on the occasion of the Anglo-Moskva Festival in Moscow and was commissioned a sculpture by the Third Moscow Biennale of Contemporary Art. Two of her etchings are in collection of the Hermitage Museum of St. Petersburg.
Awards.
In 2004 she was awarded the title of best woman sculptor of Russia and in 2005 of best young sculptor of Russia. Most recently, in 2010, she won runner up in the Best Sculpture category at the Battle Contemporary Fine Art Fair. She also won in the same year the 3rd prize of the RK Harrison Prizes For Art Photography at the National Open Art Competition 2010. In 2011, one of her steel sculpture was selected for the Open West Competition.

</doc>
<doc id="31090552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090552" title="Devereaux Mytton">
Devereaux Mytton

Devereaux Mytton (1924 – 1989) was an Australian competitive sailor and Olympic medalist. He won a bronze medal in the 5.5 Metre class at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne.

</doc>
<doc id="31090587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090587" title="Siege of Vyborg">
Siege of Vyborg

Siege of Vyborg may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31090607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090607" title="Uniko">
Uniko

Uniko is a studio album by the Kronos Quartet. It contains compositions by Finnish avant-garde composers Samuli Kosminen and Kimmo Pohjonen, both of whom also perform on the album. "Uniko", which was commissioned by the quartet in 2003, premiered in 2004 and was also performed in 2007 in New York City at the BAM NEXT WAVE festival.
Credits.
Production.
Recorded at Avatar Studios, New York City, 2007

</doc>
<doc id="31090614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090614" title="France 3 Paris Île-de-France">
France 3 Paris Île-de-France

France 3 Paris Île-de-France is a regional television service and part of the France 3 network. It is broadcast from its headquarters in Vanes. It broadcasts to people in the Île-de-France region. Content is also produced in Vanves.

</doc>
<doc id="31090617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090617" title="Statistics Estonia">
Statistics Estonia

Statistics Estonia () is the Estonian government agency responsible for producing official statistics regarding Estonia. It is subordinated the Ministry of Finance.
The agency has approximately 400 employees. The office of the agency is located in Tallinn.

</doc>
<doc id="31090626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090626" title="David Giles (sailor)">
David Giles (sailor)

David Giles (born 27 November 1964) was an Australian competitive sailor and Olympic medalist. He won a bronze medal in the Star class at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, together with Colin Beashel. he competed with Colin Beashel in the Star class sailing at every Olympic regatta from Barcelona 1992 through to Athens 2004. He was an Australian Institute of Sport scholarship holder.

</doc>
<doc id="31090634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090634" title="Cubi XI">
Cubi XI

Cubi XI is an abstract sculpture by David Smith. It is a part of the Cubi series of sculptures.
Constructed in 1963, it was installed on April 21, 1964 at 1875 Connecticut Avenue, N.W. near Sheridan Circle.
It is in the National Gallery of Art Sculpture Garden. 

</doc>
<doc id="31090652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090652" title="Languages of Tunisia">
Languages of Tunisia

Tunisia is, in terms of language, the most homogeneous of the Maghreb states. This is because almost the entire population speaks Tunisian Arabic (also called Darija) natively. Most are also literate in Literary Arabic, which is the country's official language, and French. The Tunisian Darija is considered a variety of Arabic - or more accurately a set of dialects - therefore, there is no official standardisation body for Tunisian Arabic and it is spoken mainly in the context of a daily dialogue within the family. According to linguistic studies, it is a close relative to Maltese. Berber languages are spoken by a minority, especially in the south.
During the French protectorate of Tunisia, French was imposed through public institutions, notably the education system, which became a strong vehicle for dissemination of the language. From independence, the country gradually became Arabised even though the public administration, justice and education remained bilingual meanwhile knowledge of French and other European languages (as English and Italian) is enhanced by Tunisia's proximity to Europe and notably by media and tourism.
The 1990s marked a turning point for the Arabisation process. Science classes up to the end of middle school were Arabised in order to facilitate access to higher education and promote the Arabic language in society. Since October 1999, private establishments are forced to give Arabic characters twice the size compared to Latin characters, this rule is not always followed however. At the same time, the public administration is required to communicate in Arabic only. Nevertheless, only the departments of Defense and Justice and the Parliament are fully Arabised. In this context, the use of French seems to decline despite the increased number of graduates of the educational system, which leads to the fact that a good knowledge much of French remains an important social marker. This is because French is widely practised in the business community, the spheres of natural sciences and medicine and intellectual domains, one can even consider that the language has become gentrified.
According to recent estimates provided by the Tunisian government to the Organisation Internationale de la Francophonie, the number French speakers is estimated at 6.36 million people, or 63.6% of the population.

</doc>
<doc id="31090675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090675" title="Gavriil Kamenev">
Gavriil Kamenev

Gavriil Petrovich Kamenev (; 1772–1803) was a Russian poet, writer, and translator.
Kamenev was born on February 3, 1772, in Kazan and lived there in adverse circumstances (he was not good at business and was unhappily married), his only bright moments being brief visits to Moscow. He had attended a boarding school, but was essentially self-educated.
Kamenev published poems in "The Pleasant and Agreeable Pastime", "Muse", "Ipokrene", "Literary News" and especially in the publications of the Free Society of Lovers of Literature, Science, and the Arts. In the latter he published his ballad "Gromval", marking the first appearance of the Romantic strain in Russian literature. In "Gromval", Kamenev used the then-unusual anapaest and dactyl poetic feet.
Kamenev translated several of August von Kotzebue's works into Russian, wrote about his impressions of Moscow, and was acquainted with Nikolay Karamzin and other famous writers. Kamenev's significance as the first Russian Romantic writer was acknowledged by Pushkin.
Kamenev died on July 25 or 26, 1803, in Kazan.

</doc>
<doc id="31090677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090677" title="Willie Mueller">
Willie Mueller

Willard Lawrence Mueller Jr. (; born August 30, 1956) is an American former Major League Baseball Pitcher, actor, and baseball coach. He spent his entire baseball career with the Milwaukee Brewers organization (1978–1981).
Early years.
Mueller was born in West Bend, Wisconsin. Mueller attended West Bend West High School where he starred as a prep pitcher.
Baseball career.
Mueller was an undrafted free agent signed after the June 1974 Major League Baseball Draft. Mueller made his major league debut four years later, at twenty one years old against the Boston Red Sox. Mueller's final appearance was September 20, 1981 against the Baltimore Orioles.
Post-playing career.
After Mueller's baseball career, he played the role of the Duke, in the 1989 blockbuster Major League (film). Mueller's role of the Duke was known as a menacing relief pitcher for the New York Yankees. The role of the Duke has even gotten a cult status following. On a March 2, 2011 interview with the Today show, Charlie Sheen stated that, "the Duke is winning at life" when discussing a installment of Major League. 
Mueller is currently the pitching coach at Concordia University Wisconsin.
Personal life.
Mueller resides in West Bend, Wisconsin. He has two children, Lindsey and Daniel. Daughter Lindsey was a volleyball player at Division 1 Binghamton University. Son Daniel is currently a pitcher and shortstop for Concordia University Wisconsin. Mueller is also the uncle of former San Francisco Giants third baseman Ryan Rohlinger. Nephew Mike Mueller pitched professionally in the Atlanta Braves system. Nephew Adam Rohlinger was a division 3 All American baseball player at Concordia University Wisconsin.
Mueller remains quite close to former teammates, Jim Gantner, Robin Yount, and Jerry Augustine.

</doc>
<doc id="31090686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090686" title="Qu'Appelle, Long Lake and Saskatchewan Railroad and Steamboat Company">
Qu'Appelle, Long Lake and Saskatchewan Railroad and Steamboat Company

The Qu'Appelle, Long Lake and Saskatchewan Railroad and Steamboat Company (QLSRSC) was a railway that operated between Regina, Saskatchewan and Prince Albert, Saskatchewan, Canada via Craik, Saskatoon and Rosthern.
Augustus Meredith Nanton was an earlier financier who helped raise the funds to establish the railway. Construction began on the line 1883 but ran into financial problems. By 1886, only had been built, and the line was not finished until 1889.
Work on the first branch line of the QLSRSC began in 1885, from Regina to Craven, Saskatchewan. This permitted the settlement of the area, resulting in the creation of communities as Sunset Cove. The Regina-Prince Albert line was constructed by 1889 and 1890.
In 1889, the company's railways were leased to the Canadian Pacific Railway and finally taken over by the Canadian Northern Railway in July 1906. The railway also operated steamboats on Last Mountain Lake. Through its land holding company, the railway sold off its of farmland to early settlers.

</doc>
<doc id="31090687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090687" title="Birmingham Parks Police">
Birmingham Parks Police

Birmingham Parks Police was a small police force maintained by Birmingham Corporation to police the parks and open spaces of Birmingham, United Kingdom. They were first formed in 1912 and were disbanded in 1962, when they were replaced with Park Rangers.
History.
The parks of Birmingham were, at first, patrolled by Birmingham City Police. In the 1880s, the Parks Committee of the Corporation applied to Worcestershire Constabulary for additional officers to patrol Cannon Hill Park, because whilst the park was maintained by the Corporation, it was mainly used by ratepayers of Worcestershire.In 1883, the Birmingham Corporation (Consolidation) Act permitted the Corporation to appoint park keepers as constables. They were required to take the oath that a constable of the regular city police took under the Municipal Corporations Act 1882. They then had the "powers, authorities and privileges" of such a constable within the corporation's parks, whether within the limits of the city or not. In the late 1880s, reports in the Birmingham Daily Post show that both Cannon Hill Park and Calthorpe Park had become the location for sexual assaults on both adults and children, and the Parks Committee was keen to have more police to patrol Cannon Hill Park.
Minutes of the Parks Committee from 1907 suggest that the Committee thought that the levels of policing in the parks were insufficient, and that ordinary park employees were often left to deal with situations themselves. It was reported that:
As with many occupations, women were first appointed to the Parks Police during World War I - partly to replace conscripted men, but also to assist in the supervision of children who used the parks. After the war, it was also thought that female police officers might help to prevent indecent exposure and sexual assaults on children. The National Council of Women presented an appeal to the Parks Committee in 1924 for more police, particularly women police officers "in the interests of public morality and decency and particularly for the safeguarding of little children", complaining that the supervision of parks was inadequate, and citing several recent cases of "misconduct and indecency", particularly at Warley, Cannon Hill, Swanshurst and Sparkhill parks.

</doc>
<doc id="31090695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090695" title="Astrid in Wonderland">
Astrid in Wonderland

Astrid in Wonderland is a Belgian reality television series airing on the Belgian channel VIJFtv and in the Netherlands on NET5 and was first on air on 2 September 2011.
Overview.
Starring:

</doc>
<doc id="31090705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090705" title="2011 Montepaschi Strade Bianche">
2011 Montepaschi Strade Bianche

The 2011 Montepaschi Strade Bianche took place on 5 March 2011. It was the 5th edition of the international classic Montepaschi Strade Bianche. The previous edition was won by Maxim Iglinskiy, who rode for .

</doc>
<doc id="31090728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090728" title="Peter Bernauer">
Peter Bernauer

Peter Bernauer (born 10 September 1965) is a former German football player.
Peter Bernauer was brought up in Rickenbach, Baden-Württemberg. As a youngster he played Basketball for his local club and was called into the German national team. He played his youth football at the small club FC Bergalingen. Later he moved to FC Wehr 1912 and started his senior football career by SV 08 Laufenburg. From 1987 to 1991 he played for FC Basel. His trainer at Basel was Urs Siegenthaler and his team mates included goalie Urs Suter, defender Massimo Ceccaroni, and Swiss national team players such as Adrian Knup, Dominique Herr and Peter Nadig. Despite this personally strongly occupied team Basel were relegated to the Nationalliga B in 1988
Bernauer returned to Laufenburg during the seasons 1991-1994. He then spent one year by BSC Old Boys and one year by FC Bülach before he ended his career by FC Riehen and FC Pratteln.

</doc>
<doc id="31090739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090739" title="David Hunt (sailor)">
David Hunt (sailor)

David Hunt (born 22 May 1934) is a British sailor. He won a silver medal in the "Tempest class" with Alan Warren at the 1972 Summer Olympics. 

</doc>
<doc id="31090741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090741" title="Anika (musician)">
Anika (musician)

Anika is a British and German singer-songwriter and political journalist.
Life and career.
Before she began her singing career, Anika was a political journalist who spent her time between Berlin and Bristol, England. She met producer Geoff Barrow (of Portishead), who was looking for a female vocalist to work with his band Beak. Anika joined the band in the studio and recorded nine songs, including a cover of Yoko Ono’s "Yang Yang" in 12 days with no overdubs. The result, "Anika", was released by Barrow’s Invada imprint in Europe and by Stones Throw Records in the U.S. and Japan in October 2010. "Anika" received positive reviews from contemporary critics; according to the music review aggregation of Metacritic, it garnered an average score of 65/100. The album also included covers of "Terry" by Lynn Ripley, "End of the World" by Skeeter Davis, "Masters of War" by Bob Dylan, and "I Go to Sleep" by The Kinks.
Geoff Barrow with editor John Minton directed the promotional music video for Anika's cover of "Yang Yang." The song was later offered as the "Free MP3 of the Day" on Spinner. On her choice to cover the song for her album, Anika explained, "I loved the way the words sounded and as an ex-politics student and political journalist, I thought the song would make a great cover. Yoko Ono is renowned for her political views but I think there was a dark side to the lyrics that the original version had not fully explored. This is where we came in ..." Drowned in Sound included "Yang Yang" on its list "Singles of the Year 2010".
Several of the songs on "Anika" found digital success on iTunes. "End of the World" peaked at number seventy-eight on the iTunes Japan Top 100 Alternative Songs,
while "Yang Yang" peaked at number sixty-four on the iTunes Spain Top 100 Alternative Songs. Anika was chosen by Portishead to perform at the ATP I'll Be Your Mirror festivals that they curated in July 2011 at London's Alexandra Palace and in September 2011 in Asbury Park, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="31090745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090745" title="Samuel Goode (disambiguation)">
Samuel Goode (disambiguation)

Samuel Goode may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31090755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090755" title="Samuel Goode (mayor)">
Samuel Goode (mayor)

Samuel Goode (October 1819 – 26 July 1901) (rhymes with "rude") born in Hampton Charles, Bromyard, Herefordshire, was a mayor of Adelaide, South Australia.
History.
He arrived in South Australia on 24 September 1850 on the "Princess Helena" with his parents Samuel and Mrs. Goode, brothers Matthew (later of Matthew Goode and Co) and Charles Henry (later Sir Charles, founder of Goode, Durrant and Co.), and sister Mrs Marshall. Another brother, Ernest Russell Goode ( – 23 June 1927) was born at Ivingtonbury and emigrated to South Australia.
In England he had worked on his father's farm, but for much of his first seven years in South Australia he worked as a draper with brothers Matthew and Charles as Goode Brothers. In 1857 he returned to England to marry a Miss Russell of Kingsland near Leominster and returned to Adelaide, rejoining his brothers' firm. He returned to Leominster around 1860, where at Ivingtonbury he profitably bred Hereford cattle and served on the Leominster town council. In 1889 he again returned to Adelaide and ran farms near Islington railway station (later the suburbs Regency Park and Kilburn) and at north Norwood. He was elected to the Adelaide City Council and served as mayor from 1863 to 1864. To him fell the honour of laying the foundation stone for the new Town Hall's Albert Tower.
In 1865, he travelled with his wife and children to London on the clipper ship "City of Adelaide" (became the world's oldest surviving clipper ship).
He served as Chief Magistrate for a year. and was a member of the Royal Agricultural and Horticultural Society and its president from 1900 to 1901.
He was a member of the Agriculture Bureau and closely followed the improvements in yield that accompanied scientific use of artificial fertilizers.
Family.
Samuel Goode married Miss Russell, a daughter of E. Russell of Kingsland, Herefordshire, in 1857. Their children included:
He died at his residence "Montpellier" in Hill street, North Adelaide. Two sons and three daughters survived him. They had another property, also called "Montpellier" in Parkside, South Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="31090758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090758" title="David Giles">
David Giles

David Giles may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31090790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090790" title="Alfio Peraboni">
Alfio Peraboni

Alfio Peraboni (8 May 1954 – 11 January 2011) was an Italian competitive sailor and Olympic medalist. He won a bronze medal in the Star class at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow together with Giorgio Gorla, and also a bronze medal at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles. He was born and died in Monza.

</doc>
<doc id="31090803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090803" title="Marion Mathie">
Marion Mathie

External links.
Obituary - The Stage

</doc>
<doc id="31090809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090809" title="Jakub Bąk">
Jakub Bąk

Jakub Bąk (born May 28, 1993 in Rzeszów) is a Polish footballer who plays as a forward for Pogoń Szczecin.
Career.
Club.
He started his career with Stal Rzeszów. He made his debut for Korona Kielce on 5 March 2011 in a 3–1 away defeat to Widzew Łódź.
International.
He is a part of Poland national under-18 football team.

</doc>
<doc id="31090821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090821" title="Personnage Gothique, Oiseau-Eclair">
Personnage Gothique, Oiseau-Eclair

Personnage Gothique, Oiseau-Eclair is a bronze sculpture by Joan Miró.
It was created in 1974, and cast in 1977. It is in the National Gallery of Art Sculpture Garden, Washington, USA.

</doc>
<doc id="31090825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090825" title="Third World Independent Film Festival">
Third World Independent Film Festival

The Third World Independent Film Festival celebrates filmmakers worldwide whose topics deal with issues of the third world. The festival promotes awareness to social issues, helps gain a deeper understanding and greater respect for different cultures, and provides a platform for filmmakers to introduce their films to the broadest possible audience.
The first annual Third World Independent Film Festival took place on September 20–25, 2011.
Mission.
The festival's mission is to bring light to issues, such as poverty, unemployment, human trafficking, war, and water crisis, that were generally only associated to developing nations. Those who implement the festival believe that with today’s global economic collapse, the gap that used to separate third world countries from developed nations has narrowed and these issues are now in the forefront of today’s news worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="31090843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090843" title="Albion Rajkumar Banerjee">
Albion Rajkumar Banerjee

Sir Albion Rajkumar Banerjee CSI CIE (10 October 1871 – d. 25 February 1950) was an Indian civil servant and administrator who served as the Diwan of Cochin from 1907 to 1914, Diwan of Mysore kingdom from 1922 to 1926 and as Prime Minister of Kashmir from 1927 to 1929.
Early life and education.
Albion Banerjee was born in a Bengali Hindu Brahmin family in Bristol on 10 October 1871 to Sasipada Banerji of Baranagar near Calcutta (now Kolkata) and his wife Rajkumari Banerji. He studied at the General Assembly's Institution and graduated from the University of Calcutta and subsequently earned his master's degree at the Balliol College, Oxford.
Career.
Administrative.
He cleared the Indian Civil Service examinations in 1894 and was appointed Assistant Collector and Magistrate in the Madras Presidency.
Political.
Banerjee was appointed Diwan of Cochin in May 1907 and served till 1914. He was responsible for the introduction of "The Cochin State Manual".
Under Diwan Visvesvaraya he joined Mysore as a Minister (Councilors as they were known). After the resignation of Visvesvaraya as Diwan, he became the First Councillor under Diwan M. Kantaraj Urs. But for the ill health of M. Kantaraj Urs, he would have left Mysore service much earlier. But ended up as Diwan as the latter resigned. He served as Diwan of Mysore between 1922–26. Thus he ended in signing the 1924 Cauvery accord.
He was appointed as the Prime Minister of Kashmir in 1927. He resigned from his post in 1929 (being the first and only person to hold that post to do so on moral grounds) following differences with the Dogra monarch on the latter's lavish lifestyle, that was sustained by a poor population. His wrote:

</doc>
<doc id="31090854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090854" title="Franco Cavallo">
Franco Cavallo

Franco Cavallo (born 1932) is an Italian competitive sailor and Olympic medalist. He won a bronze medal in the Star class at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City in team with Camillo Gargano.

</doc>
<doc id="31090870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090870" title="Irish Coffee (band)">
Irish Coffee (band)

Irish Coffee are a hard rock band from Aalst, East Flanders, Belgium, that officially started playing in 1970. They are best remembered for their single "Masterpiece" 
which made it to the Belgian charts. The band's music was a combination of hard rock and blues rock, with searing lead guitar parts and strong vocals. The band broke up in 1975 but reformed in 2002 with a new organist and bassist.
History.
Irish Coffee's origin can be traced back to another band called The VooDoo, which was formed in 1970. 
They played only covers by bands such as Deep Purple, Led Zeppelin, The Who, and The Kinks, in a club called "El Gringo", near Aalst, Belgium. There they met Louis de Vries, manager of The Pebbles, with whom they signed a contract. They changed their name to Irish Coffee, with the band at this time consisting of guitarist and singer William Souffreau, guitarist Jean Van Der Schueren, bassist Willy De Bisschop, keyboard player Paul Lambert and drummer Hugo Verhoye. The band went to Antwerp to record their first single, "Masterpiece" (b/w "The Show"), in an 8-track recording studio. "Masterpiece" achieved success on the Belgian charts, reaching number 5 on "HUMO" magazine's Single National list and was played during concerts and on television shows across Belgium and France. Since they shared the same manager, Irish Coffee played many gigs with The Pebbles, and they also supported well-known bands and artists such as Dr Feelgood, Colosseum, Chris Farlowe, Uriah Heep, Focus, and Chicken Shack, among others.
In 1971 the band's self-titled album was released on Triangle Records, with all the tracks on the LP having been written by Souffreau and Van Der Schueren. In September 1971, a single coupling the songs "Carry On" and "Child" was released, again on Triangle Records, and these songs were later added as bonus tracks to the 1992 reissue of the "Irish Coffee" album on the Voodoo label. The band went on to play so many concerts that Hugo Verhoye decided to leave, and he was replaced by Raf Lenssens before the song "Down Down Down" was released as a single at the end of the year. In the spring of 1973, Jean Van Der Schueren left the band to continue his classical guitar studies, and he was replaced by Luc De Clus, who had been playing guitar since the age of five. In June 1974, "Witchy Lady" (b/w "I'm Hers") was released on the Barclay Records label and received quite a large amount of radio airplay but unfortunately failed to reach the charts.
Break-up.
Along with their involvement with Irish Coffee, Lenssens, Lambert, De Bisschop, and De Clus also backed the singer Wim De Craene, and while returning from one of De Craene's gigs in November 1974, they had a car accident. Paul Lambert died and Lenssens was badly wounded, resulting in the end of Irish Coffee. In 1975, the band changed their name to Joystick with the addition of new keyboard player Luc Coppens but this configuration of the band did not release an album. Some of the recorded Joystick material was included on the "Irish Coffee" reunion album that was released on the Fuzzy label in 2004. In the 1980s, Souffreau did a lot of performances with his cover band Oh Boy, and in 1990 he went solo as a 
singer and songwriter, releasing several albums. At the end of the 1990s, he formed the rockabilly band Blink It and released two albums with that band. Hugo Verhoye and Luc De Clus were both members of Oh Boy and Blink It.
Revival.
In 1992, the former band members released Irish Coffee recordings on CD on their own Voodoo Records label and they played a reunion show on July 9, 1993 in Aalst. The line-up for this concert included Souffreau, Verhoye, and De Clus, along with Geert Maesschalk on bass guitar and Chris Taerwe on keyboards. The reformed band started playing concerts and clubs in 2002 and had new songs by the end of 2003. "Brand New Day" was released as a promotional single in 2004. Their self-titled album was released by Fuzzy Records in 2004, and is dedicated to Paul Lambert.

</doc>
<doc id="31090886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090886" title="Cheval Rouge">
Cheval Rouge

Cheval Rouge is an abstract sculpture by Alexander Calder.
Constructed in 1974 of painted sheet steel, it is at the National Gallery of Art Sculpture Garden.

</doc>
<doc id="31090907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090907" title="Blackbeard in popular culture">
Blackbeard in popular culture

Blackbeard (c. 1680 – 22 November 1718) was a notorious English pirate who operated around the West Indies and the eastern coast of the American colonies during the early 18th century.
Novels.
Tim Powers' historical fiction novel "On Stranger Tides" has Blackbeard searching for the Fountain of Youth in 1718.
In Rick Riordan's novel "", Blackbeard is shown to be stranded on the evil sorceress Circe's island. He, along with his crew, has been turned into a guinea pig. Annabeth and Percy turn them back to human and also escape with his ship, The "Queen Anne's Revenge". Here Blackbeard is shown to be a son of Ares.
Blackbeard makes an appearance in Neal Stephenson's "The System of the World".
A younger Blackbeard appears in Wayne Thomas Batson's "Isle of Fire" as the new quartermaster of notorious pirate captain Bartholomew Thorne.
Film.
The 1952 film "Blackbeard the pirate", starring Robert Newton in the title role, and directed by Raoul Walsh
The 1960 film "The Boy and the Pirates", starring Murvyn Vye as Blackbeard
The 1968 film "Blackbeard's Ghost", starring Peter Ustinov in the title role, based on a novel by Ben Stahl.
The 2011 film "", adapted from Powers' novel, features Ian McShane as Blackbeard, the film's antagonist, who somehow survived the battle at Ocracoke Island with the help of his quarter master who has foreseen his fate. This Blackbeard is a master of black arts and wields a sword with supernatural powers which allows him to make his ship come alive to attack his foes. He is also described by Jack Sparrow as "the pirate that all pirates fear". He seeks the Fountain of Youth so that he can redeem his soul and escape his prophesied death.
Hugh Jackman will be portraying Blackbeard in the upcoming film "Pan".
Comics and manga.
In the popular Japanese manga and anime "One Piece" two characters are named after the famous pirate — major antagonist Marshall D. Teach, who goes by the nickname Blackbeard, and his former captain Edward Newgate, who goes by the nickname Whitebeard. Teach fled the crew after killing Thatch (an alias for the real-life Blackbeard), and then would go on to kill Captain Whitebeard after insinuating a war between the Whitebeard pirates and the Marines by arresting on behalf of the Marines one of Whitebeard's division captains, Portgas D. Ace.
Blackbeard was also an antagonist in the Belgian comics series "Vieux Nick et Barbe-Noire" by Marcel Remacle.
In a Shazam comic Blackbeard was one of six American villains brought back to life by evil scientist Doctor Sivana to cause chaos in Pittsburgh. He is defeated and like the other villains sent back.

</doc>
<doc id="31090909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090909" title="China Medal (German Empire)">
China Medal (German Empire)

The China Medal ("China-Denkmünze"), was a medal of the German Empire. It was established on 10 May 1901 by Kaiser Wilhelm II, in his capacity as King of Prussia and German Kaiser. There were two versions of the medal one in bronze and a variant in steel. The bronze medal was a reward for service by German troops and civilians during the Boxer Rebellion. The steel medal was awarded to people contributing to the war effort at home and the sailors of the merchant fleet transporting the soldiers to China.
The initial design came from Wilhelm II himself and was executed by professor Walter Schott. The medals were produced by the company Mayer & Wilhelm in Stuttgart.
There were also 14 medal clips awarded for involvement in battles.

</doc>
<doc id="31090913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090913" title="Antonio Ciciliano">
Antonio Ciciliano

Antonio Ciciliano (born 1932) is an Italian competitive sailor and Olympic medalist. He won a bronze medal in the Dragon class at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="31090915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090915" title="Public utilities of Mymensingh">
Public utilities of Mymensingh

The Public utilities of Mymensingh, Bangladesh:
Electricity.
The town had its own power generation system which was established in pre-partition India. The powerplant called Bati Kall was situated near the District Court and generated DC electricity using petroleum. Toward the end of the 1960s, Mymensingh was connected to the national power supply grid with a distribution station at Kewatkhali. There is no more DC power. AC power of 220 voltage is supplied. Mymensingh Railway Junction had its own power generation system since early 20th century which was shut down in the 1970s.
But now, a 60MW powerplant is established at Kewatkhali.
Recently Rural power co. ltd established a 210 MW ( 4 gas turbine 35 mW and one 70 mW steam turbine) combine cycle power plant besides the Brammaputra river at shamvuganj.
Internet Service.
The major ISP in city named Millennium Computer and Networks (MCN) is providing citywide high speed internet service through optical fiber. There are some free Wi-Fi hotspots here. People can access internet from those spots for free of charge. Hot spots are provided by Millennium Computer and Networks, Banglalion Wimax, Green Wireless. Green Wireless is providing Wi-Fi based internet access now-a-days; The hotspot is a little bit far from the main city.
On the other hand Banglalion Wimax(4G), Grameenphone (3.9G HSDPA+), Citycell (CDMA), Robi (3.9G HSDPA+), Banglalink (3.9G HSDPA+), Airtel (EDGE), Tel-E-Talk (3.9G HSDPA+) are providing high-speed internet for people via Mobile Network.
Water supply.
Maharaja Surya Kanta Acharya established Mymensingh Water Works, which is the first water supply system of the city. He erected this overhead water reservoir in memory of his wife Raj Rajeswari Dedi. Remnants of the waterworks with its purifying and filtering system can still be seen on the Brahmaputra, near the Radhasundari School. One overhead water reservoir still stand at the Ganginarpar crossing. An underground water distribution system was laid subsequently. Also, hydrants were posted in different places to help the pedestrians. However, hydrants were the source of pure water for all since connection to individual houses did not take place till the 1960s. Till the 1960s a lot of people would go to the nearby ponds for taking a bath and many houses had sunken wells to collect underground water.
The Raj Rajeswari water works which is open air water treatment plant is now a day heritage is destroyed by land grovers and lost also current potentials of operations of this plant.
Telecommunication.
The national access code of Mymensingh is 091. The digital telephone exchange of Mymensingh was set up in 2001. It was upgraded in 2008 with a capacity of 20 thousand telephone connections.
Public Call Office.
The only Public Call Office or PCO was situated near the Kachari mosque, close to the Women's Teachers Training College. Towards the end of the 1990s, a number of privately owned call centers sprouted all over the city to cater to the needs to the people. Since 2000, most of these call centers use mobile phone service.
Gas supply.
Mymensingh was connected to national gas distribution network in 1996. But most people still use kerosene stove or firewood oven. Also many kitchens run on liquefied petroleum gas available in steel bottles.
Postal service.
The head post office is situated near the court buildings. There is a night post office near Swadeshi Bazaar. The outgoing postal items are handled by what is called Railway Mail Service, RMS in short, a post office situated just outside Mymensingh Junction. The postman wears a khaki uniform and carries letters in a leather bag. He walks from door to door. The houses are either without any number or the numbers are not organized in a serial order. Most houses have no letter box. The postman knocks the door and makes hand-deliveries.
Roadways.
The city is well connected with a road network. However, most of the streets are narrow and driving car is difficult. The concrete roads built up in the 1960s have proved to be good enough to survive next forty years. But other roads are topped with tar and in absence of regular maintenance, coupled with heavy rains potholes and ditches are a common feature. Roads of the city are owned and maintained by the Pourashava. The spinal road of the town stretches from the Town Hall area to the Railway station.
It was initial situation but as the city is gradually enlarging, the length of busy road is greatly increasing. Town service is running but the city population never get the chance to get in the bus as the number of buses is inadequate and bus actually runs between peripheral Upazilas.
Street lamps.
Street lamps often define built-up area of a city. Before electricity was available, street lamps were set up by the Pourashava. These were decorative iron posts about 7 to 10 feet tall with a shade for putting the lamp at the top. A light man would come in the evening with a ladder and ignite the lamps. The feeble lamps mystified the environment more than removing darkness. They were replaced by electric bulbs hanging from the light posts during the 1950s and 1960s.
Mymensingh Pourashava.
The city governance organization is called Mymensingh Pourashava which comprises elected members, supported with government officials. The head of the Pourashava is called Chairman who is assisted by Ward Members. The Mymensingh Pourashava was first established in the year 1859 by Maharaja Surya Kanta Acharya Mymensingh Municipality and as Mymensingh Municipal Committee in 1960. The Mymensingh Municipal Committee was replaced by a Pourashava in 1972 after the independence of Bangladesh. Mymensingh Pourashava covers an area of 21.73 km2. with a population of 188713. It consists of seventeen Mauzas comprising seven wards. The mauzas are Mymensingh town, Balashpur, Bhatikasar, Krishnapur, Sehara, Gopalkandi, Kasar, Golganda, Maskanda, Dholadia, Keatkhali, Chak Chatrapur, Rakta, Akua(part), Chhatrapur (part), Boyra Bhaluka (part) and Khagdahar (part).
Government agencies.
There are many government offices as well as regional offices of private companies located here, including banks, a jute mill, a rice mill, and a power plant (RPCL). The main government office is the office of the Deputy Commissioner. Many government offices have established regional offices in Mymensingh since the 1980s. Local government is known as Mymensingh Zilla Parishad (Tr. Mymensingh District Council) which is effectively a government organization with the Deputy Commissioner as the chief executive.
Law and order.
The headquarters of Mymensingh zone of Bangladesh Police is situated near the office of the Deputy Commissioner. The chief of the office is called Superintendent of Police, close to the Brahmaputra. Local law and order is the responsibility of Police Stations and Police Fari (post). Police has a traffic section entrusted to control the traffic of the city. Officer in charge of a police station is commonly referred to as OC (officer-in-charge) who is often regarded as the most powerful person since can he can arrest a person, held him custody, prosecute in the court or even release him on bail if he so wishes. The second officer is often referred to as "Daroga" and more often seen around with some constables. The police residential area is called Police Line which is situated on the outskirts along the Mymensingh-Tangail Road near the residence of the District Judge.
Revenue collection.
Net contribution of Mymensingh to national revenue is traditionally poor for high cost of collection of land revenue. Tahshilders visit the landlords once year serving the demand note which is the tax assessment notice. When industrialization started in the 1960s, some excises were collected. The collection of Business Turnover Tax (BTT) and its successor Value Added Tax (VAT) from remains insignificant because of predominance of small size business. Revenue (VAT) from handmade cigarette called Birhi (Bidi) still predominates.
Judiciary.
Land litigation is the main category of cases faced by the judiciary. Justice is dispensed by the District Judge's Court and its subordinate courts. The District Judge is the chief of the district judiciary. Annada Shankar Ray served as the 32nd District Judge of Mymensingh from 14 January 1946 to 3 October 1946. Courts are situated around the District Collectorate. The head of civil administration, that is, the Deputy Commissioner functions as the District Magistrate, and Magistrate Courts are supervised by him. In 2008, Magistrates Courts were put under the control of the District Judge. It is amusing to note that government did not want that the judges socialize and thereby get influenced. To limit their movement, they were not provided a motor car although in terms of rank they were no less than the Deputy Magistrate, the top bureaucrat of the district. Even in the 1950s the District Judge would come to the court riding bicycle from his residence which is about 5 kilometers away near the Police Line. It is in the 1980s that the government under president Ershad sanctioned a car for the district judges.
Circuit House.
The Circuit House was built up to accommodate the Circuit bench of the High Court which was occasionally sit in Mymensingh to dispense with appeal cases and decide writ petitions. A nicely built one story building with red color, it has a number of spacious rooms decorated with old paintings. It is the de facto hotel for the government officials and dignitaries since the 1950s. It was expanded in the 1990s.
Officers' Club.
The first Officers' Club was established in the British era on the college Road near the Muslim Balika Bidyalaya. A posh club with a lawn tennis court and bar, in addition to other recreational facilities, was established in the 1960s behind the residence of the Deputy Commissioner, near the park on the Brahmaputra.

</doc>
<doc id="31090920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090920" title="Fatma Al-Nabhani">
Fatma Al-Nabhani

Fatma Al-Nabhani (; born 20 May 1991) is a professional Omani female tennis player, of native ethnic Arab origin, and member of the Oman Fed Cup team. On 4 October 2010, she reached her highest WTA singles ranking of 362 whilst her best doubles ranking was 252 on 18 November 2013.
Personal life.
Fatma enjoys fishing and socializing with people. Her mother, Hadia Mohammed Mustafa, is also her tennis coach. Her father is Talib Al-Nabhani and she has two brothers, Mohammed and Khalid; both of whom are older than Fatma and have played tennis as well. Fatma started playing tennis at the age of 4.
Career.
In 2013 Al-Nabhani received a wild card into the Qatar Open. She lost in the first round to Caroline Garcia.

</doc>
<doc id="31090942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090942" title="Barasat Junction railway station">
Barasat Junction railway station

Barasat Junction railway station (Bengali:বারাসত জংশন) is the primary rail hub in the city of Barasat and one of the major suburban city railway stations within the district of Kolkata. Generally, the people commuting daily use this station for travelling to the city centre or other cities, with the busiest times at the station being the morning and evening peak periods.
Recently, the government-owned Indian Railways corporation approved a proposal for an underground metro railway station connecting Barasat Junction to Dum Dum metro station. The construction of the project has started on October 2011.
Structure.
A reservations counter for booking long distance railway tickets is open in the early morning, operating from the main ticket counter at the junction. Two smart card booths are operational for ticket purchasing through the use computerised smart cards.
A railway car shade forms a part of the station's overall structure, having been designed to cover two trains for rail engine and car maintenance.
Barasat Basirhat Railway.
Barasat Basirhat Railway (BBR) was a 2 ft 6 in (762 mm) gauge railway line started by Martin & Co. in 1914 as part of their wide network of narrow gauge operations under the name of Martin's Light Railways. The line connected the two towns of Barasat and Basirhat near Calcutta (now Kolkata), in West Bengal, India. The line was closed in 1955, after Indian independence (in 1947), when all privately run lines were taken over by the government or were closed. BBR got a fresh lease of life when Indian Railways placed the line under its Eastern Railways zone, Sealdah division and converted the route partly to broad gauge in 1962. Later on, this route was fully restored to 5 ft 6 in (1,676 mm) (Indian gauge) and local trains started using the route.
Metro Railway Kolkata expansion plan.
Extension plan from Noapara to Barasat:
Up the track from Noapara to Barasat, the proposed extension alignment would be elevated and pass through Ramakrishna Palli, and Santinagar stations where the down track would pass through DumDum Cantt, and Jessore road before meeting with the Up line at Biman Bandar station. From there, both the up and down lines would run parallel along NH 34 until the junction of Nawali Khal with NH 34 and descent gradually over Nawali Khal and descend gradually over Nawali khal before reaching the surface short of Madhyam Gram station. From Madhyam Gram to Barasat the alignment would be on the surface. However, for crossing the existing Road Over Bridge at Madhyam Gram and Barasat, the alignment would descend gradually to ground level and rise again on viaduct. This will beneficial for the people of North 24 Parganas and will bring them closer to Kolkata's Business district. This would reduce the heavy pressure on Sealdah–Barasat section of Eastern Railway.
End of the road for Dum Dum–Barasat metro extension:
Work for the Dum Dum–Barasat (via NSC Bose Airport) metro extension has come to a halt as construction giant L&T has pulled out of the 20 km metro corridor project. L&T was unable to get on with the work thanks to encroachment on railway land.
L&T has moved out all major equipment from the project site at Barasat and has closed down two of the three site offices. The lone site office is under locked.

</doc>
<doc id="31090945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090945" title="Glen Foster">
Glen Foster

Glen Foster (August 14, 1930 - October 1, 1999) is an American sailor. He won a bronze medal in the "Tempest class" with Peter Dean at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="31090947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090947" title="Dina Zaman">
Dina Zaman

Dina Zaman (born 1969, Kuala Lumpur) is a Malaysian writer whose works have been published in the media.
Life.
Dina Zaman's childhood was spent in Japan, Russia and other countries. She studied mass cummunication and creative writing at Western Michigan University and Lancaster University respectively. In 2007 a collection of her columns for the online newspaper Malaysiakini.com was published in book form as "I am Muslim".
She has recently published a collection of short stories, titled, 'King of The Sea' (Silverfish Books, 2012).
She is now working on her second non-fiction book, "Holy Men, Holy Women". The work in progress is serialised in The Malaysian Insider. The book seeks and will showcase people of faiths in Malaysia.
Dina Zaman has extensive experience in public relations and the media industry, as a consultant as well as personality. She has worked on campaigns and events, and worked over the years as a volunteer for NGOs.
She is also an award-winning writer of non-fiction, fiction and poetry. She has had media presence locally and abroad as a columnist since 1994 and commentator of current affairs since 2005. She has been quoted in the BBC and interviewed on Everywoman, a women’s programme on Al Jazeera. She has helmed three columns: Off Our Backs (The Sun, Malaysia in 1995), Dina’s Dalca (New Straits Time, 1996 to 1998) and I Am Muslim (www.malaysiakini.com, 2005 to 2006), which is now a book published by Silverfish Books. Her book is now a bestseller at Borders and Kinokuniya bookstores. Her latest book, King of The Sea, is longlisted for the Frank O’Connor Short Story Award. She contributes to The Malaysian Insider and The Star. She writes on religion, society and lifestyle issues, and is known to inject ‘a sense of humour’ in her writing.
She is a recent recipient of the API Senior Fellowship and will be based in Jogjakarta and Thailand by the end of 2012. She was also the recipient of the British High Commissioner Chevening Award in 1998 and came home to Malaysia in 1999 with an MA in Creative Writing from Lancaster University.

</doc>
<doc id="31090988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090988" title="Peter Dean (sailor)">
Peter Dean (sailor)

Peter Dean (born March 6, 1951) is an American sailor. He won a bronze medal in the "Tempest class" with Glen Foster at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="31090994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31090994" title="2010–11 Florida State Seminoles men's basketball team">
2010–11 Florida State Seminoles men's basketball team

The 2010–11 Florida State Seminoles men's basketball team represented Florida State University during the 2010–11 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Seminoles, led by 9th year head coach Leonard Hamilton, played their home games at the Donald L. Tucker Center and are members of the Atlantic Coast Conference. They finished the season 23–11, 11–5 in ACC play and lost in the quarterfinals of the 2011 ACC Men's Basketball Tournament to Virginia Tech. They received an at-large bid in the 2011 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament where they defeated Texas A&M in the second round and Notre Dame in the third round to advance to the "Sweet Sixteen" where they were defeated by Virginia Commonwealth.
Schedule.
!colspan=9| Exhibition
!colspan=9| Regular Season
!colspan=9| ACC Tournament
!colspan=9| NCAA Tournament †

</doc>
<doc id="31091026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091026" title="The Trespassers">
The Trespassers

The Trespassers is a 1976 film directed by John Duigan. It stars Judy Morris and Briony Behets.
Plot.
In 1970, political journalist Richard lives with Penny but is having an affair with actress Dee. The two woman meet and become friends.
Production.
$70,000 of the budget came from the Australian Film Commission. The film was shot in Melbourne and in south Gippsland in late winter of 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="31091027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091027" title="George Petalotis">
George Petalotis

George S. Petalotis (, born 11 March 1964 in Komotini, Greece) is a Greek politician of the Panhellenic Socialist Movement and the current Deputy Minister for Justice, Transparency and Human Rights.
Life.
Petalotis graduated from the Law School of the Aristotle University of Thessaloniki. He continued his studies in the Law School of the Democritus University of Thrace, obtaining a Ph.D. in Penal and Criminal Science.
He completed his academic studies in the University of Heidelberg, Germany, with a Major of Sciences in Legal Terminology, Language and Culture.
In 1993, Petalotis became a member of the bar association of the Rhodope Prefecture, and was elected as the body's president in 1998. He remained active until 2002, when he quit his position to undertake responsibilities in the coordinating committee of the plenary of presidents of the bar associations of Greece. In 2005, he was re-elected as a president of the bar association of the Rhodope Prefecture.
Petalotis was the first correspondent of the Greek Council for Refugees, in cooperation with the corresponding United Nations High Commission for Refugees.
In 2007, Petalotis was elected to represent the Rhodope constituency in the Hellenic Parliament. After the 2009 election, Petalotis was appointed Deputy Minister to the Prime Minister and Government Spokesman.

</doc>
<doc id="31091031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091031" title="Graham Mann">
Graham Mann

Graham Mann (1924 – 2000) was a British competitive sailor and Olympic medalist. He won a bronze medal in the Dragon class at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne, together with Ronald Backus and Jonathan Janson.

</doc>
<doc id="31091048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091048" title="List of universities and schools in Mymensingh">
List of universities and schools in Mymensingh

Here is a list of the educational institutions of Mymensingh city, Bangladesh. The number registered has increased since the 1990s in proportion with the rising population.

</doc>
<doc id="31091062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091062" title="Ronald Backus">
Ronald Backus

Ronald Backus (born 28 March 1922) is a British competitive sailor and Olympic medalist. He won a bronze medal in the Dragon class at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne, together with Graham Mann and Jonathan Janson.

</doc>
<doc id="31091077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091077" title="Mouth to Mouth (1978 film)">
Mouth to Mouth (1978 film)

Mouth to Mouth is a 1978 film directed by John Duigan. It stars Kim Krejus and Sonia Peat. It was nominated for three awards by the Australian Film Institute in 1978.
The film was shot over four weeks in June and July 1977.
Duigan later described it as "in my early period of film-making in Melbourne, the film that I value most. I feel it is closest to what I set out for - and probably was the first film that I got close to achieving what I set out to do."
Plot.
Mouth to Mouth follows the lives of four young people, trying to improve their lives in a harsh and unforgiving city.
One night, after a fight with other inmates in a juvenile detention centre, Carrie and Jeanie escape and hide from the police in a derelict factory. Finding work in a roadside cafe, they meet Tim and Serge, two young country guys who have come to the city looking for work. After an eventful first night together, the girls invite the two boys to stay on with them in the old factory.
While Serge and Tim look for a job, the girls supplement the boy’s dole cheques through petty theft from shops and supermarkets. Over time, the four become increasingly close, and manage to make a communal home together in the derelict factory. Carrie’s ambitions for a better future place increasing strains on their friendship.
Home Media.
"Mouth to Mouth" was released on DVD with a new print by Umbrella Entertainment in June 2012. This DVD is compatible with all region codes and includes special features such as the theatrical trailer and interviews with John Duigan, Kim Krejus, Sonia Peat, Ian Gilmour and Tom Cowan.

</doc>
<doc id="31091079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091079" title="Greenwood Memorial Park (San Diego)">
Greenwood Memorial Park (San Diego)

Greenwood Memorial Park is a cemetery located on county-owned land at 4300 Imperial Avenue in San Diego County, California. The cemetery is adjacent to Mount Hope Cemetery.
Opened in 1908, Greenwood covers approximately five miles east of Downtown San Diego. The cemetery is an example of a Rural cemetery, incorporating architecture, art, and landscaping into its design.

</doc>
<doc id="31091089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091089" title="Ypsilanti Food Co-op">
Ypsilanti Food Co-op

The Ypsilanti Food Co-op is a food cooperative located in Ypsilanti, Michigan. Located in historic Depot Town, it is Michigan's only solar-powered grocery store. Also owned by the Co-op is the River Street Bakery, which features the only wood-fired brick oven in commercial use in Washtenaw County. The Ypsilanti Food Co-op, in turn, is owned by its membership and governed by its Board of Directors. The shared building also is home to two beehives that are part of the Local Honey Project, managed by members, and they live in the adjacent called "Honeybee Alley".
The Co-op is a member of the National Cooperative Grocers Association. It is Ypsilanti's primary host of events concerning sustainability, ecology, and food-related issues; in addition, it is a sponsor of and promotes external activities such as Ypsilanti's farmers' markets and other local-food initiatives. The Co-op provides card-reader services for both Ypsilanti farmers' markets, allowing all vendors to accept payment by credit card, as well as EBT/Snap cards.
History.
The Ypsilanti Food Co-op was founded in 1975 on Sheridan St between Elm and Oakwood and is now located at 312 N. River Street in Ypsilanti's Depot Town neighborhood. The Mill Works Building, in which the co-op resides, was originally a foundry that made wheels for grinding flour.
Structure and governance.
Food cooperative.
As a cooperative, the Ypsilanti Food Co-op follows the 7 Cooperative Principles and offers natural foods, with an emphasis on organic and locally-grown and -made produce and groceries. Unlike a common corporation, decisions about how to run the Ypsilanti Food Co-op are not made by outside shareholders, and it is therefore able to manifest a higher degree of social responsibility than its corporate analogues. Much of the revenue made by the Co-op is returned to its local economy.
Ownership.
The Co-op is owned by its members, of which there are approximately 1000; it is directed by its general manager, who is in turn overseen by the Co-op's Board of Directors. Co-op members receive a discount on retail items purchased in the store; an additional discount may be earned by members who choose to volunteer labor in or on behalf of the store.
Board of directors.
The Board of Directors has seven members, elected to two-year terms by Co-op members. The Ypsilanti Food Co-op's Board meets at least monthly, and is charged with the oversight of Co-op policy, governance, and overall vision.
Staff.
A paid staff of approximately forty is employed by the Co-op, with assistance from numerous member-volunteers.

</doc>
<doc id="31091094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091094" title="Jonathan Janson (sailor)">
Jonathan Janson (sailor)

Jonathan Janson (born 5 October 1930) is a British competitive sailor and Olympic medalist. He was born in Chelsea. He won a bronze medal in the Dragon class at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne, together with Graham Mann and Ronald Backus.

</doc>
<doc id="31091116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091116" title="The Journey of August King">
The Journey of August King

The Journey of August King is a 1996 American drama film directed by John Duigan. It stars Jason Patric and Thandie Newton

</doc>
<doc id="31091121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091121" title="Leicester South by-election, 2011">
Leicester South by-election, 2011

The Leicester South by-election was held to elect a Member of Parliament (MP) of the United Kingdom for the Leicester South constituency on 5 May 2011. It was prompted by the resignation of Sir Peter Soulsby of the Labour Party, who stood down from Parliament to contest the election for Mayor of Leicester. Soulsby was appointed Crown Steward and Bailiff of the Manor of Northstead on 1 April 2011, and the writ for a new election was issued on 5 April. The election was won by Labour Party candidate Jon Ashworth.
All registered Parliamentary electors (i.e. British, Irish and Commonwealth citizens living in the UK and British citizens living overseas) who were aged 18 or over on 5 May 2011 were entitled to vote in the by-election. The deadline for voters to register to vote in the by-election was midnight on Thursday 14 April 2011. However, those who qualified as an anonymous elector had until midnight on Tuesday 26 April 2011 to register to vote.
Background.
Leicester South was very narrowly won by the Conservatives in 1983, and gained by Labour in the 1987 general election. After the death of Labour MP Jim Marshall, a 2004 by-election was held in June 2004 at which the Liberal Democrats gained the seat. At the general election in May 2005, Soulsby regained the seat for Labour; he increased his majority at the 2010 general election.
As a former Leader of Leicester City Council, Soulsby put his name forward for selection as the Labour Party candidate for the directly elected Mayoralty of Leicester after the city council voted to adopt a new leadership structure. In standing for selection he indicated that he would vacate his Parliamentary seat if selected. When Soulsby won the selection he immediately announced that he would indeed resign his seat. On 1 April 2011 the Chancellor of the Exchequer appointed Soulsby as Crown Steward and Bailiff of the Manor of Northstead, formally vacating the seat. On 5 April, the Labour chief whip Rosie Winterton moved the motion to issue a writ for a new election.
Candidates.
Leicester City Council confirmed the list of candidates on 14 April 2011. With only 5 candidates, the election has the shortest by-election ballot paper since the 2005 Cheadle by-election.
There was a wide interest in the Labour selection. One local councillor, Rory Palmer, entered the contest but subsequently withdrew, having accepted the offer of becoming Soulsby's deputy. The official shortlist of five candidates was confirmed on 18 March and included three Leicester City councillors, Patrick Kitterick (who was also Chair of Leicester South Constituency Labour Party), Mian Mayat and Neil Clayton, together with Jonathan Ashworth, a former advisor to Gordon Brown and current Head of Party Relations, and Josephine Channer, a councillor in the London Borough of Barking and Dagenham. On 19 March, local Labour Party members selected Jon Ashworth, who won 106 votes out of 153 cast on the first ballot.
Former Liberal Democrat MP for the constituency Parmjit Singh Gill was initially selected as the party's candidate on 18 March. On 23 March, he withdrew from the candidacy saying that he wanted to concentrate on his position as a Leicester City Councillor; he was immediately replaced as candidate by Zuffar Haq.
On 15 March 2011, the United Kingdom Independence Party selected Abhijit Pandya, a former Leicester South resident and alumnus of the University of Leicester, as their party's candidate.
On 26 March, the Conservatives selected Jane Hunt as their candidate. She contested the Leicester East constituency at the General Election.
Result.
Labour retained the seat with an increased majority. 

</doc>
<doc id="31091135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091135" title="Get You">
Get You

"Get You" is a song performed by Russian pop singer Alex Vorobyov who represented his country at the first semi-final of the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 held in Düsseldorf, Germany on May 10, 2011. He qualified through to the final that took place on May 14, 2011, finishing at the 16th place. It was produced by Moroccan producer Nadir Khayat (RedOne).
The song was presented on March 12, 2011 on Channel One's Fabrika Zvyozd.

</doc>
<doc id="31091148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091148" title="Commando Squadron (Bahamas)">
Commando Squadron (Bahamas)

Commando Squadron is an elite special force within the Commonwealth of the Bahamas.It is located within the Royal Bahamas Defence Force. It is composed of 150 officers equipped with only light weapons. Weapons they use include:

</doc>
<doc id="31091153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091153" title="Jonathan Richards (sailor)">
Jonathan Richards (sailor)

Jonathan Richards (born 1954) is a British competitive sailor and Olympic medalist. He won a bronze medal in the Flying Dutchman class at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, together with Peter Allam.

</doc>
<doc id="31091179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091179" title="Greenwood Memorial Park">
Greenwood Memorial Park

Greenwood Memorial Park may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31091188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091188" title="Peter Allam">
Peter Allam

Peter Allam (born 1959) is a British competitive sailor and Olympic medalist. He won a bronze medal in the Flying Dutchman class at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, together with Jonathan Richards.

</doc>
<doc id="31091194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091194" title="Stellan Westerdahl">
Stellan Westerdahl

Stellan Westerdahl (born 10 November 1935) is a Swedish sailor. He won a silver medal in the "star class" at the 1972 Summer Olympics with Pelle Pettersson.

</doc>
<doc id="31091195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091195" title="Shambhuganj">
Shambhuganj

Shambhuganj is an area of Mymensingh, Bangladesh. It is situated on the other side of the Brahmaputra, connected by the Shambhugani Bridge. Roadways to places like Kishoreganj and Netrokona follow through Shambhuganj. 
Educational institutes of Shumbhuganj.
Shambhuganj has many primary schools, high schools, colleges and madrasas.

</doc>
<doc id="31091206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091206" title="Shutter Island (disambiguation)">
Shutter Island (disambiguation)

Shutter Island may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31091207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091207" title="Nesbitt, Minnesota">
Nesbitt, Minnesota

Nesbitt was a borough in Eden Prairie and Shakopee, Minnesota.
Its borders are:
Route 169 and Spencer St South,
Anderson Lakes Pkwy, Bloomington Ferry Rd and Route 169 to the North,
Dell Rd to the West,
Route 169 to the East.
It is named for Nesbitt Park in Northern Eden Prairie.
It dissolved back into Eden Prairie on May 2, 2011

</doc>
<doc id="31091220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091220" title="Cañon City Daily Record">
Cañon City Daily Record

Cañon City Daily Record is a daily newspaper published in Cañon City, Colorado. It carries local, regional, national and World news. It is owned by Prairie Mountain Publishing, a subsidiary of MediaNews Group, who purchased the paper in 2011.
History.
The Cañon City Daily Record was acquired in 1978 by Ed and Ruth Lehman, who had previously bought the Longmont Times-Call (1957) and the Loveland Reporter-Herald (1967). Lehman Communication was continued by the next generation of the Lehman family. The newspaper group was expanded with the Erie Review, Lafayette News, Louisville Times and Superior Observer that were combined into the Colorado Hometown Weekly.
Prairie Mountain Publishing acquired Lehman Communication in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31091228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091228" title="Kung Fu Master (film)">
Kung Fu Master (film)

Kung Fu Master is a 1988 French drama film directed by Agnès Varda. It was entered into the 38th Berlin International Film Festival. In the U.S. it was retitled "Le Petit Amour".

</doc>
<doc id="31091232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091232" title="Richard Strachan (athlete)">
Richard Strachan (athlete)

Richard Strachan (born 18 November 1986) is a British athlete who competes in the 200 metres and 400 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="31091235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091235" title="Arista Records LLC v. Lime Group LLC">
Arista Records LLC v. Lime Group LLC

Arista Records LLC v. Lime Group LLC, 715 F. Supp. 2d 481 (2010), is a United States district court case in which the Southern District of New York held that Lime Group LLC, the defendant, induced copyright infringement with its peer-to-peer file sharing software, LimeWire. The court issued a permanent injunction to shut it down. The lawsuit is a part of a larger campaign against piracy by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
Background.
LimeWire LLC was founded in June 2000 and released its software program, LimeWire, the following August. LimeWire was widely used; in 2006, when the lawsuit was filed, it had almost 4 million users per day.
LimeWire is a program that uses peer-to-peer (P2P) file sharing technology, which permits users to share digital files via an Internet-based network known as Gnutella, most of which were MP3 files containing copyrighted audio recordings. An expert report presented during the trial found, in a random sample of files available on LimeWire, that 93% were protected by copyright. These files were distributed, published, and copied by LimeWire users without authorization from the copyright owners, potentially competing with the recording companies' own sale of the music.
Thirteen major recording companies led by Arista Records sued LimeWire LLC, Lime Group LLC, Mark Gorton, Greg Bildson, and M.J.G. LimeWire Family Limited Partnership for copyright infringement. LimeWire filed antitrust counterclaims against the plaintiffs and ancillary counterclaims for conspiracy in restraint of trade, deceptive trade practices, and tortious interference with prospective business relations, all dismissed by the court in 2007.
The recording companies alleged that the software is used to obtain and share unauthorized copies, and that LimeWire facilitated this copyright infringement by distributing and maintaining the software. They claimed that LimeWire was liable for:
Opinion of the court.
On 11 May 2010, Judge Kimba Wood granted the RIAA's motion for summary judgment, finding LimeWire liable for inducement of copyright infringement, common law copyright infringement and unfair competition as to the plaintiffs’ pre-1978 copyrighted works. The court amended its opinion and court order on 25 May 2010.
Because all persons and corporations who participate in, exercise control over or benefit from an infringement are jointly and severally liable as copyright infringers, all claims of copyright infringement were equally applicable against Lime Group LLC and Mark Gorton, as sole executive director. The claims against Bildson, a former employee, were dropped in exchange for providing factual information about LimeWire and payment of a settlement. The court did not settle the fraudulent conveyance claim against M.J.G. LimeWire Family Limited Partnership under summary judgment, due to a genuine issue of fact.
Secondary liability.
The RIAA based their infringement claims on theories of secondary liability, which may be imposed on a party that has not directly infringed a copyright, but has nonetheless played a significant role. A party that distributes infringement-enabling products or services may facilitate direct infringement on a massive scale, making effective enforcement for the copyright owner illusory.
The court established the prerequiste of direct infringement, supported by expert testimony which estimated that 98.8% of the files requested for download through LimeWire were copyright-protected and not authorized for free distribution.
Inducement.
To establish a claim for inducement, the RIAA had to show that LimeWire, by distributing and maintaining LimeWire, engaged in purposeful conduct that encouraged copyright infringement with intent to do so. Applying the inducement doctrine as announced by the Supreme Court in 2005 in "MGM Studios, Inc. v. Grokster, Ltd.", the court found overwhelming evidence of LimeWire's purposeful conduct fostered infringement. It established intent to encourage infringement by distributing LimeWire through the following factors:
The court said that LimeWire's electronic notice asking users to affirm that they were not using it for copyright infringement, did not constitute any meaningful effort to mitigate infringement. In 2006, LimeWire had implemented an optional hash-based filter capable of identifying a digital file with copyrighted content and blocking a user from downloading the file, but the court did not consider this a sufficient barrier. It found inducement, noting that failure to utilize existing technology to create meaningful barriers against infringement is a strong indicator of intent.
Contributory copyright infringement.
The parties also cross-moved for summary judgment on the claim that LimeWire was secondarily liable for contributory copyright infringement because it materially contributed to the infringement committed by users. Unlike an inducement claim, a claim for contributory infringement does not require a show of intent, rather it must show that the defendant 1) had actual or constructive knowledge of the activity, and 2) encouraged or assisted others' infringement or provided machinery or goods that facilitated infringement. A joint amicus curiae brief was submitted by the Electronic Frontier Foundation and a coalition of consumers and industry urging the court to apply the law in a manner that would not chill technological innovation. In particular, the brief urged the court to preserve the "Sony Betamax" doctrine developed in "Sony Corp. of America v. Universal City Studios, Inc.", which protects developers of technologies capable of "substantial noninfringing uses" from contributory infringement liability. The court declined to rule on this point of law because the case lacked enough facts to determine whether or not the software was actually capable of substantial noninfringing uses.
Vicarious copyright infringement.
LimeWire also moved for summary judgment on the claim that it was vicariously liable for copyright infringement. Vicarious liability occurs when a defendant profits from direct infringement, yet declines to stop it. The court found substantial evidence that LimeWire had the right and ability to limit the use of its product for infringing purposes, including by implementing filtering, denying access, and by supervising and regulating users, none of which were exercised. Furthermore, the court found that LimeWire possessed a direct financial interest in the infringing activity, that its revenue was based on advertising and increased sales of LimeWire Pro, both consequences of its ability to attract infringing users. The court denied LimeWire's motion.
Common law copyright infringement and unfair competition.
The parties cross-moved for summary judgment on the claim of common law copyright infringement and unfair competition. The claim was included because federal copyright law does not cover sound recordings made prior to 1972. The elements for finding inducement for copyright infringement are, as under federal law: direct infringement, purposeful conduct, and intent. The court found these established on the previously introduced evidence and granted summary judgment to the RIAA. The unfair competition claim was also granted because they had had to compete with LimeWire's free and unauthorized reproduction and distribution of plaintiffs' copyrighted recordings.
Evidentiary motions.
LimeWire filed a number of motions challenging the admissibility of evidence submitted by the RIAA. The court found all the evidentiary objections without merit and denied the motions; it did place certain conditions on plaintiffs' future interaction with a specific former LimeWire employee.
Subsequent developments.
Permanent injunction.
As the litigation continued, the parties consented to a permanent injunction on 26 October 2010 shutting down the LimeWire file-sharing service. The permanent injunction prohibits LimeWire from copying, reproducing, downloading, or distributing a sound recording, as well as directly or indirectly enabling or assisting any user to use the LimeWire system to copy, reproduce or distribute any sound recording, or make available any of the copyrighted works. LimeWire was also required to disable the file trading and distribution functionality for current and legacy users, to provide all users with a tool to uninstall the software, to obtain permission from the plaintiffs before offering any new version of the software, to implement a copyrighted content filter in any new versions developed, and to encourage all legacy users to upgrade if a new version was approved. The court order also required that if LimeWire sells or licenses any of its assets, as a condition of the transfer, it must require the purchaser or licensee to submit to the court’s jurisdiction and agree to be bound by the permanent injunction.
Following the permanent injunction, the website www.limewire.com was effectively shut down and displays a notice to that effect. LimeWire also shut down its online store.
Soon after the injunction was ordered, a report appeared on "TorrentFreak" about the availability of LimeWire Pirate Edition (LPE), a new, improved LimeWire client released by "a secret dev team." The RIAA quickly complained to the judge that LimeWire was not complying with the injunction, and alleged that the LPE developer was a current or former LimeWire employee. The court ordered the LPE website shut down and allowed limited discovery to obtain the identity of the primary developer. LimeWire denied affiliation with the developer, who likewise denied being affiliated with Lime Wire LLC. The developer, who initially said his motivation was for working on the software was "to make RIAA lawyers cry into their breakfast cereal," voluntarily shuttered the LPE website rather than lose anonymity by contesting the court order.
Limitations on damages.
The court maintained jurisdiction in order to provide a final ruling on LimeWire’s liability and damages to determine the appropriate level necessary to compensate the record companies.
Citing a hypothetical argument from "Nimmer on Copyright" and the U.S. Supreme Court case "Feltner v. Columbia Pictures Television, Inc.", the plaintiffs proposed one award for each infringement by individual LimeWire users. The plaintiffs estimated, using a consultant's statistical analysis, that there were more than 500 million downloads of post-1972 works using the LimeWire system; however, they offered no suggestions on how to determine a precise number of direct infringers of each work.
The defendants cited "McClatchey v. The Associated Press" and related case law which rejected the "Feltner" precedent and the "Nimmer" hypothetical for situations involving statutory damages for infringement committed on a massive scale. In their pleadings, the defendants pointed out that the 500 million direct infringements estimated by the plaintiffs could lead to a maximum damage award of $75 trillion ($75,000,000,000,000).
On March 11, 2011, the court ruled that "McClatchey" and related case law did indeed trump "Feltner" and the "Nimmer" hypothetical, and held that the per-infringement proposal produces "an absurd result" potentially in the "trillions" of dollars, given the large number of uploads and downloads by LimeWire users over a period of several years. The court noted that despite its claims to the contrary, the RIAA hadn't ever argued for a per-infringement award until this case, and even then not until September 2010, more than three years after filing the lawsuit. The court added that the plaintiffs were "suggesting an award that is more money than the entire music recording industry has made since Edison's invention of the phonograph in 1877."
Accordingly, the court ruled that the labels were entitled to an award only on a per-work, rather than per-infringement basis, limiting the award to between $7.5 million and $1.5 billion of statutory damages. The court calculated the damages at $750 to $150,000 for each of approximately 10,000 post-1972 recordings infringed via LimeWire, plus "actual" damages for infringement of about 1,000 earlier works (statutory damages are not an option for the earlier works).
Inapplicable direct infringement actions.
The defendants then asked for a partial summary judgment exempting 104 works which had been directly infringed by LimeWire users, and for which the plaintiffs had already recovered damages in separate actions. The defendants claimed the individual defendants in those cases are "jointly and severally liable" with the defendants in this case, and, citing "Bouchat v. Champion Prods., Inc.", argued that the language of 17 USC 504 meant to group together all actions relating to infringement of a given set of works. The defense further contended that since only those 104 works had been proven to be directly infringed, they shouldn't be held liable for inducing infringement of any other works. The court denied the request, rejecting the notion that the other actions had any bearing on the inducement case, except to the extent that already-recovered damage amounts might be taken into account when calculating the inducement damages, and further holding that "Bouchat" doesn't apply; 17 USC 504 doesn't preclude finding inducement of infringement separately from finding direct infringement of the same works.
Damages phase.
The damages phase of the trial began on May 2, 2011. LimeWire founder and CEO Mark Gorton admitted on the stand that he was aware of widespread copyright infringement by LimeWire users and that he chose not to make use of available filtering technology; and he said that until this trial, he believed that his company couldn't be held liable for inducing copyright infringement. Citing a 2001 statement he made to investors about the risk of being sued, and a 2005 notice sent by the RIAA making him aware that the "Grokster" decision meant that LimeWire was liable, the plaintiffs contended that he didn't misread the law, but rather knew all along that he was violating it. The RIAA further asserted that Gorton made efforts to hide LimeWire's profits in personal investments, in anticipation of a lawsuit.
Settlement.
On May 12, 2011, a settlement was reached, and the case dismissed. LimeWire CEO Mark Gorton paid $105 million to the four largest record labels, which at that time were Universal Music Group, Sony BMG, Warner Music Group, and EMI.
Press.
Reactions to the injunction.
One law and technology blog called the injunction a "smackdown" for LimeWire, a second, "Judge slaps Lime Wire with permanent injunction", while "The New York Times" brought quotes from both parties disagreeing on the impact of the decision.
The RIAA issued a press release urging previous LimeWire users to begin using one of the available legitimate options. The "New York Times" also ran a story about Gorton.
Finally, there was interest in what previous LimeWire users would do and where they would go – and if BitTorrent would be their next move.
Reporting of estimated damages.
Although the plaintiffs never explicitly asked for a specific amount of damages, several multi-trillion-dollar estimates circulated in the press; the figures make for attention-grabbing headlines. Although initially reported accurately as no longer being sought, the largest estimate, $75 trillion, was widely reported as if it were still being pursued by the RIAA. Many of these reports surfaced in mid-2012, over a year since the case had been settled.
2010.
In mid-May 2010—which was after the summary judgment had been made finding liability, but well before damages had been capped and before the RIAA sought per-infringement damages—blogger Miles Harrison, on his "slashparty" blog (now defunct), reviewed court documents and estimated the potential damages being sought at $15 trillion. Harrison based his figure on a reported 200 million downloads of the LimeWire client software from Download.com alone, as cited in a filing by the plaintiff's lawyer. Harrison cut the 200 million in half to account for re-downloads and multiple installations by the same user, then assumed every user infringed an average of 1 work at issue in the case. He then multiplied that 100 million infringements by the upper limit for statutory damages, $150,000, to arrive at $15 trillion. This story was modestly promoted on Reddit, but wasn't widely reported.
A few weeks later, on June 8, 2010, blogger Jon Newton, in an article on his technology news blog "p2pnet", arrived at his own estimate of $1.5 trillion, based on the same report of 200 million client downloads. Apparently conflating LimeWire software downloads with infringements of sound recordings, Newton computed his figure by multiplying 200 million by $750, the minimum statutory damage amount the filing said was being sought for each work infringed. The following day, Newton published a revised estimate of $15 trillion, quoting Harrison's calculations. Newton's first article was promoted on Reddit, but apparently wasn't picked up by the mainstream press.
2011.
In March 2011, shortly after the court issued the ruling capping potential damages at $1.5 billion, an even higher estimate was touted: "Corporate Counsel" magazine and its affiliated "Law.com" website reported on March 15 that when seeking damages on a per-direct-infringement, rather than per-infringed-work basis, the record companies had "demanded damages ranging from $400 billion to $75 trillion"—figures taken from the defendants' pleadings. The report went on to say that Judge Wood had called the plaintiffs' request "absurd".
The "Law.com" article was popularized via Reddit on March 22, and the $75 trillion figure was repeated in a PC Magazine article the next day. Two days later, citing the $75 trillion figure as if it were still being actively sought, Anonymous launched a DDoS attack on the RIAA website under the Operation Payback banner. The following week, in several Australian APN News & Media outlets, an op-ed piece repeated the $75 trillion figure, erroneously calculated from $150,000 × 11,000 infringed works (which actually comes to $1.65 billion).
2012.
In May 2012, a year after the case was dismissed, an op-ed piece on a New Zealand news site inexplicably reported on the March 2011 damages ruling, repeating the $75 trillion estimate as if the RIAA had named that amount, and adding that the amount was in excess of the 2011 global GDP. The story was then reported as news by the online edition of "NME", with the amount dropped slightly to $72 trillion, and with the erroneous statement that the RIAA still actively seeking that much in damages; the "NME" story linked back to an accurate report in "ComputerWorld", but made no mention of the court's ruling that limited the damages to a maximum of $1.5 billion.
This embellished version of the story "went viral" and was picked up as a current news report, without fact-checking, by numerous organizations, including "Business Insider", "PC World", a "Forbes" blog, a CBC business program, a Los Angeles CBS affiliate, and many entertainment and technology news blogs. Some reported the figure as $75 trillion, others as $72 trillion. After it was pointed out that the case had been settled a year earlier and that the RIAA was not still seeking damages, some outlets pulled the story and some issued retractions, but many websites left the unedited story online. The "Forbes" retraction included a statement from the RIAA pointing out that no specific amount had ever been asked for, but the author countered that this is splitting hairs; a multi-trillion-dollar amount was still implied.
NMPA lawsuit.
The case resulted in a separate lawsuit from National Music Publishers Association (NMPA) in order for them to be included in any future settlement negotiations and damages. This case ended with a settlement before the damages phase of the trial at hand.

</doc>
<doc id="31091252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091252" title="Cortical bundle">
Cortical bundle

The cortical bundle is a vascular system which allows the transportation of water and nutrients through the voluminous cortex of the cactus. This system is unique to cacti, and helps to replace the water lost to the dry desert air. The cortical bundle emerges radially from the xylem and produces shoots that run tangentially to the cortex, branching extensively and vascularizing every part of the cortex. The size of the cortical bundle can vary greatly from species to species.
Because cacti live a long time, the cortical bundles have to function for many years. In every cactus species, the cortical bundles produce secondary phloems. In very old cortical bundles located at the base of very old shoots, the secondary phloem may attain a thickness of several millimeters.

</doc>
<doc id="31091268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091268" title="List of Chairmen of the State Council of the Republic of Adygea">
List of Chairmen of the State Council of the Republic of Adygea

Chairmen of the State Assembly of the Republic of Adygea

</doc>
<doc id="31091281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091281" title="Reporter-Herald">
Reporter-Herald

The Loveland Report-Herald is a daily newspaper published in Loveland, Colorado. It carries local, regional, national and World news. It is owned by Prairie Mountain Publishing, a subsidiary of MediaNews Group, who purchased the paper in 2011.
History.
The Loveland Report-Herald was acquired in 1967 by Ed and Ruth Lehman, who had previously bought the Longmont Times-Call (1957) and went on to acquire the Cañon City Daily Record (1978). Lehman Communication was continued by the next generation of the Lehman family. The newspaper group was expanded with the Erie Review, Lafayette News, Louisville Times and Superior Observer that were combined into the Colorado Hometown Weekly.
Prairie Mountain Publishing acquired Lehman Communication in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31091284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091284" title="Hustle Hard">
Hustle Hard

Hustle Hard is the first official single from Ace Hood's third studio album "Blood, Sweat & Tears". It originally appeared on Ace Hood's preceding mixtape "The Statement". It is produced by Lex Luger. The official remix features Rick Ross and Lil Wayne. The original music video and half of the remix music video was made on the same day. A version of the track featuring Swizz Beatz was also a part of Swizz' "Monster Mondays" program. The remix music video was released to 106 & Park: BET's Top 10 Live, on his birthday, May 11, 2011.
Chart position.
"Hustle Hard" debuted at #87 on the Billboard Hot 100 in the April 23, 2011 issue, making it one of the highest-charting singles of Ace's career (surpassing "Ride"'s prior peak at #90 over two years earlier). So far the song has peaked at #60 on the Billboard Hot 100.
Remix.
The official remix to the song was released on May 10, 2011 and it features Rick Ross & Lil Wayne. The first half of the remix music video was with Rick Ross in California. Then, Ace Hood went back to Miami to do the second half of the "Hustle Hard (Remix)" music video with Lil Wayne.
On his birthday, May 11, 2011, the official music video for the remix to Hustle Hard was released on 106 & Park: BET's Top 10 Live. It had cameos by DJ Khaled, Marley G, Birdman, Mack Maine, Busta Rhymes, Fat Joe, Dr. Dre, Meek Mill, Pill, Gunplay, and DJ Stevie J.
This remix was performed at BET Awards 2011 with DJ Khaled, Rick Ross & Lil Wayne .
Sports.
Los Angeles Dodgers center fielder Matt Kemp, Milwaukee Brewers second baseman Rickie Weeks, his younger brother - Oakland Athletics second baseman Jemile Weeks, Philadelphia Phillies outfielder John Mayberry, Jr., New York Mets shortstop José Reyes, San Francisco Giants third baseman Pablo Sandoval, and New York Yankees outfielder Andruw Jones currently use it as their entrance music. Also, the song is reportedly listened to by star Pittsburgh Penguins center Sidney Crosby to help with his post concussion symptoms,

</doc>
<doc id="31091334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091334" title="Stephen Healey">
Stephen Healey

Captain Stephen James "Steve" Healey (19 September 1982 – 26 May 2012) was a British Army officer with the 1st Battalion, The Royal Welsh (Royal Welch Fusiliers), and former professional footballer for Swansea City.
He was killed by an improvised explosive device on routine vehicle patrol in the Nahri Saraj District of Helmand province, Afghanistan, on 26 May 2012.
Early life.
Healey was born on 19 September 1982 in Cardiff, Wales. Football was a key part of his early life and Healey aspired as a child to become a professional football player. He chose a career in the game against the advice of his school teachers, who wanted him to take the education route. He first served a two-year apprenticeship with Swansea City, a Football League club based in Swansea, Wales.
Football career.
After serving his apprenticeship with Swansea City, he signed a two-year professional contract with the club. Having signed at age 19, he played for around three years, before suffering a series of injuries in the space of 6 months. He played in defence as a 6 foot tall, centre back. For the 2001–02 season, Healey wore number 21.
Under the Swansea manager John Hollins, Healey was expected to sign his first professional contract with the club on 17 May 2001, along with fellow trainees Chris O'Sullivan and Craig Draper. In a pre-season friendly on 8 August 2001 against Haverfordwest County, Healey was singled out for praise by the "Evening Post" as the energetic heart of the defence, in a 5–1 away win.
By 16 March 2002, with the club in the temporary charge of Nick Cusack and Roger Freestone, Healey and Draper were out on loan to the League of Wales side Llanelli.
By 15 May 2002, out of the trio of first year professionals of Draper, Healey and O'Sullivan, only Draper had made any first team appearances when all three players; along with Jason Jones, Chris Todd, Jonathan Coates, Ryan Casey and Steve Brodie, all were released from their contracts by the club. The players were released by Cusack, by now the club's player-manager, as he was facing budget constraints and a need to refresh the squad with more experienced players more suited to playing in the Third Division. Other players released that summer were Ben Davies, James Fox and Mamady Sidibe.
Higher education.
After being released by Swansea, Healey decided he was not likely to have a long career in football, and decided to quit the game and resume his education. He entered higher education as a slightly older student (i.e. not yet old enough to be classed as a mature student). Despite not having any A-Levels, Swansea University accepted him on degree course in sports science based on his experience as a footballer.
Between 2002 and 2006, Healey continued to play football in the semi-professional League of Wales (renamed the Welsh Premier League from 2002–03), continuing with Llanelli for another season, then playing for two seasons with Port Talbot Town and one season for Cardiff Grange Harlequins. He also played for Bridgend Town, Goytre United and Barry Town.
Military career.
Whilst at university, Healey had decided that the British Army would be his new career path. Having recovered from his sporting injuries, he joined the Army in 2007. Choosing the officer career path, he first attended the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst in Berkshire, England. He chose to join the infantry for the challenge, and the Royal Welsh regiment specifically due to his Welsh origins. Attached to the light infantry battalion the 1st Battalion (Royal Welch Fusiliers) of the Royal Welsh regiment (1 WELSH), Healey was based in his native Cardiff, in south Wales.
As part of the War in Afghanistan, OP Herrick 11, in 2009 the 1st Battalion was deployed to Helmand Province, which became Healey's first tour to the country. The tour ran from December 2009 to April 2010, and latterly saw the battalion contribute to Operation Moshtarak.
In January 2010, while leading a vehicle convoy Healey survived a first improvised explosive device (IED) attack on his Mastiff PPV (Protected Patrol Vehicle). According to Healey there were around 12 Mastiffs in the convoy moving through a sparse village area, with no outward signs an IED attack was imminent. Healey was seated in the gun turret, with eight soldiers and an interpreter in the cabin below, when the IED exploded directly beneath the vehicle. While there were no resultant deaths, the force of the blast was sufficient to snap machine gun barrels, and rendered the vehicle beyond use. Once the area was secured and the vehicle recovered, the platoon had the night off, before returning to patrols the next day.
Having returned from Afghanistan, in Summer 2010, Healey and another Lieutenant led a group of 26 soldiers of 1 WELSH on a charity run across Wales, starting in Chester on 22 June and finishing in Cardiff on 26 June, crossing the line on Armed Forces Day, which was being held in the city. It raised funds for the Army Benevolent Fund, the visually imparied soldiers charity St Dunstan's, and their colleagues injured in Afghanistan.
Healey received a Mention in Despatches, announced in the Operational Honours and Awards list of 24 September 2010. This was for his outstanding leadership during one particular ambush during his first Afghan tour. While his unit were providing protection for a team clearing IEDs from a road, they came under significant enemy attack pinning some of his men down. He drew enemy fire three times in order to expose their positions, so that his unit could return accurate fire.
On his first tour of Afghanistan, Healey was a Lieutenant, serving as platoon commander of the battalion's B Company. He was promoted to Captain following the tour. Speaking in 2010, he stated he wanted a full career in the Army, intending to stay for at least 12 years. He continued to play football, occasionally turning out for the full army team. In Summer 2010, he joined the Swansea based Welsh Football League Division One team Garden Village.
In February 2011 Healey trained with the battalion in Sennybridge Training Area in preparation for their tour to Kenya on exercise Askari Thunder. The 1st Battalion redeployed to Afghanistan in early March 2012 on OP Herrick 16, and it was during this mobilisation that Healey was killed.
Death.
Healey was on patrol in the Nahri Saraj District of Helmand province, Afghanistan, when his vehicle was blown up by an improvised explosive device. He was given first aid on scene, before being flown to the military hospital at Camp Bastion where he was confirmed dead on arrival. He died 78 days into the tour having arrived in the country on 9 March 2012 as part of 12 Mechanised Brigade on OP Herrick 16.
Before his death he was in command of the 1st Battalion Royal Welsh reconnaissance platoon where he was responsible for Checkpoint Langar as part of Combined Force Burma within the Nahri Saraj District near Gereshk. Healey's death coincided with a visit from Labour Party leader Ed Miliband to the area. He was the 415th member of the British Armed Forces to be killed since operations commenced in October 2001.
He is survived by his parents, brother and partner Thea Davies. His funeral service, with full military honours, was held on 15 June at St Cadoc's Roman Catholic Church, Llanrumney. Healey's partner Thea has stated she intends to continue his charitable work for Blind Veterans UK by running 415 miles in one calendar year starting in October 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="31091347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091347" title="Indian Institute of Chemical Engineers">
Indian Institute of Chemical Engineers

Indian Institute of Chemical Engineers (IIChe) is the professional body of chemical engineers in India. It is headquartered at Kolkatta. The organization has 33 Regional Centers spread throughout the India. The institution is a collection of academia, professionals from chemical industry and research and students. IIChE has been formed for the purpose of development of chemical engineering in India. 
This includes the following opportunities:
IIChE hosts two annual events:
IIChE also supports students of Chemical Engineering by means of scholarships and other events.
IIChE has partnered with AIChE and IChemE globally.

</doc>
<doc id="31091351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091351" title="Jason Chan">
Jason Chan

Jason Chan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31091363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091363" title="2009 Wheelchair Tennis Masters">
2009 Wheelchair Tennis Masters

The 2009 Wheelchair Tennis Masters (Also known as the 2009 NEC Wheelchair Tennis Masters for sponsor reasons). It was held on hard courts between the 18 and 22 November 2009. The tournament was held in Amsterdam and was part of the NEC Wheelchair Tennis Tour, under the Masters Series category of events.
Qualification.
The top eight in men's and women's competition of the year qualified for the Wheelchair tennis masters. The top four from the Quad category also qualified for this event.

</doc>
<doc id="31091382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091382" title="Mir Iqbal Hussain Trophy">
Mir Iqbal Hussain Trophy

The Mir Iqbal Hussain Trophy is an Indian football tournament for players under 16 years of age. The competition is held every year between the under-16 teams representing states of India. The tournament was started in 1977 for boys under the age 15 years. The tournament was constituted at the Darjeeling meeting of the AIFF on June 12, 1976. AIFF donated the trophy in the memory of former President of Karnataka Football Association, Mr. Mir Iqbal Hussain.
From the 2009-10 season onwards, the championship has been sponsored by Coca Cola and was rechristened as the Coca Cola MIHT for a period of 3 years. This also saw a change in the format of the tournament where there are three different levels before the selection of national team. At national level, total 12 state teams compete to decide the national winner state. 
32nd edition of Sub Junior National Football Championship was conducted in 2009 with the new format. Subsequently, tournament has been held from last 3 years with the similar format.
Conduct and Format.
The three levels of the tournament are as explained<br>
1. District Level<br>
The district football association would select a team of 16 players from among all the young footballers to represent the state at zonal level tournament. This would be done through Inter-School competitions conducted between participating school teams in each district.<br>
2. Zonal Level<br>
All the state teams will be divided into 5 zones. The state teams from each zone would play in a tournament at a zonal level. The top 2 teams will qualify for the National finals.<br>
3. National Level<br>
Total 12 teams - 10 teams (2 from each zones) plus the last years winners and the home team would compete at the National finals. Each team would then play in a round robin format. The top four teams with the maximum points would advance to the Semi-Final stage, two of them would progress to the Final Stage. The winning team would be rewarded the Coca-Cola Mir Iqal Hussain Trophy. At the National Finals, AIFF would identify and select 40 of the most promising football talent. These 40 footballers would be groomed by AIFF to become the Official National Under-16 Sub-Junior Team.
References.
http://www.the-aiff.com/pages/tournament/tournament-event.php?tournamentdetail=53

</doc>
<doc id="31091414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091414" title="Australia men's national wheelchair basketball team">
Australia men's national wheelchair basketball team

The Australia men's national wheelchair basketball team is the men's wheelchair basketball side that represents Australia in international competitions. The team is known as the Rollers. Australia took the gold medal at the 1996 Atlanta Paralympic Games and 2008 Beijing Paralympic Games.
Australia has competed at every men's wheelchair basketball tournament at the Paralympic Games since the first tournament in 1960. Kevin Coombs was Australia's the first captain of the men's wheelchair basketball team.
Performance.
At the 1968 Summer Paralympics, in one of the men's games, they beat Sweden by a score of 43-22.
At the 1990 Wheelchair Basketball World Championship, Australia placed 6th over Germany, its best result at the time.
Past Rosters.
1960 Summer Paralympics.
Team Members: Kevin Coombs, Kevin Cunningham, Gary Hooper, Bill Mather-Brown, Bruno Moretti, Chris O’Brian, John Turich, Frank Ponta 
1996 Summer Paralympics.
Australia finished 1st among 12 teams.<br> The team beat Great Britain for the Gold Medal with a final score of 78:63. 
2004 Summer Paralympics.
The Australian's were beaten by Canada 53:70 in the Gold Medal match.
2008 Summer Paralympics.
The team beat Canada 72:60 in the Final
2012 Summer Paralympics.
The team was defeated by Canada 58:64 in the Gold Medal match.
2013 AOZ World Championships Qualifier.
With five newcomers, the following team participated at the 2013 AOZ World Championship Qualifier in Bangkok:

</doc>
<doc id="31091445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091445" title="Sudbury (Staffordshire) railway station">
Sudbury (Staffordshire) railway station

Sudbury railway station was a railway station serving Sudbury, Derbyshire although the station was located in Staffordshire, near to Draycott in the Clay.
The station was opened by the North Staffordshire Railway in 1848 and in 1862 is was also served by Great Northern Railway on the route between Stafford and Grantham.
The platforms today have been removed but the railway cottages and signal box are still in use, Trains on the Crewe to Derby Line still pass through the former station.

</doc>
<doc id="31091453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091453" title="Brooks DeCillia">
Brooks DeCillia

Brooks DeCillia is a national reporter for CBC News in Alberta, Canada. His reports regularly air on CBC Television’s "The National" and CBC Radio programs, including "The World at Six" and "World Report". 
DeCillia attended journalism school at the University of Regina after getting an honours degree in international studies from the University of Saskatchewan.
DeCillia studied politics and communication at the London School of Economics as a Chevening Scholar. His dissertation about the mainstream media’s coverage of Canada’s military mission in Afghanistan won the Silverstone Prize.
DeCillia has covered stories in south Asia, Europe and across North America. He was embedded with Canadian forces Kandahar in Afghanistan in 2006 and 2007. 
DeCillia runs marathons. He has a wife and son.

</doc>
<doc id="31091474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091474" title="DAvE (Infineon)">
DAvE (Infineon)

DAvE (Infineon) Digital Application virtual Engineer (DAvE), a C-language software 
development tool for microcontroller applications. DAvE is a standalone system with automatic code generation modules and is suited to develop software drivers for Inﬁneon microcontrollers and aids the developer with automatically created C-level templates and user desired functionalities. DAvE was developed by Inﬁneon Technologies. Therefore, the automatic code generator supports only Infineon microcontrollers.
Latest version DAVE3 - Auto Code Generation.
Automatic code generation is based on use case oriented, configurable and tested SW components, DAVE™ Apps. DAVE™ Apps are comparable to executable and configurable Application Notes that can be downloaded form the web just like Apps for smart phones or tablet PCs. [http://www.slideshare.net/davidcweb/dave-3-presentation]
Functionality.
To use DAvE the so-called DAvE-Mothersystem has to be installed and conﬁgured. The latest version of DAvE can be downloaded from the official Inﬁneon’s homepage. In addition, a DIP-ﬁle (DAvE Integration Package) according to the microcontroller hardware for which the software driver will be implemented is provided by Inﬁneon and has to be installed. At startup the user will be asked to select a microcontroller family and also the corresponding conﬁgurations such as system clock frequency or interrupt control. Furthermore, a compiler has to be deﬁned for which DAvE will generate a C-project. The compilers Keil (ARM) and Tasking (Altium) are currently supported. After the initial setup the conﬁguration wizard appears and gives an overview over the hardware peripherals, control units, and modules. Here, the actual microcontroller application can be created by selecting the desired functionality. At this step, module specific functions have to be selected for module initialization and control. Finally, the application source ﬁles will be generated by DAvE and embedded in a project for the selected development environment, where you can continue to modifying your code or adding it to an existing project.
The installation of DAvE and DIP-ﬁles is unproblematic, with only a few clicks after downloading the application from Inﬁneon’s webpage. One can start working with DAvE and already generate example code without reading a manual, as the steps for doing so are pretty much self-explanatory when following the application wizard. Furthermore, Inﬁneon provides many application notes and tutorials on how to use DAvE in combination with different microcontrollers and development environments. 
An intuitive user interface allows to familiarize oneself with the basic functionality of DAvE in a significantly small amount of time. Once the user has learned the main steps of creating an embedded application with DAvE the application development can be performed very fast. By providing a graphical user interface and a wizard it is easy to memorize the steps, even when the user returns to the tool after a period of not using it. In general, in embedded application development it is easy to make mistakes by creating conflicting conﬁgurations, e.g., assigning one I/O pin to multiple modules or select not supported baud rate for communication or wrong operating frequency. When using DAvE these conﬂicts are being resolved by reducing the conﬁguration choices automatically. In addition to that, in order to being able to use the source code generated by DAvE and to create a meaningful embedded application, it is crucial to understand the functionality of the generated C-functions and the targeted hardware. DAvE’s interactive user interface provides a fail-safe way to select desired features before beginning to program an application. Conﬁguration windows allow the designer to select and conﬁgure a specific product and then automatically generate code for that product, including its core, peripherals, memory, appropriate driver functions, and interrupts. As changes are made in conﬁguration options, all resulting changes in code are dynamically updated and displayed in all applicable open conﬁguration windows. In addition, the program automatically creates detailed documentation for each conﬁguration, with complete explanations of function calls, macros, parameters, and return values. It also features a built-in register viewer that displays all registers and enables the user to easily track changes up to bit conﬁgurations. To add user specific functionality to the automatically generated code DAvE offers designated user code areas (marked by //USER CODE BEGIN and //USER CODE END comment section), where application specific code can be entered using any editor. This ensures that these parts won’t be overwritten when applying further changes to the microcontroller conﬁgurations through DAvE later. 
DAvE is meant to be a one stop access point to all standard knowledge associated with 
Infineon’s embedded technology expertise, by offering a context sensitive access to user’s manuals, data sheets, application notes, etc. directly from the development environment. It also provides an environment to build AddIns. To build an AddIn for DAvE is easy. The DAvE Template Generator creates a template for an AddIn and has the capability to add sample code of your choice. Furthermore, there is a detailed documentation with a sample project being installed together along with DAvE’s SDK. VB syntax is not hard to understand especially when an example project is being provided. It may take some more time to get acquainted with DAvE’s SDK than with the code generator, but it will be possible to obtain a runnable AddIn within a day.
Performance.
DAvE runs only under Windows and is completely controlled by Visual Basic scripts and has only modest memory requirements (105 MB on the hard drive and 30 MB RAM). The codegenerator needs only few seconds depending on the conﬁgured modules and requested C-functions to create an output. The generated ﬁles can be viewed and modified inside the application as well. Only for compilation, debugging, and download to the target a different tool must be used.
DAvE-related Software.
Besides the main development environment, DAvE, Inﬁneon also developed additional software that can be used in conjunction with DAvE for speciﬁc microcontroller families or additional hardware: DAvE Bench for XC800 is a platform providing free development tools for Inﬁneons 8-bit microcontrollers family, based on the Open Source Eclipse architecture.
DAvE Drive is a GUI based software tool that allows application developers to create 
embedded software for control of brushless synchronous 3-phase motors.
Alternative.
As an alternative to DAvE, the developer can use The Embedded UML Studio II developed 
by Willert Software Tools, which provides a complete graphical UML development environment for microcontroller drivers. The software is capable to generate production code in C-language, using an UML design created with Rhapsody (IBM Rational). However, in contrast to DAvE, Embedded UML Studio II is not a freeware. A 12 months full-support license costs 4950 Euro.

</doc>
<doc id="31091486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091486" title="Northern Star Broadcasting">
Northern Star Broadcasting

Northern Star Broadcasting is a radio broadcasting company which owns nine radio stations in Northern Michigan, with offices in Cheboygan and Traverse City. The company previously owned a large number of radio stations in Michigan's Upper Peninsula, but they sold all but one of its U.P.-based stations to Sovereign Communications of Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan in February 2010 with the last remaining station being sold to West Central Michigan Media Ministries in November 2011. Despite the sale, Northern Star's stations in Cheboygan and Indian River can still be heard through much of the Eastern Upper Peninsula.
Current logos.
Former logo with 93.9 and 94.5

</doc>
<doc id="31091489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091489" title="Vermilion River (Lac Seul)">
Vermilion River (Lac Seul)

The Vermilion River is a river in the Hudson Bay drainage basin in Kenora District in Northwestern Ontario, Canada. The river begins at Highstone Lake and reaches its mouth at Brechin Bay on Lac Seul, about north of the town of Sioux Lookout, which flows via the English River, Winnipeg River and Nelson River to Hudson Bay.

</doc>
<doc id="31091496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091496" title="Nicklas Barker">
Nicklas Barker

Nicklas Barker formerly Berg (born 9 July 1969) is a Swedish musician best known as the founder, guitarist, vocalist and keyboardist of the progressive rock band Anekdoten. He is also involved other band and projects such as horror soundtrack band Morte Macabre, the psychedelic improvisation rock band My Brother The Wind. He has also written the original soundtrack for the Spanish movie El Ultimo Fin De Semana.

</doc>
<doc id="31091537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091537" title="Utica Station (Illinois)">
Utica Station (Illinois)

Utica Station was a Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railroad station in North Utica, Illinois (also known as Utica). The station is about 90 miles west of Chicago and is on one of the few double tracked parts of the CSX New Rock Subdivision (Joliet—Bureau). It is also just west of a grain elevator and a small yard to load hopper cars. The building was heavily damaged by an April 20, 2004 tornado, that killed 8 in Utica. Because of that damage, it was eventually razed.

</doc>
<doc id="31091539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091539" title="2011 All Japan Indoor Tennis Championships – Singles">
2011 All Japan Indoor Tennis Championships – Singles

Yuichi Sugita was the defending champion after defeating Matthew Ebden in the 2010 final. He was eliminated by Cedrik-Marcel Stebe already in the first round.
Stebe reached the final, but lost to Dominik Meffert 6–4, 4–6, 2–6.

</doc>
<doc id="31091558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091558" title="Me &amp; My Microphone">
Me &amp; My Microphone

"Me & My Microphone" is a song by Swedish recording artist September released from her fourth studio album "Love CPR". The song was written by several writers, including September and fellow Swedish rapper Petter. The song is the English version of "Mikrofonkåt." "Me & My Microphone" has become a modest success for September, reaching number forty-eight on the Belgium (Wallonia) chart. Compared to the original Swedish "Mikrofonkåt," which was number one on the Swedish singles chart for 11 weeks, the song is a commercial failure.
The song was released in the United States on April 12, 2011 as the first international single from "Love CPR", while becoming the third single in Scandinavia, following "Mikrofonkåt" and "Resuscitate Me." September performed the song live on the Norwegian-Swedish television talk show Skavlan on January 14, 2011.
Composition.
"Me & My Microphone" was written by Thomas Rusiak, Niklas Bergwall, rapper Petter, Daniel Alexander, and September, with production credits to Bergwall. The song is an English adaption of "Mikrofonkåt."
Critical reception.
Scandipop gave the song a positive review, praising the bass and lyrics, while calling the song "pop genius." This Must Be Pop listed the track as their no.1 single of November to coincide with its UK release.
Music video.
According to Stephanie K., A&R of September's US label Robbins Entertainment, a music video for the song has been planned. In the United Kingdom, September has recently departed from her record label, Dance Nation to join her former label, All Around The World. September's first UK single, Satellites, was released through All Around The World in September 2006. Recently, All Around The World have confirmed that videos for "Me & My Microphone" and "Party In My Head" will be produced in order to promote their release in the United Kingdom in the summer of 2011.
Release and promotion.
For the US release of the song, the of the Scandinavian remixes were used, along with "Mikrofonkåt."
September performed the song for the first time on the Scandinavian talk show "Skavlan". Her performance on the show received positive reception from Scandipop, who called it "fierce."

</doc>
<doc id="31091565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091565" title="Claes Michielsz Bontenbal">
Claes Michielsz Bontenbal

Claes Michielsz Bontenbal, also known as Klaas Bontebal, (1575 – July 3, 1623, Rotterdam) was secretary of Zevenhuizen. He was involved in a conspiracy against Maurice of Orange and was beheaded for his part in the conspiracy.
The conspiracy.
In 1622, several remonstrants, including the sons of Johan van Oldenbarnevelt, Reinier and Willem, conspired to assassinate Prince Maurice of Orange. They were planning to hire a number of sailors to murder the prince during his trip from The Hague to Rijswijk to visit Margaretha van Mechelen. To hire these people and to procure the necessary weapons, they had to raise a sum of 6,000 guilders. Claes Michielsz Bontenbal, who was a remonstrant himself, was willing to provide a third of this amount.
A total of ten people were hired for the attack. The last four of those hired, however, betrayed the conspiracy to the government. Most of the conspirators were arrested, but a few, including Willem van Oldenbarnevelt, managed to escape. Bontenbal was imprisoned in Rotterdam for eighteen weeks, but, despite being tortured, continued to deny that he was actively involved in the conspiracy. He did admit to having known of the conspiracy, and having loaned the money used to hire the sailors. He was eventually sentenced to death. On the eve of his execution, he gave a full confession.
On July 3, 1623, at around noon in Rotterdam, Bontenbal was led to the scaffold behind the council-hall, and was executed there at the age of 47 or 48 years old. He left a wife and four children.
Hugo de Groot was not aware of these developments in the Dutch republic because of his residence in Paris. On 12 July 1623, he wrote a letter to his brother, Willem de Groot, in which he asked his brother about the fate of Claes Michielsz Bontenbal.

</doc>
<doc id="31091575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091575" title="Church of St Cyriac and St Julitta, Swaffham Prior">
Church of St Cyriac and St Julitta, Swaffham Prior

The Church of St Cyriac and St Julitta, Swaffham Prior, is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Swaffham Prior, Cambridgeshire, England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building, and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands in an elevated position above the village street, the B1102 road, some northeast of Cambridge. It is less than from the adjoining Church of St Mary, and both churches share the same churchyard.
History.
The church has a dual dedication to Saints Cyriac and Julitta (Quiricus and Julietta), Saint Julitta being the mother of Saint Cyriac. Both this church and the adjacent church of St Mary were established by the early 13th century. Initially separate parishes, their benefices were united in 1667. In 1743 the nave and chancel of St Cyriac's were restored, but by 1783 the church was in a dilapidated state, and services were being held in St Mary's. By the 1790s the roof of St Cyriac's was collapsing, and it was overgrown with ivy. However in 1779 the tower of St Mary's had been struck by lightning, and in 1802, when builders were working on the tower, part of it collapsed. It was then decided to demolish St Cyriac's church, other than the tower, and rebuild it.
Work began in 1806 to designs by Charles Humfrey of Cambridge. The cost of the work was over £3,100 (£ as of ), and the church was re-consecrated in 1809. Towards the end of the century, work was carried out to restore St Mary's. St Mary's was re-opened in 1903, and it then became the sole parish church. The fabric of St Cyriac's was left to decay, and by the 1960s its ceiling was collapsing. Its tower was restored in 1959–60, and in 1974 the Redundant Churches Fund, the forerunner of the Churches Conservation Trust, spent £10,000 (£ as of ) on repairing and restoring the rest of the church. Since then, it has been used occasionally for exhibitions and concerts.
Architecture.
The tower is constructed in clunch and flint with limestone dressings. The rest of the church is in gault brick with stone dressings. The roof is slated. Its plan consists of a three-bay nave with north and south aisles, north and south transepts, a chancel, and a west tower. The tower is in three stages with buttresses. The lower two stages are square, and the top stage is octagonal. At the northeast angle is a staircase. The tower is set on a plinth with a frieze decorated in a chequerboard pattern in brick and stone. In the bottom stage of the tower is a west doorway, and above this is a three-light window. The top stage contains two-light bell openings on each face. The parapet is decorated with flushwork. At the west end of the church is a gallery. There is a ring of six bells, all cast in 1791 by John Briant.

</doc>
<doc id="31091587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091587" title="Dark Requiems... and Unsilent Massacre">
Dark Requiems... and Unsilent Massacre

Dark Requiems... and Unsilent Massacre is the second full-length album by the British symphonic black metal act Hecate Enthroned, released in 1998 by Blackend Records.
Stylistically this found the band utilizing a slower, more ambient feel versus the speed and heaviness heard on their previous album, "The Slaughter of Innocence". Keyboards and reverbed vocals were put more in the forefront, with less emphasis on guitar riffs and fast-paced percussion. This album was the last to feature keyboardist Michael Snell and vocalist Jon Kennedy, the latter of which was fired from the group, as well as the last to have a heavily symphonic black metal approach. The next album, "Kings of Chaos", would feature a more death metal-oriented sound.

</doc>
<doc id="31091592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091592" title="Brian Blade Fellowship (album)">
Brian Blade Fellowship (album)

 
Brian Blade Fellowship is an album by Brian Blade Fellowship. 
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Brian Blade; except where indicated

</doc>
<doc id="31091603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091603" title="Ian Gelder">
Ian Gelder

From May to July 2014 he performed as Marcus Andronicus, brother of Titus, in Lucy Bailey's revival of her original 2006 production of Titus Andronicus at Shakespeare's Globe Theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="31091607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091607" title="Nicolae Secăreanu">
Nicolae Secăreanu

Nicolae Secăreanu (12 July 1901 - 29 September 1992) was a well-known Romanian opera singer and actor.

</doc>
<doc id="31091626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091626" title="Budsin, Wisconsin">
Budsin, Wisconsin

Budsin is an unincorporated community in the Town of Crystal Lake in Marquette County, Wisconsin, centered around the junction of County Highway E and Wisconsin Highway 22.

</doc>
<doc id="31091643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091643" title="Molly and Lawless John">
Molly and Lawless John

Molly and Lawless John is a 1972 film directed by Gary Nelson. It stars Vera Miles and Sam Elliott. The film was nominated for a Golden Globe Award (for Best Original Song) in 1973.
Plot.
Molly Parker is a married but lonely woman, living on the frontier. She finds herself dangerously drawn to a prisoner, Johnny Lawler, in her husband's jail.

</doc>
<doc id="31091644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091644" title="List of Lebanese people in Egypt">
List of Lebanese people in Egypt

This is a list of individuals born in Egypt of Lebanese ancestry or people of Lebanese and Egyptian dual nationality who live or resided in Egypt.

</doc>
<doc id="31091663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091663" title="Lower Quartz Lake">
Lower Quartz Lake

Lower Quartz Lake is located in Glacier National Park, in the U. S. state of Montana. Lower Quartz Lake is southwest of Quartz Lake. Lower Quartz Lake is a hike from the Bowman Lake Picnic Area.
See also.
List of lakes in Flathead County, Montana (A-L)

</doc>
<doc id="31091664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091664" title="2011 BH Telecom Indoors – Singles">
2011 BH Telecom Indoors – Singles

Édouard Roger-Vasselin was the defending champion, however he lost to Karol Beck in the quarterfinals.
Beck reached the final, but he withdrew before his match against Amer Delić.

</doc>
<doc id="31091672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091672" title="Canton of Lattes">
Canton of Lattes

The Canton of Lattes is a subdivision of the French department of Hérault, and its subdivision, the Arrondissement of Montpellier.
Municipalities.
It is composed of these communes:
History.
This Canton was revised in 2004, and is up for re-assessment in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31091694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091694" title="The Boy Who Talked to Badgers">
The Boy Who Talked to Badgers

The Boy Who Talked to Badgers is a 1975 film directed by Gary Nelson. It stars Christian Juttner and Carl Betz.

</doc>
<doc id="31091698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091698" title="Journey to the Edge of the Universe">
Journey to the Edge of the Universe

Journey to the Edge of the Universe is a documentary film broadcast on National Geographic and the Discovery Channel. It documents a space journey from Earth to the edge of the universe itself. The US edition was narrated by Alec Baldwin and the UK edition by Sean Pertwee.
The documentary runs 91 minutes and was broadcast on December 7, 2008.
Media.
Both Blu-ray and DVD releases of the documentary were released on the 31 March 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="31091701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091701" title="Holy Cross Cemetery (San Diego)">
Holy Cross Cemetery (San Diego)

Holy Cross Cemetery is a cemetery located in the Chollas View neighborhood of San Diego, California.
Holy Cross was dedicated in 1919 for the exclusive use of Roman Catholics, with expansions in 1945 and 1956. The mausoleum, with its distinctive blue roof visible from California State Route 94, is a landmark of San Diego.

</doc>
<doc id="31091716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091716" title="Bin Jawad">
Bin Jawad

Bin Jawad ( ""), also known as "Bin Jawwād", "Bin Quwad" is a town with estimated 8,488 inhabitants in the Sirte District in Libya. It is approximately half way between Benghazi and Misrata. The nearest settlements are Nofaliya, which about 20 km to the west, and the port of Sidra, which is about 30 km to the southeast of Bin Jawad.
Libyan civil war.
During the Libyan civil war, anti-Gaddafi forces moved into the city on 5 March. Forces loyal to Gaddafi infiltrated the city by night and attacked the anti-Gaddafi forces on the next day which resulted in the Battle of Bin Jawad. The anti-Gaddafi forces fled the town and on 7 March it was back in the hand of the government. The pro-Gaddafi forces continued to push further east and started the second phase of the battle of Ra's Lanuf.
On 27 March, rebels returned to Bin Jawad and recaptured the town. However, by 29 March, pro-Gaddafi forces had halted the rebels advance and forced them to flee the town. The rebels briefly returned and a battle broke out for the town. By the end of the day, after a series of artillery duels, the rebels retreated from the town in hundreds of vehicles, some of them as far as Ra's Lanuf.
On 23 August, loyalist forces began to disintegrate due to the rebel assault on Tripoli. At the same time, rebel forces advanced from the east, taking Brega and Ra's Lanuf and once again advanced on Bin Jawad.
Rebel forces reported that they had successfully re-taken Bin Jawad on 28 August.

</doc>
<doc id="31091740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091740" title="Roger Graham">
Roger Graham

Roger Graham may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31091765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091765" title="Boom Boom (Emmy song)">
Boom Boom (Emmy song)

"Boom Boom" is a song performed by Emmy. The music was composed by Hayk Harutyunyan and Hayk Hovhannisyan, and the lyrics were written by Sosi Khanikyan. She was internally chosen to represent her home country in December 2010. A 50/50 combination of televoting and the votes of an expert jury decided that she should sing "'Boom Boom" in Düsseldorf, Germany. This was their last song before withdrawing in the 2012 contest The song was performed 4th in the 1st semi-final after Albania and preceding Turkey. The song placed 12th with 54 points and therefore didn't qualify for the Final, making it the worst performing Armenian entry and the only Armenian entry to not make it to the final.

</doc>
<doc id="31091773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091773" title="Jimmy the Kid">
Jimmy the Kid

Jimmy the Kid is a 1982 comedy film starring Gary Coleman and Paul Le Mat. It was directed by Gary Nelson, produced by Ronald Jacobs, and released in November 1982 by New World Pictures. Following 1981's "On the Right Track", it was second theatrical film release starring Coleman.
Background.
The film was based on the 1974 novel of the same name by Donald E. Westlake. It was the third book of Westlake's Dortmunder series. One of the shooting locations was Bob Hope's Malibu Canyon plantation.
Reception.
Overall, critical reception of the family-friendly comedy was on the negative side. Even Gene Siskel, who called himself "one of few Americans who publicly declared his affection for "On the Right Track"" concluded that the follow-up was "definitely on the wrong track."

</doc>
<doc id="31091784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091784" title="List of Billboard number-one R&amp;B albums of 2011">
List of Billboard number-one R&amp;B albums of 2011

These are the albums that reached number one on the "Billboard" Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31091787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091787" title="Alessio Angelucci">
Alessio Angelucci

Alessio Dante Angelucci (born July 28, 1988 in Johannesburg) is a South African professional baseball pitcher in the San Diego Padres organization and the South Africa national baseball team. He began his professional career in 2008 with the Arizona League Padres. In 2009 and 2010, he pitched again with the Arizona League Padres and with the Eugene Emeralds. He pitched for South Africa at the 2009 World Baseball Classic.
Alessio is currently represented by Platinum Sports and Entertainment.

</doc>
<doc id="31091837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091837" title="Kaikohe Hill">
Kaikohe Hill

Kaikohe Hill (also Tokareireia) is a 282 m high basaltic scoria cone, in the Kaikohe-Bay of Islands volcanic field in New Zealand. It is on the western edge of the town of Kaikohe.

</doc>
<doc id="31091860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091860" title="Peter Jetten">
Peter Jetten

Peter Jetten (born March 26, 1985 in Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian professional poker player. Jetten is known for playing online poker under the screen name "Apathy". He has over $2,000,000 in live poker tournament winnings, and in early 2011 signed a sponsorship deal with Full Tilt Poker.
Personal life.
Jetten was born in Toronto, Ontario. He was attending the University of Western Ontario when he won his first online poker tournament. After attending school there for two years, he decided to drop out and pursue his poker career. Jetten currently lives in downtown Toronto, but spends most of the year travelling.
Poker.
Jetten played his first live tournament in a city just outside of Toronto in 2005. By 2006, Jetten started to utilize his talents on the tournament circuit, finishing 8th at the World Series of Poker (WSOP) $2,500 Short Handed No-Limit Hold ‘em event. It was in 2008, however, that Jetten really started to make waves, just missing out on his first bracelet by finishing second to Marty Smyth in the $10,000 World Championship Pot Limit Omaha event at the WSOP to take home over $500,000. He followed that up a few months later with a fourth-place finish at the High Roller event of the European Poker Championships in London for $300K.
After three cashes in the 2009 WSOP, Jetten started 2010 with a fifth-place result in the Aussie Millions Main Event to add another $300,000 to his bankroll. Later in the year, he returned to the WSOP and reached the final table of the $10,000 Pot Limit Hold ‘em Event, before making a deep run in the Main Event, where he finished in 54th place.
Online Poker.
Jetten started playing poker in 2004 when he made two cashes in freeroll tournaments for a combined $75. Over the next year he turned that $75 into a $100 000 bankroll. Since then Jetten has won over $650,000 in online tournaments. He is also a regular high stakes cash game player.

</doc>
<doc id="31091867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091867" title="Aprey Faience">
Aprey Faience

Aprey Faïence is a name used for the painted, tin-glazed faience pottery produced at a glass-works at Aprey, France. This factory was established in 1744 by Jacques Lallemont de Villehaut, the Baron d'Aprey, on his estate. In 1760 he partnered with his brother Joseph, and the two hired Protaix Pidoux, a Swiss pottery painter. Jacques withdrew from business in 1769, so Joseph hired François Ollivier, a potter. Ollivier became director from 1774–1792. The factory came under the ownership of the Baron d'Anthès de Longpierre in 1789, then closed in 1885.
The pottery produced at this factory were styled after early Strasbourg pieces, typically with decorations of birds or flowers. The high quality of the work produced at this factory, along with the bird illustrations by the chief painter, made these pieces a preference of collectors. Early works did not have a distinct marking. Later pottery was of a lower quality, and these inferior pieces were typically marked with an A.P. symbol and the initials of the painter.

</doc>
<doc id="31091871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091871" title="Khalil Hamra">
Khalil Hamra

Khalil Hamra (born 1979, Kuwait) is an Arab photojournalist based on Rafah in the Gaza Strip. In 2009, Hamra was recognized by the Overseas Press Club of America with its 2010 Robert Capa Gold Medal for his series covering the war in Gaza.
Background.
Khalil Hamra was born in Kuwait in 1979 to Palestinian parents and raised in Qatar, Egypt and the Palestinian Territories. In 2002, a year after graduating from the Islamic University of Gaza with a degree in journalism, Hamra took work as a freelancer with the Associated Press, based in Rafah.
In 2004, Hamra's work was featured in a group exhibition of AP photojournalists in the annual international Visa Pour L'image festival in Perpignan, France; that same year, he received a 2nd prize from "Editor & Publisher" for photographs he had taken of a tank strike in Israel. In 2009, he received the Overseas Press Club of America's "Robert Capa Gold Medal" for a series of photographs entitled "War in Gaza", becoming the first Associated Press photographer to win the award in more than thirty years. The Overseas Press Club praised his images as "close up, powerful and direct and taken at considerable risk due to the nature of the conflict which had combatants mingling amongst the civilian population." In February 2011, Hamra himself made news when he was injured documenting demonstrations in Tahrir Square, Alexandria during the 2011 Egyptian revolution.

</doc>
<doc id="31091880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091880" title="Middle Quartz Lake">
Middle Quartz Lake

Middle Quartz Lake is located in Glacier National Park, in the U. S. state of Montana. Middle Quartz Lake is only west of Quartz Lake. Middle Quartz Lake is a hike from the Bowman Lake Picnic Area.
See also.
List of lakes in Flathead County, Montana (M-Z)

</doc>
<doc id="31091896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091896" title="Jorge Marín">
Jorge Marín

Jorge Marín.
Was born in Uruapan, Michoacán, Mexico, Mexican sculptor and painter. He has been an active figure in the contemporary art world for the last 25 years. He began to sculpt ceramic in the early 1980s. Bronze has been his preferred material for the last ten years.His work often depicts horses, centaurs, garudas, children, madonnas, acrobats, along with elements such as spheres, masks, arrows, boats and scales. These concepts are consistent with recurring themes such as reflection and balance.
Biography.
The youngest of a family of ten brothers and sisters (which includes Javier Marín, colleague and brother), Jorge Marin inherited his passion for the fine arts from his father, a well-known architect. He left Uruapan, Michoacán to live in Mexico City when he was seven years old. Marin recalls his early years in the town of Uruapanas something like living in “Macondo,” the mystical town in Gabriel García Márquez’s novel One Hundred Years of Solitude.
Art work.
His work focuses mainly on the human figure as a metaphor of its own experiences. His style has a strong foundation in the integration of baroque dramatic art with a powerful sensuality and a subtle sense of the perverse. Uncomplicated and easy to read, his work is accessible to wide audiences.
Jorge Marin´s work in sculpture is a compendium of the vital impulses of the human being and his body, which Marin interprets "as the landscape of man’s own existence."

</doc>
<doc id="31091899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091899" title="Alex Harvey">
Alex Harvey

Alex Harvey may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31091927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091927" title="Heather Jansch">
Heather Jansch

Heather Jansch (born Heather Rosemary Sewell) is a British sculptor notable for making life-sized sculptures of horses from driftwood. She has also used cork as a material in her creations. Jansch reported that she struggled in her youth in schools, but had a passion for drawing and horses.
While an art student at Walthamstow in 1967 she met the musician Roy Harper. It was Harper who introduced her to the guitarist Bert Jansch, who she later married. 
She bought a smaller hill farm, breeding Welsh cobs and specializing in painting traditional equestrian portraits until starting to sculpt. She later moved to south Devon.
By 1986 she was exhibiting sculpture regularly with Courcoux and Courcoux, a leading provincial contemporary gallery then based in Salisbury who took her work to the London Contemporary Art Fair where it received very favourable reviews.
Her life-size driftwood horses became her hall mark and in 1999 were featured in the Shape of the Century 100 years of Sculpture in Britain at Salisbury Cathedral.
The exhibition was then taken to London’s Canary Wharf as part of the millennium celebrations in 2000 where her horses caught the attention of Tim Smit KBE founder of the Eden Project and she was invited to become one of their resident artists. Her horse was voted the most popular art work there and has since become widely known as The Eden Horse.
By 2001 she was casting works in bronze and had bought a small converted Coach House in fourteen acres of steep woodland with two acres of water-meadow and a stream where she began to explore site specific sculpture and over the next decade created a sculpture garden which in 2008 was included in The National Gardens Scheme's Yellow Book. The house was extended to include a gallery.
In 2009 she set up Olchard Press. She published "Heather Jansch's Diary".
A reviewer in Britain's "Daily Mail" commented regarding her driftwood horses:
Her sculptures can cost up to £55,000 each and take three years to produce.

</doc>
<doc id="31091938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091938" title="Ramon Armendariz">
Ramon Armendariz

Ramon Armendariz (born September 8, 1972) is an American former Major League Baseball umpire. Armendariz was used as an MLB reserve umpire from to , umpiring a total of 61 games.
Career.
Armendariz graduated from the Harry Wendelstedt Professional Baseball Umpire School in 1995. From 1995 through the 1998 season, Armendariz umpired in Rookie League and Class A minor league baseball. In 1999, he was promoted to the AA Texas League. The following year he advanced to the AAA Pacific Coast League, where he umpired through 2007. He spent 2008 and 2009 in the Chinese Professional Baseball League.
Outside of the regular season, Armendariz worked in the MLB Arizona Fall League from 2000 to 2004. He also umpired in the 2006 World Baseball Classic and completed three stints in Latin American winter baseball leagues.
Notable games.
As a reserve umpire in 2004, Armendariz worked at first base for Greg Maddux's 299th career win on July 27.
Return from China.
Armendariz is currently the junior varsity baseball coach for Santa Monica High School. He umpires college baseball in the Western Athletic Conference and in the PAC-10 Conference.

</doc>
<doc id="31091968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091968" title="Quartz Lake">
Quartz Lake

Quartz Lake is located in Glacier National Park, in the U. S. state of Montana. Quartz Lake is only east of Middle Quartz Lake. Quartz Lake is a hike from the Bowman Lake Picnic Area. The historic Quartz Lake Patrol Cabin is on the western shore of Quartz Lake.
See also.
List of lakes in Flathead County, Montana (M-Z)

</doc>
<doc id="31091980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091980" title="Wool on Wolves">
Wool on Wolves

Wool on Wolves is a Canadian folk-rock band based in Edmonton, Alberta. The band formed in October 2008 while attending the University of Alberta.
Wool on Wolves debut EP Hate is Poor was self-released in April 2010, followed by their début album Grey Matter on November 9, 2010. "Measures of Progress", the band's sophomore LP, was released on November 13, 2012.
Wool on Wolves was named Best Folk/Roots and Best Group at the 2011 Edmonton Music Awards. Grey Matter was nominated for a 2011 Western Canadian Music Award in the Best Rock category.
Members.
As a group of multi-instrumentalists, Wool on Wolves is known to frequently switch instruments for both live and recorded performances.

</doc>
<doc id="31091990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091990" title="Helsinki University Museum">
Helsinki University Museum

Helsinki University Museum 'Arppeanum' is the museum of the University of Helsinki that was located until June 2014 on Snellmanninkatu off the north-east corner of Senate Square. 
Helsinki University Museums exhibition in Arppeanum Building is closed. Museums new main exhibition will open in Helsinki University Main Building in March 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="31091994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091994" title="Paul Borowski">
Paul Borowski

Paul Borowski (19 March 1937 – 22 December 2012) was a German sailor. He won a silver medal in the "Dragon class" together with crew members Konrad Weichert and Karl–Heinz Thun at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="31091997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31091997" title="Canada Employment Insurance Financing Board">
Canada Employment Insurance Financing Board

The Canada Employment Insurance Financing Board (CEIFB) was a Crown corporation of the Government of Canada, created in 2008, that began its operations in 2010 and was dissolved in 2013. As a parent Crown corporation, under Part X of the Financial Administration Act, CEIFB reported to Parliament through the Minister of Human Resources and Skills Development.
Mandate.
Canada’s employment insurance program supports Canadian employees during periods of unemployment. The program is funded through the contributions of Canadian employers and employees. The task of CEIFB was to set EI premiums in a transparent way and to temporarily hold and manage any surplus EI premiums that accrued from January 1, 2009 onwards. In practice, the CEIFB's mandate never allowed it to exercise any authority and it became a rubber stamp for the government in the setting of EI premium rates. The organization was dissolved in 2013, after having spent close to $5 million over 3 years.
Corporate Objectives.
1. Develop appropriate corporate structures and policies:
The CEIFB will strengthen its corporate governance by finalizing and implementing its Code of Ethics and Conduct and developing detailed conflict of interest procedures.
2. Establish the necessary human resources:
The CEIFB will appoint a Chief Actuary, recruit additional staff and develop an HR management framework.
3. Fulfill legislated mandate:
The CEIFB will set the EI premium rate for 2011, establish an independent review of the Chief Actuary’s methodology, develop a risk-management framework, and begin to put in place investment policies, systems and procedures to enable the investment of funds(once they are received).
4. Develop a robust reporting system:
The CEIFB will ensure that all of its statutory reporting requirements are met, and develop Corporate Plans against which future performance can be measured and reported.
Criticism.
The constraints under which the CEIFB was created prevented it from exercising any meaningful role. The Mowat Centre noted that: "In 2008, the federal government created the CEIFB, an ostensibly autonomous, independent board mandated to set premiums. It was tasked with balancing revenues and expenditures over time, with any surpluses to be used to lower
future premiums. However, the board has no mandate to ensure premiums remain stable over the business cycle. Also, the board’s first attempt to set the premium rate in 2011 was overridden by the federal government (Department of Finance Canada, 2010)." Another commentator stated that: "Given that the government retained ultimate control over the setting of rates, and has done so since 2008, there never was any need for the CEIFB to exist." 
On January 18, 2012, the CBC aired the following story during its flagship news broadcast "The National": "EI financing agency spends millions doing nothing". 

</doc>
<doc id="31092012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092012" title="Al-Jafr, Jordan">
Al-Jafr, Jordan

Al-Jafr () is a city in the Ma'an Governorate of Jordan. It is located near the city of Ma'an, and is roughly east of Amman.
It was the site of an April Fools' Day hoax in 2010 that has drawn comparisons to the famous American "The War of the Worlds" broadcast. The nearby desert area has also been used for high speed performance tests by teams attempting to break the Land speed record.

</doc>
<doc id="31092026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092026" title="Fabio Grossi">
Fabio Grossi

Fabio Grossi may refer to:
<onlyinclude>* Fabio Grossi (dancer) (born 1977), Italian dancer and ballet teacher

</doc>
<doc id="31092038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092038" title="Aussaut de St Pierre">
Aussaut de St Pierre

Assaut de Saint-Pierre is a football club of Martinique, playing in the town of Saint-Pierre.

</doc>
<doc id="31092040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092040" title="Charles Ferm">
Charles Ferm

Charles Ferm, Ferme, Farholme or Fairholm (1566–1617), was the principal of Fraserburgh University, Scotland.
Ferm was born in Edinburgh of obscure parentage. His name is spelled in divers ways; he signs himself ‘Carolus Pharum’ (after 1588), and ‘Chairlis Ferm’ (21 February 1605). Calderwood spells the name ‘Farholme.’ Adamson Latinises it ‘Fermæus.’ He was brought up in the family of Alexander Guthrie, and entered the university of Edinburgh in 1584. In 1588 he graduated M.A., and in October of that year was an unsuccessful candidate for a regency. On 13 December 1589 he was authorised by the presbytery to preach, when necessary, in the second charge of the High Kirk, Edinburgh. He studied Hebrew and theology, and was elected regent in 1590, in which capacity he graduated a class of nineteen on 12 August 1593, and another of thirty-five on 30 July 1597. Among his pupils were John Adamson, Edward Brice, David Calderwood, Oliver Colt, professor of Latin at Saumur, and William Craig, professor of theology there.
In 1596 and again in 1597 ‘Mr. Charles Fairme’ was called to the proposed second charge at Haddington, but he preferred his college work. On 12 September 1598 ‘Mr. Charles Ferume’ preached in the High Kirk of Edinburgh, later in the same year he was reported as ‘gane to the north parts.’ He accepted the charge of Philorth, Aberdeenshire, incorporated in 1613 under the name of Fraserburgh, the intention of the patron, Sir Alexander Fraser (d. 1623), being that Ferm should be the head of a university which he was proposing to establish. Fraser obtained a royal grant (1 July 1592), confirming his possession of the lands of Philorth, and giving him powers to erect and endow a college and university. A ‘spacious quadrangular building’ was erected, of which Lewis traces the remains at the west end of Fraserburgh. In 1594 the project was approved by parliament, which on 13 Dec. 1597 endowed the university with the revenues of the parishes of ‘Phillorthe, Tyrie, Kremound, and Rathyn.’ The general assembly in 1597 sanctioned the appointment of Ferm as principal; but it appears that he expected to resign his pastoral charge. On 21 March 1600, Fraser having ‘refusit to intertaine a Pastour … vnlesse he vndertake both the said charges,’ the assembly enjoined Ferm to fill both offices.
Ferm's robust presbyterianism got him into trouble on the reconstitution of episcopacy. In October 1600 Peter Blackburn was appointed bishop of Aberdeen, with a seat in parliament. Ferm denounced this innovation. In February 1605 he appeared before the privy council with John Forbes, to justify their excommunication of the Earl of Huntly. He was a member of the general assembly which met at Aberdeen on 2 July, and was about to hold proceedings, contrary to the king's injunction. For this irregularity he was imprisoned (3 October) in Doune Castle, Perthshire, at his own expenses. On 24 October he was summoned to appear before the privy council, but would not own its authority in causes spiritual, and made his escape. He was again cited for 24 February 1607, appeared before the council on 20 May, and again escaped, hiding himself for four days in Edinburgh. After incarceration at Stirling, and again at Doune, he was ‘confynned in the Hielands,’ namely, in the island of Bute, and spent nearly three years in prison. He appears to have received the stipend of Philorth (82l. 17s. 9d.) in 1607, but not in 1608, in which year he suffered much privation. After 1609 he was restored to his parish and college, and the university maintained an existence till his death. He died on 24 September 1617, aged 51, and was buried in his church.
Ferm published nothing, but after his death two of his manuscripts were given to Adamson by a pupil, William Rires. Adamson intended to publish them both, but the ‘Lectiones in Esterem’ were not published, and are lost. The ‘Analysis Logica in Epistolam Apostoli Pauli ad Romanos,’ &c., Edinburgh, 1651, 8vo, is all that remains of Ferm's class work at Fraserburgh. A translation, by William Skae, was issued by the Wodrow Society, 1850, 8vo.

</doc>
<doc id="31092041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092041" title="Safari Disco Club">
Safari Disco Club

Safari Disco Club is the second studio album by the French electropop trio Yelle. It was released in France on 14 March 2011 by Barclay Records.
Promotion.
The first single, "Safari Disco Club", was released on 10 January 2011, with a music video directed by Jérémie Saindon following on 1 March 2011.
Tour.
Yelle supported Katy Perry on a fourteen-show tour across the United Kingdom that started on 17 March 2011. Yelle also toured North America in support of "Safari Disco Club".
Track listing.
(*) denotes additional producer

</doc>
<doc id="31092047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092047" title="Zahir Pajaziti">
Zahir Pajaziti

Zahir Pajaziti (born Podujevo, FPR Yugoslavia in 1962, died in Vučitrn, FR Yugoslavia in 1997) was a commander of the Kosovo Liberation Army. 
History.
In 2008, the president of Kosovo, Fatmir Sejdiu, declared Pajaziti a Hero of Kosovo.
After the breakup of Yugoslavia in 1992, he remained in Kosovo while warfare raged in Croatia and Bosnia and Herzegovina. In 1997, he joined the Kosovo Liberation Army. Later that year, he was killed in a gunfight in Vučitrn with the Yugoslav army.
He is commemorated by a statue in Pristina.

</doc>
<doc id="31092049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092049" title="HopPo! (album)">
HopPo! (album)

HopPo! is the self-titled album from Café Tacvba frontman Rubén Albarrán. The album consists of nine cover songs. These cover songs are Nueva Canción (or "new song" in English) Latin American folk songs written by South American social activists of the 1960s, including three from Violeta Parra.
Recording of the album was done in 2010, while Albarrán was on break from Café Tacvba. The album is also a departure from the alternative rock and electronic sounds that usually comprise Café Tacvba's music.
The album has not been commercially released, and there are no immediate plans to sign with a record label. The album was only available as a promotional CD in 2010. However, the songs can be streamed through HopPo's official MySpace page.

</doc>
<doc id="31092066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092066" title="Oldberry Castle">
Oldberry Castle

Oldberry Castle (sometimes called Oldbury Castle) is an Iron Age hill fort north west of Dulverton, Somerset, England. It lies approximately north-west from Dulverton, close to the Devon border. It has been designated as a Scheduled Ancient Monument.
The site overlooks the town and the ancient crossing point of the River Barle.
It is an irregular oval shape measuring by . It is defended by a bank measuring wide and high, and a wide ditch.
Background.
Hill forts developed in the Late Bronze and Early Iron Age, roughly the start of the first millennium BC. The reason for their emergence in Britain, and their purpose, has been a subject of debate. It has been argued that they could have been military sites constructed in response to invasion from continental Europe, sites built by invaders, or a military reaction to social tensions caused by an increasing population and consequent pressure on agriculture. The dominant view since the 1960s has been that the increasing use of iron led to social changes in Britain. Deposits of iron ore were located in different places to the tin and copper ore necessary to make bronze, and as a result trading patterns shifted and the old elites lost their economic and social status. Power passed into the hands of a new group of people. Archaeologist Barry Cunliffe believes that population increase still played a role and has stated "forts provided defensive possibilities for the community at those times when the stress an increasing population burst out into open warfare. But I wouldn't see them as having been built because there was a state of war. They would be functional as defensive strongholds when there were tensions and undoubtedly some of them were attacked and destroyed, but this was not the only, or even the most significant, factor in their construction".

</doc>
<doc id="31092067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092067" title="Daniel Greaves">
Daniel Greaves

Daniel Greaves may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31092080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092080" title="Canton of Saint-Pons-de-Thomières">
Canton of Saint-Pons-de-Thomières

The Canton of Saint-Pons-de-Thomières is a subdivision of the French department of Hérault, and its subdivision, the Arrondissement of Béziers.
Municipalities.
It is composed of these communes:
History.
This Canton was revised in 2008, and is up for re-assessment in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="31092106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092106" title="List of Billboard number-one R&amp;B albums of 1969">
List of Billboard number-one R&amp;B albums of 1969

These are the "Billboard magazine" R&B albums that reached number one in 1969.
See also: 1969 in music, R&B number-one hits of 1969 (USA)

</doc>
<doc id="31092109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092109" title="Eleusis (mythology)">
Eleusis (mythology)

In Greek mythology, Eleusis was the eponymous hero of the town of Eleusis. He was a son of Hermes and the Oceanid Daeira, or of Ogygus. Panyassis wrote of him as father of Triptolemus, adding that "Demeter came to him"; this version of the myth is found in the works of Hyginus and Servius. According to it, King Eleusis and Cothonea (Cyntinia), parents of Triptolemus, are visited by Demeter, who rears their son, feeding him divine milk by day and placing him into the fire at night, which makes Triptolemus grow faster than mortal children normally do. She eventually kills Eleusis for intervening when the fire ritual is performed. The myth is closely parallel with the one that deals with Demeter visiting Celeus and Metaneira (also possible parents of Triptolemus) and nursing their son Demophon.

</doc>
<doc id="31092115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092115" title="Konrad Weichert">
Konrad Weichert

Konrad Weichert (20 March 1934 – 8 February 2003) was a German sailor. He won a silver medal in the "Dragon class" together with Paul Borowski and Karl–Heinz Thun at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="31092131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092131" title="Exegesis on the Soul">
Exegesis on the Soul

The Exegesis on the Soul is one of the ancient texts found at Nag Hammadi, in Codex II. Its purpose is to teach that the soul is a woman which fell from perfection into prostitution, and that the Father will elevate her again to her original perfect state. 
According to Irenaeus, this teaching was a foundational pillar of the doctrine of Simon Magus, which Simon viewed as so important that he actually married a prostitute and elevated her in society in order to demonstrate the point. Hence, it is possible that the text was written by the Simonian school of Gnostics.
The text quotes copiously from the Old Testament prophets, from the New Testament gospels, and from the epistles of Paul. Curiously, the text also quotes from Homer's Odyssey. These quotes indicate that the author viewed Greek legend and mythology as a type of scripture, just as the author also viewed large portions of the Old and New Testaments as scripture.
The author and date are not certain, but must be sometime between the 1st century and the 4th century CE. Although it is silent concerning the typical Gnostic cosmology, its placement in the same codex with such texts as the Apocryphon of John, Hypostasis of the Archons, and On the Origin of the World indicate that it may well have been produced by a school which accepted Gnostic cosmology. In this context, the female personification of the soul resembles the passion of Sophia, which is a theme pervasively found in Gnostic cosmology. Also, the text's placement toward the back of the codex may indicate that it was written later and/or was of relatively lesser importance than the other texts in the codex.

</doc>
<doc id="31092139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092139" title="Vidin Municipality">
Vidin Municipality

Vidin Municipality () is a municipality ("obshtina") in Vidin Province, Northwestern Bulgaria, located along the right bank of Danube river in the Danubian Plain. It is named after its administrative centre - the city of Vidin which is also the capital of the province. 
The municipality embraces a territory of 501 km² with a population of 66,126 inhabitants, as of December 2009. 
The main road E79 crosses the area, connecting the province centre of Vidin with the city of Montana and respectively with the western operating part of Hemus motorway.
Settlements.
Vidin Municipality includes the following 34 places (towns are shown in bold): 
Demography.
The following table shows the change of the population during the last four decades. Since 1992 Vidin Municipality has comprised the former municipality of Dunavtsi and the numbers in the table reflect this unification.
Ethnic composition.
According to the 2011 census, among those who answered the optional question on ethnic identification, the ethnic composition of the municipality was the following:

</doc>
<doc id="31092172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092172" title="Mike Sonko">
Mike Sonko

Mbuvi Gidion Kioko Mike Sonko commonly known as Mike Sonko or simply Sonko (Sheng for "rich person"), is the immediate former Member of Parliament for Makadara Constituency, Kenya. He was elected on September 20, 2010 in a by-election. He was recently kicked out of parliament for wearing earrings and sun glasses.
Mbuvi became the First Senator of Nairobi after it was announced that, with 808,705 votes, beat his closest competitor, Margaret Wanjiru of the Orange Democratic Movement, who had garnered 525,822 votes, in the Nairobi senatorial election of 2013.
After the Westgate shopping mall attack in September 2013, Sonko claimed that he had warned the security services of a possible attack three months previously.
Personal life.
Sonko is known to be generous to the Kenya's majority poor sponsoring underprivileged children. This has made him popular among Kenya's electorate. However, many questions have risen concerning his lavish spending.
He is also known for his unorthodox mode of dressing affiliated with the hip hop community.

</doc>
<doc id="31092186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092186" title="SOS Sahel Ethiopia">
SOS Sahel Ethiopia

SOS Sahel Ethiopia is an Ethiopian Non Governmental Organization (NGO) focusing on environmental sustainability and agriculture.
It formerly operated under the direction of SOS Sahel UK from 1989 until 2005, when it evolved into an independent national NGO recognized by the Ethiopian Ministry of Justice. SOS Sahel Ethiopia and SOS Sahel UK still operate in partnership in matters of private donor funding.
SOS Sahel Ethiopia works in three regions of Ethiopia: the Southern Nations, Nationalities, and People's, Oromia and Amhara regions. As of 2011, SOS Sahel Ethiopia was implementing a total of 7 projects in Ethiopia. Its headquarters is in Addis Ababa.
SOS Sahel Ethiopia implements projects which reverse environmental degradation and ensure environmental sustainability, reduce food insecurity, build the capacity of local community institutions comprising smallholder farmers and pastoralists, and improve those institutions’ access to fair and sustainable markets.
SOS Sahel Ethiopia also provides emergency assistance when humanitarian crises occur, such as in the Borena Zone of Ethiopia in 2010, when a severe drought threatened the lives of local pastoralists and their cattle.

</doc>
<doc id="31092206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092206" title="Cascavel Esporte Clube">
Cascavel Esporte Clube

Cascavel Esporte Clube, commonly known as Cascavel, was a Brazilian football club based in Cascavel, Paraná state that competed in the Série B and in the Série C twice.
History.
The club was founded on December 19, 1979. Cascavel won the Campeonato Paranaense in 1980. The club competed in the Série B in 1981 and 1982 and was eliminated in the First Stage in both seasons. Cascavel competed in the Série C in 1995 and 1996 and was eliminated in the First Stage in both seasons. The club merged with SOREC and Cascavel S/A on December 17, 2001 to form Cascavel Clube Recreativo.
Stadium.
Cascavel Esporte Clube played its home games at Estádio Olímpico Regional Arnaldo Busatto. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 45,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31092208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092208" title="Cerulean Lake">
Cerulean Lake

Cerulean Lake is located in Glacier National Park, in the U. S. state of Montana. Cerulean Lake is in a cirque surrounded by high peaks including Rainbow Peak to the west, which rises more than above the lake. Melt from Rainbow Glacier to the west enters Cerulean lake via Rainbow Creek and other sources.
See also.
List of lakes in Flathead County, Montana (M-Z)

</doc>
<doc id="31092283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092283" title="John C. Raven">
John C. Raven

John Carlyle Raven (June 28, 1902 – August 10, 1970) was an English psychologist known for his contributions to psychometrics.
Biography.
John Carlyle Raven was born in London on June 28, 1902. His interest in psychology developed at an early age. Despite problems posed by the early death of his father – leaving him with a mother and two sisters to care for – and discouragement from his school teachers (on account of his dyslexia) he insisted on pursuing these interests.
To support his studies he worked as a teacher, and then as the head teacher, in a boarding school for children with physical disabilities.
It would appear from archival material now held by Pearson PLC in London that his interests were in topics that many would today regard as peripheral, such as the psychology of religion, particularly its spiritual/parapsychological components. Nevertheless, his detailed notes on his undergraduate laboratory work are remarkable.
Both his undergraduate and postgraduate studies were formally under the direction of Aveling at Kings College, London, but it would appear that, certainly as a post-graduate he had little direct contact with him ... his M.Sc. dissertation being based on work carried out at the Royal Eastern Counties Institution.
As an undergraduate, he became friendly with Charles Spearman and that, shortly after graduation, this relationship led to an introduction to Lionel Penrose who needed an assistant. Around this time, he met his wife (Mary Elizabeth Wild) who became a crucial assistant throughout his life.
Penrose was a geneticist conducting an investigation of the genetic and environmental origins of mental deficiency. This involved administering the Stanford–Binet Intelligence Scales tests to all parents and siblings of children identified as mentally deficient by the school system in East Anglia.
Raven retired in May, 1964.
Research and theory.
Raven found the tests cumbersome to administer in homes, schools, and workplaces (where, as he commented, there were friends and parents anxious to assist, no separate facilities for testing, and often a great deal of noise) and the results impossible to interpret because so many different things were composited together.
As a student of Spearman’s, he concluded that what was needed was a test that was theoretically based (cf. Spearman’s critique of the Terman-Merrill and Moray House Tests mentioned in the Wikipedia Charles Spearmen entry) and easy to administer and score.
Accordingly, he set about developing tests of the two components of g identified by Spearman – namely "eductive" (meaning making) and "reproductive" ability. The former was measured by the Raven’s Progressive Matrices (RPM) tests and the latter by a vocabulary test which later became known as the "Mill Hill Vocabulary Test" (MHV). The development of the RPM is described in his Master’s dissertation. Significantly, this does not mainly consist of the kind of literature review one would normally expect but a specification of the operational criteria to be met by the, as yet non-existent, test. He and his wife, with the support of a grant from the Darwin Trust, then set about developing a test to meet these requirements.
It would appear that Raven was one of the very few people (another was Louis Guttman) who appreciated the importance of developing tests which yielded something approaching an interval scale (although that term was not the stated objective of either author). Among other things, this meant that the sequence of item difficulties must be the same for persons of all levels of ability. In order to demonstrate this … and identify those items which needed to be modified or rejected … Raven plotted what have since become known in Item Response Theory terminology as "Item Characteristic Curves". (When Georg Rasch appeared on the scene in the late 1950s and developed a mathematical model for doing this he tested it on the RPM and was satisfied when it worked!)
The first versions of what were later termed the "Coloured Progressive Matrices" (CPM) (designed to spread the scores of the less able).and the "Standard Progressive Matrices " (SPM) were published in 1938.
The SPM came into its own with the advent of the Second World War. High levels of illiteracy and huge numbers to be tested rendered the use of most other tests unfeasible. After some validation exercises had been conducted, a special 20 minute version of the SPM was produced for the military. This had the items arranged in a single order of difficulty instead of the usual cyclical presentation. The absence of any dependence on language facilitated the diffusion of the tests into military systems throughout the world. (One sees the same requirement for language independence in such places as the mines of South Africa today. Again, there are many prospective entrants speaking many languages – all differing from that of the test administrator – and the question of whether the test has the same meaning in these different groups becomes serious.)
Although no further experimental work was pursued with a view to implementing Spearman’s injunction to better understand the nature of eductive ability, the Ravens continued to reiterate that the "eductive" or "meaning making" ability measured by the RPM tests is a difficult and demanding activity primarily dependent on its affective and conative components and incorporating a great deal of unconscious activity of the kind that later became known as "metacognitive" activity. Consequently, it is not possible to generate the understanding Spearman sought via reductionist studies of the kind brought together in Carroll’s book.
Despite undertaking no further "empirical" work on the nature of education, J. C. Raven did try to extend thinking in the area by developing a theoretical framework which he called the "Principles of Individuation and Coordinates of Conduct". This he regarded as his most important contribution to psychology.
Alongside this, he "did " undertake further work with the Vocabulary tests (i.e. a measure of "reproductive" ability) which he came to see as a route into study of the workings of the mind.
The Ravens actively followed up Spearman’s injunction to promote what amounts to a paradigm shift in psychological assessment by promoting procedures which would identify peoples’ idiosyncratic motives or values and the components of competence required to pursue them. In this connection, J. C. Raven published his "Controlled Projection " while John Raven (jnr) published extensively *[http://www.eyeonsociety.co.uk],*[http://www.eoswiki.co.uk/wiki], but most succinctly and comprehensively in "Competence in Modern Society". This work was built on a framework developed for scoring projective tests developed by David C. McClelland and his co-workers.
But, to return to J. C. Raven’s historical career: After working on various research grants, he was, in 1944, offered a post as Director of Psychological Research at the Crichton Royal (mental) Hospital in Dumfries, Scotland. Two things were remarkable about the terms of reference Raven negotiated for this appointment: First that it should be a part time one so that he could focus on topics of his own choice without having to negotiate institutional approval. Second, the terms of reference for the Department were that it should largely focus on studies of the normal in order that these might throw light on the abnormal. (It may be thought that this was hardly necessary because are not the journals full of such studies? Indeed not. Firstly, most of the studies are based on captive populations of students limits their generalisability. And, secondly, the range of topics studied is largely limited to those that can be conducted in literature-oriented laboratory studies, as distinct from problem-oriented studies.)
Throughout his time in this position Raven resisted the notion that psychologists should be engaged in therapy, arguing that such a role relationship implicitly assumes that the therapist knows better than the patient what the patient should be doing. This, Raven argued, discouraged understanding. He maintained that the best way to promote personal re-organisation and growth involved helping people to understand themselves.
Other members of the Department at the Crichton Royal included John Court, Alan Forbes, Graham Foulds, Ralph Hetherington, Joseph Kelly, John Orme, Nancy Thomson, Alastair Weir, and Eunice White.
Later research with the RPM.
J .C. Raven’s work with the RPM and MHV has been continued by John Raven, jnr., with the help of dozens of international collaborators.
Much of this work relates directly to Raven’s original objective in developing his tests, namely to facilitate studies into the genetic and environmental origins of human abilities. Most of the data from many of these studies were originally published in the "Manual" but later summarised in journals.
However, two strands of work merit special mention.
One is Jim Flynn's now well known work, based on data collected in the course of mass testing of military conscripts with the SPM in many countries over many generations, confirming dramatic intergenerational increases (similar to the equally well-known but commonly overlooked increases in height and longevity) in psychological test scores. While this work reveals a massive impact "of the environment" on these scores, the causes of this increase are as hard to elucidate as those that have produced the previously mentioned increases in height and life expectancy. For example, one of the things that the mass of cross-cultural data accumulated with the RPM shows is that the favourite explanations proffered by psychologists and sociologists – improved living conditions, access to TV, education, family size, diet, ethnicity, calligraphy, test-sophistication – individually have relatively little effect.
The other work meriting special mention is that conducted by the Minnesota Twin Family Study. This placed previous estimates of the heritability of many psychological characteristics – including such things as religiosity and the happiness set point as well as RPM scores – beyond reasonable doubt.
But the juxtaposition of these two great studies here underlines something which few have noted, but which Raven reiterated throughout his life namely that high heritability does " not" imply low mutability. (See Wikipedia entry Heritability of IQ)

</doc>
<doc id="31092307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092307" title="Brivius de Brokles">
Brivius de Brokles

The Brivio de Brokles (in Latin and Hungarian: "Brivius de Brokles") were an Hungarian and Italian noble family, supposed to be a branch of the more famous Brivio family from Milan.
Origins.
Founder of the family was Pietro Brivio (in Latin: "Petrus Brivius" or "Petrus de Brippio"), who moved at the end of the 15th Century from Milan to Montevecchia, where he had bought many properties. According to some historians, he was supposed to belong to the Brivio family of Milan, which was said to descend from the Brunonen family.
The family rose to significant influence in Brianza at the end of the 17th century, when a member of this family, Francesco (+ before 1679), became very rich with silk trading. At the beginning of the 18th century his son, Giacomo (1660ca. + 1736), financed the War of the Spanish Succession and Joseph I, Holy Roman Emperor rewarded him with the title of Count of Brokles (in Italian: "Brochles") in 1708. Brokles was a small county in the Kingdom of Hungary, but nowadays it is located in Serbia.
Giacomo Brivio.
Thanks to his richness, Count Giacomo Brivio lent money to many notable people of his time. In 1710 he was fideiussor of Cosimo III de' Medici, Grand Duke of Tuscany. In 1713 Giacomo became Lord of Montevecchia, the village of his ancestors, and in 1716 famous composer Antonio Vivaldi dedicated him a dramma per musica, Arsilda, regina di Ponto.
Other notable members.
Giacomo Brivio had two notable sons. Francesco (1680 + 1732) married Elena Attendolo Bolognini, member of an important noble family from Milan and descendant (by mother, Cecilia Medici di Marignano) from Pope Pius IV and Gian Giacomo Medici. The marriage was of course very important for the Brivio family.
Carlo (1684 + 1746) was Lieutenant Colonel in the Austrian Army from 1709. His only daughter, Anna (1742 + 1784), married an Irish nobleman called David Griffith.
Another notable member of this family was Giuseppe Ferdinando Brivio (+ 1758), who was a famous composer and music teacher in Milan. Finally, Anna Fortunata Brivio (+ 1732) married Pietro Agnesi and was mother of the famous mathematician Maria Gaetana Agnesi.

</doc>
<doc id="31092329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092329" title="Tokhi">
Tokhi

"Tokhi" (Pashto: توخی) is a Ghilzai Pashtun tribe found throughout southern, eastern, southeastern and northeastern Afghanistan. In the Pashtun tribal hierarchy Tokhi is one of the most respected tribes. They are wholly powerful, rich and widely considered to be one of the most brave, warlike and tough Pashtun tribes.
Geographic distribution.
They have traditionally centered around Qalat-i-Ghilzai, also known as Qalat-i-Tokhi. 
As Ghilzai are a nomadic tribe, Tokhi have moved from one place to another over the centuries. Although, some still following nomadic traditions, today they have eliminated their nomadic customs and have settled in different parts of the world.
Diaspora.
Afghanistan.
The majority inhabits Zabul, Kandahar, Nangarhar and Kabul.
Pakistan.
In Pakistan, Tokhi expatriates from Afghanistan can be found in districts of Karachi, Quetta, and Qilla Abdullah. 
Tokhi soldiers accompanied Malik Feroz Khilji as well as Bahlul Khan Lodi in their conquests to Delhi and settled with the local people thereafter. They were given the name Mughal-Pathan by the local people, the name was perhaps owing to the theory of their descent from Turks, the term Mughal here particularly connotes Qizilbash, some sustain Mughal, Mughal-Pathan or Qizilbash as their last name. 
They speak the local languages such as Punjabi, Sindhi, Urdu, Hindko and exercise Sunni or Twelver Shia faith.
United States.
Residing mainly in Massachusetts and New York, they constitute quarter of the total Pashtun diaspora in the United States.
Germany.
In Germany, they are Tokhi doctors and businessmen. Frankfurt has a large number of Tokhi.
References.
www.tokhi.org

</doc>
<doc id="31092370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092370" title="Canton of Florensac">
Canton of Florensac

The Canton of Florensac is a subdivision of the French department of Hérault, and its subdivision, the Arrondissement of Béziers.
Municipalities.
It is composed of these communes:
History.
This Canton was revised in 2008, and is up for re-assessment in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="31092380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092380" title="Karl-Heinz Thun">
Karl-Heinz Thun

Karl-Heinz Thun (29 April 1937 - 15 June 1993) was a German sailor. He won a silver medal in the "Dragon class" together with Paul Borowski and Konrad Weichert at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="31092429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092429" title="Cannington Brook">
Cannington Brook

Cannington brook is a stream in Somerset, England that originates in the Quantock Hills, which is designated an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.
Various streams, including Peart Water, flow into Hawkridge Reservoir near Spaxton, which was built between 1960 and 1962, to provide drinking water for Bridgwater. The water flows out as Cannington Brook, which is dammed further downstream to make the Ashford Reservoir which was constructed in 1932.
The brook discharges into the River Parrett, south east of Combwich.

</doc>
<doc id="31092441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092441" title="Kipp, Alberta">
Kipp, Alberta

Kipp is a locality in Alberta, Canada within the Lethbridge County. It is located approximately northwest of Lethbridge between Highway 3 and a Canadian Pacific Railway (CPR) line.
Kipp originally began as a trading post called Fort Kipp. Although not at the same location as the fort, Kipp takes its name from Fort Kipp.

</doc>
<doc id="31092445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092445" title="Clube Atlético Monte Alegre">
Clube Atlético Monte Alegre

Clube Atlético Monte Alegre, commonly known as Monte Alegre, was a Brazilian football club based in Telêmaco Borba, Paraná state. They won the Campeonato Paranaense once.
History.
The club was founded on May 1, 1946. Cascavel won the Campeonato Paranaense in 1955. The club eventually closed its football department.
Stadium.
Clube Atlético Monte Alegre played their home games at Estádio Horácio Klabin. The stadium had a maximum capacity of 5,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31092448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092448" title="2011 ECAC Hockey Men's Ice Hockey Tournament">
2011 ECAC Hockey Men's Ice Hockey Tournament

The 2011 ECAC Hockey Men's Ice Hockey Tournament was played between March 4 and March 19, 2011 at campus locations and at the Boardwalk Hall in Atlantic City, New Jersey. Yale won its second ECAC Hockey Men's Ice Hockey Tournament and received ECAC Hockey's automatic bid to the 2011 NCAA Division I Men's Ice Hockey Tournament.
Format.
The tournament features four rounds of play. In the first round, the fifth and twelfth, sixth and eleventh, seventh and tenth, and eighth and ninth seeds as determined by the final regular season standings play a best-of-three series, with the winner advancing to the quarterfinals. There, the first seed and lowest ranked first round winner, the second seed and second lowest ranked first round winner, the third seed and second highest ranked first round winner, and the fourth seed and highest ranked first round winner play a best-of-three series, with the winner advancing to the semifinals. In the semifinals, the highest and lowest seeds and second highest and second lowest seeds play a single-game, with the winner advancing to the championship game and the loser advancing to the third place game. The tournament champion receives an automatic bid to the 2011 NCAA Men's Division I Ice Hockey Tournament.
Regular season standings.
"Note: GP = Games Played; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; PTS = Points; GF = Goals For; GA = Goals Against"
Bracket.
Note: * denotes overtime period(s)

</doc>
<doc id="31092463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092463" title="Equilibrium gel">
Equilibrium gel

Equilibrium Gel is made from a synthetic clay called Laponite. Unlike other gels, it maintains the same consistency throughout its structure and is stable, which means it does not separate into sections of solid mass and those of more liquid mass. Equilibrium gel filtration liquid chromatography is a technique used for the quantitation of ligand binding.
History.
With over seven years of research, phsyicist Barbara Ruzicka and her colleagues suspended the gel Laponite in water used ESRF x-ray beams to study how the evolution of structure changes over time depending on the amount of clay present.
Synthesis.
The gel is created by suspending Laponite in water. The initial fluid transformed into gel after a few months with concentrations of up to 1% Laponite by weight. After three years the substance separated into two phases. One phase was clay-rich while the other was clay-poor. However, at concentrations above 1% no such phase separation occurred. Unlike the lower concentrations where the arrangement of clay particles was continually in flux, the particles above 1% concentration locked into a stable structure which is known as equilbrium gel.
Clay particles interact in an anisotropic way differing from the typical isotropic way of colloidal particles, which normally interact with all of their nearest neighbors when forming a gel. The clay particles are disc-shaped giving them an asymmetric charge distribution with a net positive charge on their edges and net negative on their faces. This doesn't allow them to interact with their neighbors, and they tend to form T-bonds. This lets clay particles connect in a chain and allows the gel to form at a low density.
Properties.
Equilibrium gel is similar to any gel in the way that it is a colloid in which the disperse phase has combined with the dispersion medium to produce a semisolid material. The difference with equilibrium gel is that it will not separate over time into two separate phase like all other gels. In a study taking place over seven years, scientist concluded that colloidal clays at slightly higher concentrations evolved reversibly and continuously from the empty liquid state to an arrested structure. From this observed properties the name equilibrium gel was derived.
Equilibrium gel shares the traits of all soft matter. Soft Matter is a conceptual term that can be used to categorize polymers, liquid crystals, colloids, amphilphilic moleculse, glass, granular and biological materials. One of the main characteristics of Equilibrium gel as with soft matter is that it displays various mesocopic structures originating from a large number of internal degrees of freedoms of each molecule.
Applications.
Scientists are already coming up with potential applications for equilibrium gel. One such application is batteries containing a gel electrolyte. Producing a relatively high power for a given weight, the battery could be incorporated into microscope devices if the gel could be made at a low enough density.
Equilibrium gel could also be used as coatings to deliver drugs into the body. Using the gel for coatings instead of other substances would be beneficial. This is due to the fact that the gel would allow the coatings to be lighter, thus reducing the amount of material that enters the body. The coatings protect against the bodies immune system and dissolve when the drug reaches its target.

</doc>
<doc id="31092473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092473" title="Deeringothamnus rugelii">
Deeringothamnus rugelii

Deeringothamnus rugelii is a rare species of flowering plant in the custard apple family known by the common names Rugel's pawpaw, Rugel's false pawpaw, and yellow squirrel banana. It is endemic to Volusia County, Florida, in the United States, where there are fewer than 5000 plants remaining in severely fragmented habitat. The main threat to this species is habitat destruction and degradation. It was federally listed as an endangered species in 1986.
Rugel's pawpaw is one of two species in the genus "Deeringothamnus". It can be differentiated from "Deeringothamnus pulchellus" by the width, shape, and color of its petals. This species is a small shrub growing not more than half a meter tall from a taproot. The leathery leaf blades are somewhat oblong or lance-shaped and measure up to 7 centimeters in length. The inflorescence is a solitary flower nodding or held upright on a short peduncle. The lightly scented flowers have usually six fleshy yellow, cream, or purple petals that measure 2 or 3 centimeters long. The fragrance of the flowers has been described as "rubbery", and is caused by several compounds, including ethyl benzoate, trans-β-ocimene, limonene, and germacrene. The fruit is a large yellow-green berry that may be up to 6 centimeters long. One flower may yield several fruits. The berry contains a few seeds each about a centimeter long or slightly larger. This plant sometimes hybridizes with its relative, "Asimina pygmaea".
This plant occurs in slash pine woods on wet, sandy substrates among other plant species, including saw palmetto, fetterbush ("Lyonia lucida"), shiny blueberry ("Vaccinium myrsinites"), dwarf live oak ("Quercus minima"), and wiregrass ("Aristida stricta"). It is limited to Volusia County, where there are perhaps 23 occurrences remaining. Some of them are within the bounds of Tiger Bay State Forest. The region becoming ever more urbanized and developed, with wild habitat claimed for residential, commercial, and agricultural purposes, including pine plantations and turfgrass farms. Remaining fragments of land are degraded by a number of processes, especially fire suppression. The habitat is naturally maintained by periodic wildfire, and this plant is fire-dependent. It requires fire to clear larger vegetation and brush away so it can receive adequate sunlight. It has also been demonstrated that fire increases the plant's flower production. Other threats to the habitat and its plants include exotic plant species such as Bahia grass ("Paspalum notatum").

</doc>
<doc id="31092479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092479" title="Giridharilal Kedia">
Giridharilal Kedia

Giridharilal Kedia ( ) (25 August 1936 – 19 December 2009) was an Indian well known social entrepreneur. He served the Kala Vikash Kendra, Cuttack for 12 years as the Working President and Trustee. Kedia was also the founder and chairman of Image Institute of Technology & Management. He was awarded the Samaj Gaurav award for his service. He was also awarded the Theater Movement Award by Global Peace Organization. Kedia was a District Governor of Lions Club International for the years 1981-1982 for the undivided district 322C.
Early life.
When he was only eight years old, Kedia's father died. He was brought up by his mother Shyama, and had to interrupt his education while still in his teens to take over the management of the family business.
Achievements.
Business.
The first family business was selling of yarn, but Kedia pushed forward and diversified into textiles, petroleum, tyres, automobile spare parts, lubricants and real estate. He also adopted the business of text books.
Social life.
Kedia had not detached ever from the main stream of society rather attached more sincerely with so many social organization not only in Cuttack but beyond Cuttack as the legacy and followed the foot print of his father Late Banarasilal who was a social reformer and man of culture. “Pratistha Samma” from VysyaSamaj.
Kedia became a charter member when the Lions Club of Cuttack was chartered in 1974. He served the club in various capacities: he became the President of the club in 1975, Bulletin editor in 1977-78 and Leo adviser in 1978-79. He also served the district as a Zone Chairman in 1976-77, Deputy District Governor in 1977-78 of undivided District 322-B and the Cabinet Secretary of the newly formed District 322-C in 1979-80. In 1980-81 he served as a District Chairman of LCIF and was responsible for organizing a district level seminar. He was unanimously elected to serve the district as its first Lt. Governor for 1981-82 and then District Governor in 1982-83. He served the Multiple District 322 as Council Treasurer in 1982-83 and Council Secretary in 1983-84. He was awarded 100% President Award, Membership Growth, Extension, Perfect Attendance and the Master Key Award from the Lions International. He has also "Lion of the year Award" for 1979-80 from the District.
Marwari Yuva Manch was another field of social activities and he was granted “SAMAJ GAURAV”award for his service. He served as Vice-President of Utkal Pradeshik Kedia Sabha. He was also attached to Biswa Kalyan Path Chakra.
Cultural life.
Kedia was one of the life members of Kalavikash Kendra, Cuttack and served the Kendra for 12 years as the working president. During this period Kalavikash Kendra gave a number of new artists to the nation. Kedia received awards like the Theater Movement Award by Global Peace Organization. He had served as the founder member of Navakalika, for dance and music.
Educationalist.
He was a voracious reader and this became the instrument in organizing the Marwari Hindi Vidyalaya as the President. He was attached to Marwari High School of Cuttack. His greatest achievement was the establishment of Image Institute of Technology & Management, Upper Telenga Bazar, Cuttack in 2002. R G Kedia College of Commerce was established by Marwadi Shiksha Samithi under the name of Giridharilal, in 1972 for the educational development by leading industrialists, philanthropists and educationists. This society has been functioning for the past eight decades and is located in the heart of the city.
Spiritual life.
He was the founder as well as the president of Maruti Mandap, Chowdhuribazar, Cuttack and also of Ramayan Prachar Samiti as well the member of Bhagbat Prachar Samiti. He was associated with Ramacharit Manas Path Samiti and was a member of Divine Life Society of India and Shyam Sundar Math. He was the trustee of Sankirtan Bhawan Dharmik Nyas Jhunsi (Allahabad) and of Vrindaban and was also associated with Akhil Bharat Jagannath Consciousness Sansad.

</doc>
<doc id="31092483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092483" title="Parle Tilak Vidyalaya Marathi Medium Secondary School">
Parle Tilak Vidyalaya Marathi Medium Secondary School

Parle Tilak Vidyalaya Marathi Medium Secondary School is a school situated in Vile Parle, a suburb of Mumbai, India. The school has a building of Secondary section (grade 5 to 10). The section runs in two sessions, grade 5 to 7 morning session and grade 8 to 10 afternoon session.
History.
In The 1920s Vile Parle was a small village. Students had to travel to Bandra, Girgaum or Dadar daily for schools. On 1 August 1920 Lokmanya Tilak died and Parlekars thought of building a memorial by his name. On 14 January 1921 girls' primary education was started. In 1921 Parle Tilak Vidyalaya Association came into existence. 
Originally the idea was a Gujarathi and Marathi medium school but only the Marathi medium school was started. V.B. Paranjpe donated his land for school and M.B. Pingle became first Principal.
Parle Tilak Association started the Parle Tilak Vidyalaya English Medium School in the same building on 1982. Later a separate building was alloted for English medium.

</doc>
<doc id="31092515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092515" title="Brachetto d'Acqui">
Brachetto d'Acqui

Brachetto d'Acqui is a red Italian wine that is classified as a "Denominazione di Origine Controllata e Garantita" (DOCG) since 1996 and previously a "Denominazione di Origine Controllata" (DOC) region since 1969. It is produced in the Piedmont wine region around Acqui Terme in the province of Alessandria with some overlap into the province of Asti. The wine is produced from the Brachetto grape, a variety that is believed to be native to Piedmont, and can be still or sparkling with usually some sweetness.
History.
The exact origins of the wine are unknown. While the Brachetto grape is believed to be native to Piedmont (with the Monferrato hills and the area around Asti being the most likely home of the grape), some ampelographers have speculated as early as the late 19th century that the grape might actually be French in origin.
Still, the production of a sweet, frothy red wine from this region has long tradition. In the Italian theater tradition of "Commedia dell'arte", the mask character of Gianduja da Gioan d'laduja or Giovanni of the Jug, which represented Turin and Piedmont is said to have preferred Brachetto d'Acqui among all others. Even prior, in the times of Ancient Rome, writers were describing a wine Gallia Cisalpina (northern Italy) known as "vinum acquense" (wine of the Acqui) that was a favorite among patricians with its sweet flavors and high aromatics. Legend also had it that Julius Caesar and Marc Antony presented Cleopatra several gourds of "vinum acquense" as a gift. Also, according to legend, the Pharaoh believed that the wine had the power to unleash the passions of her lovers.
Wine region.
The DOCG zone of Brachetto d'Acqui include the Monferrato hills that extend southeast from the town of Asti with some overlap into the Asti DOCG zone. The region includes the valleys along the Bormida and Belbo rivers as they flow into the Tanaro. The communes of Acqui Terme and Strevi are at the heart of the winemaking region.
DOCG regulations.
Under DOCG regulations Brachetto d'Acqui must be produced from 100% Brachetto grapes that were harvested at no more than 8 tonnes/hectare. Prior to promotion to DOCG status, other red Piedmont varieties (such as Dolcetto, Pinot nero, Freisa, Grignolino and Ruché) could be blended in with limited percentages. While the minimum alcohol levels for the finished wines must be at least 5% for "frizzante" and 6% for "spumante" the grapes used for Brachetto d'Acqui must attain enough ripeness for potential alcohol of at least 11.5% for "frizzante" and 12% for "spumante" (a brix sugar level between 21–22°Bx).
Wine styles.
Master of Wine Mary Ewing-Mulligan describes Brachetto d'Acqui very aromatic sweet red wine that can have floral and fruit notes similar to Moscato d'Asti and Lambrusco.

</doc>
<doc id="31092532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092532" title="Andrew Nicholson (basketball)">
Andrew Nicholson (basketball)

Andrew Fabian Nicholson (born December 8, 1989) is a Canadian professional basketball player who currently plays for the Orlando Magic in the National Basketball Association (NBA). Nicholson had attended St. Bonaventure University. He was drafted with the 19th selection in the 2012 NBA Draft by the Orlando Magic.
High school.
Nicholson was a late bloomer when it came to basketball; he did not start playing until his grade 11 season and due to a broken ankle missed the entire summer circuit prior to his senior season. For Nicholson baseball was his first passion but as he grew in size and athleticism he chose the game of basketball. Nicholson only gained recognition in his senior and 5th year. He was named to the "Toronto Star" High School All-Stars in 2007 and 2008 and also named MVP of five different tournaments.
College statistics.
All with St. Bonaventure University.
Professional career.
On June 28, 2012, Nicholson was selected by the Orlando Magic with the 19th overall pick in the 2012 NBA Draft. In the month leading to the draft Nicholson travelled to 14 different cities, worked out for 12 different teams, and attended the NBA combine. On July 3, 2012, Nicholson signed his first professional contract with the Magic; the terms of the deal were undisclosed as per team policy. It was also confirmed that Nicholson and the Magic's second pick Kyle O'Quinn would participate on Orlando's summer league team. Nicholson in his first summer league game broke a tie with a spinning three-point play with 29.7 seconds remaining as the Magic defeated Brooklyn 92-88. He recorded a double-double against the Brooklyn Nets with 24 points and 12 rebounds, also adding 2 assists and 2 blocked shots. Nicholson made his regular season debut on November 2, 2012 against the Denver Nuggets, coming off the bench to record 2 points, 2 rebounds, 1 assist, and 1 block in 11 minutes. He made his first career start on December 21, 2012 against the Toronto Raptors in place of an injured Glen Davis. He finished with 6 points, 4 rebounds, 1 assist and 1 blocked shot in 20 minutes. He scored a game and career high 22 points in his second career start, also against the Raptors, on December 29, 2012, and also grabbed 7 rebounds and 1 steal in 26 minutes.
Andrew recorded his first double-double of his career in a start against the Boston Celtics, scoring 14 points and grabbing a career high 10 rebounds, 1 assist, 1 steal, and 2 blocked shots in 33 minutes. On February 10, 2013 Andrew Nicholson was selected to replace the injured Andre Drummond in the Rising Stars Challenge during the 2013 NBA All-Star Weekend on February 17, 2013 in Houston, Texas.
Personal life.
A native of Mississauga, Ontario, Nicholson is the son of Fabian and Colmaleen Nicholson and has an older brother, Gary. After graduating Father Michael Goetz Secondary School, Nicholson enrolled in St. Bonaventure. He began with a major in chemistry, but switched his focus to physics. Nicholson wears size 18 shoes. He has a 7'4" wingspan, and an 8'11" reach, with hands 10" in height and 11" in width. Entering the 2012 NBA Draft, Nicholson had 8% body fat.

</doc>
<doc id="31092533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092533" title="Mosque of Amir al-Maridani">
Mosque of Amir al-Maridani

The Mosque of Amir Altinbugha al-Maridani, dating from 1340 CE, is a mosque from the era of the Mamluk Sultanate of Cairo, Egypt. Located just outside of the Bab Zuweila, it was built on the outskirts of medieval Cairo by Amir Altinbugha al-Maridani, with significant help from Sultan al-Nasir Muhammad. The mosque has a hypostyle plan similar to the Mosque of al-Nasir, and its exterior walls are decorated in typical Mamluk architecture style. At the time of its building, it was one of the most extravagantly decorated mosques in Cairo, marked by the first fully octagonal minaret and large dome, as well as other architectural innovations. Its history and luxuriousness are directly correlated to the life and prominence of al-Maridani, as it was built with the patronage of his father-in-law, Sultan Muhammad and significant donations from al-Maridani's own pocket.
Background.
Construction Process.
The land for the Mosque was in Tabbana quarter of Cairo, and was originally a burial area; in the Islamic year 738 (1337-8 CE) al-Maridani purchased the area on which the sultan and he would commission the mosque. Sultan Muhammad appointed an overseer to purchase the surrounding houses, which he subsequently cleared. To build the mosque, the sultan appointed his master builder, "al-mu'allim" (the teacher) al-Suyufi, and provided about 15,000 dirhams worth of wood and marble. Construction began in 739/1338-9, and total expenditure for the mosque reached over three hundred thousand dirhams. Al-Maridani contributed a substantial amount to the mosque's construction, as he was seriously ill throughout it and hoped to make it as memorable as possible.
Life of Amir Altinbugha al-Maridani.
Al-Maridani first rose to prominence as the cupbearer of Sultan Muhammad, but the date of this appointment is unknown. The sultan must have favored al-Maridani, as the sultan eventually married his daughter to al-Maridani, making the sultan al-Maridani's father-in-law. In addition to this marriage, the Sultan appointed al-Maridani as the chief of Cairo's police force thereby making him the "amir of a thousand". When al-Nasir Muhammad died, al-Maridani "slandered the new sultan al-Mansur Abu Bakr's authority" to another amir, and thus tricked the amir to depose the new sultan. Al-Maridani continued to have success in "power politics, crossing and double crossing" local players under al-Ashraf Kujuk and al-Salih Isma'il. Ultimately, however, he died in exile as the governor of Aleppo in 744/1343.
Floor Plan and Foundation.
The Mosque of Amir al-Maridani is built with both hypostyle and riwaq plans, similar to the sultan's mosque in the Citadel, with a dome above the mihrab and three axial entrances. The mosque is not rectangular, however, because of the constraints of urban construction. Specifically, the northeastern corner was built so that it would not encroach upon Tabanna Street nor a neighboring small lane. It is not, however, as irregular as some mosques in urban Cairo, such as Ulmas' Mosque. Notably, the only reference for the start of construction comes from the foundation: a band of inscription at the mosque's west entrance suggests that the mosque went under construction in 739/1338-9.
Exterior.
The exterior Amir al-Maridani's mosque is typical for an urban Mamluk mosque, characterized by "recesses crowned with stalactites including double-arched windows". The mosque has three entrances, with the west entrance on the same axis as that of the prayer niche and the main entrance on the north side of the mosque; each has the shape of an iwan with a pointed arch and is topped by a medallion of faience mosaics. The main entrance is a deep recess, crowned by a muqarnas cresting, panelled with marble and richly patterned. The joggled door lintels and the small window framed by colonettes are both common features in Mamluk architecture. In this case, the small outer window corresponds to an inner window with a blue-and-white tile grille. The date of completion appears on the main entrance's crown, and again on the west entrance and in the sanctuary. The west entrance is decorated differently, with a sunrise motif decorating muqarnas pendentives in the ablaq technique of alternating light and dark stone courses. Between the pendentives, a medallion with a smaller medallion in its center is decorated with tile mosaics. The south entrance is entirely undecorated.
The facade of the main wall, which corresponds to the interior mihrab wall, is panelled with recessed windows. The lower windows are rectangular while the upper are double arched with single arched qamariyyas, multicolored stained glass windows, mirroring them on the interior. The northern, eastern and part of the southern facades are the only ones with these windows, as they would have lined the busiest streets and as such been the most visible walls. The remaining wall sections, around the west and south entrances, are plain and windowless. The main wall is buttressed by the mihrab, as it protrudes slightly into an otherwise thin outer wall.
Interior.
As is the case with many Mamluk era hypostyle mosques, the Mosque of Amir al-Maridani is supported by columns from earlier buildings. In this case, the granite columns were taken from the Fatimid mosque of Rashida, though they were originally taken from ancient monuments. Many of the columns have varying heights which is compensated for with different sized pedestals. The eight columns that support the dome, however, are all of equal size, have ancient Egyptian capitals, and were likely brought from Upper Egypt.
Courtyard.
The facade of the courtyard, created by the surrounding arcades, is characterized by features that are unusual for Mamluk architecture. The points of the arches are framed with a continuous molding that curls into a loop at the top of each arch, and stucco carved niches and medallions alternate in the spandrels of each arcade. Crenellation crowns the arches, and is also carved in stucco. Relieving oculi penetrate the spandrels of the second row of arches, and at each corner and the middle of each wall of the courtyard a small domicile with a mabkhara contains a bright blue bulb of glass.
The fountain in the courtyard is not a part of the original mosque.
The courtyard area is separated from the sanctuary with a mashrabiyya, upon which is a large inscription from the Qur'an. This wooden screen mostly shades the sanctuary from the courtyard's light, making the double windows in the outer wall necessary.
Sanctuary.
The sanctuary, while richly decorated at one point is "currently in bad shape". The qibla wall is decorated with the remains of gilded stucco and epigraphic bands, with trees at their center. These trees are one of the only extant naturalistic features in Mamluk architectural decoration. The mihrab is made of polychrome marble and has friezes of small niches with blue-glass colonettes on the side framing its upper edge. The dado has similar friezes. The walls are decorated with marble mosaics centered by a Kufic inscription of Allah, and on the northern wall there is a panel made totally of white marble inlaid with green gypsum. The function of the small room in the southeast corner is unknown.
The pulpit is original and decorated with a geometric star patter.
Dome.
The dome, over the mihrab area, is slightly smaller than the dome of the Al-Nasir Muhammad Mosque, and has similar gilded and painted wooden pendentives. The windows in the transitional zone between ceiling and dome are of one oculus over two bays, and are decorated with stucco arabesque grills filled with colored glass.
Sources of Information.
Other than current observation of its architecture, one of the only sources of information about the Mosque of Amir al-Maridani is the Cairene historian al-Maqrizi. In his two volume work Mawaiz wa al-'i'tibar bi dhikr al-khitat wa al-'athar (al-Khitat), Maqrizi describes the physical layout of medieval Cairo in exact detail, including buildings' construction histories and their connections to greater Cairene society. 650 years after it was writtien, al-Khitat remains the most useful source of information on buildings and their significance in medieval Cairo.
Unfortunately, he does not provide much background for the Mosque of Amir al-Maridani: he only shares how the site was acquired, some brief summarizing details about the mosque's construction, and Amir al-Maridani's later life history. One possible reason is that al-Maridani's mosque was relatively young when Maqrizi composed al-Khitat, completed less than one hundred years previously. However, whatever the reason, the lack of description from Maqrizi means that much of the history of the Mosque of al-Maridani is unrecored and thus unknowable.

</doc>
<doc id="31092537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092537" title="Duncan Russell">
Duncan Russell

Duncan Russell (born 12 March 1958 in London, England) was the manager of Conference National side Mansfield Town until 12 May 2011 when they decided not to renew his contract. 
Career.
Coaching.
Russell began his coaching career at Derby County and subsequently joined Walsall where he enjoyed promotion to the old Division One in 2001. Promotions were also gained at Wolverhampton Wanderers in 2003 and at MK Dons when they also completed the double by claiming the Football League Trophy in 2008. He followed Paul Ince to Blackburn Rovers soon after and has coached some of England's top players in recent times including Matthew Le Tissier and Paul Gascoigne.
Management.
In May 2010 Russell joined Mansfield Town as assistant manager to David Holdsworth. Following Holdsworth's sacking in November of that year, Russell was placed as caretaker manager, before taking control of the team on a permanent basis. Russell's contract was not renewed at the end of the 2010/11 season and he subsequently left Field Mill.Duncan’s final game as Mansfield Town manager came at Wembley Stadium in the FA Trophy Final on 7 May 2011 which Mansfield lost extremely late in extra time to Darlington 1-0.
On 30 May 2013 he was appointed manager of Hucknall Town, although less than six weeks later he left the club as he was not prepared to drop two leagues.
References.
http://www.thisisnottingham.co.uk/Hucknall-Town-new-boss/story-19133280-detail/story.html#axzz2UThVCkeP

</doc>
<doc id="31092601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092601" title="List of DTH Operators in India">
List of DTH Operators in India

The following is a list of DTH Operators in India. DTH stands for Direct-To-Home television. DTH is defined as the reception of satellite programmes with a personal dish in an individual home.
DTH does away with the need for the local cable operator and puts the broadcaster directly in touch with the consumer. Only cable operators can receive satellite programmes and they then distribute them to individual homes.
Subscriber Base.
India's had around 55 million DTH subscribers served by 7 DTH operators as of August 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="31092612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092612" title="Robin Aisher">
Robin Aisher

Robin Aisher (born 24 January 1934) is a British sailor. He won a bronze medal in the 5.5 Metre class at the 1968 Summer Olympics together with Adrian Jardine and Paul Anderson

</doc>
<doc id="31092627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092627" title="They Got Me Covered">
They Got Me Covered

They Got Me Covered (1943) is a comedy film starring Bob Hope and Dorothy Lamour. The comedy movie was directed by David Butler. Otto Preminger appears in a supporting role. It is also known as Washington Story and The Washington Angle.
Plot summary.
In the middle of WWII, acclaimed Pulitzer Prize-winning newspaper reporter Robert "Kit" Kittredge returns to the U.S. from his position as Moscow correspondent. He is fired for his incompetency by his editor, Norman Mason, the minute he comes back, since he has neglected to report that Germany recently has invaded Russia.
Kit goes to see his girlfriend, stenographer Christina Hill, at work in another newspaper in Washington D.C. Their meeting is stopped when one of Kit's Romanian informers, Gregory Vanescu, claims to have a big scoop for Kit.
Before he can tell Kit his story, he is shot by Nazi spies and runs into hiding, telling Kit to send Christina to the Lincoln Memorial by midnight that night, wearing a red purse and a green umbrella. To get the required accessories, Christina asks her friend Sally Branch to meet her at the monument by midnight, but by mistake Kit drives Christina to the wrong monument that night.
Sally shows up at the correct memorial and when Vanescu sees her, he believes she is Christina. Sally gets to transcribe the extensive information Vanescu has to offer, which tells of a plan to perform terror attacks on the city. Sally jots down all the information in Christina's monogrammed notebook.
Just as the meeting finishes, Nazi agents appear and steal the notebook. Realizing their mistake, Kit and Christina go to Sally's apartment and waits for her there together with her roommates and her boyfriend, Red, who is a marine.
Sally soon returns and tells the others what happened. Meanwhile, the Nazi agents realize they can't interpret Sally's handwriting. The Nazis come to Sally's apartment and "steal" her away. Christina wants them to call the FBI, but Kit is anxious to get his scoop and his job back, so he only pretends to call them.
Kit goes to look for Vanescu at a nightclub where he knows the man has been hiding before. There he finds a gypsy woman who shows him to a private room on the second floor, where two spies await - Olga and Otto Fauscheim. Olga poses as Vanescu's wife and persuades Kit to help her find her missing husband.
Olga tries to scare Kit off by leading him to an old house of an old delusional veteran, but Kit strokes the man the right way, and is instead able to discover Vanescu's dead body.
Otto decides they instead try to break Kit by ruining his reputation and career. They manage to drug Kit with a doped cigarette and when he is knocked out makes him marry one of the showgirls, Gloria the Glow Girl, at the night club.
The plan fails, as Christina realizes Kit has been set up. Kit has managed to keep a handkerchief from Olga, and Christina and her friends start tracing the perfume on it. Before Gloria can disclose the plan she was involved in to trick him, she is stabbed and killed by the spies.
Kit is quickly suspected of murdering Gloria. He flees but is captured by another agent working for the enemy, Baldanacco. Christina finds out that the perfume on the handkerchief was purchased at a particular beauty salon, and she goes there to find clues. The salon is owned by the night club owner, and she suspects them of working with the spies.
It turns out Olga runs the salon, and she recognizes the monogramme on Christina's bag, which matches the one on Sally's notebook. Kit is held hostage in another room at the salon, but manages to escape his bonds and run into hiding. By accident he hears the Axis agents speak in the showroom.
Kit hears all about the spy ring's plan to blow up the city. Kit takes on the agents and manage to hold them off until the rest of his friends arrive, including Ted the Marine and his soldier buddies. The spies are defeated and the police arrive. Christina and Kit reunite in a kiss, and his friends discuss the possibility of another Pulitzer Prize because of this new scoop.

</doc>
<doc id="31092637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092637" title="Sun Cats">
Sun Cats

The Sun Cats are a Swedish rock & roll band founded in 1979 in response to the death of Elvis. Originally they played 1950s cover songs before writing their own music in the 1980s, their most famous song being Jailhouse Rockabilly. Their sound is comparable to contemporary American cowpunk and rockabilly bands The Blasters and the Stray Cats.

</doc>
<doc id="31092648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092648" title="Popular (Eric Saade song)">
Popular (Eric Saade song)

"Popular" is an English language song written by Fredrik Kempe and performed by Swedish singer Eric Saade. It is the second single from Saade’s second album "Saade Vol. 1" and was the Swedish entry in Eurovision Song Contest 2011. It was first released on 28 February 2011 in Sweden and topped the Swedish Singles Chart. It has been covered by Elena Paparizou.
Background.
The song was written by Fredrik Kempe and Naan A.K.A Whigfield and produced by Peter Boström and Larry Pignagnoli
Eurovision Song Contest.
On 19 February 2011, Eric Saade competed in the semi-final of Melodifestivalen 2011 with "Popular". He won the final on 12 March 2011 with 193 points overall and was the Swedish entry for Eurovision Song Contest 2011.
During his performance, Saade had glass box wall on stage that is supposed to break. In the first rehearsal, that did not work. Therefore, Sweden had an extra rehearsal 2011. About the rehearsals in Eurovision Song Contest, Saade said: “It feels great after the first rehearsal. I just focused on all the important stuff, like cameras and angles. I'm gonna focus a little bit more on the singing and dancing part on the next rehearsal.”
Saade performed on 12 May 2011 in the second semi-final of Eurovision Song Contest in eighth position in the lineup. Popular was the last song to have been announced to qualify for the Grand Final. It was later revealed that he finished first in the second semi-final. On 14 May 2011, he performed the song in the final in seventh position in the lineup. Saade came in third place with 185 points, which was the best result for Sweden since 1999 when Charlotte Perrelli won with the song "Take Me to Your Heaven". It was also Sweden’s fifth third place in Eurovision history. He came in second place in the televoting only two points behind the winner Azerbaijan.
Other versions.
An album remix and a slow version of the song were released on 14 March 2011 in Sweden. On 25 May 2011, a remix by the SoundFactory was released in Sweden.
Critical reception.
In general, "Popular" received positive reviews from critics. Popjustice wrote that it is better than their entry for Eurovision Song Contest 2011 and that “this is just one of the song that will make the United Kingdom look stupid at this year's Eurovision.“ "billcsistunedon.wordpress.com" wrote that the single “is the best and most captivating song of 2011“. "myfizzypop.blogspot.com" wrote that “the song is an instant pop classic that deserves much wider success across the globe.“
Although personally Blue's song had more lyrics and more inventive whereas Popular is fairly bog standard and lacks any meaning or purchase apart from him apparebtly being 'Popular'.
"rantsofadiva.blogspot.com" wrote that “there's nothing especially noteworthy about either the lyrics or the message of 'Popular', both of which are pretty standard fare as far as dance-pop tracks go. But there is something in Saade's delivery, particularly in the last minute of the song where things go absolutely off the rails and Saade is wailing and crying and singing his heart out, that elevates this song to classic status.“
Awards, nominations and certifications.
The song won the ESC Radio Award 2011 in the category "Best Song" and the Scandipop Award 2012 in the category "Best Male Single". It was also nominated for a Rockbjörnen Award 2011 in the category "Best Swedish Song" and is nominated for a Grammi 2012 in the category "Song of the Year". The SoundFactory Remix of the song was nominated for a Scandipop Award 2012 in the category "Best Remix".
"Popjustice.com" has named the song "Song of the Day". On 15 May 2011, the same website has named the slow version "Song of the Day". In December 2011, the same website has listed the original song on number three of their list "45 Best Singles 2011", "billcsistunedon.wordpress.com" has listed the song on number one of their list "Bill's Top 75 Songs of 2011" and "myfizzypop.blogspot.com" has listed the song on number five of their list "Best of 2011". In January 2012, "rantsofadiva.blogspot.com" has listed the song on number four of their list "Top 50 Singles of 2011".
As of July 2011, "Popular" has been sold over 40.000 times and received Double Platinum in Sweden.
Music video.
A censored version of the music video of the song was released on 14 April 2011. The music video includes a dance battle.
Elena Paparizou cover.
In March 2012, Greek-Swedish singer Elena Paparizou sang her version of "Popular" during the final of the 2012 Melodifestivalen. Her performance was recorded and released as a single, her first in five years in Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="31092649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092649" title="Bog Stop">
Bog Stop

Bog Stop (pronounced "BUG STUP", meaning "Move Stop") is a televised Irish language children's quiz show, produced by Abú Media for TG4, presented by Máire Treasa Ní Dhubhghaill, and shown on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays. Each fortnight, three schools compete to win a trophy.
Six shows are recorded in one day, to be broadcast over six days (Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays for two weeks). Six students from each school compete on the game show, one for each day. Each series consists of 66 episodes, with 33 schools taking part.
The show is a version of the original Australian show, Go Go Stop. The format has also been used in Belgium and Turkey.
The shows are recorded in the Black Box Theatre in Galway, over 11 days around April, for broadcasting in January to June of the following year. The fourth series was recorded in April 2010 and was broadcast in 2011 on TG4 on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 4:30 pm, with a repeat of the previous three episodes on Sunday mornings.
For the first series in 2008, the shows were broadcast Monday to Friday, with five students from each of three schools taking part over one week. Three different schools would compete the following week. 
Since the second series in 2009, the schedule has been Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays, with six students from each of three schools taking part over two weeks. Three different schools compete every two weeks.
The game.
The players walk on an inclined surface called the "Zone", which is made up of thirty plasma screens arranged in a rectangle five screens wide and six screens high. The players have to answer questions with two multiple-choice answers with control pads attached to their wrists. Only the correct-answering players are allowed to move down the zone.
Before the round, the players take up a space at the top of the zone, and when they answer correctly, they can take a step onto a plasma screen. Their plasma screen lights up a command. The player must obey this command.
The contestants.
Six students from each of the three schools compete over the fortnight.
Rounds.
Round 1.
In Round 1 there are three players. Answering a question correctly scores 10 points, and stepping off the game zone scores 25 points.
Round 2.
Round 2 is similar to round 1, except correct answers are worth 15 points. The player with the lowest score is eliminated in this round.
Round 3.
Round 3 is called "Faoi Dhó". There are only two players in this round as one was eliminated in round 2. Answering a question correctly is worth 20 points, and stepping off the game zone is worth 50 points. The player with the lowest score is eliminated.
Round 4.
Round 4 is called "Gluais is Duais". The top scoring player goes to Round 4. This round is for the winner to win prizes for themselves. There are five questions in five categories to choose from, which are true or false questions. Five prizes are hidden in the game zone, and before the round begins are revealed for a few seconds.
The round lasts for 60 seconds. The player stands on a category, which are on the five plasma screens at the front of the game zone. They then must yell out the name of the category, and the host reads the question to them. Once the question has been read out, the player must run to the other end of the game zone and jump on a screen that says "fíor" (true) or "bréagach" (false).
If they are correct, the player can go to a screen they think has a prize. If it has a prize, the player wins it. The round ends when time runs out, when the player has won all five prizes, or when all categories have been used.
Questions.
Questions on "Bog Stop" are always asked with a multiple choice of two answers.

</doc>
<doc id="31092650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092650" title="Lauro Müller Futebol Clube">
Lauro Müller Futebol Clube

Lauro Müller Futebol Clube, commonly known as Lauro Müller, was a Brazilian football club based in Itajaí, Santa Catarina state. They won the Campeonato Catarinense once.
History.
The club was founded on July 23, 1924. Lauro Müller won the Campeonato Catarinense in 1931. The club's football department was incorporated to Clube Náutico Almirante Barroso's football department on March 7, 1951.
Stadium.
Lauro Müller Futebol Clube played their home games at Estádio Aníbal Torres Costa. The stadium had a maximum capacity of 15,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31092657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092657" title="All About Aubrey">
All About Aubrey

All About Aubrey is a reality television series from Oxygen that premiered on March 7, 2011. The show follows pop star Aubrey O'Day as she mounts a solo comeback after being fired from multi-platinum girl group Danity Kane by Sean Combs on MTV's "Making the Band".

</doc>
<doc id="31092658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092658" title="Adrian Jardine">
Adrian Jardine

Adrian Jardine (born 23 August 1933) is a British sailor. He won a bronze medal in the 5.5 Metre class at the 1968 Summer Olympics together with Robin Aisher and Paul Anderson

</doc>
<doc id="31092672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092672" title="Patricia Kaliati">
Patricia Kaliati

Patricia Annie Kaliati is a Malawian politician and former educator who has held various ministerial positions in the Cabinet of Malawi.
Early life and education.
Patricia Kaliati was born in 1967 in the village Nkando, Mulanje, Southern Region, Malawi. She trained as a teacher in 1988 receiving a Primary School Teaching Certificate from Bembeke Teachers College and later obtained a Diploma in Human Resource Management. Upon completion of her formal education, she taught in primary and secondary schools from 1993 to 1999. 
She also sang regularly in the Women's Guild for the Church of Central Africa, Presbyterian.
Political career.
In the 1999 general election Patricia Kaliati was elected Member of Parliament for Mulanje West Constituency on a United Democratic Front ticket, a position she continues to hold. 
In 2000 she was appointed Deputy Minister of Health to the Bakili Muluzi administration. Kaliati was then shuffled to Deputy Minister of National Public Events (2002–2004) and then Deputy Minister of Local Government. She was re-elected in 2004 and was appointed Minister of Information and Tourism, renamed Minister of Information and Civic Education in May 2007, holding that position until May 2009.
In the May 2009 elections Patricia Kaliati was again elected on the Democratic Progressive Party ticket.
Kaliati was appointed Minister of Gender, Children and Community Development in the cabinet that became effective on 15 June 2009.
She was dropped from the cabinet on 9 August 2010. 
She was appointed Minister of Information and Civic Education in September 2011.
Controversy.
Kaliati has been an outspoken and controversial member of the cabinet.
In February 2012 Kaliati condemned the "Weekend Times" tabloid for its page 8 girls, which she described as pornographic and misogynistic. 
In March 2012 she was accused of threatening a journalist who had written an article critical of her performance in the cabinet.
After the death of President Bingu wa Mutharika, she was involved in a constitutional crisis in Malawi and was dubbed as one of the 'midnight six'. President wa Mutharika died on April 5, 2012 and there was an attempted constitutional coup that she is connected to. On 6 April 2012 Kaliati addressed a press conference as government spokesperson,
She said "Honourable Joyce Banda is not eligible to take over the leadership of this country because she formed her own party". 
Joyce Banda was sworn in as President the next day.
Personal life.
As of 2009 Patricia Kaliati was married with four children.

</doc>
<doc id="31092675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092675" title="Elizabeth Chater">
Elizabeth Chater

Elizabeth Eileen Chater (Vancouver, Canada, August 22, 1910 – November 10, 2004)
Biography.
Chater was born August 22, 1910 in Vancouver, Canada. Her father was a successful attorney who provided a home with a library filled with books. At a time when women were not encouraged to seek higher education, she attended the University of British Columbia at sixteen. While there, she was the President of the Debating Society, Vice President of the senior class, and graduated with honors with a Bachelor of Arts degree. She was married to Melville Thomas Chater in 1932. They moved to Chicago while he attended George Williams College. Returning to Toronto, where he worked for the YMCA, they started their family of three children: Elizabeth Patricia, Eve Lynn, and Kerry Michael. They moved to the United States in 1952. It was during this time that she started writing and teaching at Palos Verdes College.
Under the pseudonym Lee Chaytor, she published several stories in the popular science fiction magazine "Fantastic Universe". In 1961, she became a professor at San Diego State College, and was awarded a Master's degree with honors. It was there that she began a pioneering effort by teaching a course in Science Fiction Creative Writing with Greg Bear as her teacher's assistant. Among the faculty at the time were authors Vernor Vinge and Joan D. Vinge. Patricia Elgin was a student of hers. Her classes were enormously popular. In 1968 she won the Distinguished Teacher Award and in 1977 she won the Outstanding Teacher of the Year Award. She taught for seventeen years, attaining full tenure, and retired as a Professor Emeritus. Her professorial legacy survives in the Special Collections Department of SDSU where the Chater Collection is not only archived, but still used by college professors as a teaching tool. The Chater collection includes a one of a kind original manuscript written by her, and original manuscripts both typed and handwritten by author Joan D. Vinge. There is also her science fiction collection of over 2,500 books and periodicals that she generously donated to the school, a collection that continues to grow through donations from students and faculty. There are now more than 4,000 books in the collection.
After the death of her beloved Mel in 1978, and with the help of her former student and great friend Greg Bear, she formed a partnership with famed New York literary agent Richard Curtis. She went on to publish twenty-three novels in eight years. During this time, she was also on the lecture circuit giving inspirational talks on history and religion, topics of great interest for her. 
Elizabeth passed on peacefully on November 10, 2004 at the age of 94.
Personal life.
She was the mother of Gary Puckett and the Union Gap bassist Kerry Chater, and the grandmother of science fiction author Christopher John Chater.

</doc>
<doc id="31092693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092693" title="Dixie, Baker County, Oregon">
Dixie, Baker County, Oregon

Dixie is an unincorporated community in Baker County, Oregon, United States. It is located on the Burnt River about five miles north of Lime. Dixie was so-named because it is near the confluence of the Burnt River and Dixie Creek, which in turn was named for the many gold miners from the U.S. South (nicknamed "Dixie") who worked on the creek. Dixie post office was opened in 1913 and closed in 1924. The post office was located near the railroad along the Burnt River rather than in the mining area.

</doc>
<doc id="31092697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092697" title="Paul Anderson (sailor)">
Paul Anderson (sailor)

Paul Anderson OBE (born 26 February 1935) is a British sailor. He won a bronze medal in the 5.5 Metre class at the 1968 Summer Olympics together with Robin Aisher and Adrian Jardine.
Anderson was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2011 Birthday Honours for services to Special Olympics Great Britain.
Retired from the corporate world after more than 35 years in the oil industry, Paul joined the Special Olympics Movement in 1990 as Special Olympics Director General of Europe with the remit to develop and grow the Movement across Europe. Under Paul’s leadership (1990-1994) the number of countries running Special Olympics programmes in Europe doubled.
From 1994 Paul was at the helm of Special Olympics in Great Britain until his retirement in 2000. In 2002, Paul joined the Board of Directors as Vice Chairman.
Paul is former Chairman and current Committee Member of The Olympians and current Chairman of the Harlequins Old Players Association.

</doc>
<doc id="31092702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092702" title="John Loves Mary">
John Loves Mary

John Loves Mary is a 1949 film directed by David Butler. It stars Ronald Reagan, Patricia Neal and Jack Carson. This was Patricia Neal's film debut.
Based on Broadway play "John Loves Mary" written by Norman Krasna, Feb 04, 1947 - Feb 07, 1948 at the Booth Theatre and Music Box Theatre, New York, NY.
Plot summary.
John Lawrence (Ronald Reagan) is a returning GI. Mary McKinley (Patricia Neal in her film debut) is the girl he left behind.
But their reunion will have to wait: John has returned with cockney war bride Lilly Herbish (Virginia Field) in tow. It seems that John married Lilly as a favor to get her into the U.S., intending to divorce her so that she can wed her true love, John's old pal Fred Taylor (Jack Carson).
Original play.
John Loves Mary was a highly popular play, running for 423 performances.
The debut production was directed by Joshua Logan.

</doc>
<doc id="31092714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092714" title="Capital punishment in Vietnam">
Capital punishment in Vietnam

Capital punishment is a legal form of punishment in Vietnam. Capital punishment (the death penalty) is a special punishment only applied for persons who commit serious crimes. The death penalty cannot be applied to juvenile offenders, pregnant women, and women nursing children under 36 months old at the time the crime was committed or being tried. These cases are commuted to life imprisonment.
Twenty-nine articles in the Penal Code allow the death penalty as an optional punishment. Executions were once carried out by a firing squad of seven policemen, where the prisoners were blindfolded and tied to stakes. The firing squad was replaced by lethal injection in November 2011 after the Law on Execution of Criminal Judgments (in article 59(1)) was passed by the National Assembly.
Crimes carrying capital punishment in Vietnam.
According to the Penal Code, the following chapters contain the relevant articles that apply to capital punishment.

</doc>
<doc id="31092716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092716" title="Lists of largest California cities">
Lists of largest California cities

The largest California cities are grouped into the following lists:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="31092730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092730" title="Paula Ramos Esporte Clube">
Paula Ramos Esporte Clube

Paula Ramos Esporte Clube, is a sports club based in Florianópolis, the capital of the south Brazilian state of Santa Catarina, founded on 15 December 1937. The football team of the club played its home matches at the Estádio Trindade which had a maximum capacity of 5,000 people.
The football team of Paula Ramos won between 1947 and 1964 six times the city championship of Florianópolis. Highlight was the victory in the State Championship of Santa Catarina, the Campeonato Catarinense, in 1959. In later years the club abandoned professional sports.

</doc>
<doc id="31092733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092733" title="Nova Scotia Gaming Corporation">
Nova Scotia Gaming Corporation

The Nova Scotia Gaming Corporation (NSGC) is a Crown corporation governed by the provincial Gaming Control Act.
The Nova Scotia government, and ultimately the people of Nova Scotia, are the shareholders and owners of the gaming industry in the Province. The industry is licensed and regulated by the Alcohol and Gaming Division of the Department of Labour and Advanced Education. It is managed by NSGC.
The Corporation's role is to ensure the gaming industry is as socially responsible as possible, while generating reasonable profits. The provincial government makes the big picture, policy decisions about how the industry will be operated in Nova Scotia. NSGC manages and implements those decisions. NSGC also oversees and manages the gaming operators who carry out the day-to-day business of gaming - Casino Nova Scotia (CNS) and Atlantic Lottery.
Mandate.
The Nova Scotia Gaming Corporation (NSGC) is responsible for the business of gaming in Nova Scotia. It is a Crown corporation governed by the provincial Gaming Control Act, and is charged with leading an economically sustainable and socially responsible gaming industry for the benefit of Nova Scotians and their communities.
Operations include ticket lotteries, video lotteries and casinos. The day-to-day operations of NSGC's businesses are carried out by its operators. The Atlantic Lottery Corporation (ALC) operates the ticket and video lottery businesses and the Great Canadian Gaming Corporation (GCGC) owns and operates Casino Nova Scotia (CNS) in Halifax and Sydney.
In delegating the day-to-day operations of the lines of business to these operators, NSGC works to ensure that both ALC and GCGC:
Video Lottery.
In Nova Scotia, the Atlantic Lottery Corporation acts as the Nova Scotia Gaming Corporation's (NSGC) agent in operating both ticket and video lottery programs in the Province.
Ticket Lottery.
The Nova Scotia Gaming Corporation's (NSGC) oldest line of business in the province is ticket lotteries. Tickets have been offered in Nova Scotia since 1976.
The Atlantic Lottery Corporation (ALC) operates ticket lotteries for NSGC. Tickets include national draw games like Lotto 6/49 and Lotto Max; regional draw games like Bucko, Salsa Bingo, Keno Lottery,Twist and TAG; Scratch'n Win games such as Crossword and Bingo; breakopen games like Criss Cross, as well as sports games like PRO•LINE, PRO•LINE Pools and PRO•LINE Totals.
Casinos.
Ten years after Casino Nova Scotia (CNS) began operating, a new operator and a new casino contract took over. On May 31, 2005, Great Canadian Gaming Corporation (GCGC) took ownership over both CNS properties.

</doc>
<doc id="31092746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092746" title="2011 Cachantún Cup – Singles">
2011 Cachantún Cup – Singles

Máximo González was the defending champion from the last edition of the tournament in 2009. He reached the final, where he defeated Éric Prodon 7–5, 0–6, 6–2.

</doc>
<doc id="31092758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092758" title="Look for the Silver Lining (film)">
Look for the Silver Lining (film)

Look for the Silver Lining is a 1949 "Warner Brothers" musical/biography of Broadway singer-dancer "Marilyn Miller" directed by David Butler. It stars June Haver and Ray Bolger. It was nominated for an Academy Award for best scoring for a musical picture in 1950. Although the film was popular and made a profit, Haver's performance of Marilyn Miller has been somewhat overlooked in comparison to the more memorable portrayal of Miller by "Judy Garland" in "Till the Clouds Roll By", the 1946 "MGM" musical biography of the composer "Jerome Kern". 

</doc>
<doc id="31092776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092776" title="Dixie, Grant County, Oregon">
Dixie, Grant County, Oregon

Dixie is an unincorporated historic community in Grant County, Oregon, United States. It was a station on the Sumpter Valley Railway near Dixie Summit. The station was named for Dixie Creek, a tributary of the John Day River near Prairie City. The creek was named for the many gold miners from the U.S. South (nicknamed "Dixie") who worked claims on the creek.

</doc>
<doc id="31092790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092790" title="Les Farnen">
Les Farnen

Austin Leslie Farnen (better known as Les Farnen, 17 September 1919 – January 1985) was an English professional footballer. After serving in the military during the Second World War, Farnen joined Football League Third Division South side Watford in April 1946. He played at centre half for every competitive fixture of the 1946–47 season, but then made 27 appearances in his second season, and was released after only eight appearances for Watford in 1948–49. Farnen went on to join Bradford City, making eight further appearances in the Football League. He then joined Gloucester City in the Southern Football League making 25 appearances.
He died in Harrow in January 1985, aged 65.

</doc>
<doc id="31092813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092813" title="Zaitao">
Zaitao

Zaitao (23 June 1887 - 2 September 1970), pseudonym Yeyun (), was a Manchu prince of the Qing Dynasty. He was a half-brother of the Guangxu Emperor and an uncle of China's last emperor Puyi.
Biography.
Zaitao was born of the Manchu Aisin Gioro clan as the seventh son of Yixuan, Prince Chun of the First Rank. His family was under the Plain Red Banner of the Eight Banners. He was later adopted by Yihe (奕詥), Prince Zhong of the Second Rank, because Yihe had no successor.
In 1890, during the reign of the Guangxu Emperor, Zaitao was conferred the title of "Second Class General Who Guards the Nation" (二等鎮國將軍). In 1908 he and Tieliang (鐵良) were appointed as "zongsi jicha" (總司稽察; a type of inspector-official). A year later in 1909, during the reign of the Xuantong Emperor (Puyi), he was put in charge of the military consultant department (軍諮處). The following year, he visited eight countries - Japan, the United States, Britain, France, Germany, Italy, Austria and Russia - to observe and learn from their more advanced military forces. In May 1910 he was sent to Britain as an ambassador and represented the Qing Dynasty at the funeral of King Edward VII.
In 1911 Zaitao was appointed as a minister of the military consultant department (軍諮大臣) and placed in charge of the Imperial Guards (禁衛軍). He was also designated as the commander of the Mongol Bordered Yellow Banner. In January 1912, after the fall of the Qing Dynasty, Zaitao, Zaixun, and others from the imperial clan, founded the "zongshe dang" (宗社黨) to preserve their ancestral temple, but this organisation was disbanded in March. In 1917 when the warlord Zhang Xun briefly restored the abdicated Last Emperor Puyi to the throne, Zaitao was appointed as commanding officer of the Imperial Guards (禁衛軍司令).
In 1931 Zaitao was recruited by the Nationalist government to join the National Crisis Conference (國難會議). After the People's Republic of China was established in 1949, Zaitao was a member of the National People's Congress and Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference.
Zaitao fancied horses. In his early years he studied cavalry warfare in France's Saumur Cavalry School (索米騎兵學校). After 1949 he served as a consultant on horses in the artillery department of the People's Liberation Army.
Zaitao was also interested in Peking opera. He was trained in both long and short range types of performing martial arts, and specialised in playing monkey roles in opera. He was tutored by Yang Xiaolou (楊小樓) and Zhang Qilin (張淇林). Opera actor Li Wanchun (李萬春) trained under Zaitao for three years.
Zaitao died in Beijing in 1970 at the age of 82.

</doc>
<doc id="31092834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092834" title="Nofaliya">
Nofaliya

Nofaliya or Nawfaliya ( "Nawfalīyah") is a town in the desert in the Sirte District of Libya. 
It is located in the former Bin Jawad District, around 20 km west of Bin Jawad and 15 km south east of ‘Uwayja.
During World War II it was the site of a brief skirmish in late 1942 when some of Erwin Rommel's retreating forces ran out of fuel. At the time Nofaliya was home to small fort and a few Italian buildings in addition to a mosque, some shops and a school.

</doc>
<doc id="31092839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092839" title="Michael Kernan">
Michael Kernan

Michael Jenkins Kernan, Jr. (April 29, 1927 – May 4, 2005) was an American author and journalist.
Biography.
Kernan was born in Utica, New York and grew up outside Clinton, New York. His father Michael J. Kernan (1884–1953) was an investment broker and New York State Senator. His great-grandfather Francis Kernan (1816–1892) was a U.S. Senator (D-NY). Kernan graduated from Harvard University in 1949.
Kernan worked for the "Watertown Daily Times" from 1949 until 1953. From 1953 to 1966 he was an editor and reporter for the "Redwood City Tribune", a paper in California.
In 1967, Kernan began work at The "Washington Post". In 1969, he became one of the founding journalists of the new Post's Style section. He would remain at the Post in the Style section for the rest of his primary career, writing articles on a wide variety of subjects, including about his speech impediment of stuttering. Kernan's final story as a staff writer was on June 18, 1989.
Benjamin C. Bradlee, executive editor of The Post, described Kernan as a "poet in newspaperman's clothing." Mary Hadar, former editor of the Post's Style section, said "He was a glorious writer who could make anything interesting." The Post published a special appreciation for Kernan.
Works.
Kernan published a work of non-fiction "The Violet Dots" (1978) about a British soldier who fought in the Battle of the Somme in World War I and a novel "The Lost Diaries of Frans Hals" (1994).
He published more than 100 articles for the "Smithsonian Magazine", including seven years writing the "Around the Mall and Beyond" column.
Some of his articles for the Washington Post include:

</doc>
<doc id="31092845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092845" title="L. Welch Pogue Award for Lifetime Achievement in Aviation">
L. Welch Pogue Award for Lifetime Achievement in Aviation

The L. Welch Pogue Award for Lifetime Achievement in Aviation was created by "Aviation Week & Space Technology" to be presented to an individual who is "considered a visionary and a preeminent leader of contemporary aviation."In 2011, the International Aviation Club of Washington, D.C., and the Jones Day law firm partnered with "Aviation Week" to present the award.

</doc>
<doc id="31092850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092850" title="TrivWorks">
TrivWorks

TrivWorks is a professional trivia event company based in New York City. It is one of several corporate entertainment and team building company in New York City specializing exclusively in live trivia events.
TrivWorks was founded in 2009 by David Jacobson, a quizmaster whose pub quiz nights in Manhattan and Brooklyn have been included in roundups of the most popular trivia nights in New York City by New York Magazine, Time Out New York and CBS New York In January 2011, Pat Kiernan, longtime NY1 morning news anchor and former host of VH1's "The World Series of Pop Culture" joined TrivWorks as a "Special Host" available for select corporate team building events.

</doc>
<doc id="31092854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092854" title="Camillo Gargano">
Camillo Gargano

Camillo Gargano (born 30 January 1942) is an Italian sailor. He won a bronze medal in the Star class at the 1968 Summer Olympics together with Franco Cavallo.

</doc>
<doc id="31092862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092862" title="The Daughter of Rosie O'Grady">
The Daughter of Rosie O'Grady

"The Daughter of Rosie O'Grady" is a 1950 musical film directed by David Butler. It stars June Haver and Gordon MacRae.
Plot.
At the end of the Spanish–American War in 1898, grumpy and overprotective Irish widower Dennis O'Grady (James Barton) has three daughters. The oldest, Katie (Marcia Mae Jones), welcomes her husband James Moore (Sean McClory), whom she has married in secret, home from the army, The youngest two Patricia (June Haver) and Maureen (Debbie Reynolds) pass a vaudeville theater owned by Tony Pastor (Gordon MacRae). Patricia recognizes the man from earlier that afternoon when he mocked her father, and she scolds him for his actions.
Dennis is advised by his friend Miklos (S. Z. Sakall) to warn his daughters about the immoral behavior of most men before it is too late. He is not aware of Katie's marriage and pregnancy, nor Patricia's flirtations with a vaudeville actor. Since the death of his wife Rosie – a famous vaudeville actress – Dennis has been wary of vaudeville, feeling that the hard life of vaudevillians was the cause of Rosie's death. When Patricia is caught by her father accompanying Tony, she lies that Tony is a college student. Dennis is impressed by the young man, and decides that he would be perfect to date Katie. Patricia is upset but keeps quiet, afraid of her father's judgment.
Patricia tells Tony that she is interested in joining him on the stage, but Tony thinks she should tell her father the truth. Dennis is outraged when he learns about Tony's connections to the vaudeville, and locks Patricia in her room, but she sneaks out to join Tony on the stage, where she quickly becomes a big hit. Dennis, meanwhile, learns that one of his daughters is expecting twins, and decides that Patricia must be the one. Devastated, he gets drunk and gets in trouble with the police. He disowns all his daughters – including innocent Maureen. 
Lonely without his daughters, Dennis becomes ill. Patricia is informed by Miklos about her father's health, and quickly gathers her sisters and their lovers to take care of him. Dennis initially does not accept their company, until he finds out that Katie has just given birth to triplets. Afterwards, Patricia and Tony get engaged.
Cast.
Cast notes
Production.
The film has been in preproduction for years before its release with the working title of "A Night at Tony Pastor's". A 1942 article announced that George Raft would play the lead role.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="31092864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092864" title="Rumpole and the Primrose Path">
Rumpole and the Primrose Path

" Rumpole and the Primrose Path " is a light hearted legal comedy, one of six short stories in an anthology by writer John Mortimer. It is the 12th in a series based in part on his own past experiences as a barrister but also notable for their use of themes topical at the time each was published. It begins with the eponymous hero marooned in a nursing home where he feels some shady business is going on. It was later the first episode in a short series of 45 minute radio plays starring real life husband and wife duo Timothy West and Prunella Scales.
The additional stories were:

</doc>
<doc id="31092888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092888" title="Oxford Centre for Buddhist Studies">
Oxford Centre for Buddhist Studies

The Oxford Centre for Buddhist Studies (OCBS) was founded in 2004 by Prof Richard Gombrich, Emeritus Boden Professor of Sanskrit at the University of Oxford. The Centre is a Recognised Independent Centre of the University of Oxford.
The OCBS is interdisciplinary in its approach to the broad field of Buddhist Studies and is most closely associated with the Buddhist Studies Unit of the Faculty of Oriental Studies
The Centre arranges a broad range of seminars and lectures each year. It was responsible for the establishment of the first endowed Chair of Buddhist Studies in Oxford. The Numata Professor of Buddhist Studies is a Fellow of Balliol College, and a member of the Faculty of Oriental Studies.
The OCBS, in partnership with Equinox, publishes the Oxford Centre for Buddhist Studies Monographs, Edited by Richard Gombrich.

</doc>
<doc id="31092906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092906" title="Dixie, Washington County, Oregon">
Dixie, Washington County, Oregon

Dixie is an unincorporated historic community in Washington County, Oregon, United States. Dixie post office was established five or six miles southwest of Scappoose in 1887, with John Dix as the first postmaster. The office was named for the Dix family and not for the U.S. South. The office closed in 1924, but when real estate was being sold in the area in 1933, a name for the locality was needed for marketing reasons. When a vote was held at a community picnic around 1936 or 1937, 80 of the attendees chose the name "Dixie" to commemorate the former post office and its postmaster.

</doc>
<doc id="31092911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092911" title="List of the Chairmen of the Parliament of the Kabardino-Balkar Republic">
List of the Chairmen of the Parliament of the Kabardino-Balkar Republic

The Chairman of the Parliament of Kabardino-Balkaria is the presiding officer of that legislature.

</doc>
<doc id="31092921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092921" title="União Esportiva">
União Esportiva

União Esportiva was a Brazilian football club based in Belém, Pará state. They won the Campeonato Paraense twice.
History.
The club was founded on August 15, 1906. União Esportiva won the Campeonato Paraense in 1908 and in 1910. The club folded in 1967.
Stadium.
União Esportiva played their home games at Baenão. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 17,518 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31092925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092925" title="The Command (film)">
The Command (film)

The Command is a 1954 CinemaScope Western film directed by David Butler. It stars Guy Madison and Gordon MacRae. It was based on the novel "Rear Guard" by James Warner Bellah and features a screenplay by Sam Fuller.
Plot.
Once the commanding officer of a cavalry patrol is killed, the ranking officer who must take command is an army doctor.

</doc>
<doc id="31092958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092958" title="Deinandra conjugens">
Deinandra conjugens

Deinandra conjugens (syn. "Hemizonia conjugens") is a rare species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names Otay tarplant and Otay tarweed. It is native to a small section of far northern Baja California in Mexico, its range extending north into San Diego County, California, in the United States. 
It is threatened by habitat destruction and degradation. It was federally listed as a threatened species in 1998.
Description.
"Deinandra conjugens" is an annual herb growing up to about in maximum height with a solid, bristly, gland-dotted stem. The lower leaves are hairy and lobed or toothed, and measure up to about 4.5 centimeters long. 
The inflorescence is made up of one or more flower heads, sometimes with many heads in clusters. The underside of the head is covered in phyllaries with many glands. Each head has 7 to 10 yellow ray florets no more than 6 millimeters long. Most ray florets have three tiny lobes at the tips. The center of the head is filled with yellow disc florets tipped with black, dark purple or red anthers. The flowers are most often pollinated by bees. 
The fruit is an achene. The achenes arising from the disc florets have pappi of white scales. Disc achenes germinate sooner than those from ray florets. Many achenes drop into the soil seed bank.
Distribution.
"Deinandra conjugens" grows in clay soils in several types of habitat, including grassland and maritime and inland coastal sage scrub. It tolerates some disturbance in its habitat, and low levels of grazing and road maintenance activities such as mowing are probably beneficial.
Most of the known occurrences of "Deinandra conjugens" are in San Diego County in the United States. They are located in the southern part of the county in areas such as Otay Mesa and Proctor Valley. The city of San Diego has a conservation plan for this species and monitors it. There are about 34 to 37 occurrences remaining; some known occurrences are thought to have been extirpated since the plant was federally listed. 
Conservation.
The region in which the plant lives is heavily impacted by development and other processes and exists now in a fragmented state. 70% of the plant's habitat within its range has been destroyed. Much of the territory previously threatened by development has been conserved within a number of nature reserves. Many are protected under a San Diego county ordinance. The San Diego National Wildlife Refuge created the Otay Tarplant Preserve, and Caltrans reserved a section of land for the plant near a busy highway. While many California populations are now protected, there are still many that are in danger of destruction. The status and distribution of this plant within Mexico are unknown.
Besides outright habitat destruction, the plant is affected by several processes of habitat degradaton. Introduced weeds have invaded the habitat, including brome grasses ("Bromus" spp.), wild oats ("Avena" spp.), and ryegrass ("Lolium perenne"). Off-road vehicles are used on some land that contains the plant, and trash dumping has been known to occur. The maintenance of rural roads that lead to utility outposts may affect the land. Many occurrences are near the international border, and Border Patrol activities affect the habitat there.

</doc>
<doc id="31092998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31092998" title="Tempa T">
Tempa T

Nicky Nyarko-Dei, known by his stage name Tempa T is an English Grime MC originating from East London. He is well known for his 2009 single "Next Hype" which is considered an anthem of the UK underground scene. Due to this song Tempa T is particularly known for his excitable nature, aggressive lyrics, physique and the use of the phrases "hype" and "par". He is featured on "Hypest Hype" by Chase & Status and has appeared in the British film "Shank" (2010), performing "Next Hype". Tempz is a former member of east London based grime crew Slew Dem. 
Early career.
His first public performance was in 2006 with Mike Crosby from Greater Manchester, SlewDem at The Chantelle Fiddy club night at 333 in Shoreditch. In 2007 he made himself known and recognised as the ‘angry Grime MC’ and ‘The hype man’, with his high energy and infectious stage presence. Tempa T's musical career was documented by Neo-Publishing.Inc in 2010 in Tempa T: Reviewing the Hype so Far. In May 2014 Tempa T announced his debut album "It's Bait, It's Bait" for release in July of the same year.

</doc>
<doc id="31093029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093029" title="Jump into Hell">
Jump into Hell

Jump into Hell is a 1955 film directed by David Butler. It stars Jacques Sernas and Kurt Kasznar in a fictionalised account of the Battle of Dien Bien Phu. 

</doc>
<doc id="31093034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093034" title="Kiersey, Oklahoma">
Kiersey, Oklahoma

Kiersey or Keirsey, also known as Mead Junction is an Unincorporated community 
located in Bryan County, Oklahoma. It had a post office from June 16, 1904 until November 30, 1920. It was named after William D. Keirsey, who was a local rancher. 

</doc>
<doc id="31093048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093048" title="Swing (2011 film)">
Swing (2011 film)

Swing is a short film, made in Kuwait in 2011, that sums up the story of life. The film, starring Ema Shah, Aida, and Karkar, was written and directed by Abdullah Al-Daihani, and edited by Yousef Al-Mujeem. The music was composed by Ibrahim Al-Mazidi.

</doc>
<doc id="31093111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093111" title="Glory (1956 film)">
Glory (1956 film)

Glory is a 1956 film directed by David Butler. It stars Margaret O'Brien and Walter Brennan.
Plot.
Agnes Tilbee and granddaughter Clarabell are excited about their Fairwood Farm's new foal, which they name Glory, although because it's a filly, her chances of becoming a championship racehorse aren't great.
The farm has financial difficulties. Clarabell is attracted to wealthy Chad Chadburn, who allows Glory to board and train at his stable. Chad is said to be engaged to Candy Trent, a rich snob whose fast car sometimes spooks the horses.
Agnes can barely afford her feed bill, which is why in spite of having parted ways, her former trainer Ned Otis pays the $50 she owes. Clarabell is heartsick when Agnes says the horse will need to be put up for auction. She enters Glory in races, but the filly isn't ready yet and always loses. Glory also goes lame, requiring care and a long rest.
A singer, Hoppy Hollis, takes an interest in Clarabell, who joins him on a song called "Glory' that becomes a success and earns them money. Agnes loses the horse in a poker game to Sobbing Sam Cooney, who is Chad's trainer, but Chad arranges for her to win the horse back.
Neighbors put up the entry fee for the Kentucky Derby so that Glory can be entered. Ned returns to train her, and Glory's surprising victory is a happy ending for all, including newly in love Clarabell and Chad.

</doc>
<doc id="31093133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093133" title="Kshitij Wagh">
Kshitij Wagh

Kshitij Wagh is an Indian playback singer and a music composer. 
He was contestant at the second season of "Indian Idol" in 2005 and 2006. His early education in music came from his father Ramesh Wagh. Later he also learnt music from Gandharva Mahavidyalaya, New Delhi.

</doc>
<doc id="31093189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093189" title="Aleksey Dudukalo">
Aleksey Dudukalo

Aleksey Dudukalo (, 6 October 1976 in Moscow) is a Russian auto racing driver. He raced in the World Touring Car Championship between 2011 and 2013.
Career.
Early years.
Dudukalo started his racing career in 1995 in autocross racing. Five years later he switched to single–seaters. Dudukalo competed in Russian Formula 1600, where he was third in 2004 (his best result in open wheel series). He has very successful in the Supertourism/Tourism 1600 (champion in 2003) and the Russian Honda Civic Cup/Super Light Cup (champion in 2004–06), as well as the Touring-Light class of the Russian Touring Car Championship (champion in 2008 and 2009). In 2009 he finished 20th in the SEAT León Eurocup for Rangoni Motorsport. He also competed in the SEAT León Supercopa with the same team. For 2010 Dudukalo switched to Sunred Engineering. He improved to seventh position in standings with a win at Brno.
World Touring Car Championship.
Lukoil-SUNRED (2011).
In 2011 Dudukalo moved up to the World Touring Car Championship, continuing his collaboration with SUNRED where he was joined by Gabriele Tarquini. He only scored points twice and finished the season 21st in the drivers' standings.
Lukoil Racing Team (2012).
Dudukalo was retained alongside Tarquini for 2012 with the team now run by Lukoil Racing. He had qualified eighth for the Race of Spain when his SEAT León WTCC caught fire in parc ferme. He qualified a career best second for the Race of Slovakia and finished in that position in race one behind his team mate to complete a Lukoil Racing Team 1–2, Dudukalo was also the Yokohama Independents' Trophy winner. However race two saw Dudukalo issued with a drive through penalty as all four of his wheels were not on the ground when the five minute board was shown on the grid. He started on pole position for race two of the Race of Austria but was overtaken at the start by the BMWs of Tom Coronel and Stefano D'Aste. Dudukalo was one of a few drivers who had to pit during the race for fresh tyres due to punctures. He clashed with former SEAT León Eurocup rival Gábor Wéber at the Race of Portugal and went into a gravel trap but both drivers were able to return to the pits. He then clashed with ROAL Motorsport's Alberto Cerqui in race two of the Race of Brazil which caused Cerqui to crash into the pit wall. At the Race of the United States, having made it through to Q2 he beached his car near the end of the first session and brought the red flags out. He was then caught in a pileup at the start of race one which forced him to retire. A clash with Mehdi Bennani in the first race of the Race of Japan earned Dudukalo a 30–second post race penalty. He was classified fifteenth in the drivers' championship although still some way off his team mate.
Lukoil Lada Sport (2013).
Dudukalo will race alongside James Thompson at Lukoil Lada Sport in 2013. During qualifying for the Race of Italy Dudukalo missed the braking point for the first chicane and collided with his team–mate. Dudukalo was given a five–place grid drop for race one following the collision with Thompson. Lada later withdrew both of their cars prior to the races as neither could be repaired in time to participate. The incident put Dudukalo's seat in doubt with the team considering bringing in a replacement driver. Prior to the Race of Morocco he was replaced at the team by Mikhail Kozlovskiy.

</doc>
<doc id="31093212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093212" title="Maidstone Borough Council election, 2004">
Maidstone Borough Council election, 2004

The 2004 Maidstone Council election took place on 10 June 2004 to elect members of Maidstone Borough Council in Kent, England. One third of the council was up for election and the council stayed under no overall control.
After the election, the composition of the council was
Background.
Before the election both the Conservative and Liberal Democrat parties had 21 seats, with 10 Labour and 3 independent councillors making up the council. 19 seats were being contested with the Conservatives and Liberal Democrats defending 7 each, Labour 4 and an independent 1 seat. A total of 80 candidates were standing in the election with both the Conservative and Labour parties having a full 19 candidates. The Liberal Democrats had 18 candidates, the United Kingdom Independence Party 17, Green party 5, British National Party 1 and 1 independent candidate.
Election result.
Overall turnout in the election was 39.33%.

</doc>
<doc id="31093213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093213" title="Luge at the 2012 Winter Youth Olympics">
Luge at the 2012 Winter Youth Olympics

Luge at the 2012 Winter Youth Olympics will take place at the Olympic Sliding Centre Innsbruck venue in Innsbruck, Austria.
Qualification System.
The rankings from the 2010-11 and 2011-12 Junior Luge world cup will be used to qualify entries. The maximum total for an NOC is 6 athletes (2 boys, 2 girls and one doubles), with a maximum total of 20 athletes in the singles and 15 in the doubles. If the host nation has not qualified the last quota spot is awarded to Austria. If an event does not have a enough qualifiers the quota spots left over will be allocated to the other events equally. A nation can enter the team event if it has qualified an athlete in each event. If spots are reallocated first priority will be given to nations that have not qualified an athlete yet. 
The current unofficial standings are:
As of the current qualification standings only 11 doubles would qualify. This would vacate 8 quota spots which would be reallocated to the boys' and girls' individual events (4 each).
Boys' Singles.
Boy's standings 
Boys' Doubles.
Doubles standings 
Girls' Singles.
Norway allocated spot as no other country without an athlete qualified fits the qualification criteria.

</doc>
<doc id="31093232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093232" title="Playmates (1941 film)">
Playmates (1941 film)

Playmates is a 1941 American comedy film directed by David Butler, and starring Kay Kyser and John Barrymore. This was Barrymore's final film.
Plot.
Lulu Monahan, played by Patsy Kelly is a press agent for John Barrymore, who plays himself. Lulu tries to get a sponsor for his radio program. Lulu and the agent for bandleader Kay Kyser, playing himself, make up a story that the great Shakespearean actor will teach Kyser how to play Shakespeare.

</doc>
<doc id="31093239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093239" title="Palace Playland">
Palace Playland

Palace Playland is a seasonal amusement park located in Old Orchard Beach, Maine. It has operated on the same site since 1902.
History.
In the 1900s, Palace Playland's startup decade, the then-small amusement park centered on a roller skating rink and adjacent merry-go-round. Simple summer refreshments were served, such as lemonade and salt water taffy. 
In the 1950s, Palace Playland was operated by future banker and philanthropist Bernard Osher, a Maine native. 
In the 1970s and '80s, Palace Playland was noted for operating a 1910 Philadelphia Toboggan Company carousel, PTC #19; however, in 1996 the valuable antique was withdrawn from service and moved to Ohio. 
In the 1990s, Palace Playland claimed to be "New England's largest pinball and video arcade." A guidebook writer recommended the park to "aficionados of the garish."
Today.
In the 2010s, Palace Playland describes itself as "New England's Only Beachfront Amusement Park." In 2010–11, the park tore down and replaced its ferris wheel. The Playland has positioned itself as a provider of amusement-park-experience services to French-speaking residents of Quebec, including offering a webpage in French. In 2012, Palace Playland is scheduled to operate from April 13 to October 8.
Palace Playland is located directly on the waterfront, across Maine State Route 9 from the Old Orchard Beach "Downeaster" passenger railroad station.

</doc>
<doc id="31093242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093242" title="Curtiss Model K">
Curtiss Model K

The Curtiss Model K, also known as the Model 4, was an American single-engined flying boat of World War I. It was an enlarged derivative of Curtiss's Model F and about 50 were built for export to the Russian Navy.
Design and development.
In 1914, the Curtiss Aeroplane Company developed its Model K, an enlarged development of its successful Model F flying boat. It was a three-bay biplane powered by a 150 hp (112 kW) Curtiss V-X engine mounted in a pusher configuration between the wings. Unlike the Model F, its wings were staggered and slightly swept, while its ailerons were mounted on the upper wing instead of between the wings.
The first flight of the Model K was delayed by problems with its engine until January 1915, with it being claimed that the aircraft was the largest single-engined flying boat in the world at the time.
Operational history.
While the Model K did not attract orders from home, attempts to export it were more successful, resulting in an order for at least 51 aircraft in both flying boat and landplane versions from the Imperial Russian Navy in 1914. The crated aircraft were shipped via Vancouver and Vladivostok, resulting in serious delays in the aircraft being reassembled, such that many of them were unseaworthy due to their hulls having cracked.

</doc>
<doc id="31093249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093249" title="Mike Palmer">
Mike Palmer

Major O. "Mike" Palmer was a player in the National Football League. He played with the Minneapolis Marines during the 1921 NFL season.

</doc>
<doc id="31093266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093266" title="2011 Challengers League">
2011 Challengers League

The 2011 Challengers League is the fifth season of the K3 League. The league announced its new name as Challengers League from this season. Playoff systems were used as the same as last season and league was divided two groups and play with home and away each other, with the winners of each stage and the two runners-up advancing to the post-season championship playoffs.
The season began on 5 March 2011.
Competition Format.
The 2011 season run from March 5 through October 22. The 16 teams in the league are divided into the Group A and Group B — eight in the Group A, eight in the Group B. Each team competes against the other team in same group twice, home and away, the other group's team once, home or away, for a total of 22 games. The two group winners and two runners-up qualify to the Championship playoff.
League standing.
Group A.
League standing is calculated by group A result (14 round) plus inter league (8 round) result.
Group B.
League standing is calculated by group A result (14 round) plus inter league (8 round) result.
Inter League.
Inter League was scheduled from May 5 to June 25.
Championship playoff.
Final.
First leg
Second leg

</doc>
<doc id="31093274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093274" title="Clube Atlético Matogrossense">
Clube Atlético Matogrossense

Clube Atlético Matogrossense, commonly known as Atlético Matogrossense, was a Brazilian football club based in Cuiabá, Mato Grosso state. They won the Campeonato Mato-Grossense five times.
History.
The club was founded in 1943. Atlético Matogrossense won the Campeonato Mato-Grossense in 1946, 1950, 1955, 1956, and in 1957. The club folded in 1966.
Stadium.
Clube Atlético Matogrossense played their home games at Estádio Presidente Eurico Gaspar Dutra, nicknamed "Dutrinha". The stadium has a maximum capacity of 7,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31093280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093280" title="Von Krosigk">
Von Krosigk


</doc>
<doc id="31093288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093288" title="Prince Vaali">
Prince Vaali

Prince Vaali is an upcoming Hollywood superhero action film written by and directed by Vishnu Tanay. 
"Prince Vaali" is planned to be released in both conventional and IMAX theatres,date has to be announced.
Plot Summary.
A technologically advanced race from a far away constellation arrives on ancient Earth to gain supremacy. To maintain control over mother Earth, the twelve mighty tribes - Garuda, Gandharva, Yaksha, Kinnera, Kimpurusha, Naga, Vanara, Vidhyadhara, Valikilya, Deva, Pisacha and Rakshasa - ruling different parts of ancient Earth must unite under the leadership 
of the recluse and arrogant demi-god Vaali.
Production.
A supersuit for the lead actor has been manufactured by Renegade Effects Group and is reportedly one of the most expensive suit in World Cinema. Top actors and actresses of Latin America have been roped in to play important characters. Reputed Hollywood stunt choreographer James Lew is directing the action sequences of the film.

</doc>
<doc id="31093299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093299" title="Spartacist League (US)">
Spartacist League (US)

The Spartacist League (or, usually pejoratively, the Sparts) is a Trotskyist political grouping. They are officially called the United States section of the International Communist League (Fourth Internationalist) — formerly the "International Spartacist Tendency" — but the term "Spartacist League" is popularly used by members as well as non-members. This Spartacist League named themselves after the original Spartacus League of Weimar Republic Germany, though the current League has no formal descent from it. Depending on the context, the League will often self-identify as a "revolutionary communist" organization.
In the United States, the group is small, but very vocal, and its activities within leftist-activist coalitions and wide-scale social justice protest movements usually focus on trying to portray themselves as the most authentically communist group present at that activity. In response, most comparable radical left groupings specifically deride the "Sparts", by name, as being a nuisance, an allegation which is not often repeated against other US Trotskyist groupings. They are also notable for their defense of the North American Man/Boy Love Association, and Roman Polanski
Although the Spartacist League stresses its Trotskyist orthodoxy, claims to be of the direct heritage of Trotskyism in the USA, and places a great deal of importance on being ideological adherents of James P. Cannon, they still retain some positions from their origins within the Shachtmanite tendency, meaning that they reject to this day the "Proletarian Military Policy" associated with both Leon Trotsky and James P. Cannon in the early years of the Second World War; they forthrightly argue that this position was wrong. This is best summarized in the Prometheus Research Library's 1989 publication "Documents on the "Proletarian Military Policy"".
Background.
The origins of the Spartacist League go back to a left-wing tendency within the Young Socialist League, which was linked to the Independent Socialist League led by Max Shachtman, in the 1950s. This group objected to Shachtman's plans to merge the ISL into the Socialist Party-Social Democratic Federation and the YSL into the Young People's Socialist League. This "left wing caucus" was then persuaded to join the Socialist Workers Party's youth group, American Youth for Socialism in a larger, theoretically independent, Young Socialist Alliance in 1960.
A central influence in the recruitment of the former Shachtmanite youth leaders to the Socialist Workers Party (SWP) was Murray Weiss who, together with Myra Tanner Weiss, would be among the few older members of the SWP to speak up when the newly-recruited youth were later expelled. Another important influence on the emerging tendency was Dick Fraser, who developed the theory of revolutionary integrationism, later adopted by the Spartacist League, which argued that Blacks in the USA constituted a color-caste who could only be fully integrated into society as a result of a social revolution overthrowing capitalism. Like the Weisses, Fraser would exit the SWP in the mid-1960s, going on to lead the Freedom Socialist Party. Also important in the early days were Shane Mage and Geoff White, who had a background in the Communist Party.
By 1960 this grouping, mostly active in the youth group associated with the SWP, had become worried by what they saw as the opportunism of the leadership of the SWP headed by Farrell Dobbs and by overtures by the SWP to the International Secretariat of the Fourth International. Particular issues in the dispute included the character of the Cuban revolution, characterized by the majority as a "healthy workers' state", and proper orientation towards the Civil Rights Movement, where the majority attitude was that of uncritical support from afar.
Rather than continue as leadership of the youth group, faction leader James Robertson and the others formed an opposition caucus named the "Revolutionary Tendency" and made clear their loyalty to the International Committee of the Fourth International (ICFI) in 1962. Differences developed in the Revolutionary Tendency as to how to characterise the SWP, leading to a split within the caucus. A minority closer to the ICFI left to form the "Reorganised Minority Tendency" (RMT), led by Tim Wohlforth, just as the Robertson-led grouping was being expelled from the SWP. The RMT played a role in the expulsion of the Robertson grouping, on grounds of "party disloyalty".
Under the party name "Lyn Marcus," Lyndon LaRouche was briefly a member of the Revolutionary Tendency and then of the American Committee for the Fourth International (ultimately, opposed to the Spartacist League) as he circulated through various groupings on the Left in the 1960s. LaRouche and the Spartacists were at odds no later than early 1972, when the SL published a two-part article declaring LaRouche's Labor Committee to be "Crackpot Social Democracy," 
followed in the spring of 1973 by a polemic against the LaRouche organization as "Scientology for Social Democrats."
Having been expelled in 1964, the Robertson group were swift to publish a theoretical journal entitled "Spartacist", from which they would later take their name. They still stressed their loyalty to the International Committee for the Fourth International, and attended that body's conference held in London, England, in 1966, only to find themselves shut out from the conference's ranks.
Setbacks.
Following founding of the Spartacist League the small group found itself isolated and failed to recruit new members. This resulted in a degree of demoralisation on the part of some members including the group's leading West Coast figure, Geoff White, who resigned in 1968. By this time another leading figure, Shane Mage, had also quit the group.
Meanwhile the New York branch was developing work in the unions through the Militant Labor Civil Rights Committee. This work being advocated by Harry Turner, real name Tanzer, and Rose Jersawitz, aka Kay Ellens, who had spent a year working with Voix Ouvrière in France. Robertson opposed the MLCRC and a faction fight developed which ended when a most of the minority, that is those who supported Ellens, resigned from the League in time founding The Spark group. Harry Turner tried to forestall this split and briefly remained in the Spartacists and formed a faction. Turner and his remaining two supporters split off within a few months and began publishing "Vanguard Newsletter". By the end of this split, James Robertson was the only leader of the former Revolutionary Tendency to remain central to the League.
Another group, many veterans of the SL "Revolutionary Contingent" and active in the Coalition for an Anti-Imperialist Movement, split to form the Revolutionary Communist League in 1968. Sympathetic to the idea of "armed self defense" and "unconditional defense of the workers states" the RCP merged with the Workers World Party later that year. They left the WWP in 1971, and reconstituted themselves as the Revolutionary Communist League (Internationalist).
Early Activities and Expansion.
Initially the Spartacists sought to intervene in the Civil Rights protests, on the basis of their support for the idea of revolutionary integrationism, but as small as they were, this activity floundered. They also developed a small presence in the Students for a Democratic Society; within the SDS they opposed all the major factions that developed from that body as these factions turned more and more towards Maoist ideas by 1969.
As the student and anti-Vietnam war movements passed their late 1960s peak the Spartacists did begin to recruit from the then large milieu of radicalised students. This led to substantial growth and the development of a national presence as they expanded from their initial branches in New York and the San Francisco Bay Area. In part this process involved the recruitment of former students who had formed local Maoist collectives which had then come across Trotskyist ideas, including the Communist Working Collective, led by Marv Treiger, in southern California and Buffalo Marxist Collective, led by Jan Norden, in Buffalo, New York.
Some years time later they recruited a not dissimilar "Gay Left" group based in the Bay area called the Red Flag Union. Throughout the 1970s the Spartacists did develop a series of what they described as exemplary interventions in industry and the trade unions. For example, there were supporters involved with the ILWU in the Bay Area, the automotive industry in California, the telephone industry and others.
Modest growth continued through the early to mid-1970s. In 1975, the Spartacist League founded the Partisan Defense Committee as "a class-struggle, non-sectarian legal and social defense organization that champions cases and causes in the interests of the whole of the working people" working in accordance with the political positions of the Spartacist League and working in the tradition of the International Labor Defense organization established by the Communist Party in the 1920s.
Fragmentation.
The late 1970s saw the growth of the league stalled as the radical tide of the 1960s began to ebb. Major internal factional struggles in the group have developed from time to time. These tended to lead to the departure of the dissenting minority.
In 1972, the life of the organization was punctuated by the loss of several leading cadres. Dissatisfied with the group's regime, some senior members gathered around Moore, Stewart, Dave Cunningham, and Marv Treiger. They challenged Robertson only to find themselves expelled from the SL. They then formed a short-lived organization, the International Group, which issued a single pamphlet and then dissolved. The SL reissued the dissidents' pamphlet as part of their series "Hate Trotskyism, Hate the Spartacist League". That split did not interrupt the growth of the League. Critics have argued that the unchallenged domination of Jim Robertson dates from the 1972 purge. 
In 1978 a number of leading young male members, including "Young Spartacus" editor Sam Issacharoff, were targeted by Robertson, who nicknamed them "clones" because they were supposedly of the same ilk as longtime SL "theoretician" Joseph Seymour (real name Mark Tishman). There were no political issues in dispute, but Robertson saw them as independent-minded petty bourgeois intellectuals who might eventually become a dissident faction. Issacharoff (who later became an NYU law professor) and several others subsequently left the organization. This episode was later referred to by the International Bolshevik Tendency as "the Clone Purge" [http://www.bolshevik.org/ETB/Rtj.html].
For the Spartacist League these were years of retrenchment in the face of what it saw as a worldwide offensive on the part of the capitalist class. While it maintained its (sometimes intensive) polemical efforts directed at the members of what they described as Ostensibly Revolutionary Organisations, ORO's for short, it began to withdraw its members from union work. In time the union fractions, once the most boasted-of element of the SL's work, were dismantled as detailed by the IBT in their second bulletin "Stop the Liquidation of the Trade Union Work" in 1983.
A number of former members of the SL, united by their distaste for Robertson's heavy-handed leadership style, regrouped at this time to found the "External Tendency" (ET) of the SL. Initially based in the San Francisco Bay area and Toronto the ET was to define itself as a public faction of the SL and sought to be readmitted to the ranks of the parent organisation. Said efforts were rebuffed by the SL who have since waged a polemical war with the ET and its successor groups the BT and IBT.
In 2008, a new group split from the IBT, called Revolutionary Regroupment, which has, since then, engaged in several public polemics with both the IBT and the SL, all of them published in their website
Later splits.
In 1996, "Workers Vanguard" editor Jan Norden and other founders of the League for the Fourth International were expelled, allegedly for maneuvering with a group from Brazil involved in bringing court suit against a trade union.[http://www.internationalist.org/igbrazila98.html]

</doc>
<doc id="31093327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093327" title="The Right Approach">
The Right Approach

The Right Approach is a 1961 film directed by David Butler. It stars Juliet Prowse, Frankie Vaughan and Martha Hyer.
Past.
Army buddies return home to Pasadena, California, and convert a restaurant known as The Hut into a five-man bachelor pad.
One of them has a brother, Leo Mack, who will stop at nothing in his desire to succeed as an actor. Leo cons the guys out of clothes and money. He also conspires with a carhop, Ursula, who hopes to seduce one of the roommates. The young man happens to be from a wealthy family, so Ursula and Leo intend to split whatever they can get.
A magazine writer, Anne Perry, is romanced by Leo and persuaded to do an article about The Hut, which is mainly about him. Leo gets an agent and Hollywood offers, and seems on top of the world until a scorned Anne exposes him publicly for the cad he is, as does Ursula, who is pregnant with his child.

</doc>
<doc id="31093333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093333" title="Great Reality TV Swindle">
Great Reality TV Swindle

The Great Reality TV Swindle (also known as Project MS-2) was a con perpetrated in 2002 by Nik Russian, a British man who, at the time, was working at an entry-level position in a branch of the UK book chain Waterstone's. Russian placed advertisements in major publications that invited people to audition for a year-long reality television programme where they could potentially win a prize of . After receiving hundreds of responses, he auditioned some of them on Raven's Ait in London, then selected 30 successful auditionees to take part, without informing them that no actual programme had been commissioned. Telling them that the show would last for an entire year, Russian instructed the participants to leave their homes, quit their jobs and then meet him in London on 10 June, where they would be divided into teams of ten and set their challenge for the next twelve months.
The challenge was to make £1 million in a single year. Realising that they would essentially be making their own prize money, most contestants quit the show within two days. One group stayed together for slightly longer: sleeping on the floor of their cameraman's flat, they attempted to create their own TV show about themselves. Having also given up his flat and job, Russian was also homeless, and was forced to stay with the contestants he had manipulated. After the programme failed, Russian went into hiding, and was unable to be contacted. He was eventually tracked down by one of his victims to an address in Richmond upon Thames, where he was forced to apologise on camera. As he had not taken any money from his victims, a criminal case against Russian was not pursued—a civil case was also not pursued because of a lack of funds.
Background.
Nik Russian.
Nikita "Nik" Russian was born Keith Anthony Gillard in Surrey in 1977. Raised in Farnham, he legally changed his name to Jack Lister in his early twenties, then changed it again to Nikita Russian. He studied English at Goldsmiths, University of London, but dropped out before the exams. He had set up businesses and written unpublished novels before taking a job working at a branch of Waterstone's in London—he subsequently decided that he wanted to produce his own reality television programme.
Reality television.
Reality TV was a popular genre of television programming in the UK in 2002. The third series of the UK version of "Big Brother"—which was showing while Russian's con took place—attracted audience figures of approximately 5.8 million. Most British reality TV programmes at the time centred on a team of people trying to accomplish a specific goal or target. For example, the 2000 series "Jailbreak" challenged a group to escape from a mock prison, while the 2001 series "The Mole" gave the contestants the task of discovering which of them was sabotaging their attempts to win money. Most reality TV shows offered a cash reward to successful participants—both "Jailbreak" and the first series of "The Mole" offered a prize of £100,000.
Several reality TV contestants were able to become celebrities in their own right after raising their profiles on television. Craig Phillips and Brian Dowling, the winners of the first two series of "Big Brother", both created successful media careers. Phillips had been featured as a DIY expert on programmes such as BBC's "Trading Up" and ITV's "Renovation Street", while Dowling became the UK's first openly gay children's TV presenter when he hosted the Saturday morning programme "SMTV Live". Ben Fogle, a contestant on the BBC reality series "Castaway 2000", went on to become a television presenter for several programmes, and hosted his own series called "Extreme Dreams".
Swindle.
Auditions.
In early 2002, Nik Russian placed advertisements for a year-long television programme in publications such as "The Stage" and the "Evening Standard", which invited "characterful, resourceful and energetic" people to apply for the chance to "raise profile" and potentially win £100,000. Russian was e-mailed more than a thousand applications and auditioned some of them on the Raven's Ait island in London. Some had applied simply for the prize money; others hoped that exposure from the programme could help them to achieve some of their dreams, such as working as a television presenter or launching a fashion label.
The auditionees were told that the show was being created by the production company Nikita Russian Productions (NRP). For the purposes of the auditions, Russian enlisted the help of his friends to take on roles such as psychoanalysts and runners—his girlfriend, whom he had met on a university access course, acted as a psychological assessor, while his friend Mike Fabbri was a cameraman. The auditionees were then divided into small groups and given practical and psychological tests to complete, such as baking a cake in under an hour without a kitchen or ingredients. From these auditionees, 30 people were selected to star in Russian's programme, which he had dubbed "Project MS-2".
The winning candidates were informed of their success in an e-mail from NRP and were also sent various contracts to sign and return. They were told that the project would last for a year, so most of them gave up their flats and jobs. The contracts stated that their food, accommodation and leisure money would be provided, and that they were to meet in London on 10 June 2002 for the programme to begin filming. Each contestant was also told to set up a new bank account to which Russian could have access and to arrive without money or credit cards on the launch day.
Launch day.
The 30 contestants were divided into three teams of ten named Team 1, Team 2 and Team 3, and each group met in a different London location on 10 June, the day of the programme's launch. To record what each team did, Russian hired unpaid trainee cameramen. Once the teams were assembled, they were given their challenge: in a year, they had to make £1 million. Their first task was to find accommodation for themselves for free for a week. The contestants slowly realised that, despite what their contracts had claimed, they would have to find their own food and accommodation, and would essentially be making their own prize money. Some contestants demanded to meet with Russian, who eventually revealed to them that no television channel had actually commissioned his show. Teams 1 and 3 disbanded within two days.
Team 2 remained together for slightly longer—sleeping on the floor of the flat in Dalston that belonged to their cameraman Tim Eagle, they decided to film their own reality TV programme about themselves, and set up a "diary room" to discuss their thoughts about Russian and his show. Having also given up his home and job, Russian had nowhere to stay either, and he too was forced to sleep on Eagle's floor with Team 2. On 12 June, Eagle contacted the local news station, "London Tonight", and the group locked Russian in the flat, forcing him to speak with the journalists once they had arrived. After their story made the local news, Team 2 stayed together until 14 June before they also split up.
Aftermath.
Having believed that they would be participating in Russian's television programme for an entire year, most contestants had given up their homes, jobs and partners—most had to find new employment and some were forced to move in with their parents. Russian went into hiding and was unable to be reached by his victims. On 13 June 2002, Debbie Leigh Driver, one of Russian's contestants, contacted Caz Gorham and Frances Dickenson of the independent production company Christmas TV & Film and told them about the hoax. Gorham and Dickenson produced a genuine TV programme to document the story of the con and how the participants were now trying to get their lives back together, which was shown on Channel 4 in December 2002.
Some participants tried to track Russian down to have their questions answered. One contestant, Louise Miles, discovered that Russian's production company, NRP, did not actually exist and that the woman who had been answering their phone calls was really Russian's mother, Margaret. Another participant, Daniel Pope, managed to track Russian down to an address in Richmond upon Thames and convinced him to be interviewed by Christmas TV and apologise on camera. As Russian had not actually taken money from his victims, he had not committed a crime, and a civil case was not pursued due to a lack of funds.
Media reaction.
Much of the mainstream media's reaction to the con was published in December 2002, around the time that Christmas TV's documentary was shown on Channel 4. Although most commentators placed the blame for the swindle on Russian himself by denouncing him as a manipulative con man, others were more sympathetic. Writing for "The Daily Mail", Peter Paterson contrasted Russian with Humphry Berkeley, a British politician who committed a similar con in 1948 under the pseudonym H. Rochester Sneath. Paterson observed that, while Berkeley had derived "considerable fun" from his con, Russian had conversely been in a "deep gloom" following his. Similarly, Rupert Smith of "The Guardian" described Russian as a "tragic figure".
Some critics placed blame on the contestants' overly trusting nature and desire for fame, calling them gullible wannabes. Others noted the irony in how the con had, ultimately, put them on television, which Gorham described as "a happy ending". In another article for "The Guardian", Smith remarked: "These are not stupid people. In archive footage from the fake show, they look like any other post-Big-Brother buffoons; but in the sombre, reflective interviews after the event they come across as likable, wounded individuals."
Other commentators felt that the con represented an indictment on how reality television had altered the public's notion of celebrity. Paterson called the genre a "Pied Piper call of fleeting TV fame" that had become "as powerful as any religious cult", while Paul English of "The Daily Record" noted that the swindle reflected a "fascination with reality TV – and how the draw of being on telly can turn us into gullible fools". Both of Christmas TV's producers agreed. Gorham called the con "a fantastic wake-up call for reality TV"; Dickenson remarked: "I hope swindle shows those who may be interested in these programmes that they should be careful."

</doc>
<doc id="31093340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093340" title="Wilhelm von Krosigk">
Wilhelm von Krosigk

Wilhelm von Krosigk (1871-1953), was the German commander of the "SMS Stettin".
Biography.
He was born in 1871 in Germany. The SMS Stettin served in European waters during World War I, participating in the Battle of Heligoland Bight in 1914 and the Battle of Jutland in 1916. He died in 1953 in Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="31093358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093358" title="Linnean Tercentenary Medal">
Linnean Tercentenary Medal

The Linnean Tercentenary Medal was commissioned in 2007 by the Linnean Society to commemorate the tercentenary of the birth of Carl Linnaeus. Recipients were in two categories: Silver Medal and Bronze Medal, for outstanding contributions to natural history.
The front of the medal features an illustration by Linnaeus of Andromeda (mythology) next to one of the plant he named Andromeda, from his 1732 expedition to Lapland and on the back, a spiral design made from illustrations taken from Systema Naturae.

</doc>
<doc id="31093362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093362" title="Lucas Andersen">
Lucas Andersen

Lucas Qvistorff Andersen (born 13 September 1994) is a Danish footballer who plays as a winger for Dutch Eredivisie side Ajax.
Club career.
Aalborg BK.
Lucas Andersen started playing youth football with Aalborg Freja, before moving to Aalborg BK (AaB) at the age of 10. He penned his first professional contract with AaB in September 2009. Andersen made his debut for AaB on 5 March 2011 at the age of 16 years and 174 days, making him the youngest player ever to play for AaB in the top-flight Danish Superliga championship and the second youngest player ever to play in the Danish Superliga.
Lucas was usually employed as a right winger, but was capable of playing on the left, as well as an attacking midfielder/playmaker behind the forwards. He was touted as the most promising player to come through the AaB youth ranks since Jesper Grønkjær, by AaB director of football Lynge Jakobsen A number of foreign clubs wanted to sign him by 2012, but Lynge Jakobsen did not want to sell Andersen at too young an age.
AFC Ajax.
On 31 August 2012, Andersen signed with Ajax for an undisclosed fee, with a view to join the squad of Jong Ajax at first. AaB's good relationship with Ajax, having sold Jesper Grønkjær to Ajax as well, was emphasized by Lynge Jakobsen as a reason for the deal materializing.
Lucas Andersen got his debut 8 December, coming in against FC Groningen, where he almost had a dream debut, hitting the post in the 90th min.
International career.
He was a part of the Denmark under-17 squad at the 2011 UEFA European Under-17 Football Championship and the 2011 FIFA U-17 World Cup.
On 8 January 2012, he was called up for the Denmark League XI national football team for their matches in the 2011 King's Cup. With his age of only 17 years and 4 months, he is the youngest player ever to have been a part of the Danish League XI squad.
Career statistics.
Club performance.
1 Includes UEFA Champions League and UEFA Europa League matches.
2 Includes Johan Cruijff Shield matches.

</doc>
<doc id="31093366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093366" title="C'mon, Let's Live a Little">
C'mon, Let's Live a Little

"C'mon, Let's Live a Little" is a 1967 film directed by David Butler. It stars Bobby Vee and Jackie DeShannon.
This was the last film directed by Butler, who began acting on screen in 1917 and had been directing since the late 1920s.
Plot.
Enrolling in an Arkansas college, singer Jesse Crawford saves the life of Judy Grant, a dean's daughter. She is grateful until Jesse performs at a rally staged by a student looking to discredit the dean, but Jesse was unaware of the rally's purpose and all is forgiven.

</doc>
<doc id="31093370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093370" title="Académie de Physique">
Académie de Physique

The Academie de Physique was established in Caen, Normandy, France, in 1662. It was the first provincial academy of sciences to be granted a royal charter, and one of the first academies in France to promote both empiricism and scholarly cooperation as the basis for its programs. The academy was in existence from 1662-1672.
Beginnings (1662-1667).
The academy was founded in 1662 by Andre Graindorge, local physician and natural philosopher, and Pierre-Daniel Huet, a well-known scholar and native of Caen that had recently returned home from a trip to Sweden, where he worked at the court of Queen Christina. Both Graindorge and Huet were members of Caen’s Académie des Belle Letters (then called the Grand Cheval, named for the building where the group held their meetings) whose meetings largely focused on philosophy and literature, much to the frustration of both men, as both had a growing interest in natural philosophy. Graindorge was particularly interested in exploring experiment and examination over the dependence on theory and philosophy. The academy began as a patronage circle, with Huet, the more well known and respected of the two acting as patron and Graindorge directing the program of study. The original group did not have a consistent membership, but served as an informal group of local scientists with similar interests. For the first several years, the group met on an informal basis, mostly meeting to view dissections and discuss them. 
In 1665, the combination of the appearance of a comet, as well as Graindorge’s extended trip to Paris, served to inspire the group’s interest in science and formalize the their activities. While in Paris, Graindorge attends the scientific-themed meetings of the home of Melchisédech Thévenot. At the Thévenot, Graindorge witnessed dissections by the noted anatomist Nicholas Steno and becomes even more convinced of the importance of experiment-based knowledge. He begins corresponding to Huet about what he is seeing in Paris, which Huet uses as a basis for the programs at the academy in Caen. He also becomes convinced that a research-based, cooperative society was the best way to understanding scientific truths. The best forum for this was the academy, with information and experience being shared by both the individuals within the academy as well as between other academies throughout Europe. 
Graindorge returns to Caen in April, 1666, shortly after Huet leaves, and heads up the fledgling organization in Huet’s absence. The membership at this time is made up of, in addition to Graindorge and Huet:
Given the social hierarchy present in France at the time, Graindorge initially has a difficult time organizing the group under his leadership. He began to use the knowledge he gained in Paris to direct the work of the group, focusing on natural phenomena and animals, such as the causes of dew, snakes and the effects of their venom, as well as investigations of the circulatory system. Other members also began to share their experiments and discoveries, such as Vaucoulers, who worked on the weighing air and developed an early version of the barometer. However, while Graindorge and to a lesser extent, Vaucoulers, worked on new experiments and investigations, the academy began to deteriorate. Huet’s return to Caen in January 1667 revitalized the academy, as did the news that the academy would be under the protection of the royal intendant for Lower Normandy, Guy Chamillart, upon Huet’s departure from Caen in October, 1667. The academy also grew with the addition of three new members, Jacques Savary, sieur de Courtsigny; Jacques Chasles; and Pierre Cally.
Royal Recognition of the Academy (1667-1668).
In January, 1668, Chamillart, now acting as chief of the academy, obtained the personal recognition of the academy by Louis XIV as a royal institution, as well as the agreement of the Académie des Sciences in Paris for cooperation, and the promise of royal funding. The combination of royal recognition and funding, as well as inter-academic cooperation made it one to the most important scientific institutions in Europe. However, the royal recognition did not solve the confusion over who was to direct the work of the academy, as Chamillart’s priority was his job as a regional bureaucrat, not the patron of a new scientific organization. To that end, he recommended that the Academy begin to work on regional and municipal problems, such as draining local swamps and constructing fountains. However, the membership of the academy recoiled against these requests, particularly as they did not initially come with any additional funding from Chamillart or the crown. Instead, the members wished to focus on more empirical scientific program, and provided a list to Chamillart at one of the first meetings he attended. The listing can roughly be broken down into four areas: 
Camillart agreed to this list, which effectively reorganized the academy and encouraged the individual members to pursue their own ideas, rather than work as a collective. There was some success in the areas listed, such as in civil engineering, with experiments in the desalinization of seawater and a project to widen the channel in the local river, and with scientific instruments, such as Vaucoulers barometer and new design for a marine chronometer by Villons. The greatest success continued to be in the academy’s anatomy program, which produces two volumes of illustrated dissection reports that were submitted to and praised by the Académie Royale in Paris in 1667 and 1668. 
While in Paris, Huet learns of the changes to the academy and becomes concerned about the direction of the group. He becomes reengaged and presented a new plan for the work of the academy, which he presented both the court and the Académie Royale in January 1668. Now, the focus would go back to empirical research, particularly dissections, as well as continuing to pursue the desalinization of seawater. The effectively displaced Chamillart and replaced Huet as chief of the academy.
1668-1672.
After Huet returns as chief, the academy begins a fruitful period of work, and begins to be recognized by scholars throughout Europe, particularly in England, where the members of the Royal Academy are interested in the effects of royal support on science in France. Dissections of animals, partuclarly sea creatures, taking advantage of Caen’s proximity to the water, as well as the desalinization project continue. However, Huet again leaves Caen and the group’s participation begins to drop off, leaving the academy on the brink of failure. In November, 1668, Chamillart reappears and retains royal funding for the academy, which reenergizes the group. The seawater desalinization program is also completed and presented to the Académie Royal, prompting additional funding by the court. This funding brought additional problems, as it removed Huet as the major patron, prompting Huet to charge the academy rent for its meeting space in his home. The members also began to argue over how the remaining funds should be spent, which further escalated tensions between Graindorge and the other members. A delay in receiving the royal funds, as well as difficulties in establishing a regular meeting place, causes the group to begin to break apart. In early 1672, Graindorge attempts to reunite the group around a new project, a study of the scoter that would disprove the theory that the birds come from the barnacles of ship, a belief also promoted by the church. He works on the project himself, writes up his findings, and has Chamillart take them to Paris for submission to the Académie Royal and the court, which reject his submission. This prompts the court to cease funding the academy, causing it to disband in late 1672.
Legacy.
In addition to being the first scientific society outside of Paris to gain a royal charter, the Académie de Physique is also best known for its submissions to the Académie Royale in both anatomy and technological projects.

</doc>
<doc id="31093404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093404" title="‘Uwayja">
‘Uwayja

Uwayja, also known as "Marsa al ‘Uwayja" is a village in the Sirte District in Libya.

</doc>
<doc id="31093428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093428" title="John Stubbs (disambiguation)">
John Stubbs (disambiguation)

John Stubbs was a 16th-century English pamphleteer.
John Stubbs is also the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="31093436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093436" title="Sperry–Piltz Ice Accumulation Index">
Sperry–Piltz Ice Accumulation Index

The Sperry–Piltz Ice Accumulation Index, or SPIA Index, is a scale for rating ice storm intensity, based on the expected footprint of an ice storm, the expected ice accumulation as a result of a storm, and the expected damage a storm inflicts on human-built structures, especially exposed overhead utility systems such as power lines. The official SPIA Index category is determined by meteorologists following the passing of a storm.
Background.
The index was introduced in 2007 by Sidney Sperry of the Oklahoma Association of Electric Cooperatives, who developed the index together with Steven Piltz, Meteorologist-In-Charge at the National Weather Service office in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
Sperry approached Piltz about collaborating on the development of an ice accumulation algorithm to predict days in advance the damage potential of approaching ice storms.
He advocated three key parameters for the development of the algorithm:
Piltz and his team of meteorologists developed an "ice accumulation algorithm" that incorporates various radial ice accumulation measurements, wind speed and direction data and temperature forecasts for a storm event period, and assimilated that data into a "Potential Utility Damage Scale," much like the enhanced Fujita scale or the Saffir–Simpson hurricane wind scale.
The factors were combined with the National Weather Service's "Extended Forecast Models" (EFMs) and related forecasting software, revising and updating the models every hour. Using this method, officials at the Tulsa office of the National Weather Service were able to predict the intensity and duration of an ice storm 72 to 96 hours, or three to four days, in advance. The EFMs are continually updated so the degree of forecasting accuracy improves as more data is gathered about the approaching storm system. Research and testing of the index was aided by officials at the Oklahoma Climatological Survey in Norman, Oklahoma.
Use in the US.
The index was first formally used by officials at the National Weather Service in Tulsa to predict the potential damage related to an ice storm event which hit areas of northeastern Oklahoma and northwestern and northern Arkansas on January 26–28, 2009. Using the NWS EFMs in conjunction with the index, officials conducted a series of "Winter Storm Webinars" to brief state, county and city emergency management officials in both Oklahoma and Arkansas, and also officials with electric utilities, telephone companies, cable companies, public service commissions and disaster preparedness agencies such as the Red Cross and 2-1-1 Resources, plus area shelters, about the approaching storm and the impact that it was predicted to have on exposed overhead utility systems. A "Level 5" event was forecast at least three days in advance of the storm.
The index is being evaluated for use by the Federal Emergency Management Agency and the Department of Homeland Security, as there exists the potential for use by the National Weather Service at all of its offices nationwide. The NWS is currently conducting operational tests of the index at five forecast offices:

</doc>
<doc id="31093460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093460" title="Aleksandr Chuchelov">
Aleksandr Chuchelov

Aleksander Tšutšelov (born 26 April 1933 in Tallinn) is an Estonian sailor who started with sailing at 1946. He won a silver medal for the Soviet Union in the "Finn class" at the 1960 Summer Olympics .

</doc>
<doc id="31093470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093470" title="Leo Lösch von Hilkertshausen">
Leo Lösch von Hilkertshausen

Leo Lösch von Hilkertshausen (died 1559) was the 49th Bishop of Freising in 1552 to 1559.
Leo came from Hilgertshausen, near Dachau as a member of a noble family. He encouraged, supported by the Bavarian Duke Albrecht V, the counter-reformation in his diocese. During his tenure, the Peace of Augsburg was established.

</doc>
<doc id="31093471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093471" title="Flamengo Esporte Clube">
Flamengo Esporte Clube

Flamengo Esporte Clube, commonly known as Flamengo, was a Brazilian football club based in Varginha, Minas Gerais state.
History.
The club was founded on August 8, 1979. Flamengo won the Campeonato Mineiro Second Level in 1988. The club folded in 1993.
Stadium.
Flamengo Esporte Clube played their home games at Estádio Rubro-Negro. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 2,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31093483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093483" title="Moravia High Jump Tour">
Moravia High Jump Tour

The Moravia High Jump Tour is an elite-level, invitation-only, indoor Athletics competition for the world's best high jumpers, both men and women. It is a high jump-only competition, held in the eastern Czech region of Moravia. Although the competition is held in small basketball gymnasiums, without a track, the Tour is sanctioned by the IAAF, the sport's governing body. First organized as a Tour in 2005, it quickly became the world's best (non-championship) indoor competition and routinely produces world-leading jumps. Held in the Czech Republic in late January each year, the Tour initially consisted of three stops spread over a week, including the town of Ostrava, but in 2008 it was shortened to two competitions held three days apart in the towns of Hustopeče and Třinec. The two events are now usually held on a Wednesday and Saturday, or, on Saturday and Tuesday. The first Tour was, officially, only for Men, but a Women's competition was held in 2005. The Women's program was formally launched at the 2006 Tour, at all three towns.
The town of Trinec is located near the city of Ostrava, in eastern Czech Republic. The Trinec event is also known as The Beskyd’s Bar and is held at the Vitality Slezsko Indoor Tennis Arena: competitors are allowed to practice on the converted tennis court the evening before the competition. The city of Hustopece is located near Brno.
Jumpers are encouraged to "play to the crowd" and the indoor party atmosphere is further enhanced by having music played as they prepare to jump. The narrow basketball gynasium at Hustopece can only accommodate 1,000 spectators, while about 2,000 are able to squeeze into the facility at Trinec. Rubberized floor panels are laid down over the wooden basketball court so that the jumpers can wear their jumping shoes with short spikes.
Although jumpers are invited to compete in all stops on the Tour, often their schedules permit them to jump at only one venue. In addition, severe winter weather occasionally prevents athletes from flying into the Czech Republic, and can even hamper travel between Tour cities. In addition to the individual event winners, an overall Men's and Women's champion is crowned based on the combined heights of their best jumps in the two (initially, three) cities.
First organized as a Tour in January 2005, over its first four years the series witnessed 14 men's marks of 2.30 m or better (7 feet 6 1/2 inches), and on the women's side twenty (20) marks of 1.92 m or higher (6 ft 3 1/2in). For reasons that can not be explained, but are obvious to the jumpers, the gymansium at Hustopece has consistently yielded higher results than the facility at Trinec, for both men and women. After the 4th Tour in 2008, the meet records at Trinec were 2.32 (Jaroslav Baba, 2004) and 1.97 (Barbora Lalakova, 2008), while at Hustopece they were 2.36 (Ivan Ukhov, 2008) and 1.99 (Vita Palamar and Ariane Friedrich, 2008).
Russian jumper Ivan Ukhov won the Men's competition at the Tour in 2009, 2010 and 2011, each time breaking the meet record with a world-leading jump: 2.36 at Hustopece in 2009; 2.37 at Hustopece in 2010, and 2.38 (7 ft 9 1/2 in) at Hustopece in 2011. At the 2011 event in Hustopece, Ukhov attempted three times to leap 2.44 (8 feet), one centimeter higher than the world indoor record set by Javier Sotomayor in 1989. The 44-year old Cuban was in attendance to watch the 24-year old Russia narrowly miss on his second jump, brushing the bar on his way down.
1st Moravia High Jump Tour 2005.
The inaugural Tour event included three stops: first leg at Hustopece, second at Trinec, and the third stop in Ostrava on Saturday 29 January. Czech jumper Jaroslav Baba was the overall winner on the Men's side, competing in all three venues with marks of 2.35 (first), 2.27 and 2.25 (third), totalling 687 cm. Svatoslav Ton was second overall (676 cm) and American Tora Harris was third (670 cm). A total of 19 male jumpers competed over the course of the three-meet Tour in 2005.
Hustopece: The Men's winner was local Czech hero Jaroslav Baba, who established a world-leading jump of 2.35 m.
Trinec: 
Ostrava: The Men's winner was Czech Svatoslav Ton with a third-attempt clearance of . Ukrainian Yuriy Krymarenko was second at 2.27, and (Ostrava's hometown hero) Jaroslav Baba was third at 2.25 (passing 2.27 and missing all three attempts at 2.29).
2nd Moravia High Jump Tour 2006.
The second season saw the addition of a Women's competition. The overall Men's winner was again Czech favorite Svatoslav Ton. A total of 22 men and 15 women - representing 13 countries - competed over the course of the three-stop Tour.
Trinec: The first venue was at Trinec on Monday 16 January. Russian Ivan Ukhov and Czech Tomas Janku both cleared 2.28, but Ukhov was the winner based on fewer misses. Svatoslav Ton was third at 2.24. On the Women's' side, Czech jumpers Barbora Lalakova and Iva Strakova both cleared 1.92, with Lalakova the victor. Irina Glavatskikh (Russia) was third at 1.89.
Ostrava: The second Tour stop was Ostrava, on Wednesday 18 January. Ivan Ukhov was again the Men's winner, with the same result of 2.28.
Hustopece: The third Tour stop was Hustopece, on Saturday 21 January. Svatoslav Ton won on the Men's side with a jump of 2.33, while Ivan Ukhov was second at 2.31. Iva Strakova won the Women's event with a leap of 1.93, and Irina AGlavatskikh was second at 1.90.
3rd Moravia High Jump Tour 2007.
The 3rd Tour in 2007 consisted of three stops. First in Hustopece on Saturday 20 January, second in Ostrava on Tuesday 23 January, and the third stop in Trinec on Thursday 25 January. Thomas Janku won the overall Men's competition (combined 680 cm), while Marina Aitova won the Women's title with combined height of 574 cm.
Hustopece: (Saturday 20 January) Russian Andrei Tereshin won the Men's event at 2.33. 
Ostrava: (Tuesday 23 January) 
Trinec: (Thursday 25 January)
4th Moravia High Jump Tour 2008.
The 4th version of the Tour was shortened to two stops, with the elimination of Ostrava. The first leg of the 2008 Tour was held at Hustopece on Saturday 19 January, with the second stop in Trinec on Monday 21 January.
Hustopece: (Saturday 19 January) Russian Ivan Ukhov cleared a world-leading 2.36 m to highlight the opening leg of the 4th Moravian High Jump Tour. With his third-attempt clearance, the 21-year old Russian indoor record holder added a centimetre to his own 2008 best, and bettered Jaroslav Baba's record of 2.35 (set in 2005). Sweden's Linus Thörnblad was second at 2.34, and Russian Aleksei Dmitrik was third at 2.30.
Trinec: (Monday 21 January) Linus Thornblad won at 2.30, while Russians Ivan Ukhov and Andrey Tereshin both cleared 2.26, with Ukhov taking second based on fewer misses. In the Women's competition, Czech jumpers Barora Lalkova (1.97) and Romana Dubnova (1.90) finished first and second, with Russian Viktoriya Klyugina also in a tie for second at 1.90.
5th Moravia High Jump Tour 2009.
The 5th annual Moravia High Jump Tour was held at Trinec on Wednesday 21 January 2011, and at Hustopece on Saturday 24 January.
Trinec: Ivan Ukhov won the Men's event with a jump of 2.33. Teammate Andrei Tereshin finished second at 2.30.
Hustopece: Russian Ivan Ukhov bettered his season best by 1 centimeter, clearing to win at Hustopece. Aleksandr Shuskov finished second at 2.27.
6th Moravia High Jump Tour 2010.
Hustopece: The Senior Men's competition during the first leg at Hustopece on Saturday 23 January 2010 had 12 competitors and was won by Russian Ivan Ukhov, who defended his 2009 title and broke his own meet record with a jump of . Ukhov began the competition with a "warm-up" jump of 2.20, continued at 2.28, 2.30 and 2.32 with first attempt clearances. He then cleared 2.37 and then made three attempts at 2.41, coming extremely close on his first. American Dusty Jonas finished second, with a third attempt clearance of 2.30 (7 ft 6 1/2 in).
Trinec: On Tuesday 26 January, at Trinec, the results were repeated, as Ukhov won again, with a jump of 7 ft 8 inches, and Dusty Jonas was runner-up with a third-attempt clearance of 7 ft 7 1/4 inches.
7th Moravia High Jump Tour 2011.
The 2011 competitions were held 26 January in Trinec, and Saturday 29 January at Hustopece.
At the first meeting in Trinec, the Junior Women's competition was won by Russian Mariya Kuchina, who established a new indoor Junior record of , breaking the record of 1.96 established by Bulgaria's Desislava Aleksandrova at the 1994 European Athletics Indooor Championships in Paris. Kuchina, who turned 18 just two weeks earlier, entered the competition with personal bests of 1.90 indoors and 1.91 outdoors. She shattered those with a second-attempt clearance of 1.92 to win the event, then flew over 1.94 on her first attempt, and clearing 1.97 on her second jump.
Trinec: The Men's competition was won by Russian Aleksandr Shustov, with a jump of "only" 2.29m: he had three close misses at 2.31. (Ukhov did not compete in Trinec.)
Hustopece: Russian Ivan Ukhov won in Hustopece for the third year in a row, and again broke his own meet record with a world-leading jump of 2.38. After passing at 2.41, he had the bar raised to world indoor - and European - record of 2.44 (8 feet). His first two attempts were extremely close, brushing the bar off on his way down on the second attempt. The victory, and record attempts, were all the more special because it was witnessed by world record-holder Javier Sotomayor (that year's special guest).
8th Moravia High Jump Tour 2012.
The 2012 competitions were held Saturday 28 January at Hustopece, and Monday 30 January in Trinec.
At the first meeting in Hustopece, five men jumped 2.31 (7'-7"), but only Aleksey Dmitrik (Russia) cleared 2.35 (7'-8.5") for the win and the early lead for highest jump in 2012, to date. For Dmitrik, he was perfect through 2.31, then required 2 tries to clear 2.33 (while the rest of the field passed), then established a new personal best indoors with his third try clearance at 2.35. He then had the bar raised to a Russian record of 2.41, coming very close on his final try, as third-place finisher and Russian record-holder (2.40) Ivan Ukhov watched: video replay shows Dmitrik got his hips cleanly over the bar, but his heels barely clipped the bar on the way down. Russia's Andrey Silnov finished second. Possibly the biggest surprise was the 2.31 by Great Britain's Samson Oni, tying his personal best indoors and good enough to tie for 3rd with Ukhov. Of note, the top American men jumpers did not compete in the 2012 tour, remaining in the U.S. to participate in the (first) U.S. Open invitational track meet at New York's Madison Square Garden on 28 January 2012.
In the Women's event, Russian Svetlana Shkolina was the only female to clear 1.95 (6'-4.75"), while three others cleared 1.93 (6'-4"), including Chanute Howard Lowe of the United States. Mariya Kuchina, also of Russia and who set a world junior indoor record of 1.97 on the Moravian Tour in 2011, was fourth, also at 1.93.
The second competition was held on Monday 30 January in Trinec. With only one day off (not the customary two days), the Men's winning height was lower than at Hustopece. Russian Ivan Ukhov out-jumped the field and was flawless through the winning height of 2.32, then missed all 3 attempts at a (world leading) 2.36. Trevor Barry (Bahamas) was second at 2.29, veteran Jaroslav Baba (Czech Republic) was third at 2.25, while Aleksey Dmitrik (Russia) the winner of the first leg at Hustopece was fourth at Trinec with a jump of only 2.25.
The Women's competition at Trinec improved over Hustopece: 1st for Mariya Kuchina (Russia) with her first try clearance of 1.96; 2nd to Svetlana Shkolina (Russia) also at 1.96, but on her 3rd attempt; 3rd to Esthera Petre (Romania) at 1.93; 4th for Irina Gordeyeva (Russia) at 1.90; and 5th place for Chaunté Lowe (USA) at 1.90 meters. The 19-year old Kuchina, the 2011 European Athletics Junior Championships gold medalist, cleared a season's best of 1.96 with her first attempt and then tried to break her own World Indoor Junior record with three close attempts at 1.98m. Kuchina set the Junior indoor record in 2011 at 1.97 meters.
Related Links.
<br>
<br>
9th Moravia High Jump Tour 2013.
The first leg was held in Hustopece on 26 January. Ivan Ukhov won the men's section with a clearance of 2.30 m, defeating Mutaz Essa Barshim on count-back. Alessia Trost won the women's high jump with 1.95 m. Trost improved to 2.00 m to win the second leg, held in Trinec on 29 January – a jump which ranked her as the second best Italian indoor jumper. Ukhov surprisingly failed at 2.20 m in Trinec and Barshim set a world leading 2.34 m to win the series. Men's runner-up Aleksey Dmitrik had the second best performance of the tour, clearing 2.31 m for second place.

</doc>
<doc id="31093484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093484" title="Start International Polska">
Start International Polska

Start International Polska is a Polish dubbing studio based in Warsaw.
The studio was founded in 1995.The company commissions dubbed,lectored versions of content for DVD distributors, and TV channels.Start International Polska is also one of the dubbing studios that Nickelodeon (Poland) works with to have content shown on it dubbed,the other being Master Film.

</doc>
<doc id="31093486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093486" title="Lincoln Park, San Diego">
Lincoln Park, San Diego

Lincoln Park is a community in the southeastern section of San Diego, California. It is bordered by Chollas View and the San Diego Trolley on the north, Mountain View and Interstate 805 on the west, Valencia Park and Euclid Avenue on the east, and National City, California on the south. Major thoroughfares include Imperial Avenue, Ocean View Boulevard, and Logan Avenue.
History.
The oldest section of Lincoln Park is the residential section between Imperial Avenue and Ocean View Boulevard. California State Route 157 was planned to run through Lincoln Park as an expressway, but that concept has been abandoned.
Landmarks and facilities.
Chollas Creek runs through Lincoln Park.
Education.
Lincoln Park is served by the San Diego Unified School District. Public schools in Lincoln Park include Lincoln High School, and John F. Kennedy and Knox Elementary Schools.

</doc>
<doc id="31093490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093490" title="Koedoe">
Koedoe

Koedoe, subtitled "African Protected Area Conservation and Science", is a peer-reviewed open-access scientific journal covering biology, ecology, and biodiversity conservation in Africa. It was established in 1958.
Abstracting and indexing.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in The Zoological Record, BIOSIS Previews, SciELO South Africa, and Scopus.

</doc>
<doc id="31093496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093496" title="Konradsburg">
Konradsburg

The Konradsburg is a former castle, monastery and manor house near Ermsleben in the German federal state of Saxony-Anhalt. 
Castle.
Konradsburg was first mentioned in 1021 and was originally built to protect the imperial estate ("Reichsgut") of the Harz. However it has no fortified towers, keep ("bergfried") or great hall ("Palas") to indicate that it was a fortified castle site.
Monastery.
After 1120, the Konradsburgs left this fortified hill spur, which lies about 3 kilometres south of Ermsleben and about eight kilometres west of Aschersleben, built Falkenstein Castle in the Selke valley and called themselves Falkensteins from 1142. On the Konradsburg a Benedictine abbey was founded which became the spiritual and economic centre of the area for several centuries. According to tradition, the conversion of the castle into a monastery had been a reparation imposed on Egeno II of Konradsburg for murdering Count Adalbert II of Ballenstedt around 1080.
As a result of the Peasants' War, the monks (who had been part of the Carthusian order since 1477) gave up the monastery of Konradsburg in 1526. Existing structural and excavated remains have revealed the extent of the former monastery. Of the original three-aisled Romanesque basilica, the high chancel and its underlying crypt have been preserved. Despite its simplicity, the chancel conveys a sense of the impressive size of the ancient basilica. The crypt is a five-aisled, groined vault, supported by columns and pillars. Capitals and imposts, decorated with architectural ornaments ("Bauzier") showing a wide range of influences (e.g. Rhenish-French), are testimony to the architecture of the 1200s. The main features of the buildings next to the church can be made out from the east and north wing of the enclosure ("Klausur"). 
Manor house.
In 1712 the Konradsburg was put to agricultural use as the manor house for an estate, or "Domäne", until 1945. In the centre of the old cloister stands the well house, a two-storey, timber-framed building, probably from the 18th century. The well is over 45 metres deep, probably dating to the time of the monastery and has a technical showpiece - a donkey gin ("Eselstretrad"). The other buildings were constructed in the 18th and 19th centuries for agricultural purposes.
Post 1945.
After 1945, it was used for a short time for agricultural purposes by a private farmer. Efforts by the town of Ermsleben and the Catholic Church in Aschersleben were unable, under the circumstances prevailing at the time (the site lay in Communist East Germany), to prevent the increasing neglect and dilapidation of Konradsburg in the 1970s, a time characterised by a rapid decline in its appearance.
Conservation and tourism.
Since 1982 young people have been involved in the conservation of the Konradsburg. From 1984 to 1988 it was supported by students of the Faculty of Art Science of the Humboldt University of Berlin. The decline of the site was halted and part of it was opened to the public. On 1 June 1990 the initiative of the Society for the Promotion of the Konradsburg ("Förderkreis Konradsburg") was founded to look after the castle site. In the years that followed, several endangered historic buildings in the vicinity were also taken over by the society, renovated and utilised, for example, the tower windmill at Endorf, the old brick factory at Wieserode and the forester's house at Friedrichshohenberg. In 1994 the society was accepted by UNESCO into its Treasures of the World project. Since 2003 the society has run a sheep-farming business at the foot of the castle. The Konradsburg is a stop on the Romanesque Road.
The Konradsburg remains open to the public and has a cafe. It is also checkpoint 201 on the Harzer Wandernadel hiking trail network.

</doc>
<doc id="31093508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093508" title="Michael Augustine (footballer)">
Michael Augustine (footballer)

Michael Augustine (born December 9, 1992 in Kano) is a Nigerian footballer who last played for the New England Revolution of Major League Soccer.
Club career.
Augustine began his career with Abuja and was promoted to the club’s first team in 2008. While with Abuja he scored 18 goals for the club and helped the squad gain promotion to the Nigerian Premier League in 2009. 
On March 4, 2011, the New England Revolution signed Augustine from Nigerian club Abuja. He made his debut for his new team on April 26, 2011, in the Revs' 3-2 win over D.C. United in the Lamar Hunt US Open Cup, and played in several 2011 MLS Reserve Division games, before being waived by New England on June 8, 2011, having never made an MLS appearance.

</doc>
<doc id="31093514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093514" title="Porticus Catuli">
Porticus Catuli

The Porticus Catuli ("Portico of Catulus") was a landmark (Latin "monumentum") on the Palatine Hill in ancient Rome. It was built by Quintus Lutatius Catulus (consul 102 BC) to commemorate his joint victory with Gaius Marius over the Cimbri at Vercellae.
The portico was adjacent to the house "(domus)" of Catulus, which Pliny the Elder regarded as one of the grandest built in the late 2nd century BC. The practice of expanding a family's "domus" from the relatively modest structures of the mid-Republic began at this time. The Porticus Catuli became known for the display of art works there. Its impressiveness rivaled that of the Temple of Honor and Virtue built by Marius also to commemorate the victory, for which both men earned a triumph.
The Porticus Catuli was located on a prominent piece of real estate that had already been highly politicized. It had formerly been the site of the house of M. Fulvius Flaccus, one of the supporters of the popularist Gaius Gracchus who were condemned to death and had their property confiscated and destroyed. In the mid-1st century BC, the Porticus Catuli was involved in the feud between Cicero and Clodius. When Cicero was condemned to exile for putting Roman citizens to death without allowing them right of appeal, Clodius razed Cicero's house and perhaps also the Porticus Catuli to build a shrine "(aedes)" to Libertas. If the portico was razed rather than incorporated into the new religious complex, it was rebuilt along with Cicero's house when the orator was restored to Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="31093515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093515" title="Mitsuami Heroine">
Mitsuami Heroine

Mitsuami Heroine is a 2004 EP by Kayo, a member of the Japanese band Polysics.

</doc>
<doc id="31093533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093533" title="NVM Express">
NVM Express

NVM Express, NVMe, or Non-Volatile Memory Host Controller Interface Specification (NVMHCI), is a specification for accessing solid-state drives (SSDs) attached through the PCI Express (PCIe) bus. "NVM" is an acronym for non-volatile memory, as used in SSDs.
A major application of NVMe is SATA Express, which is a new and backward-compatible interface specification supporting either SATA or PCI Express storage devices. SATA Express can use either legacy AHCI or new NVMe as the logical device interface.
Background.
Historically, most SSDs used buses such as SATA, SAS or Fibre Channel for interfacing with the rest of a computer system. Since the SSDs became available in mass markets, SATA has been the most typical way for connecting SSDs in personal computers; however, SATA was designed for mechanical hard disk drives, and has become increasingly inadequate as SSDs have improved. For example, unlike hard disk drives, some SSDs are limited by the maximum throughput of SATA.
High-end SSDs have been made using the PCI Express bus before, but using non-standard specification interfaces. By standardizing the interface of SSDs, operating systems only need one driver to work with all SSDs adhering to the specification. It also means that each SSD manufacturer does not have to use additional resources to design specific interface drivers. This is similar to how USB devices are built to follow the USB specification and work with all computers, with no per-device drivers needed.
History.
The first details of a new standard for accessing non-volatile memory emerged at the Intel Developer Forum 2007, when NVMHCI was shown as the host-side protocol of a proposed architectural design that had ONFI on the memory (flash) chips side. A NVMHCI working group led by Intel was formed that year. The NVMHCI 1.0 specification was completed in April 2008 and released on Intel's web site. 
Technical work on NVMe began in the second half of 2009. The NVMe specifications were developed by the NVM Express Workgroup, which consists of more than 90 companies; Amber Huffman of Intel was the working group's chair. Version 1.0 of the specification was released on , while version 1.1 of the specification was released on . Major features added in version 1.1 are multi-path I/O (with namespace sharing) and arbitrary-length scatter-gather I/O. It is expected that future revisions will significantly enhance namespace management. Because of its feature focus, NVMe 1.1 was initially called "Enterprise NVMHCI". An update for the base NVMe specification, called version 1.0e, was released in January 2013. 
In June 2011, a Promoter Group led by seven companies was formed. Cisco, Dell, EMC, IDT, Intel, NetApp, and Oracle have permanent seats in this group, while six other seats are held by representatives elected from the other member companies of the workgroup.
The first commercially available NVMe chipsets were released by Integrated Device Technology (89HF16P04AG3 and 89HF32P08AG3) in August 2012. The first NVMe drive, Samsung's XS1715 enterprise drive, was announced in July 2013; according to Samsung, this drive supported 3 GB/s read speeds, six times faster than their previous enterprise offerings. The LSI SandForce SF3700 controller family, released in November 2013, also supports NVMe. Sample engineering boards with the PCI Express 2.0 ×4 model of this controller found 1,800 MB/sec read/write sequential speeds and 150K/80K random IOPS. A Kingston HyperX "prosumer" product using this controller was showcased at the Consumer Electronics Show 2014 and promised similar performance. As of March 2014, none of the announced NVMe drives are commercially available.
At the logical level, the draft SCSI SOP/PQI protocol stack (sometimes marketed as or as part of SCSI Express) intends to compete with NVMe.
Comparison with AHCI.
While Advanced Host Controller Interface (AHCI) interface has the benefit of legacy software compatibility, it does not deliver optimal performance when an SSD is connected via PCI Express bus. This is because AHCI was developed back at the time when the purpose of a host bus adapter (HBA) in a system was to connect the CPU/memory subsystem with a much slower storage subsystem based on rotating magnetic media. Such an interface has some inherent inefficiencies when applied to SSD devices, which behave much more like DRAM than like spinning media.
NVMe has been designed from the ground up, capitalizing on the low latency and parallelism of PCI Express SSDs, and fulfilling the parallelism of contemporary CPUs, platforms and applications. At a high level, the basic advantages of NVMe over AHCI relate to its ability to exploit parallelism in host hardware and software, manifested by differences in depth of command queues, interrupts processing, the number of uncacheable register accesses etc., resulting in various performance improvements.
The table below summarizes high-level differences between the basic NVMe and AHCI device interfaces.

</doc>
<doc id="31093564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093564" title="DreDDup (album)">
DreDDup (album)

dreDDup is the fourth official album of Serbian industrial group dreDDup. It was recorded during the period 2008-2010 in DURU studio. Band tried to do something completely different and changed their sound do massacre crossover abandoning the original sound. This is the first album with the completely new line-up. This album tells a story about dark diary. It was self-titled because the band wanted to complete the story with this release and finish with studio recordings. The artwork was created by the partist Bojana Jarošenko and 91 Design team. It presented the visual explanation of the entire music in the album. This album also concluded some guest musicians such as Roko of f.O.F, Bojan from KOH, Laura from Talbot's Curse and Bajs from Kleimor. The complete production and studio mastering/mixing was done by miKKa. Album was released for dPulse Recordings in February 2011.
here is the album manifest taken from dreDDup website:
"Welcome to the world of inner pain and dreDDup. We will bring your desires back to life. We will taste your minds and your eyes. We will cry for you and feel emotions for you. You will never be alone. You will never be alone.
This is the last one of the unicorns. The darkest one. A child of forgotten dreams and spaces we lost. It is the tunnel for the other side where your Other lives. The forgotten boy from the Neverland. The abandoned girl from the forest. We will drive your soul. We will drill your eyes. Unlock your new taste and let you know about a very strange dark presence. You will feel nothing in the end. You will have no emotions. You will open yourselves and wonder: “Where is the garden of dead friends? Anybody alive?”."

</doc>
<doc id="31093568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093568" title="2011 12 Hours of Sebring">
2011 12 Hours of Sebring

The 59th Mobil 1 12 Hours of Sebring presented by Fresh from Florida was held at Sebring International Raceway on March 19, 2011. It was the opening round of the 2011 American Le Mans Series season and the 2011 Intercontinental Le Mans Cup.
Qualifying.
Qualifying Result.
Pole position winners in each class are marked in bold.
Race.
Race result.
Class winners in bold. Cars failing to complete 70% of winner's distance marked as Not Classified (NC).

</doc>
<doc id="31093572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093572" title="1976 World Professional Match-Play Championship">
1976 World Professional Match-Play Championship

The 1976 World Professional Match-Play Championship was a professional non-ranking snooker tournament held in December 1976 in Melbourne, Australia. The event was promoted by Eddie Charlton. 
Charlton won in the final 31–24 against Ray Reardon.

</doc>
<doc id="31093574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093574" title="Meisdorf House">
Meisdorf House

Meisdorf House () is a "schloss" in the village of Meisdorf in the borough of Falkenstein in the German federal state of Saxony-Anhalt, that is now used as a hotel. It was built in 1708 with a 12 hectare castle park.
History.
In the second half of the 18th century Meisdorf and the nearby Falkenstein Castle came into the possession of court official and diplomat, Achatz Ferdinand of the Asseburg. As the castle was only used as a hunting lodge and the old Meisdorf residence had become too small for the needs of the lords, he built this new, more spacious, albeit simple residence in 1787, and had the existing house converted into an official's quarter. The new mansion house, whose facade faced away from the Meisdorf was linked to the village by an avenue of lime and chestnut trees, 400 paces long.
After the death of its creator, who was buried with his family in one of him in the baroque style of his time in a mausoleum hewn from solid rock in the nearby Selke valley, the house became the property of the Neindorf line of the family of Asseburgs. As this line expired in 1816 on the death of the vicar capitular, Louis Busso of the Asseburg, the lordship of Falkenstein went to the Eggenstedt-Ampfurt line.
Later, the Prussian Privy Councillor and master hunter, Count Louis Augustus became its owner and had avenues laid on both sides of the mansion towards Ballenstedt and Harzgerode. A large park and lush lawns surrounded the house in his time. In addition there was a deciduous wood around the house, through which a road to a neo-gothic sandstone mausoleum was built and another led to a Swiss Cottage on top of a hill above the house.
Close behind the buildings belonging to the house and gardens is the Selke valley.
The mill ("Schlossmühle") in the grounds of the house and the family mausoleum (no. 207) are checkpoints in the Harzer Wandernadel hiking trail network.

</doc>
<doc id="31093580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093580" title="Old City of Shanghai">
Old City of Shanghai

The Old City of Shanghai (), also formerly known as the Chinese city, is the traditional urban core of Shanghai, China. Its boundary was formerly defined by a defensive wall. The Old City was the county seat for the old county of Shanghai. With the advent of foreign concessions in Shanghai, the Old City became just one part of Shanghai's urban core but continued for decades to be the seat of the Chinese authority in Shanghai. Notable features include the City God Temple which is located in the center of the Old City and is connected to the Yuyuan Garden. With the exception of two short sections, the walls were demolished in 1912, and a broad circular avenue built over the former wall and moat: the southern half was named the "Zhonghua Road" and the northern half the "Minguo Road" (together making up ""Zhonghua Minguo"", or "Republic of China" in Chinese). (The northern half was renamed "Renmin Road" ("People's Road") in 1950 by the new Communist government of Shanghai).
The Old City was for decades largely coterminous with the old Nanshi District, which is now part of Huangpu District.
Fortifications.
There may have been some sort of defensive works around the county seat of Shanghai from the 11th century. The city wall which survived until the 20th century and parts of which remain to this day was, however, built in 1554 during the Ming Dynasty, in order to protect the town from raids by Japanese pirates. It measured high and in circumference.
There were originally six land gates (over roads) built into the structure, and three water gates (over canals):
<br clear=all>
A protective moat surrounded the wall, wide and deep, which was accessed though three "Water Gates" (two in the east, one in the west).
In 1860 a new gate was created, the "New Northern Gate" (新北門 or 障川門). In 1909, three new gates were pierced:
The Old City walls were dismantled in 1912 by General Chen Qimei, then new Governor of Shanghai.
Apart from two small preserved sections, the walls were demolished in 1912, and a broad circular avenue built in the place of the wall and moat. The northern half of the circular road was completed in 1913. To celebrate the founding of the Republic of China in 1912, and because the road formed the boundary between the Chinese city and the French Concession, the road was named the "Boulevard des Deux Republiques" (literally "Boulevard of the Two Republics"), or "Fa-Hua Minguo Lu" in Chinese (literally "French and Chinese Republics Road"), and often shortened to "Minguo Lu" (or "Republic Road"). In 1914, the southern part of the circular road was completed, and named "Zhonghua Lu" (literally "China Road"). Together, the customary names of the two roads made up ""Zhonghua Minguo"", or "Republic of China" in Chinese. (The northern half was renamed "Renmin Road" ("People's Road") in 1950 by the new Communist government of Shanghai.)
Today only two very small sections remain. The more significant of these includes one of the towers (pavilions) over the gate, and is now the Dajing Ge Pavillon museum.
Old City and Foreign Concessions.
After the Opium War in 1842, various foreign concessions were established in Shanghai. The Old City remained under Chinese control, while the foreign concessions to its north and west quickly developed into the new urban areas of Shanghai. The Old City became known to the increasingly cosmopolitan populace as the "Chinese City", or the "Southern City" to the local Chinese, whereas the concessions were called the "Northern City" (北市). Initially, only foreigners could settle in the concessions (though the concessions always had pre-existing Chinese residents), while newly arrived Chinese migrants lived in packed conditions in the Old City, which functioned as a sort of ghetto.
During the Taiping Rebellion in 1853, the Old City was captured by the forces of the Small Swords Society. The Governor of Shanghai Wu Jianzhang fled to the British Concession and had to transfer control of trade to the foreigners in exchange for help in retaking the city. Recognising that a huge stream of refugees was fleeing into the foreign concessions, not only from the Chinese areas of Shanghai but also from the surrounding region, from 1854 the Chinese were permitted to move into the foreign concessions.
Administrative history.
The Old City of Shanghai stands on the site of a relatively small settlement in ancient times, which began to develop in importance in the 12th and 13th century due to the siltration of waterways further upstream, causing dock and market activities to move from larger upstream towns to this location. In 1267, in the Song Dynasty, Shanghai was raised to township status, with a military garrison, within Huating County. In 1277, Shanghai township was chosen as the location of one of seven customs authorities across the empire to handle overseas trade; the surrounding Huating County was raised to prefecture level. The location of the customs office(which later became the office of Shanghai's county government), became a centre around which the Old City grew.
The importance of this trade function led to Shanghai being raised to county status in 1292, the Old City becoming the seat of the new county. While the foreign concessions developed into new urban areas of Shanghai, the Old City remained the seat of the county, which nominally included the foreign concessions, but in reality the county's authority extended only over the Chinese areas of the city, being the Old City, the western suburbs which is today Minhang District, and the docklands and factory areas in the northeast. (Apart from a small dockland area near the river, today's Pudong was a separate county.) In 1912, after the establishment of the Republic of China, the Old City was officially raised to city status (Shanghai City), under Shanghai County, although the city status was revoked and restored several times in the next years due to political changes in the capital Beijing and power struggles among warlords locally.
In 1927, in a bid to establish a tangible Chinese authority in Shanghai, the Republic of China government estabilshed the Special Municipality of Shanghai. The municipal government was moved out of the Old City to near Xujiahui. In 1928, Shanghai City (the Old City) was reduced to district status under the Special Municipality. In 1930, Shanghai County became a separate parallel administrative unit to the Special Municipality, and the county government was moved out to Minhang. This was the end of the Old City's role as the seat of government of Shanghai.
From 1928, the Old City was Hunan District; "Hunan" literally meant "southern Shanghai". In 1937, the collaborationist puppet government under Japanese occupation renamed the district "Nanshi" (literally the "southern city"). In 1945, upon recovering Shanghai at the end of World War II, the Republic of China government split Nanshi district into Yimiao District and Penglai District. In 1959, the People's Republic of China government re-combined the two districts into Nanshi District. (Between 1961 and 1993, the docklands on the Pudong (eastern) side of the river was part of Nanshi District.) In 2000, Nanshi Distrct was merged into Huangpu District, thus ending the separate existence of the Old City as an administrative division.
Today.
Today the Old City contains some ancient but renovated features, such as the Yuyuan Garden complex, and the City God Temple. Its circular shape is now imprinted by the surrounded large streets which occupy the space of the former walls, now Renmin Road to the North and Zhonghua Road to the South. The Old City has also been cut in the middle North to South by Henan Road. The Old City is a combination of ancient winding streets, with some modern high-rise buildings progressively encroaching on the older areas.

</doc>
<doc id="31093583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093583" title="Kingston, Milton Keynes">
Kingston, Milton Keynes

Kingston is a district in the east side of Milton Keynes, in the civil parish of Kents Hill, Monkston and Brinklow.
Kingston District Centre is a large retail development that serves this side of Milton Keynes (its home parish, Broughton, Middleton, the parish of Walton, and Newport Pagnell to some extent. The District Centre houses a Tesco hypermarket and other UK high street names, such as Boots, Marks and Spencer and other retail outlets. The centre also has a small local library and a meeting place.
According to Milton Keynes Borough Council, Kingston, Wolverton, Bletchley and Westcroft form the second tier in the retail hierarchy of Milton Keynes, below Milton Keynes Central.
Bounded by Chafron Way (H7) to the north, Tongwell St (A4146) to the east, Standing Way (A421) to the south and Newport Rd (A5130) to the east, the rest of the district consists of a motor dealer, light industry factories and warehouses.

</doc>
<doc id="31093584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093584" title="Palo Verde Christian High School">
Palo Verde Christian High School

Palo Verde Christian High School was a Christian high school in Tucson, Arizona. It opened in 1986 and closed due to financial difficulties when it was bought out by the Catalina Foothills Church in 2000 and renamed Pusch Ridge Christian Academy. During the Palo Verde years the mascot was the Crusaders.
History.
The history of Palo Verde Christian High School dates back to December 22, 1958. On this date Charles William Egleston (1895–1965) and his wife Anna Kehr Egleston (1898–1997) donated of pristine desert property in the foothills of the Santa Catalina Mountains at the base of Pusch Ridge to Palo Verde Baptist Church of North Tucson. Mr. and Mrs. Egleston gifted Palo Verde their largest and most valuable real estate holding to be used "for religious and educational purposes only," with a firm vision that the property would support a school grounded in Christian values and faith. 
The property was subdivided in late 1977 for the establishment of Canyon del Oro Baptist Church on the southern of the land. The other remained undeveloped through 1982, when Max Wilford, the president of the Palo Verde Christian School Board directed the commencement of construction on the Egleston property. Mr. Wilford desired to relocate Palo Verde Christian School from its location in Tucson to the property in Oro Valley.
In the fall of 1994, Palo Verde Christian School opened its doors on the Egleston property in Oro Valley. This new location was effectively the middle & high school, serving grades 6 through 12, while grades K through 5 remained at the Palo Verde Baptist Church property in Tucson. Due to financial difficulties, by early 2000, the school was struggling to remain solvent. It was at that time that the leadership of Catalina Foothills Church, PCA, desired to open a Christian high school. Ownership of the school transferred from Palo Verde Baptist Church to Catalina Foothills Church in early 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="31093592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093592" title="The Castle (Saint Helena)">
The Castle (Saint Helena)

The Castle is the main government building on the island of Saint Helena, located in the historic centre of the capital Jamestown, close to James Bay and the old town gate. The oldest parts of the complex date to 1710 but it was largely reconstructed in the 1860s because of termite damage. It does not have the appearance of a typical castle, though historically the site was part of the East India Company fortifications of Jamestown.
Originally the residence of the Governor of Saint Helena, it is today the location of many of the island’s administrative offices, including the Chief Secretary’s. Also part of the complex is Jamestown’s police station, a library, the island’s main courthouse and public gardens. Other buildings in Jamestown are also used to house government-related offices and functions. It is a Grade I Listed building.

</doc>
<doc id="31093631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093631" title="Leptos Estates">
Leptos Estates

Leptos Estates is a property development group in Cyprus, Greece.
History.
The Leptos Group has deep roots dating back almost five decades. In the early 1960s Michael Leptos, was an innovator in starting the property development business in Kyrenia, Cyprus. Following the 1974 events in Cyprus, the Group’s activities were relocated to the Middle East and the Persian Gulf with an emphasis on constructing major residential developments. An example of these was the Saudia City project in Jeddah, comprising 4,000 homes, which was considered ground-breaking at that time. 
Leptos expanded in the 1980s by purchasing a large area of land from the Bishop of Paphos. Subsequent developments in the area included the Kamares Village and Olympus Village projects. By 2005, Leptos had become the largest property developer on Cyprus.
The group later continued its activities in the region of Paphos. The company opened hotels, developed houses and operated other businesses in the region. It later own continued its activities in Greece, specifically in the islands of Paros, Santorini and Crete.
In 2009 Michael Leptos received an award by the President of Cyprus Dimitris Christofias at the Cyprus Chamber of Commerce for his contribution as a company to the progress of the Cyprus economy. In 2010 Leptos Estates received the gold Homes Overseas Russian Award for best project in Greece, the Aphrodite. 
Developments.
Michael Leptos, the founder of the company, opened the 5-star hotel of Coral Bay, situated in the Coral Bay, Cyprus. It then also opened one more hotel in the same area, the Thalassa Boutique Hotel & Spa. The group has now a number of hotels and resorts both in Cyprus and Greece which operate under the Leptos Calypso Hotels Public Ltd.

</doc>
<doc id="31093638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093638" title="Jules Ernest Renoux">
Jules Ernest Renoux

Jules Alphonse Ernest Renoux (5 May 1863 – 9 June 1932) was a French painter working during the height of French Impressionism and the Belle Epoque.
Training and career.
Renoux was the son of Jules Alphonse Renoux and Ernestine Veron. He showed early a talent for drawing and was still young when he went to live in Paris with his mother; her husband had abandoned her and had gone off to fight as a volunteer in the Franco-Prussian War of 1870. A student of Jean-Léon Gérôme and Alfred Philippe Roll, Renoux studied at the École des Beaux-Arts and collaborated with Roll on the painted ceilings of the Hôtel de Viller, the Sorbonne and the Petit Palais. 
Count de Zogheb, a well-known personality of the Belle Epoque, commissioned Renoux to paint his portrait, which was shown in the Salon of 1901. Count de Zogheb subsequently purchased many other Renoux paintings; this association earned Renoux two medals, the Imperial Order of Medjidieh and the Cross of the Knights of the Portuguese Military Order of Christ (which, with typical modesty, he never wore). A later patron was the industrialist Auguste Magnère, an amateur artist whom Renoux tutored.
Renoux exhibited in the Paris gallery of Georges Bernheim in 1916, and the public reception was an encouraging success, resulting in the sale of twelve paintings. From 1922 Renoux exhibited at the Salon des Artistes Francais where he became a member. Ten of Renoux's paintings are on permanent display at the Petit Palais, Musée des Beaux Arts de la ville de Paris.
Style.
Renoux employed a palette based in yellow-orange and ochre in which he painted street scenes admired for their understated beauty and agility of hand. Renoux liked painting the human form, frequently with members of his family as sitters. But he was shy and disliked sketching in the open streets. He often chose some obscure corner from which to draw, which explains the interesting and unusual perspective of some of his paintings. As The Times of London wrote, "He might in the broad sense of the term be called Impressionist, being concerned with the open-air effect, taking particular pleasure in the dapple of sunlight on tree shaded avenues. Accurate in perspective, he used it with an eye to pictorial value and showed particular skill in placing his vividly sketched figures at varying distances from the spectator." 
Personal life.
Renoux married Berthe Madeleine in 1895, although his mother opposed the marriage on financial grounds. His wife was a frequent model.
Renoux Museum and exhibition.
Romeny-sur-Marne has a museum dedicated to Renoux’s life and work, "la Maison Renoux", where his studio, in the center of his garden, has been preserved. A stèle and plaque, place de l'Église, are dedicated to his memory. Renoux traveled frequently to Romeny-sur-Marne and settled there permanently after losing his studio in Paris, 50, rue Saint-Didier, in 1928. He is buried in the village cemetery of Romeny-sur-Marne. Renoux's sun umbrella, stool, paint box, and transport case for works-in-progress were displayed at an impressionism exhibit at the Albertina in 2009 and are now in the Petit Palais.

</doc>
<doc id="31093643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093643" title="Epidaurus (mythology)">
Epidaurus (mythology)

In Greek mythology, Epidaurus (Ἐπίδαυρος) was the presumed eponym of the "polis" Epidaurus.
His parentage varies from one local version of the myth to another: the Argive version gives him as the son of Argus (himself son of Zeus) and Evadne; people of Elis believed him to be a son of Pelops; finally, the Epidaurians themselves considered him to be a son of Apollo. These versions are recounted by Pausanias, who also adds that he knew of no natives of Epidaurus who would claim descent from the eponymous hero.

</doc>
<doc id="31093645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093645" title="John Scott (sailor)">
John Scott (sailor)

John Malcolm Scott (born 1934) is an Australian sailor. He won a silver medal in the Sharpie class with Rolly Tasker at the 1956 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="31093654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093654" title="Emerald Hills, San Diego">
Emerald Hills, San Diego

Emerald Hills is a community in the southeastern section of the city of San Diego. It is bordered by Oak Park and California State Route 94 on the north, Chollas View and Euclid Avenue on the west, Encanto on the east, and Valencia Park and Market Street on the south. Major thoroughfares include Kelton Road and Roswell Street.
History.
The area which constitutes Emerald Hills was once a burial site for the local Kumeyaay Indian tribe. The modern neighborhood is named for the Emerald Hills Country Club and Golf Course, established in the area in 1929. The Country Club was sold in 1939 to Thomas Sharp (of Sharp Health Care) to build a transmitter site for his radio stations KFSD-AM/FM. Due to the proximity to the Chollas Naval Towers, the KFSD towers were not built until 1948. During the war Sharp continued to operate the golf course, and after the radio transmitter facility was built, Emerald Hills was lowered from an 18 hole course to a 9 hole. Sharp sold the remaining golf course to developers to be used for homes in 1958. 
Landmarks and facilities.
The highest point in Emerald Hills holds a radio transmitter for AM 600 KOGO.The transmitter site predates the community as it was built in 1948 for AM 600 KFSD now KOGO
Much of Emerald Hills is open space, including Radio Canyon. A portion of Chollas Creek flows through the neighborhood.
The Malcolm X Library and Performing Arts Center is located at 5148 Market Street.
Education.
Emerald Hills is served by the San Diego Unified School District. Public schools in Emerald Hills include Johnson Elementary School.
See also.
City of San Diego website. http://www.sandiego.gov/citycouncil/cd4/communities/emeraldhills.shtml

</doc>
<doc id="31093675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093675" title="Kim Kee-hee">
Kim Kee-hee

Kim Kee-Hee (; born 13 July 1989) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors in the K League Classic.
Club career.
Kim initially played University League at Hongik University from 2008 to 2010. Kim was then drafted in the second round of the 2011 K-League draft by Daegu FC. Kim made his professional debut on 5 March 2011, playing the full 90 minutes of Daegu's opening game of the 2011 K-League season against Gwangju FC, which ended in a 2-3 loss for Daegu FC. On 26 September 2012, Kim joined the newly promoted Qatar Stars League club Al-Sailiya on a loan deal.
International career.
In 2011, Kim was selected for the South Korea U-23 national team that participated in the 2012 King's Cup, an annual tournament held in Thailand.

</doc>
<doc id="31093683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093683" title="Celebrate (Daria Kinzer song)">
Celebrate (Daria Kinzer song)

"Celebrate" (previously "Break a Leg") is a song by Croatian female singer Daria, written by Croatian song composer Boris Đurđević. It represented Croatia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 (first semifinal night) but failed to qualify for the finals. 

</doc>
<doc id="31093688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093688" title="The Oxford Textbook of Medicine">
The Oxford Textbook of Medicine

The Oxford Textbook of Medicine is an international textbook of medicine. First published in 1983, it is now in its fifth edition. It is primarily aimed at mature physicians looking for information outside their area of particular expertise, but widely used as a reference source by medical students and doctors in training, and by others seeking authoritative accounts of the science and clinical practice of medicine.
The "Oxford Textbook of Medicine" is available in print and online - where its contents are systematically updated.
Description.
The "Oxford Textbook of Medicine" covers the scientific aspects and clinical practice of internal medicine and its subspecialties. It offers practical guidance on clinical management and the prevention of disease.
Throughout the book, basic science and clinical practice are integrated, and the implications of research for medical practice are explained. Traditional specialty areas in clinical medicine are covered, and there are sections on the following; bioterrorism and forensic medicine; medical disorders in pregnancy; travel and expedition medicine; nutrition; the use of stem cells; regenerative medicine; and psychiatry and drug related problems in general medical practice.
The fifth edition of this book is different from previous editions, with each chapter including a chapter summary, and all illustrations and photographs now in full colour.
Online Access.
The fifth edition of the "Oxford Textbook of Medicine" is available online from Oxford University Press. The online edition contains the full-text, figures, and illustrations of the print version, as well as links to sources of related and further reading. All figures can be dowonloaded into PowerPoint.
The online edition of the "Oxford Textbook of Medicine" will be systematically updated twice a year.
Online access in low and middle income countries is supported by the "Wellcome Trust" and is made available through the World Health Organisation-led HINARI Access to Research in Health programme.
Editorial Team.
The "Oxford Textbook of Medicine" is edited by:
In total, there are 750 contributors to the textbook.

</doc>
<doc id="31093689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093689" title="Ameco Beijing">
Ameco Beijing

Aircraft Maintenance and Engineering Corporation (Ameco Beijing) is the largest aircraft maintenance supplier in China.
History.
The company was founded in May 1989 by Air China as a 60/40 joint venture with minority partner Lufthansa under a joint venture agreement set to last for 15 years. Each side made contributions to the joint venture with Air China providing 3,750 employees, the workflow of Air China maintenance, spare stocks, and a sprawling maintenance complex at Beijing Capital International Airport while Lufthansa provided an initial capital infusion of $37.6 million and technical and management support.
In the first few years, the company made major upgrades in facilities and training. An apprentice training program was started in 1990 to train Chinese aircraft, engine, and avionics technicians. The first class of 48 students graduated in 1992. A new $65.6 million hangar was built with enough space to fit four Boeing 747 wingtip to wingtip, allowing Ameco to perform heavy maintenance.
Services.
In addition to the main facilities in Beijing, Ameco has 6 outstations in Shanghai, Guangzhou, Chongqing, Tianjin, Qingdao and Chengdu.
Early on the company gained foreign clients, painting aircraft for Northwest Airlines, Air New Zealand, and Korean Air. It received its first European heavy mainteance orders in 1997 when Lufthansa started to move overhaul work from Hamburg headquarters to Ameco.
In 2005, United Airlines and Ameco inked a 5 year deal for heavy maintenance work on the entire fleet of 55 Boeing 777s. The relationship expanded in 2010, when another 5 year contract was signed, including both the Boeing 747s and 777s fleets. In the same year, Aeroflot signed a deal to send line check work on 4 Boeing 767s to Ameco.

</doc>
<doc id="31093699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093699" title="Gerard Catholic High School">
Gerard Catholic High School

Gerard Catholic High School was a Roman Catholic diocesan high school which opened in 1962 in Phoenix, Arizona. It was named for Msgr. Edward Gerard, one of the first ordained priests to minister in the Arizona territory.
In the same year, Bourgade Catholic High School in west Phoenix opened. Several Bourgade buildings — the school's Madonna Hall, Hillman Center, and 100/200 wing buildings — are identical to former Gerard structures.
It was closed after the spring of 1989 due to declining enrollment. In 1983, it educated 603 students, but by 1989, that number had declined sharply to 257. Upon its closure, the furniture was given as salvage to other Catholic schools, and the structure was demolished. The gymnasium superstructure was moved to St. Mary's High School and paired with donated and salvaged materials.
Its athletics mascot was the Redcoat. Its colors were red and gray. A board honoring Gerard's athletic history is installed in the lobby of the gymnasium at Seton Catholic Preparatory High School.
External links.
Alumni website

</doc>
<doc id="31093704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093704" title="Cavedweller (film)">
Cavedweller (film)

Cavedweller is a 2004 film directed by Lisa Cholodenko, based on the novel of the same name by Dorothy Allison. It stars Kyra Sedgwick and Aidan Quinn. It was nominated for numerous awards in 2004 and 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="31093713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093713" title="Turkmenistani presidential election, 1992">
Turkmenistani presidential election, 1992

Presidential elections were held in Turkmenistan on 21 June 1992. The only candidate was incumbent President Saparmurat Niyazov, who won 99.5% of the vote. Voter turnout was 99.8%.

</doc>
<doc id="31093720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093720" title="Madison Burge">
Madison Burge

Madison Burge (born Dora Madison Burge on October 17, 1991) is an American actress. She is best known for her portrayal of the character Becky Sproles on the television series "Friday Night Lights".
Life and career.
Burge was born in Hutto, Texas The youngest of six children, Dora was a performer from birth. She attended Round Rock Christian Academy and was accepted to the University of North Texas but delayed her admission to pursue a career in acting. She's also an aspiring singer and lyricist who dabbles with banjo percussion.
After appearing in a number of short films, in 2009, Burge was cast in the television series "Friday Night Lights". According to a local interview, prior to being cast, she did not watch the series, but her lack of familiarity with the show did not limit her abilities when auditioning for the part as she was "so right on" for the role.
In 2011, Burge appeared in the film "Seven Days in Utopia". and appeared as Lexi Samuels in three episodes of the ABC Family series "The Lying Game".
Also in 2011, Burge appeared in the dark comedy/horror film "Humans vs Zombies", based on the Live Action Role-Playing game of the same name.
In 2013, Burge made an appearance on a music video for the song "Mono" by My Jerusalem. She has also joined the final season of "Dexter" as Vince Masuka's daughter Niki.

</doc>
<doc id="31093772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31093772" title="Turkmenistani Supreme Soviet election, 1990">
Turkmenistani Supreme Soviet election, 1990

Supreme Soviet elections were held in the Turkmen SSR on 7 January 1990. Although multi-party politics had been introduced, the Communist Party of Turkmenistan was the only registered party. It won around 90% of the 175 seats. Voter turnout was 93.6%.

</doc>
