<doc id="30962466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962466" title="Haskell School">
Haskell School

Haskell School can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30962468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962468" title="Centre Ice Rink">
Centre Ice Rink

The Centre Ice Rink is a 49,000 sq. ft. facility built in 2002 that is based in Harrington, Delaware that hosts activities like Ice Hockey, Figure Skating and Public skating in the Winter. In the summer the facility transforms to house 4-H and FFA exhibits and demonstrations during the State Fair.
College Ice Hockey.
The Wesley College Wolverines Ice Hockey team play home games at the Centre.
Figure Skating.
The Bay Country Figure Skating Club's skaters perform shows and practice at the Centre.

</doc>
<doc id="30962473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962473" title="The Last Sherlock Holmes Story">
The Last Sherlock Holmes Story

The Last Sherlock Holmes Story is a non-canonical Sherlock Holmes pastiche novel by Michael Dibdin. 
The novel is an account of Holmes' attempt to solve the Jack the Ripper murders. Holmes suspects the Ripper to be his nemesis, James Moriarty. There is a twist ending which some reviewers have found to be clever while others were disappointed.

</doc>
<doc id="30962480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962480" title="Tom Black (footballer)">
Tom Black (footballer)

Tom Black (born 11 October 1962 in Lanark) is a Scottish former footballer, who played for Airdrie, St. Mirren, Kilmarnock and Stranraer.

</doc>
<doc id="30962481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962481" title="Deep Cuts, Volume 1 (1973–1976)">
Deep Cuts, Volume 1 (1973–1976)

Deep Cuts, Volume 1 (1973–1976) is a compilation of Queen tracks between 1973 and 1976. Unlike other compilations released by Queen, Deep Cuts contains songs which are largely not as well known as Queen's hits. The album was released on 14 March 2011 as part of Queen's 40th Anniversary. Deep Cuts Volume 1 was released at the same time Queen's first five albums ("Queen", "Queen II", "Sheer Heart Attack", "A Night at the Opera", "A Day at the Races") were re-released. The songs picked were all personal favourite songs that weren't hits selected by Brian May, Roger Taylor, and Taylor Hawkins (the drummer for the Foo Fighters). It's the only release to feature the complete ending of The March of The Black Queen (on "Queen II" it segues to Funny How Love Is) and of Ogre Battle (on "Queen II" it segues to The Fairy Feller's Master-Stroke). The three songs Tenement Funster, Flick of the Wrist and Lily of the Valley all segue into each other just like on the original Sheer Heart Attack album.

</doc>
<doc id="30962497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962497" title="Bituminaria bituminosa">
Bituminaria bituminosa

Bituminaria bituminosa, the Arabian pea or pitch trefoil, is a perennial Mediterranean herb species in the genus "Bituminaria".
The pterocarpans bitucarpin A and B can be isolated from the aerial parts of "B. bituminosa".
It has several potential uses: (i) forage crop, (ii) Phytostabilization of heavy metal contaminated or degraded soils, (iii) Synthesis of furanocoumarins (psoralen, angelicin, xanthotoxin and bergapten), compounds of broad pharmaceutical interest.
It is easily recognizable by the characteristic smell of bitumen from its leaves. This strong tar-like characteristic aroma appears to be the result of a combination of several substances such as phenolics, sulphurated compounds, sesquiterpenes and probably short-chain hydrocarbon. Total polyphenols content was < 2% and the condensed tannins was <0.8% in a dry weight basis.

</doc>
<doc id="30962505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962505" title="Red Castle">
Red Castle

Red Castle may be:

</doc>
<doc id="30962508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962508" title="Daniel Giger">
Daniel Giger

Daniel Giger (born 1 October 1949) is a Swiss fencer. He won a silver medal in the team épée event at the 1972 Summer Olympics and a bronze in the same event at the 1976 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30962514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962514" title="Epsilon II Archaeological Site">
Epsilon II Archaeological Site

Epsilon II is a significant archaeological site on the shores of Lake Monroe in southeastern Monroe County, Indiana, United States. One of the largest preserved sites from its time period in the region, it has been designated a historic site.
Geology.
Epsilon II sits on the northern and western edges of a peninsula that juts into Lake Monroe, on the grounds of the Ransburg Scout Reservation. Before the lake was impounded in 1965, the site lay in an upland area, occupying a relatively flat and open terrace in the valley of Salt Creek. Soil at the site is largely an acidic mix of silt and loam; it is dotted with many outcrops of Harrodsburg limestone. Since the creation of Lake Monroe, between 25% and 40% of the site has been damaged by coastal erosion due to waves on the lake; the summers of 1979 and 1980 were particularly damaging, due to abnormally high water levels.
Archaeology.
In 1976, archaeologists from the Glenn Black Laboratory at Indiana University in nearby Bloomington conducted an intensive field survey of the shores of Lake Monroe, finding over one hundred different sites. The location known as Epsilon II, which was designated "12 MO 133," yielded hundreds of artifacts in an area of about , including four projectile points, seven bifaces, a scraper, two hammerstones, and more than six hundred lithic flakes. These findings were in addition to previously-known discoveries of dozens of projectile points, many of which were of the "Karnak Stemmed" or "Karnak Unstemmed" varieties. Also known as the "Sisson Site," Epsilon II was partially excavated in 1976: using shovels and augers, archaeologists dug small test pits no more than deep and discovered conclusive evidence of a large and undamaged midden at the site. Besides more stone tools, the excavation found fire-damaged rocks and significant amounts of organic materials, such as charcoal and pieces of tree nuts.
Conclusions.
Different types of projectile points were found at Epsilon II, including ones made during the Paleoindian, Early through Late Archaic, and Early through Late Woodland periods; however, the largest concentration dates from the middle portion of the Late Archaic period. More than 90% of all points date from various parts of the Late Archaic, which is greater than that of any other nearby site, many of which are predominately Early Archaic. Because most Middle Late Archaic peoples in the eastern portion of the Midwestern United States were nomads, they are little known except from major processing sites, such as large clam shell middens in the valleys of large rivers. Few Middle Late Archaic middens or other sites have been found in upland regions, and many of them have been destroyed by agricultural cultivation. Despite the damage caused by erosion, Epsilon II still has the potential to yield significant information about its inhabitants; the Glenn Black Laboratory concluded that it could provide previously-unknown information about the diets, the lithic technology, and the chronology of its inhabitants. At least three other significant Late Archaic sites, called Axsom Branch, Kappa V, and Refuge #7, are known in the vicinity; at one time, it was hoped to designate them all a historic district because of the possibility that they together might yield information about relationships among the groups that inhabited them.
Recognition.
On March 25, 1986, the Epsilon II Archaeological Site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places, becoming the first archaeological site in Monroe County to receive this distinction. A similar status was accorded to Axsom Branch and Refuge #7 (both of which are in Brown County) on the same day, and Kappa V (also in Monroe County) was so designated just six days later. Both Brown County sites were delisted in September 1995, but the two Monroe County sites remain on the Register to the present day.

</doc>
<doc id="30962557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962557" title="Hocquet Caritat">
Hocquet Caritat

__NOTOC__
Louis Alexis Hocquet de Caritat was a French-born bookseller and publisher in New York in the late 18th and early 19th centuries. He operated a rental library and a reading room located in 1802 at "City-Hotel, Fenelon's Head, Broad-Way." He served as the "authorized distributor of Minerva Press books'" in the U. States. He stocked some 30,000 volumes including imported titles in English and French language, and occasionally non-print items such as "sparkling white champaign wine."
One of Caritat's contemporary admirers wrote in 1803:"I would place the bust of Caritat among those of the Sosii of Horace, and the Centryphon of Quintillian. He was my only friend at New-York, when the energies of my mind were depressed by the chilling prospect of poverty. His talents, were not meanly cultivated by letters; he could tell a good book from a bad one, which few modern librarians can do. But place aux dames was his maxim, and all the ladies of New-York declared that the library of Mr. Caritat was charming. Its shelves could scarcely sustain the weight of Female Frailty, the Posthumous Daughter, and the Cavern of Woe; they required the aid of the carpenter to support the burden of the Cottage-on-the-Moor, the House of Tynian, and the Castles of Athlin and Dunbayne; or they groaned under the multiplied editions of the "Devil in Love", "More Ghosts", and "Rinaldo Rinaldini". Novels were called for by the young and the old; from the tender virgin of thirteen, whose little heart went pit-a-pat at the approach of a beau; to the experienced matron of three score, who could not read without spectacles."

</doc>
<doc id="30962570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962570" title="James Leith Macbeth Bain">
James Leith Macbeth Bain

James Leith Macbeth Bain (1860–1925) was a Scottish hymn writer, religious minister and author who became known to his peers as Brother James. He is remembered for his religious publications, as well as the hymn tune "Brother James' Air".
Early life.
James Leith Bain was born at his parents' house on Inverness Road, Pitlochry within the Parish of Moulin, Perthshire on the 21st of November, 1860 to a John Bain (Colporteur) and a Margaret Leith. His parents had married on 1 November 1855 in Nairn Burgh, Nairnshire. James' siblings, also born in Pitlochry, were a John Jnr. (10 August 1856), Mary (9 October 1858), and Margaret ( 6 April 1863). John Bain Snr. had been born in Edinburgh Parish on 20 October 1826 to a John Bain (Shoemaker) and a Mary Campbell, while Margaret Leith had been born on 1 July 1833 at Boharm, Banffshire to an Isabella Leith. 
By 1871, James Leith Bain, aged 10 years, was a scholar living with his parents and siblings at 1 Oakfield Terrace, Pitlochry. However, in the 1881 Census he is shown to be a Student of Arts living in Jane Bow's Lodging House at 5 Glen Street, Edinburgh. 
According to a young friend of his youth in Oakfield Terrace, John Smeaton Smith (Vice-President of the Glasgow Orpheus Choir from 1926–51), James, before his student days in Edinburgh, had been a Pupil Teacher in a Pitlochry school, and thereafter had attended both the Edinburgh Free Church College and the Edinburgh Established Church College, with a view to becoming a Minister of Religion. He gained practical experience during this time by preaching in Argyllshire as well as Pitlochry and neighbouring Blair Athol.
Ministry.
James' ministry calling took him to Liverpool over the next decade, before going to London to work as a Spiritualist Minister. Indeed there is strong evidence that this is true as he married an Elizabeth Parker of Liverpool in Paddington in 1895. 
Smith recalls that it was rumoured in Pitlochry that James had been 'adopted' by a 'lady of means' and eventually had inherited her wealth, but whether that rich lady was his wife Elizabeth (Lillie), or a benefactress of his bachelor days, is not known. At any rate the 1901 Census for 77 Warwick Road, Paddington, London indicates that the married couple were able to afford a maid and a cook. 
Lillie died in 1909 in the Liverpool area, the place of her birth in 1881. James dedicated his first published work in 1909 ('The Christ of the Holy Grail') to her.
Smith also recalls the following 
He went to London, but occasionally visited Pitlochry. His career in London was not known there in Perthshire, except that he worked among the poor. He was a nature-lover, a wanderer among woods and hills, a shade eccentric perhaps, author of a number of books, mainly religious, and added Macbeth as another middle name for these publications. I can recall only two incidents involving James and myself ... Once when he was on his way to fish in the Tummel, he asked me to accompany him. He had not long started when his cast caught in a branch. He climbed the tree to dislodge the cast and, much to his annoyance, he accidentally broke the branch. I asked him why he was annoyed. ‘Man’, he said, ‘I’ve just lost a real good friend. Many a fine cast have I found on that self-same branch.' Later in life when I enquired of a lady who had lived next door to him in Oakfield Terrace as to whether she knew James to be musical, I was told that she did not think he played any instrument, but ‘he was aye hummin'." (Ibid.)
This last remark makes his composition of "Brother James' Air" a tune sung frequently with 'The Lord's my shepherd' and the less well known 'My Shepherd is the living God' which are both versions of (Psalm 23) all the more remarkable, but may explain the tune's beautiful simplicity.

</doc>
<doc id="30962573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962573" title="Guy Evéquoz">
Guy Evéquoz

Guy Evéquoz (born 20 April 1952) is a Swiss fencer. He won a silver medal in the team épée event at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30962576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962576" title="Mason–Stothers theorem">
Mason–Stothers theorem

The Mason–Stothers theorem, or simply Mason's theorem, is a mathematical theorem about polynomials, analogous to the abc conjecture for integers. It is named after W. Wilson Stothers, who published it in 1981, and R. C. Mason, who rediscovered it shortly thereafter.
The theorem states:

</doc>
<doc id="30962611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962611" title="François Suchanecki">
François Suchanecki

François Suchanecki (born 23 December 1949) is a Swiss fencer. He won a silver medal in the team épée event at the 1972 Summer Olympics and a bronze in the same event at the 1976 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30962622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962622" title="Wijhe railway station">
Wijhe railway station

Wijhe is a railway station located in Wijhe, Olst-Wijhe, The Netherlands. The station was opened on 1 October 1866 and is located on the Deventer - Zwolle section of the Arnhem–Leeuwarden railway. The train services are operated by Nederlandse Spoorwegen. The station was closed between 15 May 1936 and 1 June 1940.
Train services.
The following services currently call at Wijhe:

</doc>
<doc id="30962643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962643" title="Photographer (disambiguation)">
Photographer (disambiguation)

A photographer is a person who takes photographs using a camera.
Photographer(s) may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30962651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962651" title="FFSS">
FFSS

FFSS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30962652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962652" title="Abdul Masih (missionary)">
Abdul Masih (missionary)

Abdul Masih, (1776–1827) was an Indian indigenous missionary, an ordained Anglican and Lutheran minister, as well as a religious author. He is often referred to as the most influential indigenous Christian to shape nineteenth-century Christian missions in India.
Early years.
Abdul Masih was born under the name, Sheikh Salih, to a devout Muslim Family in the town of Delhi. Growing up, his father instructed him in both Persian and Arabic.
As a young man, he devoted his time to studying and teaching in Lucknow. While studying here, he became quite respected as a Muslim scholar.
Conversion and ordination.
While Abdul was teaching in Lucknow, he decided to visit Cawnpore where he befriended a British East India Company chaplain named Henry Martyn. Henry Martyn, who was the Chaplain of the station, would preach to the poor assembled before his door every Sunday afternoon to receive alms. Even though Abdul was a very wealthy man, he became interested in Henry's preaching and started attending these services. It's told that Abdul's first introduction to the truths of the Gospel was Martyn's preaching on the Ten Commandments. In response to Martyn's preaching, at the age of thirty-eight Abdul converted from Islam to Christianity. Abdul, quite quickly sought further opportunities to acquire further information on Christ and the Christian Scriptures. He began to study Martyn's Urdu translation of the New Testament as well as befriended two other company chaplains, David Brown and Daniel Corrie.
In 1811,on a Sunday, he was baptized in the Old Church, Calcutta, by David Brown and was given the name Abdul Masih. He spent years studying under Christian leaders, reading commentaries and scripture preparing himself for ministry. For the first eight years as a Christian he worked as a catechist for the Church Missionary Society in India. After these eight years, he was ordained by Lutheran Missionaries.
In December 1825 he reentered the Anglican Church and was the second ever ordained Indian minister under Bishop Heber of Calcutta.
Bishop Heber describes Abdul,
""He is a very fine old man, with a magnificent gray beard, and of much more gentlemanly manners than any Christian native whom I have seen. He is every way fit for Holy Orders, and is a most sincere Christian, quite free, so far as I could observe, from all conceit and enthusiasm. His long eastern dress, his long gray beard, and his calm resigned countenance, give him already, almost the air of an apostle.""
Influence in Indian missions.
Abdul's early ministry was very simple. He would travel to principal cities and regions and through his respectable character, his loving action and scholarly conversations, he introduced the subject of religion to Muslims of many social statuses. His travels caused much attention among the local communities as many would seek him out hoping to engage in conversation.
Abdul's literary contributions include commentaries on Matthew's gospel, Romans, and Hebrews. Abdul also kept quite extensive journals describing this religious struggles and philosophical ideas. These commentaries, as well as his journal, were quite sought after by many Christians in Northern India. Through these literary works, and his partnership with Daniel Corriein the years 1813-1814, about fifty Muslim adults were converted and baptized, including a few Muslims of very high stature.
Along with his conversation style ministry and literary contributions, Abdul has been described as the pioneer medical missionary of the Christian Missionary Society. He was not very well trained in medicine, however, using his own funds, he began to set up a dispensary in Agra. Because of this, he become known as the Christian doctor.
Death.
After returning home to take care of his ill mother, Abdul himself fell to ill heath. While he suffered for several years he would continually declared that death no longer had any sting because he was unfearfull of death due to the redemptive act of his Saviour.
Just before his death, he called out and requested to have the fourth chapter of John read to him. After the reading he concluded, "Thanks be to God!" He then requested the singing of his favorite hymn, which he composed.
As the Hymn was sung a second time, Abdul's illness caused him to become disorientated and quickly died on 4 March 1827 at the age of 51. A monument has been erected to his memory with an inscription in both Persian and English.
References.
Anderson, Gerald H., "Biographical Dictionary of Christian Missions," Wm. B. Eerdmans Publishing, 1999. pg 1
"Memoir and Obituary of Rev. Abdool Messeeh: A Converted Native and Church Missionary, who died at Lucknow, March 4, 1827, aged 55 years," "Missionary Register" 15 (October 1827): 451-453.
Kings, Graham, "Abdul Masih: Icon of Indian Indigeneity," online article accessed last on March 2, 2011 at - http://www.fulcrum-anglican.org.uk/?586
Sargent, John. "A Memoir of the Rev. Henry Maryn: Late fellow of St. John's College, Cambridge and Chaplain to the honorable East India Company," Perkin :and Marvin, 1892. pg 460-461

</doc>
<doc id="30962657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962657" title="Periodic table of shapes">
Periodic table of shapes

The periodic table of mathematical shapes is a concept thought up by Professor Alessio Corti, from the Department of Mathematics at Imperial College London. It aims to categorise all three-, four- and five-dimensional shapes into a single table, analogous to the periodic table of chemical elements. It is meant to hold the equations that describe each shape and, through this, mathematicians and other scientists expect to develop a better understanding of the shapes’ geometric properties and relations. 
It is estimated that 500 million shapes can be defined algebraically in four dimensions, and a few thousand more in the fifth. The project has already won the Philip Leverhulme Prize—worth £70,000—from the Leverhulme Trust.
See also.
Fano variety

</doc>
<doc id="30962664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962664" title="Sheridan School Petoskey">
Sheridan School Petoskey

The Sheridan Elementary School is a school in Petoskey, Michigan, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="30962676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962676" title="BMW Marine">
BMW Marine

BMW Marine GmbH was BMW's marine engine division. BMW's interest in marine engines dated back to 1913; they began making marine engines in 1919 after World War I.
Gasoline engines.
In the early 1970s, marinized versions of BMW's 2.0-litre, 4-cylinder gasoline engine were marketed as the Model 410 and 411. In 1977, BMW AG established a separate marine division, incorporated as BMW Marine GmbH. BMW Marine's head office and assembly plant were located in Verviers, Belgium.
BMW Marine continued to marinize BMW's production automobile engines. BMW's 2.0-litre, four-cylinder M10 engine became the B 130, and the M30 six-cylinder engines in 2.8 and 3.3-litre variations became the B 190 and B 220 models. Later, the larger 3.5-litre M30 with electronic ignition became the B 635. Model numbers related to the engine's horsepower.
Stern drives.
BMW Marine, in conjunction with ZF, designed and manufactured a new stern drive unit. These stern drives were marketed as the BMW Z-Drive. Uniquely, these stern drives utilized a multiple wet clutch system. These drives competed with Sweden's Volvo Penta and Mercury Marine's Mercruiser Division of Stillwater, Oklahoma.
Diesel engines.
To further compete with Volvo Penta, BMW added small diesel auxiliary sail boat engines, ranging from 7 to 50 horsepower, to the BMW Marine product lineup. The engines were based on four air-cooled diesel engines manufactured by Hatz, then marinized by BMW Marine. Hurth Marine transmissions and instrument panels were added, and the resulting marine systems were marketed as the D 7, D 12, D 35, and D 50 engines. The engines were among the first in the marketplace to offer balance shaft technology, which made for a smoother running engine. Later, BMW Marine modified the two larger models to reduce the corrosion damage caused by salt water cooling. The new models were renamed the D 35-2 and D 50-2. Many of these auxiliary engines found their way into both racing and cruising sail boats made by companies such as S2, Pearson, Jonmeri, and Hans Christian. Custom yacht builders, such as Lyman Morse in the USA, also installed BMW Marine engines in their boats.
BMW Marine conspicuously needed a large diesel, especially to compete in the European power boat market. The company sourced engines from VM Motori in Northern Italy. The VM HR.H 692 block became the basis for the next series of BMW Marine engines. Most gasoline and diesel internal combustion engines bolt the crankshaft onto the bottom of the crankcase. The Vm Motori engines were unusual, in that they incorporated the crankshaft inside the crankcase. This type of construction, often seen in racing car engines, is referred to as a "tunnel bore" block. It was also used in the Maybach MD870 diesel engine. 
BMW Marine designed and manufactured thousands of special marine parts for the VM tunnel bore blocks. These turbocharged engines became BMW Marine's D 150 W and D 150 Z models, outputting 150 HP. A 190 HP turbocharged and intercooled D 190 was also available. The D 150 and D190 diesel engines were sold with either a Hurth 360 transmission for inboard installation or the BMW Z-Drive for stern drive applications. The D190 was later re-engineered, and with a modified Mark II Z-Drive, was sold as the BMW D 636 Z. Following this, a five-cylinder 3.0-litre version of the 3.6-litre six was offered as the BMW D 530. In England, Fairline and Plancraft offered their products with BMW Power. In America, Ken Hopen's GlasPly plant in Washington state featured both BMW gasoline and diesel engines with BMW Z-Drives in his product line.
Sale to Mercury Marine.
With a downturn in the automotive market in 1987, and a lack of significant success in the recreational marine market, BMW decided to close the marine division. The Belgium plant and assets were sold to Mercury Marine of Fond du Lac, Wisconsin. BMW further signed a parts distribution agreement with Mercury to ensure the continued supply of parts to BMW Marine engine owners. Mercury continued production of the BMW five- and six-cylinder diesel engines. The BMW D 530 and D 636 became the Mercruiser 530 D-TA and 636 D-TA. Mercury later changed the designations to D183 and D219 TURBO AC. Mercury continued where BMW Marine had left off, improving on these VM based engines. In the early 1990s they offered a larger 4.2-litre diesel designated the D254 Turbo AC. The designation '254' related to the displacement of the engine in cubic inches. As of 2008, variations of the original 3.6-litre engines became the Mercruiser D4.2L/220 IDI six-cylinder diesel. Parts for BMW Marine engines continue to be available from Mercury Marine and their subsidiary, Marine Power, in Belgium. Some of the original 200 BMW Marine dealers worldwide continue to service and sell parts.

</doc>
<doc id="30962692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962692" title="People's Railroad">
People's Railroad

The People's Railroad was a street railway chartered in 1887 and opened for business in 1889 in Syracuse, New York. The total length of the line was with branches each . In 1896, the company merged into Syracuse Rapid Transit Railway.
History.
The People's Railroad was a street railway chartered April 22, 1887, and opened on July 1, 1889, in Syracuse, New York. On November 1, 1890, this company took a perpetual lease of the Central City Railway and the Syracuse and Onondaga Railway and those lines then merged into the People's Railroad Company. 
Operations.
By 1893, this rail had rolling stock consisting of 31 box cars, 38 open cars and 204 horse cars.
The company obtained their electric power from the firm that later became the Syracuse Lighting Company from their Fulton Street plant.
Financial.
During the year ending June 1893, the rail carried a total of 2,987,340 passengers. Gross earnings were $146,858 and operating expenses were $109,263 with net earnings of $37,595.
That same year, the company had capital stock outstanding of $1,000,000 with funded debt on first mortgage bonds due in 1921 of $736,000.
Company management.
In 1893, directors of the company were A. N. Palmer, F. W. Barker, W. R. Kimball, W. P. Gannon, all of Syracuse, New York, and Thomas Hunter, Charles H. Childs, F. J. Callanen, A. T. Goodwin, J. R. Swan, all of Utica, New York.
Officers of the company were president, Anson N. Palmer; secretary, Henry H. Durr of Utica; treasurer, F. W. Barker; superintendent, John H. Moffitt, both of Syracuse where the company general office was also located.
Syracuse Rapid Transit railway.
On May 21, 1896, the Syracuse Rapid Transit Railway, an interurban rail, was chartered as a consolidation of the Syracuse Street Railroad Company, the Syracuse Consolidated Street Railway Company and the People's Railroad Company which was formerly leased to the Syracuse Street Railroad Company.

</doc>
<doc id="30962704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962704" title="Leonid Sherwood">
Leonid Sherwood

Leonid Vladimirovich Sherwood ( (28 April 1871 - 28 August 1954) was a Russian sculptor. 
Sherwood was born in Moscow. He was of English descent, his grandfather Joseph Sherwood having been an English engineer who emigrated to Russia. His father was the architect Vladimir Osipovich Sherwood and his brother was the architect Vladimir Vladimirovich Sherwood. His surname is often transliterated as Shervud.
Leonid Shervud was responsible for the magnificent memorial to Admiral Stepan Makarov, killed at the battle of Tsushima during the Russo-Japanese war, erected in 1913 on Yakornaya Ploshchad ("Anchor Square") in front of the Naval Cathedral of St. Nicolas in Kronshtadt, the headquarters of the Russian Imperial Navy. Sherwood chose to use as the pedestal a 160-ton granite rock originally cut for a monument to Peter the Great in front of Kazan Cathedral, which sunk in transit to St. Petersburg. The bottom of the rock is engraved with the words: "Remember war". This was the personal motto of Stepan Makarov.
Sherwood was one of the first sculptors to be involved in monumental Soviet sculpture after the revolution and was responsible for many official busts and other monumental statues. He was also the architect of the Swallow's Nest, a decorative castle in the Crimea.
Sherwood was educated at the Moscow School of Painting, Sculpture and Architecture (1886-91) and the Imperial Academy of Arts, St Petersburg (1892-1898). He was a pupil of Vladimir Beklemishev. He was an exchange student in Paris in 1899-1900, where he became a pupil of Rodin. Returning to Russia, he lived in Petrograd and was employed by Vladimir Lenin for monumental sculpture. He taught sculpture at the Academy of Arts in Petrograd.
Sherwood was awarded the Order of the Red Banner of Labour and was made a Distinguished Artist of the RSFSR. He died in Leningrad, aged 83.

</doc>
<doc id="30962798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962798" title="Love Grown Foods">
Love Grown Foods

Love Grown Foods is a natural food company that manufactures a line of granola it advertises as all natural. The company was founded in January 2008 by Maddie D’Amato and Alex Hasulak after developing their product line in college. The company markets its products in grocery stores across Colorado and Wyoming
History.
Love Grown Foods was founded in Aspen, Colorado by Maddy D’Amato and Alex Hasulak. They met at the University of Denver, where they founded the company in January 2008. The two founders market Love Grown by spending time in stores that carry their products and educating customers on the benefits of their products. 
After one year, Love Grown granola was being sold in 80 super markets across Colorado and Wyoming. The couple cooks all of their products themselves in a commercial kitchen near their Stapleton neighborhood. The company has been noted for contributing to the revitalization the moribund economy of the Aspen region by the local newspaper, The Aspen times.
Founders.
The two founders met as freshman at the University of Denver. They were friends for years, and became romantically involved soon after graduating. They were roommates during their final year, and graduated in three years. As seniors, D’Amato (’08) and Hasulak (’08) asked University of Denver students for help in perfecting their homemade granola recipe. They did so by bringing samples of their product to campus for their classmates and teachers.
Advertising.
Love Grown Foods’ slogan is, ""It’s not just a company, it’s a lifestyle"".
To promote their products, D’Amato and Hasulak spend weekends in local supermarkets where they hand out samples of their product and espouse their company's corporate beliefs. Their stated corporate goal is for their company to provide an all-natural and healthy means of life for its customers. Additionally the company promotes its products heavily using various social media such as Twitter, Facebook and Linkedin; it also maintains a corporate blog on WordPress.
Products.
Love Grown Foods only has varieties of granola now, but it plans to add a line of energy bars and gels, and trail mixes. The products are promoted as gluten free, as they do not contain wheat or other related grains. The company has received favorable reviews for their products from the Examiner.com, The Aspen Times, The Denver Post and other media outlets.
In November 2009, Website Chowhound named Love Grown’s "Sweet Cranberry Pecan" flavor number one in a granola taste test that included well-known brands such as Ola! and Bear Naked. The company's "Cinnamon Apple Walnut" came in at number six in the survey.
Competition.
Love Grown Foods faces competition from other natural granola companies. Bear Naked is by far the largest competitor because of the national availability of Bear Naked products. Ola! Granola is similar to Love Grown, but is currently only in the North Eastern United States. Another Colorado based competitor is Udi’s granola. Udi’s Healthy Foods has a larger market share, spreading through parts of the Pacific States and Upper Midwest.

</doc>
<doc id="30962826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962826" title="Lefty Wolf">
Lefty Wolf

Walter Francis "Lefty" Wolf (June 10, 1900 – September 25, 1971) was a professional baseball pitcher. He appeared in eight games in Major League Baseball in 1921 with the Philadelphia Athletics.

</doc>
<doc id="30962850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962850" title="Laura Brent">
Laura Brent

Laura Brent is an Australian actress, best known for her role as Lilliandil in "".
Biography.
Born in Melbourne, Brent attended the National Institute of Dramatic Art, where she trained as an actress and a singer and graduated in 2007. She made her first screen appearance in the 2009 short film "Message from the CEO" and went onto making guest appearances on the Australian television series "Chandon Pictures", "Legend of the Seeker" and '. In 2010, she rose to international fame when she made her feature film debut as Lilliandil in the third installment of "The Chronicles of Narnia film series", '.

</doc>
<doc id="30962862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962862" title="Stereotomy (Descriptive Geometry)">
Stereotomy (Descriptive Geometry)

Stereotomy (Greek: Στερεός "solid" et Τομή "cut ") is the set of geometrical knowledge and techniques of drawing and cutting the blocks of stone and their assembly into complex structures (wall, vault, arch, etc..) related to architectural construction. Stereotomy represents the alternative to building techniques based on the use of small pieces of stone or brick, which make up the complex geometry structures and sometimes due to its small size and joints.

</doc>
<doc id="30962869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962869" title="Angelicin">
Angelicin

Angelicin is a furanocoumarin. It can be found in "Bituminaria bituminosa".

</doc>
<doc id="30962873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962873" title="Robin Zander (album)">
Robin Zander (album)

Robin Zander is the first solo album from Cheap Trick's lead singer Robin Zander. The album was released in 1993 and wasn't commercially successful however critical response was positive. Allmusic stated "it's fifty minutes of well-crafted rock delivered by one of the most-gifted vocalists and frontmen in rock history." The album contains mostly original tracks with a few covers.
Background.
"I've Always Got You" was released as a single and peaked at #13 on the Mainstream Rock Charts. The single also peaked at #64 in Canada for a total of four weeks. "Show Me Heaven" was also released as a promotional single, the second and final single release from the album.
The track "Emily" was written with David A. Stewart (of the Eurythmics) and featured Cheap Trick bassist Tom Petersson on bass guitar. "Secret" was written with the songwriting team Billy Steinberg and Tom Kelly along with Rick Nielsen, lead guitarist of Cheap Trick. "Time Will Let You Know" was recorded live for Cheap Trick's album Silver. Holland Zander, Robin Zander's daughter and former lead singer of The Snaggs, made a guest appearance to sing a duet version of the track.
The song "Walkin' Shoes" was re-recorded for Zander's solo album "Countryside Blvd.". This album was due for release in 2010 but has been held back, remaining unreleased to date, although various download sites did legally offer the album but only for a few hours before the album was removed and made unavailable again.
For the German version of the "I've Always Got You" single, an extra non-album track was added, titled "Stone Cold Rhythm Shake", written and originally performed by singer/songwriter Robert Vaughan on his 1991 album "Songs from the Riverhouse". The track was added as a bonus track to the Japanese version of the "Robin Zander" album.

</doc>
<doc id="30962887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962887" title="Goz">
Goz

Goz or GOZ may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30962889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962889" title="Joseph Lawson Hodges, Jr.">
Joseph Lawson Hodges, Jr.

Joseph Lawson Hodges, Jr. (April 10, 1922 – March 1, 2000) was a statistician. He obtained a Ph.D. in 1949 at the University of California, Berkeley, and joined the statistics faculty there.
Born in 1922 in Shreveport, Louisiana, Hodges grew up in Phoenix, Arizona. He received his B.A. from the University of California in 1942. In the summer of 1944 he joined an Operations analysis group and after some training served in that capacity (together with his fellow budding statisticians Erich Lehmann and George Nicholson) with the 20th Air force in Guam. After the war he continued this work for another year in Washington, D.C. There he met Theodora Jane Long, and they married in 1947. He then joined the new statistics program at Berkeley and remained there for the rest of his career.
Hodges is best known for his contributions to the field of statistics, including the Hodges-Lehmann estimator and Hodges’ estimator.

</doc>
<doc id="30962894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962894" title="Ian McCall (fighter)">
Ian McCall (fighter)

Ian Gregory McCall (born May 7, 1984) is an American mixed martial artist who competes in the Flyweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship. A professional MMA competitor since 2002, McCall has fought for World Extreme Cagefighting and Tachi Palace Fights. He is a former TPF Flyweight Champion. As of January 17, 2014, he is #3 in official UFC flyweight rankings and ranked #4 in the world by Sherdog.
Background.
McCall was born in Costa Mesa, California and has an older brother, Brad. McCall got into many "fights" growing up and in his youth, he practiced karate and Kung Fu. He competed in wrestling for Dana Hills High School where he was a standout and then continued later at Cuesta College, before dropping out to a knee injury.
Mixed martial arts career.
World Extreme Cagefighting.
In his WEC tenure, McCall defeated Coty Wheeler and lost to Charlie Valencia in 2007. McCall returned in 2009, but lost to Dominick Cruz.
Tachi Palace Fights.
In February, McCall signed a deal with the California-based promotion, Tachi Palace Fights. Ian's first fight was against Jussier Formiga, who at the time was ranked as the #1 Flyweight in the world. McCall upset Formiga with a unanimous decision victory.
On May 6, 2011, McCall then defeated previously unbeaten prospect Dustin Ortiz at , setting up an August 5, 2011 championship bout with the TPF Flyweight Champion Darrell Montague at . He won the title by submitting Montague in round 3 with a rear naked choke.
Ultimate Fighting Championship.
McCall signed with the UFC in December 2011 to compete in a four man Flyweight Tournament to determine the inaugural UFC Flyweight Champion. He faced Demetrious Johnson in the opening round of the tournament on March 3, 2012 at . Johnson was initially thought to have defeated McCall by majority decision, though was later revealed that a had taken place and a majority draw was the correct result. This fight was the first flyweight bout in UFC history.
A rematch with Johnson took place on June 8, 2012 at to determine who would meet Joseph Benavidez in the finals of the flyweight tournament. McCall lost the bout via unanimous decision.
McCall was briefly linked to a bout with promotional newcomer John Moraga on August 4, 2012 at . However, McCall was forced out of the bout with an issue with police and replaced by Ulysses Gomez.
McCall next faced Joseph Benavidez on February 2, 2013 at UFC 156. He lost the fight via unanimous decision.
McCall faced Iliarde Santos on August 3, 2013 at UFC 163. He won the fight via unanimous decision, earning his first UFC win. The fight also earned him his second "Fight of the Night" bonus award.
McCall was slated to face Scott Jorgensen on December 14, 2013 at UFC on Fox 9, but was ruled out of the bout due to injury. 
McCall was expected to face Brad Pickett on March 8th at in London, England. However, on 13 February, it was announced that McCall had pulled out of the bout due to injury and was replaced by promotional newcomer Neil Seery.
The rescheduled bout with Pickett is expected to take place on July 19, 2014 at UFC Fight Night 46.
Personal life.
McCall has a wife and a daughter.
On July 23, 2013, McCall announced via Twitter that he had caught Rob Emerson engaging in sexual activities with his wife.
In a 2012 interview with Ariel Helwani, McCall stated that during a hiatus after his last fight in the WEC he overdosed on a combination of oxycodone, GHB, Xanax and other tranquilizers. He awoke two days later in a hospital and later found out his breathing and heartbeat had both stopped. He was revived and recovered to full health within a matter of weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="30962895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962895" title="Edinburg High School">
Edinburg High School

Edinburg High School may refer to one of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="30962900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962900" title="Drangedal IL">
Drangedal IL

Drangedal Idrettslag is a Norwegian sports club from Drangedal, Telemark. It has sections for association football, team handball, Nordic skiing and gymnastics.
It was founded under the name "Drang" in 1907. In 1945 it changed its name as it incorporated the workers' sports club "Drangedal AIL". In 1953 it lacked a sections for gymnastics, but had a section for track and field.
The men's football team played in the Third Division, the fourth tier of Norwegian football from 1994 to 1995 and 2002 to 2004. The men's team now plays in the Fifth Division and the women's team in the Third Division. Kjell Roar Kaasa has played for the club.

</doc>
<doc id="30962927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962927" title="Astral Apartments">
Astral Apartments

The Astral Apartments is a historic apartment building located in Greenpoint, Brooklyn, New York, New York.
The Astral was built in 1885–1886 as affordable housing for employees of Charles Pratt's Astral Oil Works. It is a massive brick and terra cotta building in the Queen Anne style. It features a central projecting section with a deep, three story high round arch recess. The roof features inward-looking decorative gargoyles.
The building was designed to echo red-brick apartments built for workers by George Peabody in London. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 and designated a City Landmark in 1983.
In popular culture.
The building is the fictional setting for Kate Christensen's 2011 novel "The Astral".

</doc>
<doc id="30962933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962933" title="Sooner or Later (Jeff Lynne song)">
Sooner or Later (Jeff Lynne song)

"Sooner Or Later" is a song recorded by Jeff Lynne, as the B-side of the single "Video!". It was recorded with his keyboardist Richard Tandy.
Track listing.
All songs written and composed by Jeff Lynne.

</doc>
<doc id="30962936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962936" title="Maurice D. G. Scott">
Maurice D. G. Scott

Captain Maurice Douglas Guest Scott was a British World War I flying ace credited with 12 official victories while a member of the Royal Flying Corps. He scored as both an aerial observer and a pilot; he was successful while serving with three different squadrons.
Early life.
Scott's origins are murky. He was born in either Exeter or Dorset during the late autumn of 1895; one source gives 13 November. However, he seems to have been raised in Felixstowe.
World War I service.
After service in the infantry early in World War I, Scott transferred to aviation in February 1916. He began as an observer in 18 Squadron's Vickers Gunbuses. On 3 April 1916, he was credited with capturing a German two-seater reconnaissance craft at Souchez.
He would subsequently train as a pilot, being appointed as a Flying Officer on 21 May 1916, and being posted to 54 Squadron to fly Sopwith Pups. At the start of Bloody April 1917, on the 5th, he teamed with Frank Hudson, Reginald Charley, and another pilot to destroy a German observation balloon. On 9 May 1917, he destroyed another enemy two-seater. Two days later, Scott was part of a patrol that included William Strugnell, Oliver Sutton, and three other squadronmates. They caught up with a German recon plane and destroyed it, for a victory apiece. On 1 June, Scott and Sutton drove an Albatros D.III fighter down out of control over Honnecourt, and Scott became an ace.
He subsequently transferred to 46 Squadron and was appointed Flight Commander, along with a promotion to temporary captain, on 21 June 1917. He began a string of seven wins on 4 September 1917 by teaming with four squadronmates to drive down an Albatros two-seater south of Scarpe. He would tally six more wins that month, destroying a DFW recon craft, and driving down two Albatros D.Vs and two German reconnaissance planes. On 8 October 1917, he was relieved from combat duty to return to Home Establishment.
Maurice Douglas Guest Scott died in an airplane accident on 17 March 1918. He was awarded the Military Cross the following day.
Honors and awards.
Citation for award of the Military Cross
Lt. (T./Capt.) Maurice Douglas Guest Scott, N. Lan. R., Spec. Res., and R.F.C.
For conspicuous gallantry and devotion to
duty in aerial combats. On one occasion his
patrol encountered seven enemy machines,
two of which he drove down out of control.
He has destroyed eleven enemy aeroplanes,
and proved himself a very dashing patrol
leader.

</doc>
<doc id="30962941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962941" title="Charles Macfie Campbell">
Charles Macfie Campbell

Charles Macfie Campbell was a psychiatrist in the United States in the early 20th century.
Early life.
Campbell was born in Scotland in 1876 and died in Cambridge, MA, on 7 August 1943. He received his medical degree from Edinburgh in 1902, earning both an M.B. and a Ch.B., after which he sought postgraduate training in France and then Germany, where he trained in Heidelberg under German psychiatrist Emil Kraepelin (1856–1926).
Career.
He returned to Scotland in 1903 and served under the psychiatrist Alexander Bruce at the Royal Edinburgh Infirmary. In 1904 he was invited by Adolf Meyer (1866–1950)to join the staff of the Pathological Institute of the New York State Hospitals, which was based at the Manhattan State Hospital on Wards Island in New York City.
Macfie Campbell spent 1907 back in Scotland as an assistant physician at the Royal Edinburgh Asylum but returned to New York to work again under Meyer at the (renamed) New York Psychiatric Institute in 1908. During the next few years Macfie Campbell would not only adopt Meyer's "dynamic" psychogenic perspective on mental disorders but would also be instrumental in introducing Freudian psychoanalytic ideas into American psychiatry with like-minded colleagues at the Manhattan State Hospital.
When Meyer left the Institute in 1910 for a professorship at Johns Hopkins University and to plan for the new Henry C. Phipps Psychiatric Clinic (opened in April 1913), Macfie Campbell also left to work at the Bloomingdale Hospital in White Plains, New York. In 1911 he earned his Doctor of Medicine degree from Edinburgh after completing a dissertation on general paralysis of the insane (later known as neurosyphilis).
In 1913 he rejoined Adolf Meyer in Baltimore to serve as associate director of the newly opened Phipps clinic. He was also appointed a faculty position as assistant professor of psychiatry at Johns Hopkins Medical School. In 1920 he moved to Massachusetts to become the new director of the Boston Psychopathic Hospital and to assume the position of chair of the department of psychiatry at Harvard Medical School, where he remained until his death.
Macfie Campbell is not remembered for any single intellectual, medical or scientific contribution. He published very little. He spent his career promoting the "dynamic psychology" or "psychobiology" of his mentor, Adolf Meyer. Like Meyer, Macfie Campbell believed in the psychogenesis of mental disorders, denied the notion of biological disease concepts for dementia praecox, schizophrenia and manic depression, and insisted that extensive case histories of individuals was a more useful method in psychiatry than normative or generalizing experimental or statistical methods which do not consider the uniqueness of every patient.

</doc>
<doc id="30962946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962946" title="Arthur Farquhar (1772–1843)">
Arthur Farquhar (1772–1843)

Sir Arthur Farquhar KCH, CB, RSO (1772 – 2 October 1843) was an officer of the Royal Navy. He served during the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars
Farquhar was a younger son of Robert Farquhar of Newhall, Kincardineshire. He entered the navy in 1787 on board , and, after serving in several other ships, mostly on the home station, and having passed his examination, entered on board an East India Company's ship. He had scarcely, however, arrived in India when news of the outbreak of the French Revolutionary Wars led him to enter on board the sloop , whence he was removed to the flagship, and in April 1798 was promoted to be lieutenant. On his return to England as first lieutenant of , he was employed in various ships on the home, Mediterranean, Baltic, and North Sea stations, until promoted to be commander on 29 April 1802.
In January 1804 he was appointed to the bomb vessel , and on 4 February 1805 being, in company with the sloop , in charge of convoy, was captured by two large French frigates, "Incorruptible" and "Hortense", after a defence that was rightly pronounced by the court-martial (28 March 1805) to be ‘highly meritorious and deserving imitation’. Farquhar was most honourably acquitted, and the president of the court, Sir Richard Bickerton, as he returned his sword, expressed a hope that he might soon be called on to serve in a ship in which he might meet his captor on more equal terms: ‘the result of the contest,’ he added, ‘may be more lucrative to you, but it cannot be more honourable.’ A few days later, 8 April, Farquhar was advanced to post-rank; he afterwards was presented with a sword, value 100l., by the Patriotic Fund, and by the merchants of Malta with a piece of plate and complimentary letter, 19 September 1808. From 1806 to 1809 he commanded the 20-gun in the Baltic and North Sea, during which time he captured several privateers, French and Danish. From 1809 to 1814 he commanded the frigate in the North Sea, captured many privateers, gunboats, and armed vessels, and was senior naval officer in the operations in the Weser, the Ems, and the Elbe in 1813, culminating in the capture of Glückstadt on 5 January 1814. For these important services Farquhar was made a knight of the Sword of Sweden, and also of the Royal Guelphic Order. In 1815 he was made a Companion of the Bath, and in September 1817 received the freedom of Aberdeen. From May 1814 to April 1816 he commanded the 40-gun at the Cape of Good Hope, and from 1830 to 1833 in the West Indies, with a broad pennant, and for his services there during the Baptist War, received a vote of thanks from the House of Assembly of Jamaica, a sword valued at 150l., and a piece of plate from the merchants.
On his return home he was knighted, and was made a Knight Commander of the Royal Guelphic Order in 1832. He became a rear-admiral in 1837, and died at his residence in Aberdeenshire on 2 October 1843.

</doc>
<doc id="30962952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962952" title="The Frontier Boys">
The Frontier Boys

The Frontier Boys is a 2011 independent action drama feature film written and directed by John Grooters, with appearances by Contemporary Christian music artist Rebecca St. James and country music singer Big Kenny.
Plot.
Four high-school friends in a small Michigan town find their basketball season disrupted when a drug dealer moves to town. Brent Fencett (Timothy Lofing) becomes a witness to the drive-by shooting of T.J. Lewis (Taylor DeRoo), the high school's basketball star. As witness, Brent must decide whether or not to give up his own brother to the police or protect him from the consequences. Meanwhile, Brent's good friend Jed Bracken (Jedidiah Grooters) attempts to uncover the truth behind the shooting - not realizing that his best friend has all the answers.
Production.
The film was based upon a novel written by John Grooters and post-production was done entirely in Holland, Michigan by his Michigan-based company Grooters Productions. Filming began in February 2010 with the use of local talent, and many scenes were shot in the producer's home town of Charlevoix, Michigan, with one historic home specifically razed by fire for an action sequence in the film. The film premiered on February 18, 2011, in Grand Rapids at "Celebration! Cinema North".
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack contains music from popular musicians Switchfoot, Rebecca St. James, Big Kenny, and Superchick.
Distribution.
The film debuted at the Michigan Film Festival in November 2010 and began limited theater release in February 2011. The film is being distributed by Ferocious Films as their first feature film release.
Reception.
In a review of the film, The Dove Foundation in describing the temptations available to high school students, called it a "powerful drama" and a "compelling story".
"The Frontier" Boys won the People's Choice Award at the Sabaoth International Film Festival in March 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="30962954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962954" title="Kolář">
Kolář

Kolář is a Czech surname. Feminin surname suffix is -ová (Kolářová). It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30962961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962961" title="Mark David Hall">
Mark David Hall

Mark David Hall is Herbert Hoover Distinguished Professor of Politics at George Fox University, and the author of a number of books on religion and politics in American life. The majority of his research has been in religion in the American founding era. He is also the current President of Christians in Political Science.
Vocational History.
In 1988, Hall received a BA in Political Science from Wheaton College (IL) and in 1993 received his PhD in government from University of Virginia. Prior to his 2001 hiring at George Fox University, he taught from 1993-2001 at East Central University, first as an Assistant and then an Associate Professor. He has served as Herbert Hoover Distinguished Professor of Politics at George Fox since 2005. His primary teaching fields are political theory, constitutional law, and religion and politics in America.
Scholarship.
Hall’s scholarly work is focused on issues of religion in the American founding era. In particular, his writing is often concerned with dispelling misconceptions that the Founders were deists who desired the strict separation of church and state. Instead, he argues that there are good reasons to believe many Founders were influenced by orthodox Christianity and that virtually none of them favored anything approximating a contemporary understanding of the separation of church and state. See, for instance, his 2010 lecture at the Heritage Foundation that was covered by C-Span. Hall demonstrates that these distortions are of more than scholarly interest, arguing that they have had a profound impact how the Supreme Court has interpreted the religion clauses of the First Amendment. As part of this project, Hall has co-edited with Daniel L. Dreisbach several books exploring the views of America’s “forgotten founders,” including "The Forgotten Founders on Religion and Public Life", "The Founders on God and Government", and "The Sacred Rights of Conscience: Selected Readings on Religious Liberty and Church State Relations in the American Founding".
He has also authored a book on James Wilson's political philosophy, as well as co-edited a major scholarly compilation of Wilson’s work, "The Collected Works of James Wilson". In the same vein, he is the author of a book manuscript entitled "The Old Puritan and a New Nation: Roger Sherman and the Creation of the American Republic."
Notable Publications.
"Roger Sherman and the Creation of the American Republic". New York: Oxford University Press, 2013.
"America's Forgotten Founders". Second edition. With Gary L. Gregg II. Wilmington, DE: ISI Books, 2012.
"The Sacred Rights of Conscience: Selected Readings on Religious Liberty and Church-State Relations in the American Founding". Edited with Daniel L. Dreisbach. Indianapolis: Liberty Fund Press, 2009.
"The Forgotten Founders on Religion and Public Life". Edited with Daniel L. Dreisbach and Jeffry H. Morrison. Notre Dame: University of Notre Dame Press, 2009.
"Collected Works of James Wilson", 2 vols. Edited with Kermit L. Hall. Indianapolis: Liberty Fund Press, 2007.
"The Political and Legal Philosophy of James Wilson, 1742-1798". Columbia: The University of Missouri Press, 1997.
“Beyond Self-Interest: The Political Theory and Practice of Evangelical Women in Antebellum America.” "Journal of Church and State" 44 (Summer 2002): 477-99.
“Jeffersonian Walls and Madisonian Lines: The Supreme Court’s Use of History in Religion Clause Cases.” "Oregon Law Review" 85 (2006), 563-614

</doc>
<doc id="30962997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962997" title="Complete History Volume Two">
Complete History Volume Two

Complete History Volume Two is a compilation album by the Washington, D.C. hardcore punk band Government Issue, compiling the band's recordings from 1987 to 1989. It was released January 22, 2002 through Dr. Strange Records as a sequel to 2000's "Complete History Volume One". Together, the two "Complete History" albums collect nearly all of the band's recorded output. While "Volume One" included contributions from a number of musicians—as singer John Stabb and drummer Marc Alberstad were the band's only constant members from 1980 to 1986—"Volume Two" is entirely composed of recordings by the band's final lineup of Stabb, guitarist Tom Lyle, bass guitarist J. Robbins, and drummer Peter Moffett.
Reception.
Jack Rabid of Allmusic gave "Complete History Volume Two" three stars out of five, calling it "a rare case where a Volume Two is the far superior" and attributing the addition of Robbins and Moffett with completing Government Issue's evolution from "an inferior hardcore-thrash band" to something more unique. He cited "You" as the turning point, calling it "a quantum leap in hefty, precise, pure power" and stating that "and Moffett's added harmonies (especially), superb playing, chops, and dexterity fit perfect with Stabb and guitarist Tom Lyle's clear plan to cut all ties with lame hardcore cretins — while maintaining the big-guitar edge and bomb-running melodies of their punk roots." He noted elements of psychedelic rock in the music and hints of The Damned in Stabb's singing, and remarked that the addition of "Crash" and the second disc of live recordings "makes ["Volume Two"] an even more rock-solid pick-up."
Track listing.
All songs written and composed by Government Issue.

</doc>
<doc id="30962999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30962999" title="Seljord IL">
Seljord IL

Seljord Idrettslag is a Norwegian sports club from Seljord, Telemark. It has sections for association football, team handball, Nordic skiing and equestrianism.
It was founded in 1880, and is thus among the oldest sports clubs in Norway. In 1953 it lacked a section for equestrianism, but had a section for track and field.
The men's football team played in the Third Division, the fourth tier of Norwegian football, from 1999 to 2004. The men's team played in the Fifth Division in 2010, but pulled the team mid-season. From 2013 the team plays in the Sixth Division.

</doc>
<doc id="30963005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963005" title="TSX Venture 50">
TSX Venture 50

The TSX Venture 50 is a yearly ranking done by the TMX Group of 50 upcoming companies on the TSX Venture Exchange. 
The list is chosen annually by assigning equal weighting assigned to share price appreciation, trading volume, market capitalization growth and analyst coverage.
2013 TSX Venture 50.
Released February 13, 2013.
The top performing companies from each industry sector are:
2013 TSX Venture 50 - Full List
2012 TSX Venture 50.
Released February 15, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="30963015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963015" title="Nicky Riley">
Nicky Riley

Nicky Riley (born 10 May 1986) is a professional Scottish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Dundee. Riley was signed by manager Gordon Chisholm in 2010. He had spent two weeks on trial with the club and managed to convince Chisholm to hand him a contract.
Riley progressed through the Brazilian Soccer School in Edinburgh and earned a contract with Celtic. He made a number of appearances for the under-21 team and impressed manager Martin O'Neill.
During the summer of 2006 while Gordon Strachan was manager, Riley joined the first team on their pre season of Poland. The trip saw him start up front alongside Kenny Miller and Aiden McGeady during a 1–0 defeat to Legia Warsaw. He also featured in testimonials against both Coventry City and Partick Thistle.
Injury halted Riley's progress with the club and he left in January 2010. He quickly joined Hamilton Academical at first to train and soon after on a short term deal until the end of the season.
In the summer Riley left to join Dundee for pre season training. Two weeks later he signed a six month contract with the club and a day later made his début in the pre season friendly against Arbroath.
In 2010, Riley was one of the players kept when Dundee went into administration and signed for another year through to the 2011–2012 season.
Riley was voted by his fellow professionals in the division team of the year season 2011-2012 and also won the league player of the month in November 2012.
With Riley's pace and skill he has proven to be one of the best wide midfield players in the league for the past four seasons.
Riley was offered another contract for the 2012-2013 season which he signed, he rejected several other SPL and English clubs to stay with Dundee.
Wing King.
On the 26th of November 2011 Dundee played Falkirk in a First Division clash at Dens Park, Dundee, This game is widely considered by Dundee supporters as Riley's best game to date in a Dundee shirt. Even though Riley did not score in the game, His individual performance made a difference with his fast moving and close ball ability he helped Dundee to propel to victory over the Bairns. With his size and abilities he made life difficult for Falkirk's Left Back, Stephen Kingsley and Left Midfielder, Ryan Millar. With Millar struggling, Bairns Manager, Steven Pressley substituted him right before the start of the 2nd half closely followed by 16 year old, Kingsley in the 63 minute. The game finished 4-2 in Dundee's favor with goals coming from Gavin Rae, Steven Milne and a brace from Jake Hyde and Falkirk goals coming from a Dee Captain Rhys Weston own goal and Jay Fulton.

</doc>
<doc id="30963044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963044" title="Renaissance Apartments">
Renaissance Apartments

Renaissance Apartments is a historic apartment building located at Hancock Street and Nostrand Avenue in Bedford-Stuyvesant, Brooklyn, New York, New York. It was built in 1892 and is a five story masonry building in the French Renaissance style. It features elaborately decorated principal facades and prominent circular corner towers with slate covered conical roofs. It has steeply sloped slate mansard roofs with terra cotta ridge caps and gabled roof dormers.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="30963078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963078" title="Primero soy mexicano">
Primero soy mexicano

Primero soy mexicano ("First I am Mexican") is a 1950 Mexican drama-comedy film starring Joaquín Pardavé (who also wrote and directed the film), Luis Aguilar, and Flor Silvestre.
Synopsis.
Old hacendado don Ambrosio awaits the return of his son Rafael after ten years of studying medicine in the U.S. Although illiterate, Ambrosio is taught reading and writing by his orphaned goddaughter Lupe. When Rafael arrives, he seems to forget to be "mexicano" ("Mexican") and is ashamed of his Mexican roots as he refuses to be served "mole" and rather asks for ham and eggs. He is suddenly attracted by Lupe, his father's goddaughter and seduces her. Ambrosio learned that she is pregnant, unbeknownst to Rafael. When Rafael plans to marry Sarita, a high-class lady, Ambrosio and Lupe head to Mexico City to reveal the truth and to prevent Rafael from marrying. He is eventually not married, but Fabián (Ambrosio's foreman) is in love with Lupe and is willing to marry her even though the child is Rafael. In the end, Rafael recuperates his Mexicaness and then proposes marriage to Lupe, and Ambrosio rests at last.
Production.
The film marks singer Flor Silvestre's first starring role, after having appeared in "Te besaré en la boca" (1950) in a small role. "Primero soy mexicano" also appears to have been Francisco "Charro" Avitia's first incursion in Mexican cinema. The film was thirteenth film Pardavé directed, it was filmed with a Mitchell Camera.

</doc>
<doc id="30963083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963083" title="Hopewell Dental Care">
Hopewell Dental Care

Hopewell Dental Care is a dental services provider in Heath, Ohio and was founded by a group of Licking County dentists. Hopewell Dental Care is a frequent contributor to Oral Care and Health Daily, a dental health site developed by Crest Pro-Health.
Services.
Hopewell Dental Care offers general and cosmetic dentistry services, including implant dentistry, conscious sedation, tooth-colored fillings, tooth whitening, Invisalign and more. Traditional services offered include bridges, crowns, dentures, fillings, oral hygiene, periodontology, root canals, veneers and wisdom tooth removal.
Community.
Throughout the year, Hopewell Dental Care supports various non-profit causes in Licking County, Ohio. Community involvement includes annual campaigns such as Treats for Troops and Share a Smile.
Staff.
The dentists and staff at Hopewell Dental Care are all graduates of The Ohio State University.

</doc>
<doc id="30963121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963121" title="The Good Fight for Harmony">
The Good Fight for Harmony

The Good Fight For Harmony is the debut album by the Australian post-hardcore band Eleventh He Reaches London. The album was initially released independently by the band in December 2005; it was then re-released in August 2008 by Good Cop Bad Cop Records. The album was subsequently re-released by Hobbledehoy Records in June 2012.
Track listing.
All songs written by Eleventh He Reaches London.

</doc>
<doc id="30963134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963134" title="St Michel United FC">
St Michel United FC

Saint Michel United Football Club are a Seychelles based football club, they play in the Seychelles First Division. The club have been crowned champions of Seychelles on nine occasions.

</doc>
<doc id="30963140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963140" title="Principe Valiente">
Principe Valiente

Principe Valiente is a Swedish band based in Stockholm. Their sound may partly be the result of a variety of elements inspired by the minimalism of certain post-punk acts and the lushness of shoegazing, but their music has frequently been labelled "dark pop".
The trio consists of Fernando Honorato (vocals, bass), Jimmy Ottosson (guitar), Rebecka Johansson (keyboards) and Joakim Janthe (drums). In 2007 they released an eponymous EP that got played on the radio and by DJs around Europe. It also received good reviews in North America.
The debut album "Principe Valiente" was released in February 2011 via Paris Music and distributed by Cosmos Music Group.
The music video for the first single "The Night" has been rotating on German national television where it also topped the Pop10 video chart week 47 and 49 in 2010.
2013 was a busy year for Principe Valiente when they toured extensively throughout Europe and played at the WGT, the world's largest goth-music festival. On 21 May 2013, they opened for Peter Murphy, best known as vocalist in the legendary band Bauhaus, at Debaser Medis in Stockholm. In parallel, they recorded their second album. 
Principe Valiente release their second album "Choirs of Blessed Youth" 6 June 2014. It was recorded in Stockholm in three different studios: Sound Trade, The Boiler Room and Killian Studios. The band collaborated with British producer Ed Buller, who mixed the singles "Take Me With You" and "She Never Returned".

</doc>
<doc id="30963141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963141" title="Nieuw Rotterdam">
Nieuw Rotterdam

Nieuw Rotterdam is the ancient capital of the Nickerie District in Suriname, built on the right bank of the Nickerie River. Around 1875, this town got flooded by the sea. In 1879, on the left bank of the Nickerie River, the current capital Nieuw Nickerie was built, and Nieuw Rotterdam was lifted on 8 August to commemorate a century later in 1979.
The settlement came around 1820, and peaked in the 60s of the 19th century. The town laid on the right bank of the mouth of the river Nickerie, on a narrow strip of land between the river and the Atlantic Ocean at a point called Cordonspunt.
The town was largely populated by traders who trade proficient with the neighboring Guyana, and was called "Eldorado of the smugglers". Nieuw Rotterdam was built in two perpendicular streets, including the Kerkstraat, which ran from south to north and ended with the tower of the church. The council also had several houses, a fortified military post and barracks.
The first storm came in 1866, and in 1875 there was another, which marks the end of Nieuw Rotterdam.

</doc>
<doc id="30963177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963177" title="Water polo at the 2004 Summer Olympics – Men's tournament">
Water polo at the 2004 Summer Olympics – Men's tournament

The men's tournament of water polo at the 2004 Summer Olympics at Athens, Greece, began on August 13 and lasted until August 29, 2004.
Preliminary round.
All times are EET (UTC)

</doc>
<doc id="30963180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963180" title="Leslie Corrie">
Leslie Corrie

Leslie Gordon Corrie (1859–1918) was an architect and the mayor of Brisbane, Queensland from 1902 to 1903. A number of his architectural works are now heritage-listed.
Early life.
Leslie Gordon Corrie was born in Hobart, Tasmania in 1859, the son of James Afleck Corrie of Kirkcudbright and Mary Campbell of Edinburgh.
He worked as an architect, first in Hobart and then in Launceston. In 1886, he moved to Brisbane. From 1888 to 1892, he was in partnership with his former employer, Henry Hunter trading as "Hunter and Corrie". From 1898 to 1905, he was in partnership with G.H.M. Addison as "Addison and Corrie". At other times he had a solo practice. He
He was a founding member of the Queensland Institute of Architects in 1887, and was the vice president of the Institute in 1901.
On 25 March 1899, Corrie married Christina Jane Macpherson at St Thomas' Church, Enfield, Sydney.
Politics.
Corrie served as an alderman on the Brisbane Municipal Council from 1901 to 1905 and was mayor in 1902 and 1903. During that time, he served on the following committees:
Later life.
Corrie was interested in horticulture. He was a fellow of the Linneas Society. He was a president of the Queensland Acclimatisation Society. He was involved in introducing and trialling many fruits and plants into Queensland. He is credited with the introduction of the custard apple.
Corrie died in Brisbane on 2 August 1918. He was buried in Toowong Cemetery on 3 August 1918.
Works.
Working as Hunter and Corrie, his works included:
Working independently, his works included:
Working as Addison and Corrie, his works included:
Working independently again, his works included:

</doc>
<doc id="30963195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963195" title="Central City Railway">
Central City Railway

The Central City Railway was chartered on April 19, 1859, and was the first street railway company in Syracuse, New York. It began operations in August 1860, as a horse-drawn rail. The road was discussed for many years before it was actually constructed as a link between the First Ward and Erie Canal at Salina Street. The train line commenced at South Salina Street opposite the "Syracuse House" and terminated in the First Ward.
The road was extended to Onondaga Lake about 1872, and a branch line was constructed from North Salina Street along Court Street to Third North Street (now Driscoll Avenue) in Solvay, New York, a suburb.
During 1890, the company merged with People's Railroad which merged again into Syracuse Rapid Transit Railway in 1896.
History.
The route was originally designated in the charter to run through Lodi Street, Lock Street and Wolf Street, but it was subsequently changed to Salina Street. 
The road was built during the first half of 1860 and opened in August with a "public demonstration." The first car was a small, single truck car drawn by one horse. There were no lights and no heat in the cars and often straw was placed on the floor to keep passengers feet warm. Cars were driven by one man, who acted as both driver and conductor. The track consisted of a narrow strip of strap iron spiked to wooden stringers, and had practically no foundation and was about in length. Fare was only five cents and there were no transfers.
In 1862, the company business office was located in "Room No. 1" of Corinthian Hall on North Salina Street. The Syracuse terminal was situated on North Salina Street at "Church Street Crossing." Additionally, the Salina (First Ward) terminal was located on North Salina at the corner of Wolf Street. Cars departed both terminals every twenty minutes beginning every morning at 7am, with the exception of Sunday, when the first car departed at 10am.
The line was extended to Onondaga Lake about 1872 and a branch line was constructed from North Salina Street along Court Street to Third North Street (now Driscoll Avenue) in Solvay, New York, a suburb. The expansion increased the total distance covered by the road to approximately .
During 1879, the company business offices were located in the Mechanics Bank which was located in the Syracuse Savings Bank Building at the corner of North Salina and James streets.
Company management.
Directors of the company in 1862 included; George F. Comstock, Thomas G. Alvord, John A. Green, Jr. and B. Austin Avery. Company president was John A. Green and treasurer and secretary was James Noxon. Superintendent of the rail was B. Austin Avery and assistant-treasurer was Charles B. Wright.
In 1875, James M. Ellis was president; Joel Thayer, vice-president; T. H. Fitch, treasurer; J. C. Chase, secretary; and S. D. Evans was superintendent. The business office was located in Mechanic's Bank at Warren and East Genesee Streets in the Larned Block. 
During 1889, directors of the company included Daniel Pratt, Jonathan C. Chase, F. S. Wicks, James Barnes, all of Syracuse and Hy. T. Webb of Skaneateles. Frederick S. Wicks was president, James Barnes was treasurer and secretary and George Crampton was superintendent.
By 1890, Frederick S. Wicks was president, Jonathan C. Chase was vice-president, James Barnes was secretary and treasurer and George Crampton was superintendent.
Operations.
During 1890, the company employed both 47 and 51 pound rail. They owned 18 rail cars and 64 horses.
People's railroad.
On April 4, 1889, People's Railroad, founded in 1860, took control of the rail and on November 1, 1890, they obtained a perpetual lease of the Central City Railway and the Syracuse and Onondaga Railway and both lines then merged into the company.
In 1896, People's Railroad merged into Syracuse Rapid Transit Railway. 
By 1948, the company was part of the Syracuse Transit Corporation.

</doc>
<doc id="30963200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963200" title="Yokozuna Memorial Show">
Yokozuna Memorial Show

The Yokozuna Benefit Memorial Show was a professional wrestling event produced by World Xtreme Wrestling (WXW) promotion which took place on 29 November 2001, at the Lehigh Valley Sports Zone (WXW Arena) in Allentown, Pennsylvania. It was held in memory of wrestler Yokozuna, the nephew of promoter Afa Anoa'i and former two-time WWF World Heavyweight Champion, who died of heart failure in Liverpool, England during a tour of Europe the previous year. The show served as a benefit show for his widow and two children, Keilani and Justin. Eleven professional wrestling matches were featured on the event's card, with two including championships.
Wrestlers from the Heartland Wrestling Association, Jersey All Pro Wrestling and the World Wrestling Federation appeared on the show, as did members of the Anoa'i family including the Wild Samoans, Afa and Sika Anoa'i, Afa Anoa'i, Jr., The Tonga Kid, and HWA Tag Team Champions The Island Boys (Ekmo and Kimo). WWF Hall of Famer Bob Backlund and Extreme Championship Wrestling manager Bill Alfonso also made surprise appearances during the event.
The main event was a standard wrestling match between Da Hit Squad (Monsta Mack and Mafia), and their mystery opponents, The Headshrinkers (Rikishi and Samu), in their first match together since 1994. In the semi-main event, The Brothers of Destruction (Kane and The Undertaker) wrestled the Acolytes Protection Agency (Bradshaw and Faarooq). Another featured match was Shannon Moore versus Jamie Noble, in a revival of sorts of the feud between World Championship Wrestling rivals 3 Count and the Jung Dragons, which Moore won. A second former WCW star, and graduate of the Wild Samoan Training Center, Billy Kidman beat Low Ki, and The Tonga Kid and The Hungarian Barbarian defeated The Twin Tackles (Gene Snisky and Robb Harper), accompanied by Bill Alfonso, in a non-title match for the WXW Tag Team Championship.
Two of the participants, Malachi and Supreme Lee Great, both called the show one their all-time favorites; SLG named the show one of the top three highlights of his career. Sal Corrente, co-founder of WrestleReunion, was also in attendance and later wrote "It was a night that won’t easily be forgotten if I ever forget it". The WWF's involvement in the event was featured in "WWF Raw Magazine" in March 2002.
Show results.
29 November 2001 in Allentown, Pennsylvania (WXW Arena)

</doc>
<doc id="30963202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963202" title="Catuense Futebol">
Catuense Futebol

Catuense Futebol, commonly known as Catuense, is a Brazilian football club based in Catu, Bahia state. They competed in the Série A once, in the Série B seven times, in the Série C seven times and in the Copa do Brasil once. The club was formerly known as Associação Desportiva Catuense.
History.
The club was founded on January 1, 1974, as Associação Desportiva Catuense. They competed in the Série B in 1982, in 1985, in 1986, in 1987, in 1988, in 1989, when they were eliminated in the semifinals, and in 1990, when they reached the semifinal stage. Catuense competed in the Série A in 1984, when they finished in the last place in their group. The club competed in the Série C in 1992, in 1993, in 1994, when they reached the semifinals of the competition, in 1995, in 1996, in 1997 and in 1998. Associação Desportiva Catuense was renamed to Catuense Futebol in 2001. The club won the Taça Estado da Bahia in 2001. Catuense competed in the Copa do Brasil in 2004, when they were eliminated in the First Stage by Atlético Mineiro.
Stadium.
Catuense Futebol play their home games at Estádio Antônio Pena, nicknamed "Penão". The stadium has a maximum capacity of 8,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="30963211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963211" title="Michael H. Decker">
Michael H. Decker

Michael H. Decker served as the Assistant to the Secretary of Defense for Intelligence Oversight. from September 2009 thru February 2014. Before that he served as Assistant Director of Intelligence, United States Marine Corps.
Early life and education.
Decker obtained his Bachelor of Business Administration from the University of Notre Dame and later earned his Master of Arts in Government/National Security Studies from Georgetown University. He also holds a Master of Science in Strategic Intelligence from the National Defense Intelligence College.
Military career.
Decker was commissioned as a second lieutenant in the United States Marine Corps and served as an infantry platoon commander during operations to the Mediterranean Sea. He later deployed as an assistant battalion operations officer to Beirut, Lebanon as part of the Multinational Force in Lebanon in 1982. After returning to the United States, Decker served as an infantry company commander and later as assistant operations officer for an expeditionary unit in Honduras. Reassigned to Headquarters, United States Marine Corps, Decker served as the Marine Corps Security Force/Marine Security Guard policy and program officer.
Decker next served as an intelligence officer with a Marine Expeditionary Unit in the Western Pacific and later as a Marine Expeditionary Force production/analysis officer in an all-source fusion center, where he coordinated all intelligence aspects of Marine participation in Central Command theater contingency planning and exercises.
Decker deployed to Saudi Arabia as a senior intelligence analyst, supervising enemy order of battle analysis and coordinating political analysis and theater intelligence liaison for Marine Forces Central Command during the Gulf War. Decker was medically retired in 1991.
Decorations.
Decker's military decorations include:
Personal life.
Decker is married and has two sons.
Decker is an Adjunct Associate Professor in the Center for Security Studies (CSS) at Georgetown University http://explore.georgetown.edu/people/mhd29/
Publications.
Assessing the Intelligence Effort, Decker, Michael H; Marine Corps Gazette; vol. 75, no. 9 (Sep 1991), p. 22
The MAGTF and Low-Intensity Conflict, Decker, Michael H; Marine Corps Gazette; vol. 72, no. 3 (Mar 1988), p. 45
Marine Corps Counterintelligence Support to the Warfighter, Past, Present and Future, Decker, Michael H; Batts, Christopher B.; American Intelligence Journal; Volume 20, Number 1&2 (Winter 2000-2001)
Three MAFs for the Corps, Decker, Michael H; U.S. Naval Institute Proceedings; vol 113/11/1017 (Nov 1987), p. 74
Platoon-The Movie and Law of War Training, Decker, Michael H; Jeffries, James H, III; Marine Corps Gazette; vol. 71, no. 4 (Apr 1987), p. 40
On Women, Combat, and Leadership, Decker, Michael H; Marine Corps Gazette; vol. 75, no. 10 (Oct 1991), p. 89
The Long Run, Decker, Mike; Scholastic, Notre Dame, Indiana, Vol. 121, No. 7 (March 21, 1980) p 26

</doc>
<doc id="30963214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963214" title="Elk Mound High School">
Elk Mound High School

Elk Mound High School is a public high school located in Elk Mound, Wisconsin. It is a member the Dunn-St. Croix Conference.

</doc>
<doc id="30963224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963224" title="American art">
American art

American art may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30963245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963245" title="Scéno Plus">
Scéno Plus

Scéno Plus Inc. is a Montreal-based entertainment design firm founded in 1985. It specializes in the design of cultural and recreational venues such as multidisciplinary spaces, small creative studios, circus theatres, concert halls, large-capacity theatres, cinemas, convention centres, event centres and multipurpose halls.
History.
Patrick Bergé, Scéno Plus’ cofounder and president, grew up in a theatre environment. At age of 13, he started working in a theatre and toured with artists until he was 19 years old. He decided to focus on theatre projects when he later went to architectural school. Patrick Bergé founded Scéno Plus Inc. in February 1985 and concentrated his efforts in designing aesthetic and functional theatres to enhance performer, technician and venue manager work conditions.
Realizations.
Scéno Plus past realizations include among others venues like the two first permanent Cirque du Soleil theatre in Las Vegas: the Treasure Island Showroom in Las Vegas (hosting the show “Mystère”) and the Bellagio Theatre (hosting the show “O”) as well as the Cirque du Soleil Theatre at Walt Disney World’s West Side District in Orlando. The firm also designed The Colosseum at Caesars Palace for the Celine Dion mega production A New Day and created the Wynn Casino Showroom that hosted the show Le Rêve directed by Franco Dragone.
The firm also designed the rock concert facility The Joint at Hard Rock Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas and the transformable showroom called The Venue at the Horseshoe Casino located in Hammond.
Awards.
Recently, Pollstar magazine selected the rock concert venue The Joint in Las Vegas as the Best New Major Concert Venue in 2009. In 2003, the Civic trust Commendation granted the Dream Factory at the Playbox Theatre in Warwick, United Kingdom for its high design standards. Scéno Plus also received in 2002 the Outstanding Private Building Award for The Colosseum at Caesars Palace in Las Vegas by the Southwest Contractor Magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="30963255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963255" title="Underwood's septa">
Underwood's septa

In anatomy, Underwood's septa (or maxillary sinus septa, singular septum) are fin-shaped projections of bone that may exist in the maxillary sinus, first described in 1910 by Arthur S. Underwood, an anatomist at King's College in London. The presence of septa at or near the floor of the sinus are of interest to the dental clinician when proposing or performing sinus floor elevation procedures because of an increased likelihood of surgical complications, such as tearing of the Schneiderian membrane.
The prevalence of Underwood's septa in relation to the floor of the maxillary sinus has been reported at nearly 32%.
Location of septa in the sinus.
Underwood divided the maxillary sinus into three regions relating to zones of distinct tooth eruption activity: anterior (corresponding to the premolars), middle (corresponding to the first molar) and posterior (corresponding to the second molar). Thus, he asserted, these septa always arise between teeth and never opposite the middle of a tooth.
Different studies reveal a different predisposition for the presence of septa based on sinus region:
Primary vs. secondary septa.
Recent studies have classified two types of maxillary sinus septa: primary and secondary. "Primary septa" are those initially described by Underwood and that form as a result of the floor of the sinus sinking along with the roots of erupting teeth; these primary septa are thus generally found in the sinus corresponding to the space between teeth, as explained by Underwood. Conversely, "secondary septa" form as a result of irregular pneumatization of the sinus following loss of maxillary posterior teeth. "Sinus pneumatization" is a poorly understood phenomenon that results in an increased volume of the maxillary sinus, generally following maxillary posterior tooth loss, at the expense of the bone which used to house the roots of the maxillary posterior teeth.

</doc>
<doc id="30963256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963256" title="Lefferts-Laidlaw House">
Lefferts-Laidlaw House

Lefferts-Laidlaw House is a historic home located in Wallabout, Brooklyn, New York, New York. It was built about 1840 and is a two-story frame building in the Greek Revival style. It consists of a two-story central section with one story south ell and two story rear extension. The front facade features a portico supported by four square columns supporting a pediment.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="30963266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963266" title="Ndumbe Lobe Bell">
Ndumbe Lobe Bell

Ndumbé Lobé Bell or King Bell (1839 – December 1897) was a leader of the Duala people in Southern Cameroon during the period when the Germans established their colony of Kamerun. He was an astute politician and a highly successful businessman.
Background.
The first European records of the people of the Douala region around the Wouri estuary noted that they were engaged in fishing and agriculture to some extent, but primarily were traders with the people of the interior via the Wouri River and its tributaries, and via the Dibamba, Kwa Kwa and Mungo rivers. The main Duala communities at the mouth of the Wouri River were Bell Town, with the subordinate Bonapriso to the south and Bonaberi in the opposite shore of the river, and Akwa Town with the subordinate Deido to the north.
Douala was a dependable if minor source of slaves for the Atlantic Slave Trade.
The British became active in suppressing the trade in the 1820s. 
In November 1829 the British ship ""Eden"" seized the Brazilian slave trader ""Ismenia"" of Rio de Janeiro after it had given its trade goods to the then King Bell for the purpose of obtaining slaves.
On 7 March 1841, King Bell's predecessor signed a formal treaty with William Simpson Blount, commanding the British ship Pluto, in which he agreed to suppress the sale or transport of slaves in his territory.
With the abolition of slavery, the Duala people expanded their barter trade in palm oil, palm kernels and ivory from the interior in exchange for European goods.
The practice of domestic slavery continued long after abolition of the overseas slave trade. Slaves were not necessarily mistreated. For example, David Mandessi Bell was brought as a slave from the Grassfields region into King Bell's household in the 1870s and became a rich and powerful member of the Bells, although he was not eligible to become chief.
An 1880 guide said the towns of King Bell and King Aqua, "separated only by a little brook, are apparently of great extent and considerable population. The houses are neatly built of bamboo, in wide and regular streets, with numerous plantain and cocoa-nut trees, and even large fields of maize... A considerable trade has been carried on for many years with the natives, who from their activity in collecting palm oil, and their intercourse with Europeans, have become a large and important community, possessing a high degree of civilization".
Independent rule.
The Duala leaders, whom the Europeans called "kings", came from the two lineages of Bell and Akwa.
In practice, both Bell and Akwa suffered from internal divisions and did not have strong control over their subordinate communities, who rivalled them in trade and at times took independent action.
King Ndumbé Lobé Bell succeeded his father Lobé Bebe Bell in 1858, when he was aged about twenty. He was to lead the Bell faction for almost forty years until his death in 1897.
Between 1872 and 1874 there was a conflict between the Akwa and Bell factions over an attempt by Bonapriso to secede to Akwa. King Bell was supported by Deido, which had become independent of Akwa, in this struggle.
In the late 1870s, King Bell managed to exploit a quarrel between the Akwa faction and the Kwa Kwa River traders to begin trading on this river, which leads to the much larger Sanaga River.
Between 1882 and 1883, just before the German annexation, a violent dispute broke out between King Bell and three of his brothers, supported by Akwa and Bonaberi.
These struggles were all harmful to the Bell trade.
German assumption of control.
By the later part of the 19th century the British were active in the Wouri estuary both as traders and missionaries and outnumbered the Germans, but accepted that the region fell within the German sphere of colonial authority.
King Bell sought European protection to support his authority, prevent further attempts to defect by segments of his people such as the Bonaberi, and stabilize trade.
On 12 July 1884, King Ndumbé Lobé Bell and King Akwa signed a treaty in which they assigned sovereign rights, legislation and administration of their country in full to the firms of C. Woerman and Jantzen & Thormählen, represented by the merchants Edward Schmidt and Johann Voss.
The treaty included conditions that existing contracts and property rights be maintained, existing customs respected and the German administration continue to make "comey", or trading tax, payments to the kings as before. 
King Bell received 27,000 marks in exchange for signing the treaty, a very large sum at that time.
In a letter to the Earl of Derby dated 30 September 1884, King Bell explained his reasons for accepting the German offer. He said "Having written to you, through the English Consuls on the West Coast, several times, covering the space of over five years, in which letters I anxiously inquired to know if the English Government would take by annexation my country, I at last despaired, having not received any answer… I hence concluded that neither the Consuls nor yet the English Government cared anything about my country…"
The rulers of Bonaberi and Bonapriso refused to sign the German protectorate treaty in July 1884. King Bell told the British Vice-Consul, Buchan, that the sub-chiefs would prefer British rule, but were waiting to see what the Germans would offer.
In December 1884, the forces of Bonaberi and Bonapriso attacked and burned Bell Town. Newspaper reports said that English traders had incited the sub-chiefs of Joss Town (Bonapriso) and Hickory Town (Bonaberi) against King Bell, saying he had failed to pass on their fair share of the money he was given by the Germans.
The German representative, Max Buchner, called on a small naval squadron to restore the peace, which they did by destroying both Bonaberi and Bonapriso. 25 Africans and one German died during the fighting. The Admiral of the naval squadron assumed authority until the first Governor, Julius von Soden, arrived in July 1885.
German protectorate.
King Bell's relations with the first Governor were poor. This was in part because of complaints to the central authorities by his nephew Alfred Bell, who was being educated in Germany.
Also, von Soden was committed to eliminating Bell dominance of the trade in the Mungo valley to the northwest of Douala, assisting the firm of Jantzen and Thormählen to expand into this region to start plantations and establish a trading station.
King Bell's English-educated son, Manga, was even exiled to Togo for two years, where he became friendly with the German commissioner Eugen von Zimmerer.
Relations improved when von Zimmerer replaced von Soden as governor of the Kamerun colony in 1890.
Manga took care to cultivate the friendship of all the senior German officials in Douala, which helped in gaining support the Bell interests, while the Akwa leader failed to gain effective supporters among the colonialists.
Under Zimmerer, the Germans abandoned attempts to enter the principal Bell trading region in the Mungo River valley and turned instead to the Sanaga, which they closed to all native traders, further damaging Akwa interests.
Character.
Europeans who described the situation at Douala during the period before and after the formal colonial annexation praised King Bell and his son and heir, Manga, while they thought little of his rival, King Dika Mpondo Akwa.
King Bell was described as a man of natural dignity and decency.
Although there were more people in the Akwa faction, the Bells were more successful commercially and received higher payments than the Akwas after annexation.
King Bell had managed to eliminate the middlemen in the Mungo trade, greatly increasing his profits.
Despite his astute and highly successful commercial and political dealings during a period of social upheaval, King Bell was the target of racist prejudices common among Europeans of that time. A typical verse in a German paper ran:
When King Ndumbé Lobé Bell died in December 1897, he was said to have left 90 wives.
His son Manga Ndumbe Bell inherited his position and salary, and a few months later was given appeals jurisdiction over all non-Duala peoples of the Littoral, a highly lucrative appointment.

</doc>
<doc id="30963268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963268" title="1993–94 National Hurling League">
1993–94 National Hurling League

The 1993-94 National Hurling League was the 63rd edition of the National Hurling League, which ran from 17 October 1993 until 8 May 1994.
Thirty-two teams participated in the league, comprising four divisions of eight teams. Two points were awarded for a win and one point was awarded for a drawn game. The knock-out phase featured the top four teams from division one and the top two teams from division two.
Tipperary won the league, beating Galway by 2-14 to 0-12 in the final.
Overview.
Division 1.
The National Hurling League's top division featured eight teams. Galway, the 1993 All-Ireland runners-up, suffered just one defeat, topped the group and guaranteed themselves a place in the National League semi-final. Reigning league champions Cork finished second and booked their place in the second semi-final. Third placed Tipperary and fourth placed Antrim secured their places in the league quarter-finals. In spite of finished third, Tipperary defeated Galway in the National League final to secured their 16th title. It was the team's last silverware under the management of Michael "Babs" Keating.
Down at the other end of the table, Waterford, with five defeats, and Wexford, with six defeats, were relegated to Division 2 for the following season.
Division 2.
In Division 2, Clare and reigning All-Ireland champions Kilkenny finished first and second respectively, thus securing automatic promotion to Division 1 for the following season. They also earned a place in the National League quarter-finals.
Westmeath, who only managed one draw during the group stage, were automatically relegated to Division 3.
Division 3.
Carlow finished the group stage without defeat, topping the group with 14 points. Their success ensured automatic promotion to Division 2.
Mayo lost all seven of their group games, finishing with a points difference of -100, and were relegated to Division 4.
Division 4.
Louth were the standard bearers in Division 4. They recorded six wins from seven games, thus ensuring their promotion to Division 3 for the 1994-95 National Hurling League.
Cavan lost all seven of their group games, finishing with a points difference of -116. They had the dubious honour of being the worst hurling team in Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="30963271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963271" title="David Moss (footballer born 1968)">
David Moss (footballer born 1968)

David Moss (born 15 November 1968 in Doncaster) is an English former footballer, who played for Boston United, Doncaster Rovers, Chesterfield, Scunthorpe United, Partick Thistle, Falkirk, Dunfermline, Ayr United and Swansea City. He is now Chief Youth Scout for Celtic FC

</doc>
<doc id="30963272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963272" title="Schneiderian membrane">
Schneiderian membrane

In anatomy, the Schneiderian membrane is the membranous lining of the maxillary sinus cavity.

</doc>
<doc id="30963274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963274" title="Northwest Orient Airlines Flight 307">
Northwest Orient Airlines Flight 307

__NOTOC__
Northwest Orient Airlines Flight 307 was a scheduled domestic flight in the United States routing Washington, DC–Detroit–Madison–Rochester–Minneapolis-St. Paul–Winnipeg. On 7 March 1950, the flight was operated by a Martin 2-0-2, registered "N93050", when it crashed into a house on approach to Minneapolis-Saint Paul International Airport after first hitting a flagpole. The three crew members and ten passengers on board were all killed, as were two children in the house.
Accident.
Flight 307 was attempting to land at Minneapolis-Saint Paul International Airport the area had blowing snow. The left wing hit a 70 foot flagpole about 4,180 feet from the touchdown point and 650 feet west of the approach center line. The aircraft was about 3.8 miles northwest of the airport when a section of the left wing detached and the aircraft dived into the house at 1116 Minnehaha Parkway West from a height of about 300 feet. The aircraft was destroyed by fire and two children in the house were killed.
Aircraft.
The aircraft was a Martin 2-0-2 twin-engined piston airliner designed to carry 42 passengers. It had been delivered new to Northwest Orient Airlines on 6 May 1948 as registration "N93050".
Probable cause.
The probable cause of the crash was an attempt to complete an approach with a loss of visual reference to the ground.

</doc>
<doc id="30963276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963276" title="Vincennes Synagogue">
Vincennes Synagogue

The Vincennes Synagogue is one of several funded by the banker patron Daniel Iffla.
Ashkenazi Synagogue.
In 1901, the Jewish Community of Paris decided to establish a community at Saint-Mandé, encompassing Jews from Vincennes and surrounding districts. Initially most of the Jews were from Alsace, regained by France in 1870. At the end of the 19th and early 20th centuries, many Jewish families from Central Europe, fleeing poverty and pogroms came to Vincennes.
On the 13 November 1903, the community moved leasing a property at 30 rue Celine Robert where the new Synagogue was to be built. The inauguration ceremony took place on September 5, 1907. Services were conducted according to the Ashkenazi rite. The synagogue is one of the few synagogues in France that was to operate almost continuously since its inception until today, even during the Vichy period.
Sephardic Synagogue.
In 1960, following the influx of Jewish refugees from North Africa, the community of Vincennes, hitherto almost entirely Ashkenazi, adapted adopting an increasing number of Sephardic services, mostly under a Tunisian rite.
In February 2005, a new Sephardic synagogue,Beth Raphael, was inaugurated in a building adjacent to the building of the Ashkenazi synagogue. One enters the synagogue on the northern side of the court. The style is profoundly different from the Ashkenazi synagogue. The walls are pure white, with lots of silver candlesticks and according to the Sephardic rite, the bimah is located in the middle of the room. The women's gallery on the first floor, walls west, north and south, has no railing, but is protected by glass panels.
A community center, located across the street, includes classrooms for a cheder, and banquet halls.

</doc>
<doc id="30963281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963281" title="Nuestra Belleza Campeche">
Nuestra Belleza Campeche

Nuestra Belleza Campeche is a pageant in Campeche, Mexico, that selects that state's representative for the national Nuestra Belleza México pageant.
In 2000, 2003 and 2012 was not sent a State Representative.
The State Organization has produced one Nuestra Belleza Mundo México titleholder in 2001 with Tatiana Rodríguez, she being the first and only woman from this state to win a crown of Nuestra Belleza México.
Nuestra Belleza Campeche is located at number 12 with a crown of Nuestra Belleza México.
Titleholders.
Below are the names of the annual titleholders of Nuestra Belleza Campeche, listed in ascending order, and their final placements in the Nuestra Belleza México after their participation.
Designated Contestants.
As of 2000, isn't uncommon for some States to have more than one delegate competing simultaneously in the national pageant. The following Nuestra Belleza Campeche contestants were invited to compete in Nuestra Belleza México.

</doc>
<doc id="30963318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963318" title="AMDA">
AMDA

AMDA or Amda may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30963342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963342" title="Crab Orchard, Illinois">
Crab Orchard, Illinois

Crab Orchard is an unincorporated census-designated place east of Marion in Williamson County, Illinois located along an old route of Illinois Route 13 now designated Crab Orchard Road. The upper branches of Crab Orchard Creek which eventually feed into Crab Orchard Lake flow nearby and gave the community its name. For a brief time during the Civil War, it was known as Erwinsville, which is the name in the original plat of the village. In its early days it had the nickname "Steal-Easy." The Crab Orchard post office was established 18 August 1853 and discontinued operations 15 May 1924. It's now served by the Marion post office. As of the 2010 census, Crab Orchard has a population of 333. Crab Orchard has an area of ; of this is land, and is water.
Community services.
Crab Orchard Community Unit School District #3 serves the community and surrounding area. The district provides classes from Kindergarten to 12th grade. The schools teams have been known as the "Trojans." The high school is an outgrowth of the old private Crab Orchard Academy begun by Professor James W. Turner in 1890 that operated until 1913. A two-year high school began in 1915, a junior year was added in the 1920s and it became a four-year high school in 1938. School district consolidation led to the creation of the unit district in 1952. The current grade school building dates to about 1974 and the 7-12 grade building opened in October 2004.
The Crab Orchard Public Library District serves the area with its main library in Crab Orchard and satellite services at Pittsburg and Creal Springs. 
Fire protection is provided by the Williamson County Fire Protection District. Station #3 is located on the north edge of the community. Treated water is provided by the private Coal Valley Water District.

</doc>
<doc id="30963348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963348" title="John Millen (sailor)">
John Millen (sailor)

John Millen (born October 18, 1960) is a Canadian sailor. He won a bronze medal in the Flying Dutchman Class at the 1988 Summer Olympics with Frank McLaughlin. He also finished 9th in the same category at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="30963360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963360" title="John Millen">
John Millen

John Millen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30963373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963373" title="Hobbs High School">
Hobbs High School

Hobbs High School (HHS) is located in Hobbs, New Mexico, and has a student population of about 1500 students as of 2009. Ralph Tasker coached basketball at HHS for 49 years, from 1949 to 1998.
Campus.
The Campus is a fairly standard indoor campus with several classrooms that you can enter from the outside. The High School also has a new Auditorium and Athletic Center.
Up until May 2002, Hobbs freshmen went to the three junior high schools: Highland, Houston, and Heizer. All three schools housed 7th-9th grade, and the decision was made to convert Heizer Junior High School into a Freshman High School to help transition students into high school by grouping their peers together all at once. The reason that Heizer was chosen was due to its ability to expand if needed because of the fact the school was surrounded by an open field. Both Highland and Houston were surrounded by housing and other problems that prevented expansions to accommodate the incoming freshman. Until the summer of 2011, the freshmen were either bussed or transported by their parents to the campus, which drew the ire of many parents because of its location in the extreme southern location of Hobbs, on Stanolind Road. After a few years of discussion, the Hobbs Municipal School Board decided that the best way to transition the freshmen to high school would be to build a new Freshman High School on Sanger Street next to the HMS District Office. The first class of freshmen to attend the new HFHS was in August 2011. With the freshmen being moved into the new high school, Heizer will return to being a junior high school by the next school year.
School song.
In the west mid dark oil derricks
Friendly flares to view
Stands the best of noble high schools
Hobbs High heres to you
Watch the night flares and send a radiance thats fond to all but you!
Golden land of all that's worthwhile
Hobbs, New Mexico!!!!
Mascot and colors.
The mascot of Hobbs High School is the Eagles and the colors are primarily Black and Gold with White being a secondary color. One of the more prominent icons of the HHS campus is the eagle on a globe statue outside the front of the campus, facing Jefferson Street. Over the years rival high schools have taken to paint this statue in their own colors as a prank.
Sports.
Hobbs High School is classified as a AAAAA school, the highest classification in the NMAA. Hobbs is situated in District 4 of AAAAA with the Clovis High School Wildcats and the Carlsbad High School Cavemen. Hobbs High School has a total of 42 state titles. Hobbs High School competes in a wide variety of sports as the Eagles and Lady Eagles, which includes:
State Champions.
Boys
Girls

</doc>
<doc id="30963385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963385" title="Ray Smith (bishop)">
Ray Smith (bishop)

Raymond George "Ray" Smith (born 7 March 1936) was an assistant bishop in the Anglican Diocese of Sydney. He was the Bishop of Georges River from 1993 to 2001.
Smith was educated at the Australian College of Theology and ordained in 1959. He was a priest in the Diocese of Armidale from 1959 to 1986 and became an archdeacon. He was then the Director of Extension Ministries at Trinity Episcopal School for Ministry in Ambridge, Pennsylvania in the United States until 1990 when he returned to Australia to be the Archdeacon of South Canberra, his last position before being ordained to the episcopate. He is married to Shirley Smith.

</doc>
<doc id="30963419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963419" title="Coathanga Strangla">
Coathanga Strangla

Coathanga Strangla is the sixth studio album from Brotha Lynch Hung. It was released on April 5, 2011. It is the second album released through Strange Music, and second album of the Coathanga Strangla concept trilogy. On February 21 the first song "Mannibalector" was released on the Brotha Lynch Hung Blog. On March 4 the single "Spit It Out" was released. On March 9 the single and video "Coathanga" was released.
Commercial performance.
"Coathanga Strangla" debuted at number 68 on the "Billboard" 200, with approximately 7,300 units sold in the first week. To date, the album has sold over 10,000 copies in the US.

</doc>
<doc id="30963436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963436" title="James Hipwood">
James Hipwood

James Hipwood (1842–1926) was an Australia politician. He was an alderman on the Brisbane Municipal Council from 1884 to 1897, and mayor of Brisbane, Queensland from 1886 to 1887.
Personal life.
James Hipwood was born in Sydney in 1842, the son of William Hooper Hipwood and Mary Ann (née Hayes). He was educated to age 13 at St Andrew's School. He married Mary Ann McCready at St Andrew's Cathedral, Sydney on 22 September 1864. While in Sydney, the couple had three daughters:
James Hipwood arrived in Brisbane in 1870,
where the couple had a further nine children:
James Hipwood died in Brisbane on 22 January 1926. His wife Mary Ann predeceased him in Brisbane on 8 January 1913. They were buried in Balmoral Cemetery, Brisbane (also called Bulimba Cemetery).
Business Life.
James Hipwood was a brassfounder and coppersmith. Having left school at age 13, he worked for P.N. Russell and Company, ironfounders and shipbuilders, where he became a foreman.
Coming to Brisbane in 1870, he joined Joseph William Sutton in the firm Hipwood & Sutton in Eagle Street. This partnership was dissolved in 1877 and James and his brother George Samuel Hipwood formed the business Hipwood Brothers in Edward Street.
He was one of the founders of Queensland Trustees Limited and the South Brisbane Milling Company. He was also involved in the formation of the Queensland Mutual Insurance Company and the Queensland Deposit Bank. He was a director of the Queensland Brewing Company (eventually merged into Carlton & United Breweries).
Public life.
James Hipwood was an alderman of the Brisbane Municipal Council from 1884 to 1897 and mayor in 1886 and 1887. He served on the following committees:
James Hipwood was also a member of the Coorparoo Shire Council from 1888 to 1891 and its President in 1890.
He was president of the Traffic Board in 1894 and 1895.

</doc>
<doc id="30963439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963439" title="Live at Gray Matters">
Live at Gray Matters

Live at Gray Matters is a series of digital-only EP releases by Christian rock act Jars of Clay. The premise of the series is for each release to have a theme and each contain around 4–5 tracks. The songs featured on the EPs were recorded in an informal setting at the band's own record label, Gray Matters, and contains little to no editing of the tracks. A video accompanies each EP that shows the band performing the tracks.
The cover of each recording features an identical photograph, varying only in background color.
Vol. 1: Songs from "The Long Fall Back to Earth".
Volume 1 of the series features five cuts from the band's 2009 release "The Long Fall Back to Earth", including the lead single "Two Hands". The songs "The Long Fall" and "Weapons" have typically been performed together as one song in concerts and are featured that way here on the EP.
Vol. 2: The Rewind Edition.
Volume 2 of the series features five tracks off the band's self-titled debut album, including a rare performance of "Boy On a String", a song typically not featured in the band's concert setlists. 
Vol. 3: The Christmas Edition.
Volume 3 of the series features a handful of highlights off the band's "Christmas Songs" project. "Drummer Boy" and "God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen" are two long-time Christmas favorites of the band, first making an appearance in 1995 on the "Drummer Boy" EP.

</doc>
<doc id="30963441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963441" title="Syanno">
Syanno

Senno or Syanno (, ) is a city in the Vitebsk Region of Belarus. It is southwest of Vitebsk on the southern shore of Senno Lake. Its population in 2010 was 8,000.
The village is first mentioned in a document of 1534, although there are indications it already existed in the middle of the 15th century. Fairs were held there, and a lively hay market gave it its name ( "seno" 'hay'). From the first half of the 17th century it belonged to the Sapieha family; from the second half of the 18th century, to the Ogińskis. In 1772 it became part of the Russian Empire.
In 1924, Senno became part of the Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic. During World War II, it was the site of a major tank battle in July 1941. On June 22, 1941, Nazi forces rampaged through this part of Belarus. In three years, they wiped out 80 percent of the country’s 980,000 Jews. Mobile death units rounded up entire shtetls, or towns, of Jews, confined them to cramped ghettos, and then marched them off to pits where they were shot dead.
References.
"This article used public domain text from the Voice of America, as identified."

</doc>
<doc id="30963454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963454" title="Louis DaPron">
Louis DaPron

Louis Francis DaPron (February 13, 1913 in Indiana – July 21, 1987 in Agoura, CA), was an American dancer, choreographer and dance instructor. He worked often with tap dancer Donald O'Connor.
Early days.
His parents were Elizabeth Kurtz (b. around 1890) and Louis I DaPron, and the family shows up on the 1930 Federal Census as living in Denver. Both parents were professional dancers, and at some point in the ‘30s they settled in Hollywood to open a dance school.
Professional beginnings.
Louis, who had been dancing and teaching dance with his parents since he was a child, was hired by choreographer LeRoy Prinz and actor/choreographer Nick Castle in 1936 to assist with dance direction for films at Paramount. He seems not to have been under contract, but to have worked for various studios for the next few years. By 1941 he was the primary choreographer for Ruby Keeler in Columbia Pictures’ ‘Sweetheart of the Campus’, her last musical film’.
Universal.
In 1941, Universal Studios was assembling a group of the best teenage dancers in the country for a dance group to be marketed as the “Jivin’ Jacks and Jills” in musical comedy films, and DaPron was put under contract by Universal to be the choreographer for this group. The Jivin’ Jacks and Jills were popular with teen audiences, primarily for the dancing and comedy efforts of Donald O'Connor and Peggy Ryan, who were frequently teamed together. As O’Connor became increasingly popular, Universal focused on him, and the Jivin’ Jacks and Jills were disbanded after 10 films. DaPron stayed on, as O’Connor’s choreographer and as head choreographer at Universal, a role he retained well into the '50s. He can be seen in small dancing parts in two films from 1948: Are You With It and Feudin', Fussin' and a-Fightin' (as ‘the shadow’ in a dance routine to Al Jolson’s Me And My Shadow), illustrating his unique style of movement.
Television.
DaPron was next conscripted to provide choreography for The Colgate Comedy Hour, again working with Donald O’Connor, and The Louis DaPron dancers were regulars on the popular Perry Como Show from 1955 to 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="30963459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963459" title="Vex'd">
Vex'd

Vex'd are a British Dubstep duo signed to Planet Mu Records consisting of Jamie Teasdale and Roly Porter. As of 2010 they have released 2 full albums, as well as several EPs and singles.

</doc>
<doc id="30963466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963466" title="Acalitus">
Acalitus

Acalitus is a genus of mites, including the following species:

</doc>
<doc id="30963472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963472" title="Hanoch Kalai">
Hanoch Kalai

Hanoch Kalai (March 13, 1910 – April 15, 1979) () was a member of Irgun and Lehi, and an expert on the Hebrew language. He spent three months as Irgun's "Commander in Chief" while David Raziel was imprisoned by the British Mandate for Palestine police, until his own arrest.
Early life.
Kalai was born in Lithuania, the son of Joseph and Pessia Strelitz. In 1924, the family moved to Palestine, where family lived on Herzl Street in Kfar Saba and his father became a bank manager in the town. Following the 1929 Palestine riots, Kalai joined the Haganah. He was also a member of the Betar movement.
Membership of Irgun.
On the final night of Passover in 1933, Betar members were attacked while parading in Tel Aviv. In retaliation, Kalai and Avraham Tehomi resigned from Hagana, and together they joined the Irgun. Kalai was appointed Irgun commander for Kfar Saba and Herzliya. During the 1936–1939 Arab revolt in Palestine, Kalai demanded an end to the policy of restraint and the beginning of reprisals against the Arabs.
Following Tehomi's split with Irgun and return to Hagana in 1937, Kalai was appointed commander of the newly formed Haifa district Irgun under Moshe Rosenberg. He was later appointed deputy commander of the Jerusalem district under David Raziel. During this period, Kalai also served as a broadcaster on the Irgun's underground radio station, Kol Tsion HaLokhemet.
Kalai's three brothers were also members of Irgun and Betar. Mordechai Strelitz was an Irgun commander in Israel and abroad, and served as liaison between Irgun and Betar. Menachem Strelitz was a member of the Irgun in Kfar Saba, where he conducted experiments with weapons and explosives. He was killed at age 22 on July 17, 1936 when a grenade exploded in his hands in the family home. Mykhael Strelitz was arrested by the British and tortured. He never recovered from the experience.
Leadership of Irgun.
Following Raziel's arrest on May 19, 1939, Kalai was appointed as "Commander in Chief" of the Irgun. At the first meeting he chaired, Kalai decided to act on two fronts: to continue retaliatory actions against the Arabs, and the commencement of operations against the British government following Parliament's approval of the White Paper of 1939. In following this policy, Irgun committed acts of sabotage against the infrastructure, including the post office and the government radio station in Jerusalem. Under Kalai's leadership, the group also assassinated the Palestine Police CID chief Ralph Cairns, to end his harassment of Irgun and in revenge for his alleged torture of Irgun prisoners.
First Arrest.
On August 31, 1939, the British arrested him with other key members of Irgun, including Avraham Stern, during a command meeting in Tel Aviv. He was replaced as head of Irgun by Benjamin Zeroni. The detainees were transferred to the Jaffa police station, and then to the Tzrifin detention camp. Kalai and the other prisoners were released on June 18, 1940.
Membership of Lehi.
Following his release, Kalai and Zeroni joined Avraham Stern who in July 1940 formed the Lehi (group), where Kalai wrote the new organization's manifesto. Kalai and Zeroni resigned from Lehi in late 1941 following Stern's attempts to form an alliance with Nazi Germany against the British.
Second Arrest.
In January 1941, the British police posted a £1000 reward for his arrest, and on February 4, 1942 Kalai and Zeroni surrendered. According to Yehuda Lapidot, one of the reasons they surrendered is that no organization would help them, and they increasingly felt like hunted animals. By agreement with the British police, they were never tried, but instead were transferred directly to a detention camp. On October 19, 1944, Kalai was exiled to a Kenyan detention camp along with 250 other detainees, and returned to Israel only on July 12, 1948.
Later life.
After Israel gained independence, Kalai became a language lecturer at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. He was also an editor and translator to Hebrew from English, German and Yiddish, an editor at the Bialik Institute, a member of The Academy of the Hebrew Language, and the Israel Broadcasting Authority plenum member responsible for Hebrew-language broadcasts. He translated Zorba the Greek into Hebrew, the first title in Am Oved's People's Library imprint. He also translated Virginia Woolf's .
Kalai was married to painter and sculptor Carmela Kalai. His son is noted academic Gil Kalai.
Kalai died in 1979, and was buried on the Mount of Olives in Jerusalem. In 1999, the Jerusalem Municipality named a street after him in the Malha district of the city.

</doc>
<doc id="30963487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963487" title="BMW i3">
BMW i3

The BMW i3, previously Mega City Vehicle (MCV), is a five-door urban electric car developed by the German manufacturer BMW. The i3 is part of BMW's "Project i" and was launched as a new brand, BMW i. The i3 is BMW's first zero emissions mass-produced vehicle due to its electric powertrain, and BMW is the first company to launch a volume production vehicle on the market featuring carbon-fiber reinforced plastic to improve the vehicle's energy consumption. 
The BMW i3's official range is under the New European Driving Cycle (NEDC), and up to in the most efficient driving mode. Under the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) cycle the official range is with combined fuel economy of 124 miles per gallon gasoline equivalent - MPGe - (1.90 L/100 km; 149 mpg imp). , the BMW i3 is the most fuel efficient EPA-certified vehicle of all years regardless of fuel type.. BMW is offering a range extender (“REx”) option powered by a 647 cc two-cylinder gasoline engine with a small fuel tank that engages when the battery level drops to a pre-specified point, acting purely as a generator to produce electricity to extend the range to between in every day driving conditions. Under EPA testing cycle, the i3 REx total range is .
Mass production of the i3 began in September 2013 and retail deliveries started in Europe in November 2013. Deliveries in the U.S. began in May 2014. The i3 concept car was unveiled at the 2011 Frankfurt Motor Show. BMW showcased a BMW i3 prototype during the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, and the production version was unveiled in July 2013. Pricing in the United States starts at before any government incentives, and the range extender option costs an additional . Prices in Germany start from (). Pricing in the UK starts at () before the applicable government grant. As of mid June 2014, over 6,000 units have been sold in Europe and the United States. Germany, Norway and the UK are the top selling markets.
Among other awards and recognition, the BMW i3 won two World Car of the Year Awards selected as 2014 World Green Car of the Year and also as 2014 World Car Design of the Year. Also won the an iF Product Design Gold Award, and in the first UK Car of the Year Awards, the i3 won in two categories, UK Car of the Year 2014 and Best Super-mini of 2014.
Project i.
BMW's "Project i" is a program aimed to develop a lightweight eco-friendly urban electric car designed to address the mobility and sustainability needs for people who live in megacities. According to BMW, "Project i" has three phases. The Mini E demonstration was the first phase of this project, and it was followed by a similar field testing that began in January 2012 with the BMW ActiveE all-electric vehicle. The ActiveE is based on the BMW 1 Series Coupe and is built based on the lessons learned from the Mini E trial. The last phase of "Project i" is the development of the i3 and i8 electric cars.
The automaker expects that its first series production all-electric drive vehicle will contribute to achieve an overall fleet fuel economy average of 6.63 L/100 km (35.5 mpg) by 2016, as mandated by the U.S. federal regulations. BMW expects high volume sales of the i3 to allow the company to continue selling in the U.S. several of its high-performance cars which have a low fuel economy.
In February 2011 BMW announced a new sub-brand, BMW i, for the commercialization of the vehicles produced under Project i, and its vehicles are to be sold separately from BMW or Mini. The first two production models are the battery electric Mega City Vehicle, now called BMW i3, and a plug-in hybrid called BMW i8, which is the production version of the Vision Efficient Dynamics concept unveiled at the 2009 Frankfurt Motor Show and has an all-electric range of . Production of both plug-in electric cars is scheduled to start in Leipzig in 2013.
BMW unveiled the i3 Concept Coupé study at the 2012 Los Angeles Auto Show. The carmaker developed the concept car to demonstrate the potential for conceivably extending the model range. The three-door coupe, like the five-door i3 electric sedan, is propelled by an electric motor developed by the BMW Group, with a maximum output of 125 kW/170 hp and peak torque of 250 N·m (184 lb-ft). Power delivery to the rear wheels is via a single-speed transmission. The li-ion battery pack is placed under the floor and can deliver an all-electric range of , but a gasoline engine referred to as "REx", can be added to extend the car's range to .
Design and technology.
BMW explained that taking advantage of the fact that the vehicle does not need an internal combustion engine up front, the i3 is being designed from the ground up, but avoiding to look podlike, with a dynamic sweep of the roof and the beltine to make it look sportier than most electrics. In order to achieve a lightweight car, the i3 will be the first mass production car to have most of its internal structure and body being made of carbon-fiber reinforced plastic (CFRP). As of November 2010, BMW has only demonstrated the light weight of the passenger compartment, and the automaker's Chief Executive said they have already decided on the basic design of the car and that road-testing prototypes began soon after.
The i3 features four doors and seating for four occupants with dimensions being slightly larger than the Mini Cooper and the BMW 1 Series, but smaller than the BMW 3 Series. The i3 is powered by a newly developed powertrain consisting of a electric motor running on lithium-ion batteries and driving the rear axle. BMW aimed to achieve a range of , the same range that was expected for the BMW ActiveE, but in order to reduce weight with a battery capacity of 16 kWh instead of the ActiveE's 30 kWh.
The BMW i3 has two pedals like all automatic transmissions cars. The acceleration pedal acts as both accelerator and engine brake. When the driver releases the pedal, the vehicle's kinetic energy is regenerated by the vehicle drivetrain to recharge the battery. This has the effect of slowing the car down. During the field testing of the Mini E, which features an accelerator that recharges the battery in this way, and consists of brakes that only apply to the rear wheels, BMW has learned that drivers tend to rely on the engine brake: around 75% of all deceleration maneuvers are initiated without the brake pedal in urban traffic areas. BMW also expected the i3 to use the same type of battery and powertrain that is being tested in the BMW ActiveE trials.
The prototype presented at the 2011 Frankfurt Motor Show had a lithium-ion battery pack that is expected to deliver between and the battery was fully charged in about four hours with the 240-volt charging unit. The i3 was expected to go from 0 to 100 km/h (0 to 60 mph) in less than eight seconds. The BMW i3 features a electric motor mounted on the rear axle to drive the rear wheels and the top speed is limited to .
BMW designed the i3 eDrive powertrain based on the premise that the battery would only need to be recharged once every two to three days. The charging frequency was derived from field trial results taken from the BMW ActiveE and MINI E vehicles in Asia, Europe and the U.S., whereby the typical commuting use between the pilot users' homes and workplaces was calculated.
In June 2012 an updated version of the BMW i3 concept car was unveiled at the opening of the first BMW i store, located on Park Lane in London, UK. The updated i3 concept consists of a new interior colour and materials concept. The seat covers combine responsibly sourced wool and leather naturally tanned with an olive oil leaf-based agent. The almost symmetrical curving dash is inlaid with treated eucalyptus wood that, according to BMW, is sourced from sustainably managed European forests.
Information is provided to the driver through a freestanding instrument cluster and a central information display. The bench-derived front seats replace the center tunnel that bisected the cabin and a floor-mounted transmission, brake levers or center console are also absent.
Charging and connectivity.
The i3 allows the owner to charge the battery from a conventional socket. The BMW i3 has a number of charging functions. AC fast charging can take less than 3 hours with the use of the BMW i Wallbox Pure, when charging from 0 to 80%. The i3 also has a rapid charging option suitable for public DC charging stations and can take less than 30 minutes, when charging from 0 to 80%.
BMW claims that the i3 is the first fully online all-electric vehicle, however the Tesla Model S has had full 3G internet connectivity since 2012.
In the US, it can also be charged from any public charging station with a SAE J1772 connector.
Operating modes.
The BMW i3 allows the driver to select the car energy consumption through three different drive modes: COMFORT, ECO PRO or ECO PRO+ mode. In the standard COMFORT mode the i3 delivers a range between in every day driving conditions, while the i3 REx delivers between . The ECO PRO mode increases the driving range by around 12% through a different accelerator pedal mapping which uses less power. In ECO PRO+ mode, all settings are geared to achieving the maximum possible range, increasing the driving range by about 24% compared with COMFORT mode. In this mode the maximum speed of the BMW i3 is limited to and electrical devices such as the heating and air conditioning are switched to energy-saving mode.
Range extender option.
BMW is offering a gasoline range extender engine as an option. The range extender is powered by the same 647 cc two-cylinder gasoline engine used in the BMW C650 GT motorcycle. The range extender engine only engages when the battery level drops to a pre-specified point, acting purely as a generator to produce electricity to extend the range to about for the European version. The European version has a gasoline tank while the American version has a smaller . Under EPA five-cycle testing, the i3 REx has a total range of .
The i3 performance in range-extending mode may be more limited than when it is running on battery power, as BMW clarified that the range extender is designed not for long-distance travel but purely as an emergency backup to keep the electric system going until the next recharging location.
The range-extender option of the BMW i3 was designed to meet the California Air Resources Board (CARB) regulation for an auxiliary power unit (APU) called REx. According to rules adopted in March 2012 by CARB, the 2014 BMW i3 with a REx unit fitted is the first car ever to qualify as a range-extended battery-electric vehicle or "BEVx." CARB describes this type of electric vehicle as "a relatively high-electric range battery-electric vehicle (BEV) to which an APU is added." The unit, which maintains battery charge at about 30% after the pack has been depleted in normal use, is strictly limited in the additional range it can provide, and delivers a minimum electric range.
CARB classified the i3 with the REx option as a "Transitional Zero Emission Vehicle" (TZEV), the same classification as other plug-in hybrids such as the Chevrolet Volt and the Toyota Prius Plug-in Hybrid. This classification makes the i3 REx eligible for California's green sticker that identifies the vehicles allowed to be operated by a single occupant in California's high-occupancy vehicle lanes (HOV), or carpool or diamond lanes, but not for the white sticker reserved for pure electric cars, such as the BMW i3 without REx. In addition, CARB certification of the i3 REx as BEVx allows the i3 with range extender to be eligible for a Clean Vehicle Rebate, the same amount eligible pure electric cars are entitled to. Other plug-in hybrids are only eligible for a purchase rebate.
Fuel economy and range.
Under the New European Driving Cycle the official range is , and up to in the most efficient driving mode. Under its five-cycle testing, the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) rated the 2014 all-electric BMW i3's energy consumption at 27 kWh/100 miles (0.169 kWh/km) with a combined fuel economy at 124 miles per gallon gasoline equivalent - MPGe - (1.90 L/100 km; 149 mpg imp) with an all-electric range of . These ratings allow the BMW i3 to become the most fuel efficient EPA-certified vehicle sold in the United States of all years regardless of fuel type. The range-extended model has lower ratings than the all-electric i3 due to the extra weight of the twin-cylinder gasoline engine used in the i3 REx. The following are the EPA ratings for the all-electric and range-extended models.
Safety.
The European New Car Assessment Programme (Euro NCAP) awarded the i3 a four-star car safety rating, resulting in the following ratings for each criteria:
The BMW i3's overall ratings are lower than the other six best-selling plug-in electric vehicles, the Volvo V60 Plug-in Hybrid, Renault Zoe, Nissan Leaf, Mitsubishi Outlander P-HEV, Chevrolet Volt and Opel Ampera, all of which were rated five stars.
Additional mobility.
BMW i is planning to offer additional mobility packages for trips where the range of an BMW i3 would not be enough to allow customers to cover longer distances, such as providing a conventional BMW vehicle on a given number of days per year. BMW is also offering a roadside assistance program in areas of high sales. The assistance vehicle will provide a charge so the i3 can travel to the next charging station. In addition, the i3 digital display panel shows the location of nearby recharging stations to alleviate range anxiety.
Production.
BMW is manufacturing carbon strands that form the basis of the i3's carbon-fiber reinforced plastic bodywork at a new plant built in Moses Lake, Washington, using raw material shipped from Japan. This location was selected to take advantage of the abundant hydroelectric power available in this U.S. region because carbon-fiber production requires considerable energy and would otherwise emit much carbon dioxide. Electricity in this region also costs about one-seventh of what it costs in Germany, providing a financially beneficial reason for the Moses Lake location. The carbon fiber is then shipped to Landshut, Germany, where the carbon-fiber reinforced plastic parts are fabricated, and the vehicle assembly line is located in Leipzig.
In November 2010, the Leipzig plant was inaugurated, with an investment in the production that amounts to euros () through 2013. The plant is located at BMW's complex that already produces variants of the 1 Series model. A concept version of the BMW i3 Coupe reflecting the current status of ongoing development was presented at the March 2013 Geneva Motor Show. The production vehicle was officially unveiled simultaneously in New York, London and Beijing on 29 July 2013. Series production for retail customers began on 18 September 2013, and the first vehicle off the production line was handed over to German marathon runner Jan Fitschen. The car was used as the lead vehicle at the 2013 Berlin Marathon on September 29.
, BMW was producing an average of 70 cars a day, about half the planned production. The lower production output is being caused by a high defect rate in the carbon parts. The company plans to invest about in the production of carbon parts in order to solve the supply problems. According to BMW, there were 11,000 orders globally , including 1,200 from U.S. customers. As a result of high demand and the slow production rate, delivery waiting time extends until September 2014.
Markets.
The first i3 deliveries to retail customers in Europe took place at an official market launch ceremony held in Munich on 15 November 2013. As of mid January 2014, BMW reported that it had logged 11,000 formal orders worldwide for the i3. The first delivery to a retail customer in the U.S. took place in May 2014. As of mid June 2014, over 6,000 units have been sold in Europe and the United States, of which 4,154 were delivered in the first five months of 2014. Germany, Norway and the UK are the top selling markets, with the Norwegian market having the largest i3 penetration due to its population size.
Asia-Pacific.
BMW plans to offer the BMW i3 in South Korea, China and Japan. Sales in Korean market are scheduled to begin in April 2014. 
Deliveries in Australia are scheduled to begin in November 2014. Pricing starts at () for the all-electric version and () for the model with the range extender option.
Europe.
Since July 2013 a total of 1,282 units were registered in Europe through December 2013, including about 400 press fleet vehicles and dealer demonstrators. During the first quarter of 2014 registrations totaled 2,022 units, capturing a market share of 18% of European all-electric car sales, and ranking as the third best selling electric car during the quarter after the Nissan Leaf and Tesla Model S.
Pricing in France starts at before the applicable government incentive, and the range extender option costs an additional . A total of 68 units were registered in the country during 2013. Cumulative registrations totaled 188 units through May 2014.
Prices in Germany start from and deliveries to retail customers began in Munich on 15 November 2013. A total of 559 were registered during 2013. The BMW i3 ranked as the top selling plug-in electric car in the country during the first quarter of 2014, with 638 units registered, representing 34.5% of the segment sales. , a total of 1,726 units have been registered in the country up to May 2014.
Released in October 2013 a total of 34 units were sold in Italy in 2013. Cumulative sales totaled 103 units by the end of May 2014, of which, 24 are REx models.
Prices in the Netherlands start at and the range extender option costs an additional . Deliveries are scheduled to begin in November 2013. A total of 252 units were registered in the country during 2013. Cumulative sales totaled 505 i3s through April 2014.
Deliveries of the BMW i3 in Norway began on 16 November 2013 at a price of 237,100 kroner, with a choice of three "trims" presented to consumers. According to BMW, there are more than 2,000 orders in the country, and only 50 units were allocated for the Norwegian market in 2013; another 1,500 cars are planned for delivery in 2014, thus extending deliveries far into 2015. Sales through December 2013 totaled 51 units. Accounting for new car sales during the first five months of 2014, the i3 is listed as the 16th best selling new passenger car in Norway with 1,013 units and a market share of 1.7% of new car sales in the country. Cumulative sales reached 1,064 units through May 2014. 
Launched in November 2013, a total of 27 units were sold in 2013. , cumulative sales totaled 91 units.
A total of 11 units were sold in 2013. Of these, 10 units sold with the range extender option, which in Sweden is classified as plug-in hybrid. The all-electric version is accounted separately. , cumulative sales totaled 116 units, of which, 58 were REx models.
Cumulative sales reached 249 units through May 2014. The i3 is the third best selling plug-in electric car in the country during 2014.
The BMW i 3 was officially launched in the UK on 6 November 2013. The i3 is available in the UK with four different interiors: Standard, Loft, Lodge and Suite. Pricing in the UK starts at before the applicable government grant. Leasing for a 36-month contract starts at per month including VAT, plus an initial payment of including VAT. Pricing of the BMW i3 with the range extender option starts at before government incentives and leasing for the model with Suite interior is per month including VAT.
North America.
The BMW i3 is expected to be available in Canada by mid 2014, starting at a price of before any available government incentives. The optional range extender will cost an additional .
The first delivery to a retail customer in the U.S. took place in Boston on 2 May 2014. During the first three months, U.S. bounded production will be restricted to a special "Launch Edition" i3, with the full option package and the Tera World interior. The only choices customers have are the exterior paint color, the 20″ Sport wheels, and the range extender. Production of normal custom ordered models is scheduled to begin until June. As thanks for their participation in the trial lease program, ActiveE drivers enjoy priority ordering and the first batch of i3s was allocated to these customers. ActiveE customers were allowed to order the i3 with any option they select and will receive the heated seats and DC quick charge options free of charge. Also, BMW created some unique features for the i3 cars of ActiveE drivers, such as embroidered front trunk liner and BMW i floor mats, and interior, exterior and door sill badging. BMW is calling these cars the “Electronaut Edition i3″ and they can only be purchased by ActiveE customers. The American market launch will only include Los Angeles, San Francisco, Sacramento, San Diego, Austin and New York City, plus the suburban areas of New Jersey and Connecticut. Pricing in the U.S. starts at before any applicable government incentives, and the range extender option costs an additional . During its first month in the market, a total of 336 BMW i3s were delivered in the U.S.
The i3 is available in three trim levels, Mega World, the standard model in the US, Giga World and the top-of-the-line Tera World. The base Mega World comes standard with 19-inch forged aluminum wheels, BMW Navigation, BMW ConnectedDrive with eCall, the BMW i Remote, an alarm, 7.4 kW on-board charger and LED headlights, DRLs and tail lights. The interior is donned in bright, lightweight Sensatec and sustainable cloth, which is made from recycled materials. It also features a leather trimmed steering wheel and grained dash trim. The next level Giga World has all the features of the Mega with the addition of Giga-specific 19-inch wheels and an interior wrapped in leather and wool cloth. A universal garage door opener is included for easy access to the i3's BMW i Charging Station. It also has Comfort Access, a sunroof, and satellite radio. The Tera World adds unique 19-inch wheels, luxury full leather, olive leaf-tanned interior with textile accents and contrasting stitching, and anthracite floors mats.
Available for every trim is the technology and driving assist and the parking assist packages. The driving assist package includes the wide-screen Navigation Professional with advanced real-time traffic and the new touch pad, Traffic Jam Assist, BMW Assist with Enhanced Bluetooth and USB with BMW Apps, Online Information services, Deceleration Assistant, ACC Stop & Go, Speed Limit info, BMW ConnectedDrive services, Forward Collision Warning, Pedestrian Protection and City Collision Mitigation. The parking assist package includes a rear-view camera, Park Assistant, which helps take advantage of tight parallel parking opportunities, and Front Auto Park Distance Control.
Global sales.
The following table presents retail sales and registrations for the top selling national markets by year through March 2014.
Reception.
The BMW i3 was selected by the "Green Car Journal" as one the five finalists for the 2012 Green Car Vision Award. In July 2013, the "Wired" and "The Christian Science Monitor" media sources published favorable reviews for the model.
The BMW i3 won the Car Design of the Year award for 2013 in the production category at the 2014 Geneva Auto Show. The i3 was selected by a panel of senior design directors. The other runners up in the production category were the Jaguar F-Type Coupe and Porsche 918 Spyder. The i3 also received an iF Product Design Gold Award for "the incorporation of sustainability in all facets of the interieur and exterieur design.”
The BMW i3 was selected as finalist in three categories for the 2014 World Car of the Year Awards. At the 2014 New York International Auto Show was announced as the winner of the 2014 World Green Car of the Year and also 2014 World Car Design of the Year.
In the first UK Car of the Year Awards, the BMW i3 won in two categories, UK Car of the Year 2014 and Best Super-mini of 2014. The winners in each category were voted for by a panel of 27 motoring journalists in the UK. The i3 was also a finalist of the 2014 European Car of the Year awards. It ended up voted in second place. The i3 was ranked first in Kelley Blue Book Top 10 Best Green Cars for 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="30963488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963488" title="Aculus">
Aculus

Aculus is a genus of mites, including the following species:

</doc>
<doc id="30963502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963502" title="George Frend">
George Frend

George Frend (born in Toomevara, County Tipperary, Ireland) is a former Irish hurling player. He played hurling with his local club Toomevara and with the Tipperary senior inter-county team from 1992 to 1999. In 1989 he won an All-Ireland Under-21 Hurling Championship medal as Tipperary defeated Offaly in the final.
He made his championship debut in 1992 against Cork in a 2-12 to 1-12 defeat at Páirc Uí Chaoimh.
He captained Tipperary to win the National Hurling League in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="30963535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963535" title="Television and film in New Jersey">
Television and film in New Jersey

There is a long history of television and film in New Jersey. 
The roots of the industry started in Newark with Hannibal Goodwin's patent of nitrocellulose film in 1887. 
Motion picture technology was invented by Thomas Edison, with early work done at his West Orange laboratory. Edison's Black Maria where the first motion picture to be copyrighted in the United States, "Fred Ott's Sneeze" was shot.
America's first motion picture industry started in 1907 in Fort Lee and the first studio was constructed there in 1909. DuMont Laboratories in Passaic, developed early sets and made the first broadcast to the private home. The nation's first drive-in theater opened at Airport Circle in 1933.
Many television shows and motion picture films have been filmed in New Jersey, which since 1978 maintains a Motion Picture and Television Commission. New Jersey has long held an attraction for producers, both for its locations and the tax credits offered by the state. Governor Christopher Christie suspended the credits in 2010, but the New Jersey State Legislature in 2011 approved the restoration and expansion of the tax credit program. Under bills passed by both the state Senate and Assembly, the program would offer 20 percent tax credits (22% in urban enterprise zones) to television and film productions that shoot in the state and meet set standards for hiring and local spending. The tax credit is lower than that of other states offering similar incentives. A controversy arose in 2011, when the governor threatened to veto the payment of tax rebates to the production company of Jersey Shore, a program he and others felt negatively portrayed New Jersey. As of 2014, a bill is under consideration in the Senate is that would extend the program and remove any caps on tax credits.
The New Jersey Network (NJN) is a state-wide public television and radio network operated by the New Jersey Public Broadcasting Authority.
In 2010, a new Studio City New Jersey was opened in Trenton.
and in 2011, the Ironbound Film and Television Studio was opened in Newark.
Motion pictures filmed in New Jersey.
Location.
Coyote Ugly beginning filmed in South Amboy, NJ
Studio.
The floor space and height of the Jersey City Armory has led to it being used as a temporary studio for many projects, including Robert De Niro's "A Bronx Tale", the Faye Dunaway thriller "Eyes Of Laura Mars", Laura Brannigan's music video ""Self-Control"", Woody Allen's "Deconstructing Harry", Terry Kinney's "Diminished Capacity", and "A Perfect Murder" by Andrew Davis.
In 2010, a new full-time film studio was opened in Trenton.
In 2011, the Ironbound Film and Television Studio in Newark, New Jersey opened. The former MOTBY has also been used as a temporary studio. Allendale, New Jersey is home to MediaMix Studios.
References.
34. ^ http://www.raritanriver-rr.com/ForgottenHistory2%20Ducks%20Nest%20Pond%20in%20Sayreville.htm

</doc>
<doc id="30963554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963554" title="Crenshaw Crossing, Illinois">
Crenshaw Crossing, Illinois

Crenshaw, or Crenshaw Crossing, is an incorporated community in Williamson County, Illinois located between Marion and Energy in West Marion Precinct. In 1958, it had an estimated population of 50.
Parts of the Herrin Massacre took place in and near the rural settlement on 21 June 1922. The Lester strip mine was located to the south. Replacement workers and mine guards were marched north from the mine to the community and then west to Moake Crossing and finally the Power Plant woods, where the initial massacre took place. The "crossing" part of the name came from the Coal Belt Electric Line interurban railroad and ran along what is now Crenshaw Road. Where it crossed to the other side of the road was the crossing.

</doc>
<doc id="30963558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963558" title="Namson Tran">
Namson Tran

Namson Tran (born 3 December 1968 in Vietnam) is a Solomon Islands businessman and politician.
Born in Vietnam, Tran moved first to Vanuatu then to Solomon Islands, where he married a Solomon Islander and became a naturalised citizen.
He worked as an accountant before becoming a "a high-profile businessman", the owner of Honiara Casino, the "biggest casino" in the Solomons.
His political career began when he was elected to the National Parliament as MP for West Honiara, a constituency in the capital city, Honiara, in the August 2010 general election. He was elected as an independent, being a member of no political party. The following month, he was elected Deputy Speaker of Parliament, as deputy to Speaker Sir Allan Kemakeza. He resigned from the deputy speakership at the start of December 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="30963565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963565" title="William McIntyre (cricketer)">
William McIntyre (cricketer)

William McIntyre (24 May 1844 - 13 September 1892) was an English cricketer who played first class cricket for Nottinghamshire from 1869 to 1871 and for Lancashire from 1872 to 1880.
McIntyre was born at Eastwood, Nottinghamshire and is first recorded as playing for Eastwood in 1866. In 1867, he began as a professional with the Nottingham Commercial Club at Trent Bridge and also started playing for the All England Eleven. A match for All England against the United England Eleven in 1869 marked his first class debut. Also in 1869 he started playing for Nottinghamshire and achieved his career highest score of 99 in his second match of the season against Kent. In 1870 he took 3 five-wicket innings and took ten wickets in one match. Also in 1870 he took up a post with Bolton Cricket Club. His form for Nottinghamshire dropped in the 1871 season and in 1872, with residency established, he started playing for Lancashire. In the first six seasons he took 40 five wicket innings and had 12 ten-wicket matches. He was a nemesis to newly formed Derbyshire, who gave him 14 five wicket innings, and he achieved his best performance of 8 for 31 against Derbyshire in 1877. He left the Bolton Club at the end of the 1877 season and a benefit match was held for him on 14 September between A.N.Hornby's XI and Sixteen of Bolton. His next position was with Castleton Club at Rochdale. His form declined in 1878 and 1879 and he played his last season for Lancashire in 1880.
McIntyre was a right-arm fast bowler and took 510 first class wickets at an average of 12.61 and a best performance of 8 for 31. He was a right-handed batsman and played 151 innings in 97 first class matches with an average of 10.41 and a top score of 99. His benefit season of 1881 at Lancashire raised £1,000.
McIntyre remained with Castleton Club until 1882 and then umpired three matches for Cambridge University in 1882 and 1883.
McIntyre died at the asylum at Prestwich, Lancashire at the age of 48 and was buried in Bolton Cemetery. His brothers Michael McIntyre and Martin McIntyre also played for Nottinghamshire.

</doc>
<doc id="30963584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963584" title="Cultural consensus theory">
Cultural consensus theory

Cultural consensus theory supports a framework for the measurement and evaluation of beliefs as cultural; shared to some extent by a group of individuals. Cultural consensus models guide the aggregation of responses from individuals to estimate (1) the culturally appropriate answers to a series of related questions (when the answers are unknown) and (2) individual competence (cultural competence) in answering those questions. The theory is applicable when there is sufficient agreement across people to assume that a single set of answers exists. The agreement between pairs of individuals is used to estimate individual cultural competence. Answers are estimated by weighting responses of individuals by their competence and then combining responses. 
Cultural consensus theory assumes that cultural beliefs are learned and shared across people. Since the amount of information in a culture is too large for any one individual to master, individuals know different subsets of the cultural knowledge and vary in their cultural competence. Cultural beliefs are beliefs held by a majority of culture members. Given a set of questions, on the same topic, shared cultural beliefs or norms regarding the answers can be estimated by aggregating the responses across a sample of culture members. When agreement is close to absolute, estimating answers is straightforward. The problem addressed by cultural consensus theory is how to estimate beliefs when there is some degree of heterogeneity present in responses. In general, cultural consensus theory provides a framework for determining whether responses are sufficiently homogeneous to estimate a single set of shared answers, and then estimating the answers and individual cultural competence in answering the questions. 
Cultural consensus models do not create consensus or explain why consensus exists; they simply facilitate the discovery and description of possible consensus. A high degree of agreement among raters must be present in responses in order to use consensus theory – only with high agreement does it make sense to aggregate responses to estimate beliefs of the group. Although there are statistical methods to evaluate whether agreement among raters is greater than chance (Binomial test, Friedman test, or Kendall’s coefficient of concordance), these methods do not provide a best estimate of the “true” answers nor do they estimate competence of the raters. Cultural consensus theory is able to estimate competence from the agreement between subjects and then, answers are estimated by “weighting” individual responses by competence prior to aggregation. 
A very important feature in the aggregation of responses is that the combined responses of individuals will be more accurate than the responses of each individual included in the aggregation. Reliability theory in psychology (specifically, the reliability coefficient and the Spearman–Brown prediction formula) provides a mathematical estimate of the accuracy or validity of aggregated responses from the number of units being combined and the level of agreement among the units. In this case, accuracy of aggregated responses can be calculated from the number of subjects and the average Pearson correlation coefficient between all pairs of subjects (across questions).
Usage.
To use cultural consensus theory, at least three assumptions must be met:
Models of the theory.
Cultural consensus theory encompasses formal and informal models. The formal cultural consensus model models the decision-making process for answering questions. This version is limited to categorical-type responses: multiple-choice type questions (including those with dichotomous true/false or yes/no responses) and responses to open-ended questions (with a single word or short phrase response for each question). This version of the model has a series of additional assumptions that must be met, i.e., no response bias. The formal model has direct parallels in signal detection theory and latent class analysis. An informal version of the model is available as a set of analytic procedures and obtains similar information with fewer assumptions. The informal model parallels a factor analysis on people (without rotation) and thus has similarities to Q factor analysis (as in Q Methodology). The informal version of the model can accommodate interval estimates and ranked response data. Both approaches provide estimates of the culturally correct answers and estimates of individual differences in the accuracy of reported information.
Competence.
Cultural competence is estimated from the similarity in responses between pairs of subjects since the agreement between a pair of respondents is a function of their individual competencies. In the formal model, similarity is the probability that matched responses occur (match method. or the probability of particular response combinations occur (covariance method). Simple match or covariance measures are then corrected for guessing and the proportion of positive responses, respectively. In the informal model, similarity is calculated with a Pearson correlation coefficient. 
A matrix of agreement coefficients between all pairs of subjects is then factored with a minimum residual factoring method (principal axis factoring without rotation) to solve for the unknown competence values on the main diagonal. (For the informal model, the maximum likelihood factor analysis algorithm is preferred, but principal axis factoring can be used as well.) To determine whether the solution meets cultural consensus criteria, that only a single factor is present, a goodness of fit rule is used. If the ratio of the first to second eigenvalues is large with subsequently small values and all first factor loadings are positive, then it is assumed that the data contain only a single factor or a single response pattern.
Individual competence.
Individual competence values are used to weight the responses and estimate the culturally correct answers. In the formal model, a confidence level (Bayesian adjusted probabilities) is obtained for each answer from the pattern of responses and the individual competence scores. In the informal model, responses are also weighted, using a linear model. When factoring a correlation matrix, the estimated answers appear as the first set of factor scores. Also, note that factor scores are usually provided as standardized variables (mean of zero), but may be transformed back to your original data collection units.
Analysis.
Cultural Consensus analyses may be performed with software applications. The formal consensus model is currently only available in the software packages ANTHROPAC or UCINET. Analysis procedures for the informal model are available in most statistical packages. The informal model can be run within a factor analysis procedure, requesting the minimum-residual (principal axis factoring) algorithm method that solves for the missing diagonal without rotation. However, when factor analysis is used for consensus applications, ~~the data must be transposed, so that questions are the unit of analysis (the rows in a data matrix) and people are the variables~~ (the columns in the data matrix). 
An advantage of cultural consensus is the availability of necessary sample size information and that necessary sample sizes do not need to be very large. Sample size determination in a consensus analysis is similar to other types of analyses; namely, that when variability is low, power is high and small samples will suffice. Here, variability is the agreement (competence) among subjects. For the formal model, sample size can be estimated from the level of agreement (e.g., assuming a low average competence level of .50), the proportion of items to be correctly classified (assuming a high level, .95), and high confidence (.999) a minimum sample size of 29 (per subgroup) is necessary.[1,5] For higher levels of competence and lower levels of accuracy and confidence, smaller samples sizes are necessary. Similarly, sample size can be estimated with reliability theory and the Spearman–Brown prophecy formula (applied to people instead of items). For a relatively low level of agreement (an average correlation of .25 between people, comparable to an average competence of .50) and a high degree of desired validity (.95 correlation between the estimated answers and the true answers), a study would require a minimum sample size of 30 subjects.
In summary, cultural consensus theory offers a framework for estimating cultural beliefs. A formal model is based on the decision-making process model of how questions are answered (with parameters for competence, response bias and guessing). The model proceeds from axioms and uses mathematical proofs to arrive at estimates of competence and answers to a series of questions. The informal model is a set of statistical procedures that provides similar information. Given a series of related questions, the agreement between people’s reported answers is used to estimate their cultural competence. Cultural competence is how much an individual knows or shares group beliefs. Since the extraction of individual competencies depends upon having a single factor solution, the ratio of the first and second eigenvalues (> 3:1) serves as a goodness-of-fit indicator that a single factor is present in the pattern of responses. Culturally correct answers are estimated by weighting and combining individuals’ responses.

</doc>
<doc id="30963586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963586" title="Union Avenue United Methodist Church">
Union Avenue United Methodist Church

Union Avenue United Methodist Church was a historic church building in Memphis, Tennessee, that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places under the name Union Avenue Methodist Episcopal Church, South. The building was located on a street corner at 2117 Union Avenue.
The building was no longer in use as a church when it was sold in February 2011 to CVS Pharmacy. The company paid $2.25 million for the church property and also paid $650,000 to buy an adjoining property from a different owner. Demolition of the structure began in March 2011
Members of the family that sold the land for church use in 1912 attempted to block the sale to CVS on the basis of a restrictive covenant in the deed that required the property to be used as a "place of divine worship."

</doc>
<doc id="30963601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963601" title="Hunegnaw Mesfin">
Hunegnaw Mesfin

Hunegnaw Mesfin (born 31 January 1989 in Gojjam, Amhara Region) is an Ethiopian long-distance runner who competes in cross country and track running events. He has represented his country at the IAAF World Cross Country Championships and won medals in the senior and junior team categories.
Mesfin won his first major medal at the 2007 African Junior Championships in Athletics, taking the 10,000 metres silver medal behind Kenya's Mathew Kisorio. His first year of global competition came in 2008. He was eleventh in the junior race at the 2008 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – a performance which helped Ethiopia to the team silver medals. He just missed out on a medal at the 2008 World Junior Championships in Athletics, finishing fourth behind fellow Ethiopian Ibrahim Jeilan. He competed for Ethiopia at the International Chiba Ekiden and won his race stage, helping the national team to the title. He ended the year with a third place finish at the inaugural Bahir Dar Cross Country.
Mesfin started 2009 with a win at the Sululta Cross Country in the junior section. He competed as a senior at the 2009 IAAF World Cross Country Championships, however, and his tenth place performance brought the Ethiopian men second place in the team rankings. He began to compete on the senior European cross country circuit at the end of that year and took a significant victory at the Cross Internacional Zornotza in January 2010, coming out on top of a photo finish with Gebre Gebremariam, the reigning world champion. He celebrated his 21st birthday with a second high profile victory, this time at the Cinque Mulini. In spite of these performances, he failed to match his placing of the previous year at the 2010 IAAF World Cross Country Championships, where he ended the race in the nineteenth place as Ethiopia took the bronze behind Kenya and Eritrea.
He gave a strong performance at the Jan Meda Cross Country in February 2011, surprising the more established Imane Merga with a burst of speed to win his first national senior title. However, it was his compatriot who took the title at the 2011 IAAF World Cross Country Championships while Mesfin faded in the latter stages and came eighth, although he and Imane led the Ethiopian's to second in the team rankings. He began to compete on the European road circuit that year and was third at the Giro Media Blenio 10K in April, setting a time of 28:33 minutes. He ran a 5000 m personal best of 13:38.92 minutes at the Athletissima meet in June and made his debut over the half marathon at the Udine Half Marathon, coming sixth in a time of 1:02:00 hours.
At the Cross Zornotza in 2012 he took third place.
His 2011/2012 cross country season began with a third place finish at the Cross de Atapuerca.

</doc>
<doc id="30963609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963609" title="Fernando De la Fuente">
Fernando De la Fuente

Fernando Emmanuel De la Fuente (, born 26 March 1986) is an Argentine footballer. He currently plays in Primera División club Santiago Wanderers in Chile. He primarily plays as a defensive midfielder, but can also operates into the central zone or as a Box-to-box. That last position mentioned, he developed it with the coach Ivo Basay at O'Higgins, for then play as a defensive, under Omar Labruna as coach, adapting him alongside Rodrigo Millar in the zone.
De la Fuente began his career at Racing Club, being the coach Diego Simeone, who promoted him to the first team, after youth spells in hometown Patagones and then at the Avellaneda based–team. In 2011, "Feña" joined Primera División club O'Higgins in Chile, making a successful year, that allowed him move to Colo-Colo, after a spell in La Serena. Generally at Argentina, the midfielder played in the top–tier of Primera and had well spells.
His style of play has a very technical condition, demonstrating this principally in the Chilean football, in where began a darling player by the Garra Blanca of Colo-Colo and also in the media. In November 2012, the web site of newspaper La Cuarta compared him with club's historic defensive midfielder Arturo Sanhueza. He is nicknamed "Nano" and also "Feña".

</doc>
<doc id="30963613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963613" title="Flå IL">
Flå IL

Flå Idrettslag is a Norwegian sports club from Flå, Melhus, Sør-Trøndelag. It has sections for association football, team handball and Nordic skiing.
It was founded on 14 July 1947 as a merger of "IL Urd" (founded 1894) and the workers' sports club "AIL Frigg". Since 1953 it has lost sections for track and field and orienteering.
The men's football team played in the Third Division, the fourth tier of Norwegian football in 1992 and from 2002 to 2008. The team now plays in the Fourth Division.

</doc>
<doc id="30963615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963615" title="Eettillam">
Eettillam

Eettillam () is 1983 Malayalam film written and directed by Fazil, starring Nedumudi Venu, Mammootty, Bharath Gopi, Menaka, Jalaja and Kalaranjini in the lead roles.

</doc>
<doc id="30963623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963623" title="Jacek Piekara">
Jacek Piekara

Jacek Piekara (May 19, 1965 in Kraków, Poland) is a Polish fantasy writer. He has published numerous novels and short stories. He is best known for his stories about inquisitor Mordimer Madderdin, which as of 2011 are collected in seven books.

</doc>
<doc id="30963652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963652" title="Courtney Johnson (water polo)">
Courtney Johnson (water polo)

Courtney Johnson (born May 7, 1974 in Salt Lake City) is an American water polo player, who competed in the 2000 Olympics where women's water polo made its debut. She won a silver medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics. She competed at the 1998 World Championships in Perth, Australia and the 2001 World Championships In Fukuoka, Japan. She won a silver medal at the 1999 Pan American Games in Winnipeg, Canada.
Courtney Johnson attended the University of California, Berkeley. She competed on University of California, Berkeley's first Varsity Women's Water Polo team in 1996. She was coached by soon to be Olympic teammate Maureen Mendoza and led the team to a second place finish at the Collegiate National Championship Tournament. Johnson was named the Collegiate National Championship Most Valuable Player. She was also honored as the MPSF Northern Division Player of the Year, Western Regional Most Valuable Player and NCAA First Team All-American. She was named the Daily Californian Female Athlete of the Year. Johnson was the Most Valuable Player for the California Golden Bears for three-straight years (1994–96). In 2010 Johnson was inducted in the University of California Hall of Fame. 
After graduating from the University of California, Berkeley in 1996, Johnson attended law school at Duquesne University School of Law in Pittsburgh, PA. She used her final year of college eligibility and competed on the Duquesne University Swim Team during the 1996-1997 season. Johnson then transferred to Santa Clara University School of Law where she graduated in 2001. During law school Johnson was the volunteer assistant coach at Stanford University. She was on the coaching staff for the inaugural NCAA Women's Water Polo Championship in 1999. She is currently a member of the California State Bar. 
Courtney Johnson was a member of the United States Olympic Committee Athletes' Advisory Council from 2000-2008. She served on the United States Olympic Committee AAC Leadership Group from 2004-2008. She was a member of the USOC/NCAA Joint Task Force in 2004 and a member of the USOC Governance Task Force in 2010. Johnson is currently serving on the United States Olympic Committee Nominating and Governance Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="30963653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963653" title="Dykersburg, Illinois">
Dykersburg, Illinois

Dykersburg is an unincorporated community in eastern Williamson County, Illinois in what is now Crab Orchard Precinct. It was also known as Absher, though that name had fallen into disuse by the mid 20th Century.
The post office was established as Absher on 27 July 1892 and named for the first postmaster, William A. Absher. The name changed to Dykersburg on 10 September 1898. The following spring on 17 April 1899, it changed back to Absher. It discontinued operations on 14 April 1908. Residents are now served by post office at Stonefort.
The community is now served by the Crab Orchard Community Unit School District #3, the Crab Orchard Public Library District and the Williamson County Fire Protection District.

</doc>
<doc id="30963656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963656" title="2011 European Athletics U23 Championships">
2011 European Athletics U23 Championships

The 8th European Athletics U23 Championships were held on 14–17 July 2011 in the Městský stadion in Ostrava, Czech Republic.
Women's Results.
Notes: Darya Pizhankova of Ukraine originally won three medals in 100 m, 200 m and 4 x 100 m relay but was later disqualified for doping and stripped of medals. Ulyana Lepska who also ran in the winning relay was found guilty of the same offence. 
Yelena Arzhakova of Russia originally won two gold medals in the 800 m and 1500 m, but was later disqualified for doping and stripped of medals. The medal standings and record have been updated to reflect the reallocation of those medals.

</doc>
<doc id="30963679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963679" title="Courtney Johnson">
Courtney Johnson

Courtney Johnson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30963683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963683" title="2011 European Athletics Junior Championships">
2011 European Athletics Junior Championships

The 21st European Athletics Junior Championships were held between 21 and 24 July 2011 in the Kadrioru Stadium in Tallinn, Estonia.
Participating nations.
954 athletes from 47 countries participating in championships.

</doc>
<doc id="30963691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963691" title="Amber and Green">
Amber and Green

Amber and Green is an album by David Hopkins, released in 2005. It was self produced. All songs were written by David Hopkins. Strings and synths were arranged by David Hopkins.
The title track reached the Irish Top 40 chart.
Critical reception.
The record was released to largely positive critical and fan reaction. "Hot Press" gave the record 4.5/5 stars, calling it "Intimate, Intelligent, Intoxicating...". They also made the title track the "Single of the Issue". RTE Radio was more critical and only gave the album 3/5 stars, but said "Not even a soon-to-expire walkman can take away from some of the moments on Hopkins' full length debut". "The Sunday Times" said "In its jauntier moments the album recalls Big Star or even Abbey Road-era Beatles, as well as evoking more predictable influences such as Bob Dylan and Jeff Buckley". Both "The Irish Times" and "Entertainment.ie" gave it 4/5, with the latter lauding Hopkins by stating "we can see that behind the hype there was always a rock-solid talent" and the former calling it "both reassuringly familiar and consistently surprising". "The Irish Times" also called the title track single and b-sides "charming, folksy ditties that should appeal to Damien Rice and Nick Drake fans. He definitely shouldn't wait another 15 years for the next one" (3/5).

</doc>
<doc id="30963697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963697" title="Imperial Philanthropic Society">
Imperial Philanthropic Society

Imperial Philanthropic Society (Императорское Человеколюбивое общество) — was the largest charity at Russian Empire. Philanthropic Society was founded on 16 May 1802 by Emperor Alexander I of Russia. Motto "Love Thy Neighbour as Thyself".

</doc>
<doc id="30963705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963705" title="Hommelvik IL">
Hommelvik IL

Hommelvik Idrettslag is a Norwegian sports club from Hommelvik, Sør-Trøndelag. It has sections for association football, team handball, basketball, track and field and Nordic skiing.
It was founded on 15 September 1924, and was a member of the Workers' Confederation of Sports. In 1953 it had no basketball section, but since then it has lost sections for speed skating, swimming and cycling.
The men's football team played in the Third Division, the fourth tier of Norwegian football in 2000. The team now plays in the Fifth Division.

</doc>
<doc id="30963730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963730" title="Masterblazer">
Masterblazer

Masterblazer is a 1990 computer game developed by Rainbow Arts and published by LucasArts.
It is the sequel and remake of the 1984 game "Ballblazer". Played out like a futuristic sport, the playing field is a large rectangle made out of squares. A Plasmorb ball must be moved into a goal as many times as possible within the course of three minutes. This is accomplished by using a Rotofoil vehicle. This game even allows Rotofoils to race against each other (basically a normal game but without the ball).

</doc>
<doc id="30963746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963746" title="Wife selling">
Wife selling

Wife selling included the practice of husbands selling their wives, such as to cause divorces, and included sales by parties outside the marriages, such as in chattel slavery.
Wife sale has been found in many societies over many centuries and occasionally into modern times, some loci including the United States (including in Hawaii among the Japanese, among Indians in the Gallinomero, Yurok, Carolina, and Florida tribes and in the Pacific Northwest, and among natives on Kodiak Island in what is now Alaska), Colombia, England, Australia (among aborigines), Denmark (possibly), Hungary, France, Germany, India, Japan, Malaya (among Chinese laborers), Thailand (at least permitted), Northern Asia (among the Samoyads), Asia Minor (among the Yourouk), Kafiristan, Indonesia (albeit not outright), Tanganyika, Congo, Bamum, Central Africa (among the Baluba), Zambia, South Africa (among Chinese laborers), Burkina Faso, Ethiopia, Abyssinia, Egypt, Lombardy, ancient Rome (sometimes as a legal fiction and sometimes as actual), ancient Greece, and ancient Emar (of Syria). In Rwanda, it was the subject of a wartime accusation. Specific bans existed in Thailand, Indonesia, ancient Rome, and ancient Israel and partial bans existed in England and Japan. Wife sale was a topic of popular culture in India, the U.S., China, Scandinavia, Nepal, Guatemala, and the Dutch Indies. It has been found under several major religions, including Christianity and Islam.
It has had numerous purposes; and in not all sources is "wife sale" defined. Sometimes, a wife was sold by a husband to a new husband as a means of divorce, in which case sometimes the wife was able to choose who would be her new husband, provided she chose within a certain time period, and especially if the wife was young and sexually attractive. In some societies, the wife could buy her own way out of a marriage or either spouse could have initiated this form of divorce. Reducing a husband's liability for family support and prenuptial debts was another reason for wife sale. Taxes had to be paid sometimes by selling a wife and children, especially when taxes were too high to permit basic survival. Famine leading to starvation was a reason for some sales. Gambling debts could be paid by selling a free or slave wife. A society might not allow a woman the rights reserved to men regarding spouse sale and a society might deny her any rights if her husband chose to sell her, even a right of refusal. A divorce by mutual consent but without good faith by the wife at times caused the divorce to be void and she could then be sold. A husband might sell his wife and then go to court seeking compensation for the new man's adultery with the wife. By one law, adultery was given as a justification for a husband selling his wife into concubinage. A free wife might be sold into slavery, such as if she had married a serf or her husband had been murdered. Sometimes, a slave-master sold an enslaved wife. Enslaved families were often broken up and wives, husbands, and children sold to separate buyers, often never to see each other again, and a threat to sell a wife was used to keep an enslaved husband under a master's discipline. In wartime, one side might, possibly falsely, accuse the other of wife sale as a method of spying. A wife could also be treated as revenue and seized by the local government because a man had died leaving no heirs. "Wife sale" was sometimes the description for the sale of a wife's services; it might be for a term of years followed by freedom. If a sale was temporary, in some cases wife sale was considered temporary only in that the sold-and-remarried wife would, upon her death, be reunited with her first husband.
Constraints existed in law and practice and there were criticisms. Some societies specifically forbade wife sales, even imposing death upon husbands violating the law, but a legal proscription was sometimes avoided or evaded, such as by arranging an adoption with a payment and an outcome similar to that of a sale. A society might tax or fine a wife sale without banning it. The nearness of a foreign military sometimes constrained a master in a slave sale that otherwise would have divided a family. Among criticisms, some of the sales (not of services alone but entirely of wives) have been likened to sales of horses. Wives for sale were treated like capital assets or commodities. One law made wives into husbands' chattels. Other sales were described as brutal, patriarchal, and feudalistic. Wife sales were equated with slavery. One debate about the whole of Africa was whether Africans viewed the practice as no crime at all or as against what Africans thought valuable and dear. Some modern popular songs against wife sale are vehicles for urban antipoverty and feminist organizing for rights. A story in a popular collection written by a feminist was about a suggestion for wife sale and the wife's objection to discussing it followed by no wife sale occurring. Another story is about a feminist advocate for justice in which a husband is censored or censured for selling his wife in a gamble.
History and practice.
England.
Divorce.
The English custom of wife selling largely began in the late 17th century when divorce was a practical impossibility for all but the very wealthiest. In the ritualized form, after parading his wife with a halter around her neck, arm, or waist, a husband would publicly auction her to the highest bidder. Although the custom had no basis in law and frequently resulted in prosecution, particularly from the mid-19th century onwards, the attitude of the authorities was equivocal. At least one early 19th-century magistrate is on record as stating that he did not believe he had the right to prevent wife sales, and there were cases of local Poor Law Commissioners forcing husbands to sell their wives, rather than having to maintain the family in workhouses. The English custom of wife selling spread to Wales, Scotland, Australia, and the United States before dying out in the early 20th century.
United States.
In 1781, in South Carolina, a "Bill of Sale" of a "Wife and Property" for "Two Dollars and half Dozen Bowls of Grogg", the buyer "to have my said Wife for ever and a Day", is, according to Richard B. Morris, "unique of its kind". According to Morris, "although the administration of the law was in a somewhat unsettled state during this ["British"] military occupation Charleston, neither at common law nor under the marriage laws then in force in South Carolina would the sale of a wife have been valid". The document likely was a way, wrote Morris, for "dissolving the marriage bond" since the state forbade divorce "and the marriage laws of the Church of England were widely disregarded among the poorer whites and in the back country", but it could also have been intended to reduce the husband's liability for debts for support of the wife and her children and for her pre-wedding debts, while it was unlikely to have been for the sale of a Black slave or an indentured servant, though being for the sale of an Indian woman or a mestizo, while unlikely, was not impossible.
Indians and other natives.
The Carolina tribe of American Indians, according to William Christie MacLeod, as reported in 1925, engaged in debtor slavery, where "slave" is defined by the Carolinas as "that which is obsequiously to depend on the master for subsistence". According to MacLeod quoting J. Lawson, "if a man takes a widow ... laden with her husband's debts, she seems to have some of the attributes of a chattel, although also a wife. Her husband may ... '... take her for his money paid to her deceased husband's creditors, and sell her to another for his wife, "had seen several of these bargains driven in a day", and "said you may see men selling their wives as men do horses at a fair, a man being allowed not only to change as often as he pleases but likewise to have as many wives as he is able to maintain."
According to George Elliott Howard, as published in 1904, "if dissatisfied with his wife, the young Gallinomero of may 'strike a bargain with another man' and sell her 'for a few strings of shell-money.
Also according to Howard, as published in 1904, "among the California Yurok 'divorce is very easily accomplished at the will of the husband, the only indispensable formality being that he must receive back from his father-in-law the money which he paid for his spouse.'
In the late 17th–mid 18th centuries, among some Indian tribes of the Pacific Northwest, according to Elsie Frances Dennis, two Indians of unspecified tribe or tribes had been killed and "the widow and two daughters of one were wailing, for they were to be sold as slaves." Not all tribes of the region and time sold wives; according to Dennis, "Ross said that he never knew a single instance in which a Chinook or one of the neighboring tribes ever sold his wife".
In 1802–1803, among native people on Kodiak (Kad'iak) Island, in present-day Alaska and that was then part of Russia, according to Gavriil Ivanovich Davydov, "marital fidelity is not always considered a virtue by the islanders ["Koniagas"], and in many cases a husband will sell his wife for a small present."
In Florida, apparently "ca." in the 16th century, according to an unnamed "eye-witness", among Florida Indians, "the ruler has power to give or rather to sell wives to those desirous of marriage."
People of African descent.
According to W. R. Riddell, "a ... man with some Negro blood ... had a ... daughter ... showing little trace of Negro origin. It was understood that she would marry no one but a white man, and that the father was willing to give her a handsome dowry on such a marriage. A person of pure Caucasian stock from the Southern States came to Toronto, wooed and won her. They were married and the husband took his bride to his home in the South. Not long afterwards the father was horrified to learn that the plausible scoundrel had sold his wife as a slave. He at once went South and after great exertion and much expense, he succeeded in bringing back to his house the unhappy woman, the victim of brutal treachery."
Not all people of African descent in the New York City area in 1776–1783 were slaves. In some cases, records may not reveal their status. A "group of black men ... being "court martial[led" for] killing a white slaveowner (who had just sold the wife of one of the accused in New York City)".
In 1863, William W. Ryan, II, who had opposed slavery and secession and had enlisted into Union military service, was discharged from the military. According to his daughter, Margaret Ryan Kelley, he came home and "brought with him a negro named August", whom he paid. According to her, August said, "his white folks ... had sold his wife 'down the river.' It was a source of constant grief for him... When he had $200, he intended to return to Virginia and find his people."
Black slavery.
Cases were reported from different states. A slave born in North Carolina who moved 50 miles recalled that, while she was between 5 and 8 years old, here, he who sold my mother to New Orleans, leaving my father at home.' ... Her master moved to Alabama, and died ..., leaving behind unpaid bills and seven slaves, all of whom a sheriff sold, save for her father", according to Daniel Meaders. According to Isaac Johnson, in childhood a slave, his "mother was stolen ... from ... Madagascar", "given" to Johnson's grandfather, evaluated as a "servant", and "bequeathed" to Johnson's father in Kentucky and Johnson's father "used Jane in all respects as a wife and she, in her innocence, supposed she was such." In "ca." 1851, Johnson's father, who had decided to move and therefore to sell his "farm and stock", ordered the sale of Johnson's mother and her children. No bids were offered for the mother with a 2-year-old child, but when they were separated she was sold for $1,100. Thomas Hughes, according to Meaders and Hopper, was a slave "who had apparently taken a large sum of money" from his Louisiana master and left, after which he was tried and sentenced. During his imprisonment, the master visited him, brought Hughes' wife, and promised that if Thomas Hughes went south the master would manumit her' and would not 'attempt to make a slave of him. But, according to Meaders and Hopper, they reached Baltimore, ... master had sold his wife, and intended to make a slave of him' ... Hughes left". An "old slave" from "near Memphis" told a soldier (Chauncey H. Cooke) that "his master sold his wife and children to a cotton planter in Alabama to pay his gambling debts, and when he told his master he couldn't stand it, he was tied to the whipping post stripped and given 40 lashes. The next night he ran to the swamps. The bloodhounds were put on his track and caught him ... This happened in sight of Nashville, the capital of Tennessee. I told this to some of the boys and they said it was all bosh, that the niggers were lying to me. But this story was just like the ones in "Uncle Tom's Cabin" and I believe them. And father knows of things very much like this that are true." According to Mark P. Leone, reviewing a modern-day historical exhibition in Virginia of Carter's Grove plantation, a "slave overseer was kept in place with threats to sell his wife".
On the other hand, during the American Revolution, "blacks who remained with their owners found that with the British army so near, they had leverage with their masters they had never before enjoyed." An "advertisement announced the sale of a young Negro woman with four children. 'They are not sold for any fault,' claimed the seller, but because the woman had a husband in town and the mistress did not want to part them. While it is entirely possible that the owner acted out of humanitarian motivation, her liberality may have been influenced by her slave's enhanced chances for successful flight."
Hawaii, among Japanese immigrants.
Japanese immigration to Hawaii was promoted during the late 19th century, but their number included a low proportion of women. The first generation of Japanese immigrants to the islands (Issei) lived at a distance from their original communities. According to Eileen Tamura, this isolation, combined with failure of the expectation of earning enough to return, resulted in a temporary disintegration of social norms, and the disintegration led to wife-selling. The sheriff of the island of Hawaii, E. G. Hitchcock, wrote in 1892 that "I wish to call your attention to the fact, more or less prevalent on this island, of the Japanese selling their wives or mistresses to each other." In 1901 and 1904, the sheriff of Maui wrote that "In connection with Japanese the custom they have of trafficing in their women, buying and selling their wives is an evil that should be looked into," and proposed that laws explicitly prohibiting wife-selling be enacted. In a personal narrative related by Joan Hori, the question "Why would anyone want a second-hand wife?" was posed; the response was that the prospect of a wife already present in the islands was more certain than that of a picture bride.
China.
The Chinese custom of wife selling or 'selling a divorce' () has a long history, spanning both the Imperial and Modern eras.
Historic.
According to 14th-century scholar Wei Su quoted by Paul J. Smith, "early in the dynasty, ... the system for assessing taxes and labor services was based ... on household size. As a result ... the poor got even poorer. Poor folk sold their wives and children to meet their payments to the state".
The earliest documented ban of the practice appears in Yuan Dynasty law dating to the 14th century. At that time, two types of wife selling were recognized, both considered illegal. The first type was when a husband sold his wife to a man with whom she had been committing adultery. The second type was when a husband sold his wife because she had betrayed him or because they were no longer able to get along. During the Ming Dynasty, it was gradually established that only wife selling which was motivated by adultery should be punished. By 1568, wife selling was explicitly authorized by the law in several circumstances. Authorized wife selling was preserved by Qing Dynasty lawmakers, as was the prohibition against selling a wife to her lover.
Famines are related to wife sale. In 1834, about Kiang-si province, the missionary Mathieu-Ly said of "starvation ... crops have been swept away by the inundation of the rivers... [Some people ... eat ... earth ... The people first sold their wives, then sons and daughters, then their utensils and furniture; finally they demolished their houses in order to dispose of the timber." A 19th-century source characterized the practice as conventional among the lower classes in China: "The poorer people take their wives for an agreed term, and buy and sell them at pleasure."
According to Howard, as published in 1904, "by Chinese law ... when the wife is guilty of adultery ... the woman not be slain, ... the husband may ... sell her as a concubine, provided he has not pandered to the crime or does not sell her to the guilty man."
Also according to Howard, as published in 1904, in China, "a marriage may be dissolved by mutual agreement" "but the agreement ... must be in good faith. Should the wife plan the divorce so as to form a punishable relation with another man, it is void, and the husband msy ... sell her to another as in the case of unfaithfulness".
In 1928–1930, in Shensi, there was a famine and, according to a local newspaper and Leonard T. K. Wu, peasants who "had already mortgaged and sold all their lands on which they formerly made a living" then sold their wives.
Contemporary.
As the Chinese Communist Party came to power in 1949, wife selling was prohibited and the government took measures to eradicate the practice. During the famines caused by the Great Leap Forward, wife selling occurred in many of the poorer areas. As of 1997, the custom was still occasionally reported in some rural areas of the country.
Japan.
In Tokugawa Japan (1600–1868), according to J. Mark Ramseyer and Takeyoshi Kawashima, "men routinely sold their wives and children or rented them long-term ... this was endemic to the brutality of Asiatic patriarchal feudalism". Ramseyer continued, "sales and adoptions were transfers in perpetuity", the difference being that sales were sometimes legally banned so that adoptions were likely used as an alternative to like effect, with payment in a like direction. Sales were essentially into slavery. Published sales and adoptions known to Ramseyer totalled 52 contracts in 1601–1860, of the 52 35 being of females and 17 being of males, transfers including children, depending on each contract. After 1740, sale "contracts ... largely disappeared", largely because of a growing demand for nonagricultural labor, making absconding or running away easier and more profitable.
India.
In 16th–17th-century Mughal India, according to Irfan Habib, although imperial regulations limited state revenue demands to approximately that which would permit the peasantry to survive, the local collectors often lacked willingness to comply, "violated or evaded" the regulations, and overestimated peasants' ability to pay. Despite at least one order that  ... the seizure and sale of the women and children of the combatants", "frequently ... peasants were compelled to sell their women, children and cattle in order to meet the revenue demand... But the enslavement was not generally so voluntary as even this. 'Villages', we are told, 'which owing to some shortage of produce, are unable to pay the full amount of the revenue-farm, are made prize, so to speak, by their masters and governors, and wives and children sold on the pretext of a charge of rebellion'... 'They (the peasants) are carried off, attached to heavy iron chains, to various markets and fairs (to be sold), with their poor, unhappy wives behind them carrying their small children in their arms, all crying and lamenting their evil plight.To like effect but briefer: Islam, Riazul, title unknown, in "Bulletin of the School of Oriental and African Studies, University of London", vol. 28, no. 1 (1965), as accessed June 8, 2012, 1:13 p.m., p. 173, col. 1 (review) (in "JStor" (database) (subscription may be required)).</ref>
Also, in Bengal, in approximately the same time period, according to Habib, "if any peasant or stranger died without leaving a son "died without heirs" ... his wife and daughters were seized a "source of revenue" for the benefit, depending upon the locality, of the ... ["imperial treasury"], the ... "potentate" or the 'dominant ... ["vassal chief", "landlord", or "chief"]'." This practice, called "ankora", may have been abolished.
As reported in 1897 by William Lee-Warner, "husbands sold their wives from motives of enmity as well as gain. The selling price of girls and women was at all times from four to ten times greater than that of males."
In the Western Punjab, in or before 1911, according to A. J. O'Brien, among Muslims, a man "proceeded to sell his wife" to a member of another tribe and a dispute developed on other grounds and was resolved in which "the right of disposal by relatives was freely admitted".
In 2009, there were reports of impoverished farmers in the Bundelkhand region of India selling their wives to settle debts; the frequency of such cases is unknown.
Africa.
In Africa generally, according to Parker Shipton in 1990, "husbands sometimes sell wives famines or food shortages, but not vice versa". On the other hand, responding to a charge by David Hume that Africans "think it no crime to sell one another", African philosopher Ottobah Cugoano wrote, "nothing could be more opposite to everything that they hold dear and valuable".
In northern Tanganyika, in the Masai district, in 1955, according to Robert F. Gray, the Sonjo transfer "wives—that is to say, wife rights". Among the Sonjo, wrote Gray, "a lively system of economic exchange ... also encompasses the sale and purchase of rights in women, who in their economic aspects are dealt with much like other commodities." According to Gray, "when a husband dies, his wife rights are inherited by his eldest surviving brother. In this respect wives are dealt with in a different manner from other forms of property ... A brother may take the widow as his wife ... A brother may also sell the wife rights in the widow to another man, but in order to understand this transaction we must consider a mystical aspect of Sonjo marriage. It is believed that when a married person dies he will ultimately be reunited with his spouse in the spirit world. This belief is expressed in a myth: In former times the dead sometimes returned to earth to help their relatives here, but the last spirit to so materialize on earth was insulted and vowed that thereafter the dead would remain forever in the spirit world; she explained before departing that the spirits of dead husband and wives waited in the spirit world for their spouses to die, and were then reunited with them there. This belief has a practical bearing on bride-price transactions. Thus when a husband dies, the brother who inherits the widow may sell his rights in her to another man for the fixed price of thirty goats. This relatively small sum of less than half the woman's normal bride-price is explained by the belief in spirit marriage, for the new husband only acquires full wife rights in the woman in this world; after she dies she will rejoin her original husband in the spirit world. A second husband loses possession of her ghost. [¶] This reduced bride-price for a widow cannot be explained as resulting from a deterioration in her value as a wife." In case of divorce, stated Gray, a "husband exchanges his wife rights with another man for a sum of goats. It is convenient to say that he 'sells' his wife, because the form of the transaction is basically the same as those in which he exchanges or sells other goods. Thus a young wife is treated economically as a commodity. Later in life she outgrows this status, partly because her sexual attractions wane, but of more importance is the fact that her children grow up and are betrothed ... This stabilizes her position in the community". Gray continued, a "young woman's value as a wife is not generally thought to be depreciated just because she was previously married, and a husband in selling a wife attempts to regain the same bride-price that he paid for her, which was originally based mainly on the social status of her parental family ... the price subject to supply and demand ... restrictions limit the probability of finding a buyer in the same village ... After a buyer has been found, the wife is always given a grace period for finding a more desirable second husband before she is required to marry the man found by her husband. No physical coercion on the part of the husband is involved in the sale of a wife. The compulsive factor resides in the social structure, in which there is no regular position except as a wife for a young woman who was once married. However, a Sonjo husband has a special power, sanctioned by the community, over a wife whom he wishes to sell: if no acceptable buyer can be found within the tribe, he can sell her to the Masai, whose demands for Sonjo women and children seem to provide an unfailing market." Gray wrote, "if a woman ... behaves so as to make herself unsatisfactory as a wife she may induce her husband to sell her to another man of her choice, and thus has some means of protecting her own interest. This system of wife purchase is quite flexible in operation and seems to allow a woman as much freedom of choice—admittedly little—as is found in most other African societies." According to Gray, "children ... stay with their mother ... when she is sold and are adopted by her new husband." Gray wrote, "only young wives, childless or with young children, are normally considered saleable, and the price paid usually equals or is near the original bride-price, though that is never exceeded. In at least one case an older woman ["of about forty" was sold by her husband for a considerably reduced price." Gray continued, "in these divorces ... payment is made ... only to her original husband to her father. The village council, however, levies a tax of seven goats on these transactions ... This fee or tax is no doubt indicative of some underlying disapproval of the selling of wives. Most of these goats, like those collected in fines, are sacrificed ... When wives are exchanged rather than sold, the tax is only four goats ..., which accords with the general opinion that exchanging wives is preferable to selling them."
In East Congo, among the Baguha, as reported in 1926 by Melville J. Herskovitz, if a bride-price is given at marriage and, for a reason, returnable but "is not returned, the man may sell his wife to recover the amount he gave for her, a custom distinctly not East African."
In Bamum, a kingdom, in what is now Cameroon, in the 19th–20th centuries, according to Aboubakar Njiasse Njoya, "in rare cases, ... when a husband was no longer on good terms with his freeborn wife, for whom he had paid a very high brideprice, he simply sold her without informing his parents-in-law." According to Njiasse Njoya, a minority of slaves "were a product of ... disgruntled or dissatisfied husbands." Thus, a freeborn wife was sold into slavery when her husband was no longer on good terms with her. A "slave" is defined by Njiasse Njoya as "a human being who has been deprived of his freedom and is totally in the possession of his master or state, who uses him at will." A French administrator in 1919 "explained to ["the king" the French decree ... which prohibited slavery... demanded [of the king that husbands cease selling their wives when they no longer satisfy them".
"The Baluba the south-east in Central Africa in the 1880s ... do not understand that there is any wrong in selling their wives and children; as these are property they consider themselves entitled to dispose of them at their pleasure", according to Ludwig Wolf, whose expedition met the Baluba "ca." or after November, 1884, and in 1885. Wolf continued, "since the Baluba have come into contact with the Kioque and Bangala, trading tribes from the Lunda country and from Kuango, they are getting provided with guns and powder, for which they barter children, girls, and even their own wives." Wolf argued to a Baluba chief "how wrong it was to sell their own wives, ... the chief said, rather in confidence, that they only sold their troublesome wives out of the country, never the good ones." (The Baluba, said Wolf, distinguished "between domestic slaves and slaves for export ... which latter are usually troublesome individuals whom they want to get rid of.")
In Southern Zambia, among the Toka, in the early 20th century, according to Gisela Geisler, "often women were ... hired out or even 'sold' against payment of cash to interested men by their own husbands." Geisler continued, "migrant labourers and African public servants ... had a particular interest in 'temporary marriages ...' ... granted them unlimited access to the domestic and sexual services ... [and they must have been ... fairly common in Livingstone". Geisler continued, "while these practices offered single women some possibilities of survival in town, ... they also meant that women could take on the character of moveable capital assets in the hands of men." In the British colonial court established in 1906, "men who claimed to be 'legal' husbands accused 'temporary' husbands of adultery and demanded compensation, particularly if the bartered woman refused to return to her original husband. In one such case, a 'husband' demanded compensation from a 'temporary' husband because the latter had extended the agreed upon time with the former's wife without paying further monies... Another man, who had sold his wife temporarily to a Lozi, demanded a court order for the return of his wife as well as outstanding payments... Other husbands accused their wives in court of having misappropriated payments from their 'temporary' husbands." In a 1910 case, Geisler reported, a man objected that his daughter's husband "had sold her to another man", not because the father, who was a headman, was "concerned about the moral issue", but because "he had not been paid bridewealth from the new husband." Geisler also reported, in 1912 a rural Toka man's brother had died and the man had inherited his brother's wife and "he had passed the wife on to another man against payment ..., was the exact sum his late brother had paid ... new husband had sold the woman to yet another man" and a fresh payment was demanded. Geisler found another complication: After the court revised how it dealt with adultery, partly by forcing a divorce on the husband who was suing, and until "the enactment of the Native Court Ordinance of 1929," "husbands, who had previously tried to profit financially from in effect selling their wives to other men and then charging them for adultery compensation before the urban court, now had to fear that bringing such charges might well imply that they lost their wife, the main asset for further deals of the kind." Geisler wrote, "women ... never had access to the money and goods that passed among the hands of men for rights over them, and ... they were not concerned about morality, [so women could the passage of the 1929 law to a certain extent move between men on their own accord and in their own right."
In South Africa, among Chinese laborers in 1904–1910, according to Gary Kynoch, gambling was "prolific" and unpaid debts often led to suicide and sales of wives and children.
In what is now western Burkina Faso, in Souroudougou, in the 1890s, "household heads often resorted to selling their wives and children to passing merchants for cowries or millett, with no option for re-purchase... became actual commodities that were bartered (not loaned) away." In addition, if a family ("a man, his wife and children") went to the countryside, "bandits who ["often"] hid ... would trap the family, and perhaps kill the man. The mother and her children would be sold as slaves."
In Eastern Ethiopia, wives were sold, a practice apart from that of bride price in Africa.
Latin America.
In Colombia under Spanish colonial rule, particularly in 1750–1826, according to David L. Chandler, Spanish law "allowed slaves to marry and establish a family even against the master's wishes ... and prohibited ... family's separation through sale... of the slave family was not very common." If a slave couple was broken up by the sale of one spouse out of an area, Chandler wrote, the other spouse, even after 10 years, could petition a court to allow the latter slave to find a buyer so the couple could reunite; such cases, in which the wife was sold first and the husband second, were litigated in 1802 and 1806. In 1808, reported Chandler, a master had sold a slave husband to another master; after a dispute between the slaves and the selling master, the master who sold the husband was subsequently ordered by a court to sell the slave's wife to the other master as well, so the slave family would be able to live together and not merely have visits; and the court order was complied with.
Ancient Rome.
In ancient Rome, the 'power of life and killing' ("vitae necisque potestas", more commonly 'power of life and death') was vested in the husband over his wife in some circumstances, the husband being the "pater familias" or 'head of the household'.  According to Richard P. Saller, "pater familias" more frequently meant 'owner of an estate' regardless of family relations. Saller, Richard P., Pater Familias, Mater Familias", and the Gendered Semantics of the Roman Household", in "Classical Philology", vol. 94, no. 2 (April, 1999), pp. 182–183, 190, 192, & 196–197 (author Saller of Univ. of Chicago) (in "JStor" (database) (subscription may be required)). Thus, a "pater familias" could be female. Saller, Richard P., Pater Familias, Mater Familias", and the Gendered Semantics of the Roman Household", "op. cit.", pp. 185 & 189.</ref> According to Keith Bradley, Augustine wrote that "there was a man (a Christian at that) who had sold his wife into slavery because he preferred to have the cash". According to Edward Gibbon, in the earlier period of Eastern Roman society, a husband could sell his wife, because she was counted among his children and he could sell them. According to Bruce W. Frier and Thomas A.J. McGinn, "it was apparently illegal for a husband to sell his wife in "manus", to give her in adoption, or to execute her even for serious misconduct without first consulting a "consilium" of relatives", thus possibly lawful after the "consilium". However, according to Paul du Plessis, "the husband did not have the power of life and death over his wife; nor could he sell her into slavery..." According to Frier and McGinn, a wife had a socially respected position as "mater familias", "although ... her position was weak in law". According to Jane F. Gardner, "over a wife in free marriage ... ["her husband"] had no "potestas" at all."  "Potestas" relevantly defined as 'power': "Oxford Latin Dictionary", "op. cit."</ref> However, according to Mireille Corbier, "in the framework of free marriage, a practice that became frequent in the late republican period, the wife ... remained in her father's familia."
Babylon.
In Babylon, in "ca." the 1700s BC, the law that applied was King Hammurabi's Code. According to Étan Levine, "Hammurabi law ... permitted a wife to be sold to pay her husband's debts", although an earlier view (possibly outdated or not agreed with by all scholars) was that the law may have been relatively limited, providing only that the wife sale was limited to the sale of her services, Theophile J. Meek arguing in 1948 that the law should be "translated somewhat as follows: ... § 117: 'If an obligation came due against a seignior and he accordingly sold (the services of) his wife ... they ["e.g.", "his wife"] shall work (in) the house of their purchaser or obligee for three years, with their freedom re-established in the fourth year and another view was that the law created an indenture, not a sale, being for a limited duration. Specifically, according to Ernst J. Cohn in 1938, "if a man contracted a debt and sold his wife, son or daughter or gave them to work it off, 'for three years they work in the house of their buyer or exploiter and in the fourth year he shall restore them to their former condition.Information without quotation and with other differences:    Giesebrecht, Friedrich, "The Moral Level of the Old Testament Scriptures", in "The American Journal of Theology", vol. 11, no. 1 (January, 1907), as accessed June 9, 2012, 4:01 p.m., p. 41 and see p. 40 (author Giesebrecht of Königsberg, Germany) (in "JStor" (database) (subscription may be required)), citing "Codex Hammurabi", § 117.    Lemche, Niels Peter, Andurārum" and "Mīšarum": Comments on the Problem of Social Edicts and Their Application in the Ancient Near East", in "Journal of Near Eastern Studies", vol. 38, no. 1 (January, 1979), as accessed June 13, 2012, 10:51 a.m., p. 20 & n. 59 (author Lemche of Univ. of Aarhus, Denmark) (in "JStor" (database) (subscription may be required)).</ref>
International theology.
Islam.
In Islam, by the Hanafi school of thought, according to Laleh Bakhtiar, a husband may say to his wife, for example, "I sell you to yourself for so much", and she may reply, "I purchase". According to Howard, as published in 1904, "under the existing law of Islam the woman has gained a limited right of divorce... may buy her release; and in this case 'a restoration of the marriage bond is impossible. According to Harald Motzki in 2003, of 4 forms of divorce permitted by the Qurʾān, one is divorce by the wife "bargaining for it" from her husband. No source found reports that Islam requires that a wife must be sold or that this form of divorce is required. Other forms of divorce exist. No source found reports that the payment in this form of divorce must be spent for any specific post-divorce purpose, such as child support or alimony, or that it need be a property settlement beyond the terms of the agreement.
As reported by Bakhtiar, comparing 5 branches of Muslim teaching, all 5 branches agree that a wife may pay "consideration" or, by 4 of the 5 schools, a third party may pay "ransom" to her husband for a divorce, the branches differing under some circumstances, such as on validity if the wife is pregnant. Divorce, according to Bakhtiar, of the form where "the wife pays her husband the consideration to divorce her" and when there is "mutual agreement to this kind of divorce" is, by 4 of the 5 schools, while "valid", "not recommended."
According to Bakhtiar, a 'divorce for a consideration' is called a "khul" (according to Howard, her release" is "by the form called "chol"") and, by 4 out of 5 schools of thought, a variety of wordings, both explicit and implicit, may be used to pronounce such a divorce, such as "al-khul", the Jafaris also accepting "al-talaq", the Hanafi and Shafii schools accepting "al-bay", meaning 'to sell', and Hanafis accepting "al-shira", meaning 'to purchase'.
Bakhtiar says the schools of thought are followed in certain countries and regions:
Christianity.
In the Christian Church, according to Frederik Pijper in 1909, "one way "become a slave" was by selling oneself because of poverty. It might so happen that a married pair sank into such need that the husband was compelled to sell himself, and did so with his wife's consent. In this way he secured sustenance for himself, and with the purchase-money he was in a position to keep his wife from starving. Sometimes the conditions were reversed, and the wife sold herself with the same intentions and with her husband's consent. In such cases the marriage was usually dissolved; to be sure the Church opposed this, but could not prevent and therefore yielded to it... A synod at Paris early in the seventh century ordained that freemen who had sold ... themselves should if they repaid the money at once be restored to their former status. To demand back a greater sum than what had been paid for them, was not allowed."
Contrasting women by rank or class and noting which wives were sold and which were not, Pijper wrote of the medieval Church, a "woman of noble rank who had deserted her husband three times was to be put under penance, and was to be prohibited from marrying again; but if she was a woman from the people she must be sold without hope of regaining her freedom."
Other cultures.
Wife selling occurred in Europe in addition to that in Britain:
In Kafiristan, which was east of Afghanistan, in the 19th century, a divorce was "easy" and was done by the husband selling a wife. If a husband died, when the wife or wives "revert" to the husband's family, surviving brothers either "sold or retained" the wives.
In Malaya, Chinese laborers in the 1880s–1890s, according to Kynoch, "were said to have been prolific gamblers ... 'many of those who failed to pay off their gambling debts ... either committed suicide or sold their wives and children to pay off their debts'".
In Thailand, from the mid-13th century until 1932, according to Darunee Tantiwiramanond and Shashi Pandey, because "traditional Thai law ... decreed that women were mere chattels of men" and thus "women were considered part of a man's assets ... and hence were subjected to male overlordship", "a husband or a father could sell his wife or daughter without her consent... The logic of the law, however, did not operate in reverse and did not apply in the case of the wife because she was not a legal entity and had no identity in her own right."
In Northern Asia, according to an 1895 report by Arthur Montefiore, among Samoyads (or "Samoyedi") (who are part of the Ural-Altaic Mongoloids), "husband may commerce with his wife, for marriage is not considered a binding tie. It is not uncommon for a Samoyad to sell his wife to another for the consideration of a few teams of deer, and he sometimes barters her for a lady whose husband may be willing to accept the view that exchange is no robbery."
In the Republic of Vietnam (South Vietnam), Tuân Sắc in 1969 "argued, are those who sell their wives and children for money, even women who sell their husbands for a little spending money (it's all in the newspapers) and posited that such people are not, or are no longer, Vietnamese.
In Indonesia, among the Nias, according to E. M. Loeb citing J. B. Neumann from 1886, a husband was allowed to "pawn ... wife as a pledge for his debts", but not to sell her "outright."
In ancient Emar, Syria, in the late 14th- to early 12th-centuries B.C.E., in the Late Bronze Age, "debtors sold their wives" "into slavery". In or near ancient Emar, according to Gary Beckman, a cuneiform tablet documented an instance of a husband selling his wife "into the service of" another man, for whom she was to be "the servant", "dead or living", with a provision that if she be redeemed the redeemer was to provide "one healthy woman ... in compensation".
A Christian Biblical Old Testament passage describes an event in Egypt as an instance of wife selling. According to Theodore Y. Blumoff, "Genesis" describes "some pretty deplorable characters who do dreadful things to each other ... a candidate for future sanctification selling his wife—not once but twice—to save his own skin and make a buck".
Ambiguous and related reports.
Ancient Rome.
In ancient Rome, in two situations, a "fictitious" sale was an actual procedure. In one, to get rid of a "tutor" (a person responsible for approving of a female's decisions that might, "e.g.", reduce her assets), as a way of getting a replacement "tutor", "the woman a wife undergoes a formal and entirely fictitious 'sale' ("coemptio") in which she sells herself to third party, who then remancipates her to another person, who 'manumits' her and thereafter becomes her "fiduciary guardian" ("tutor fiduciarius"); that is, he replaces her original "tutor"." The procedure was also used for the making of a will when a wife wanted some of her property upon her demise to go not to her birth family but to her husband (and perhaps to her children). "How frequently women made use of ... ["this ["contrived" ceremony"] we have no way of telling, but we often hear of women's wills from years of the late Republic on." "Hadrian (reign: A.D. 117–138) had enacted a decree of the Senate that abolished the need for the 'sale. "Classical law ... usually treat... the sale of free persons as void".
One of three forms of "manus" marriage was "coemptio", which, according to Gary Forsythe, seems to have existed in the mid-5th century BC and into the CE 2nd century. According Gardner and Marcia L. Colish, "coemptio" was in essence a fictitious notional sale of the woman to the husband which could occur at any time during their marriage, thus, if after marriage, a fictitious notional sale of the wife to her own husband. According to du Plessis, "a ceremonial resale of the wife terminated marriage by "coemptio" (and probably by "usus", too)", as a reversal of the marriage procedure.
Theophanes claimed that in the 5th century Theodosius II, emperor of the Eastern Roman Empire, may have been managed or tricked into signing unread a contract "selling" his wife Aelia Eudocia into slavery or giving her to Pulcheria so Pulcheria could sell his wife; after the signing, Pulcheria "gave ... a mighty scolding" and the sale or gift is not known to have occurred.
In ancient Rome, according to Gail Hamilton, Cato gave his wife to Hortensius, who married her, after which, when Hortensius was dying, he left all his property to her and, when she was widowed, Cato remarried her; and Caesar Cato ... having sold his wife for Hortensius's gold."
Medieval Christians.
Regarding a married man's consortium with a slave who may have thereby borne sons, Pijper wrote of medieval Christians, "according to Vinniaus the married freeman who had consorted with a slave should be compelled to sell the woman; if he had one or several sons by her he must set her free, and was not allowed to sell her." Women consorting with churchmen were to be sold by bishops; Pijper reported, "some churchmen, not living in honorable wedlock, consorted with strange women or their own slaves. Bishops were instructed to secure such women and sell them. This hard law was promulgated in Spain, at the beginning of the seventh century." A subdeacon's wife was to be enslaved by a prince, according to Pijper; "if a subdeacon refused to give up his wife, he was to be removed from his ecclesiastical office and benefice. If, however, after being warned by his bishop, he still failed to yield, his wife was to be made a slave by the prince."
The buying the freedom of a slave being from another party's perspective the selling the slave into freedom, the medieval Christian Church permitted the selling into freedom of a slave who was a spouse; according to Pijper, "if ... two slaves were joined in wedlock by their common master, and one of them was thereafter freed, that one was permitted to marry again, if the freedom of the other could not be bought."
Other cultures.
In Asia Minor, administered by Turks, among the Yourouks, as reported in 1891 by Theodore Bent, "on marriage the husband generally pays something to the father, and this has given rise to the idea that the nomads ["Yourouks"] are in the habit of selling their wives for the harems of Constantinople, whereas they are only carrying out their legitimate idea of the marriage contract." On the other hand, wives are often slaves; according to Bent, "poor though he is, a man will often have seven wives, or more properly speaking, seven slaves."
On an Abyssinian couple met in northeast Africa, in 1899–1900, according to James J. Harrison, "we first white men ever seen in the country ... encountered an Abyssinian gentleman, who, having nothing else to sell us, tried to sell his wife. After repeated attempts, he and the good lady, looking crestfallen at not even raising a bid, proceeded on their journey."
In Australia, in 1880–1884, among aborigines in Queensland, according to Carl Lumholtz, "at Herbert River the blacks did not know, before the arrival of the whites, of any stimulants at all. The tobacco served me instead of money, and for it they would do anything, even to selling their wives."
In Szabolcs, in the 11th century, a substitute for a wife could be sold, with the gain going to religious leadership. According to Pijper in 1909, writing of the Christian Church, "according to the synod of Szabolcs (1092), if a priest instead of taking a wife had chosen a servant or a slave as a companion, she was to be sold and the proceeds were to be given to the bishop."
Enemy claims.
These are claims by enemies in war (including civil war) and which may not have been true even to a small degree, but which were widely made.
In Rwanda, up to 1994, according to Erin K Baines, Hutus accused Tutsis, identified as enemies, by saying, "Tutsi sold their wives ... to the Hutu authorities. Tutsis tried to marry their wives to Hutu elite in order to have spies in the inner circle."
Bans of wife sale.
Most bans are implied in bans against sales of human beings that by definition include sales of wives, and such more general bans are too numerous to list here. Some bans, however, are explicitly against wife sale.
Thailand.
In Thailand, "only in 1935, under pressure from the West, were ... men forbidden from selling their wives into prostitution".
Indonesia.
In Indonesia, among the Nias, according to Loeb citing Neumann from 1886, "the only restriction which the husband had to observe is that he was not allowed to sell his wife outright", but was allowed to "pawn her as a pledge for his debts."
South African Kaffirs.
Among the Kaffirs, as studied in the Cape Colony by the South African government in 1883, "the husband cannot sell his wife nor ill-treat her"; divorce exists but is rare.
Ancient Rome.
In ancient Rome, according to Jörg Rüpke, "a husband selling his wife" was a "crime ... that have fundamental social relationships," in which the wife as "the harmed one is in an inferior position". Thus, according to Rüpke, "by the "sacer-esto"-formula, a curse declaring someone outlawed[,]... the delinquent" may be killed by anyone. Specifically, according to Rüpke, "if somebody has sold his wife, he shall be sacrificed to the lower gods". The enactment of "the law that whoever sold his wife should be given over to the infernal gods"To similar effect and attributing enactment to Romulus: Pound, Roscoe, "Individual Interests in the Domestic Relations", in "Michigan Law Review", vol. 14, no. 3 (January, 1916), as accessed June 13, 2012, 10:45 a.m., p. 180 n. 7 (author Pound of Harvard Law School) (in "JStor" (database) (subscription may be required)).</ref> was, according to John Andrew Couch in 1894, credited to Romulus. According to Alan Watson in 1972, "anyone who sold his wife was to be dedicated 'sacrificed' to the gods of the underworld." "The husband who sold his wife was to be sacrificed (if we may so translate Plutarch ...) to the infernal deities", according to Fowler in 1911.To similar effect ("Plutarch tells us that a law of Romulus ordained that he who sold his wife should be sacrificed"): Bennett, Harold, "I.—"Sacer Esto, in "Transactions and Proceedings of the American Philological Association", vol. 61 (1930), as accessed June 9, 2012, 5:37 p.m., p. 6 & n. 10 (n. omitted) ("one would expect the killing of the offender to be represented as the sacrifice of a victim to the god" in same paragraph) (author Bennett of Univ. of Wisc.) (in "JStor" (database) (subscription may be required)).</ref> According to Rüpke, this judgment and punishment reflected and was legitimized by religion. However, after a while, the offense was no longer punished; according to Mary Emily Case, "this very primitive kind of justice [in which "one who violated these rules ["of the "fas",—that is, of religious duty" was pronounced accursed, and might be killed by any who met him"] soon fell into disuse, and offences which were merely "nefas"—such, for example, as selling a wife—ceased to be punished. Thus, "fas" early lost the force of law."
Ancient Israel.
In ancient Israel, according to Levine, a man "could never sell a wife, even if she had originally been a war captive"; at least he could not sell her to an "outsider", although redemption was possible.
However, ambivalently, N. P. Lemche argued that "either there are no rules for a Hebrew's selling his wife ..., or ... category is incorporated in the law ... in the way that it was considered impossible that a man should be able to sell his wife and remain free himself".
Partial bans.
Bans, whether against wife sales specifically or against all sales of human beings, that were only in effect part of the time or that were substantially violated and unenforced are too numerous to list. Examples include bans in England, often violated and generally unenforced for a time, and Japan, by law having no ban for a time.
Popular culture.
United States.
An undated doggerel from Western Pennsylvania was reported by H. Carrington Bolton as "Pontius Pilate, King of the Jews,"/"Sold his wife for a pair of shoes."/"When the shoes began to wear"/"Pontius Pilate began to swear."Quotation and attribution to Bolton: Hurvitz, Nathan, "Jews and Jewishness in the Street Rhymes of American Children", in "Jewish Social Studies", vol. 16, no. 2 (April, 1954), as accessed October 28, 2012, 12:00 noon, p. 140 & n. 18 (in "JStor" (database) (subscription may be required)).</ref> Bolton received it after publishing other rhymes used by children for "counting-out". Variants on the rhyme have also been reported, including from Salt Lake City "ca." 1920 and Los Angeles "ca." 1935, the variants naming "Holy Moses" instead of "Pontius Pilate", and some women reported their use "as rope-skipping and ball-bouncing rhymes."
In the U.S., a folktale titled "The Man Who Sold His Wife For Beef", narrated by two informants, and that possibly was true although " to be only a folktale, was told in 1952 by Mrs. Mary Richardson, living in Calvin Township, southwestern Michigan, which town was a destination for slaves travelling through the Underground Railroad and in which town most residents and local government officials were Black. As told to Richard M. Dorson, in Clarksdale, Cohoma County, northern Mississippi,Richardson was raised partly in Mississippi:    Dorson, Richard M., "Negro Tales of Mary Richardson", "op. cit.", pp. 5–6.    Dorson, Richard M., collector & ed., "Negro Folktales in Michigan", "op. cit.", p. 5 (ch. I, "The Communities and the Storytellers", subch. "Calvin").</ref> in "ca." 1890 or "ca." 1897–1898, a husband killed his wife and sold some parts to people to eat as beef, and the husband was caught and executed.
India.
In 1933, Sane Guruji (born as Pandurang Sadashiv Sane), of Maharashtra, India, authored "Shyamchi Ai", a collection of "stories", which, according to Guruji, were "true ... with ... a possibility of a character, an incident or a remark being fictitious." One of the stories was "Karja Mhanje Jiwantapanicha Narak" ("Indebtedness is Hell on Earth"), in which, according to Shanta Gokhale, a man borrowed money from a moneylender, had not paid principal or interest, and was visited by the moneylender's representative who demanded full payment and "shamelessly suggested", "if you sold wife's bangles to build a house, you can sell your wife now to repay your debts", his wife, hearing this, came to where her husband and the moneylender's representative were talking and said, "aren't you ashamed to talk about selling wives? Have you no control over your tongue?", no wife sale occurred, and a partial monetary payment was made to the moneylender's representative. According to Gokhale, in 1935–1985 ("55 years") (), "every middle-class home in Maharashtra is said to have possessed a copy of "Shyamti Ai" and every member of every such household may be assumed to have read it... it was also made into a film which instantly received the same kind of adoring viewership." According to Sudha Varde or Sadanand Varde, Guruji was one of "only two men ["even in the Seva Dal"] who could be called feminists in the real sense", because "Guruji ... respected women in every way ... had a real awareness of the lives, of women and the hardships they had to bear"; these statements were, according to Gokhale, published as part of "some indication of the widespread influence "Shyamchi Ai" has had in Maharashtra."
In southeastern India, in the Tanjavur region, often described as the main part of Tamil society, according to Sanjay Subrahmanyam, Shahaji Bhonsle, who ruled Tanjavur 1684–1712, in the early 18th century wrote "Satidânashûramu" ('The Gifting of the Virtuous Wife'), a play in the Telugu language, for an annual festival at a temple. Subrahmanyam says that, in the play, a member of the Untouchable (Dalit) caste offers to "donate" his wife to a Brahmin and asks whether Harishchandra "didn't ... sell his wife for truth", although the Brahmin announces that he must refuse the gift and ultimately the wife's "virtue remains unsullied."
In Indian literature, "Mahabharata", a story of Gandhari, according to Jayanti Alam, includes the " (or censuring) of "Yudhishtira ... for 'selling' his wife in the gamble". According to Alam, "Rabindranath's Gandhari is ... a feminist" and "Gandhari's feminism reaches its sublime height and she emerges the apostle of justice".
According to Jonathan Parry in 1980, "in the famous legend of Raja Harish Chandra, it was in order to provide a "dakshina" that, having been tricked into giving away all his material possessions in a dream, the righteous king was forced to sell his wife and son into slavery and himself become the servant of the cremation "ghat" Dom in Benares."
Elsewhere.
In China, according to Smith, a "possibly well-known tale" about the Song dynastic era (A.D. 960–1279)That "Sung" and "Song" name the same dynasty: "China in 1000 CE: The Most Advanced Society in the World", in Ebrey, Patricia, & Conrad Schirokauer, consultants, "The Song Dynasty in China (960–1279): Life in the Song Seen through a 12th-century Scroll" ([§] "Asian Topics on Asia for Educators") (Asia for Educators, Columbia Univ.), as accessed October 6 & 9, 2012.</ref> told of a wife invited to a prefect's party for wives of subordinate officials, from which she "was kidnapped by a brothel-master", who later "sold her ... her husband's new employer ... who  ... the couple."
In 1990, in Central Nepal, mainly in rural areas, one song, a "dukha", which is a "suffering/hardship" song that "providean interpretation of women's hardships", "underscore[d ... the limited resources and rights of a wife caught in a bad marriage". Sung from a daughter's perspective, the song in part said, "wife says You don't need to return home after drinking there in the evening."/"In Pokhara bazaar, is an electricity line,"/"The household property is not mine."/"The housewife is an outsider,"/"All the household property is needed raksi."/"If this wife is not enough, you can get another,"/"The head of the cock will be caught with two wives he'll have problems."/"Why do you hold your head worried? Go sell the buffalo and pigs."/"If you don't have enough money raksi, you will even sell your wife."/"After selling his wife, he'll become a "jogT" a beggar without a wife."Series of quotations except comma not period after "pigs", last letter of 1st "raksi" superscored with horizontal line instead of dot, last letter of 2d "raksi" superscored with an unclear diacritic instead of dot, & last letter of ""jogT"" ""i"" instead of ""T"": Skinner, Debra, "et al.", "The Songs of Tij", "op. cit.", pp. 298 (song no. 15) (English) & 299 (non-English).</ref> A "woman ... became visibly agitated while listening to song". This was part of a genre sung at the annual Tij Festival, by Hindu women in the mid to late 20th century, but mostly not between the festivals. According to Debra Skinner and co-authors, "this genre ... has been recognized by urban-based political and feminist groups as a promising medium for demanding equal rights for women and the poor."
In Guatemala, according to Robert G. Mead, Jr., a "legend is popular ... the story of the poor man who becomes rich by selling his wife to the Devil." This legend, according to Mead, is also one basis of the 1963 novel "Mulata de tal", by Miguel Angel Asturias, a winner in 1967 of the Nobel Prize in Literature.
In the Dutch Indies, fiction by Tirto Adhi Soerjo, who was Javanese and writing in a language that "was a form of resistance to Dutch", according to Laurie J. Sears, included in 1909 "Membeli Bini Orang: Sebuah Cerita Yang Sungguh Sudah Terjadi Di Periangan" ("Buying Another Man's Wife: A Story that Really Happened in the Priangan"), in which "a religious Muslim ... tries to get rid of his wife, whom a "dukun" said was not good for him ... that since his marriage after his prior widowhood all his business efforts have turned into failures ... he agrees to give or sell his wife to a greedy Eurasian (=Indo) moneylender who has fallen in love with her... [She, as the first man's wife, is a very promiscuous woman, easily impressed with money and fashionable clothing, and the Eurasian ends up feeling more than punished for his pursuit and purchase of another man's wife."
In Scandinavia, in "ca." 1850s–1870s, where there were many critics of the Mormon religion, "ballad mongers hawked 'the latest new verse about the Copenhagen apprentice masons' who sold their wives to the Mormons for two thousand kroner and riotously drowned their sorrows in the taverns".
Criticism.
A wife being subject to sale was a consequence of her being a man's property, according to sociologist Alvin John Schmidt. The religious Commandment against coveting one's neighbor's wife has as part of its basis that "the wife is definitely seen as property", wrote Schmidt. Christians and earlier Hebrews were, according to Schmidt, influenced by the belief that "woman unequal to man", producing "sexist theology". Schmidt argued that teachers of Judeo-Christian tradition who teach on this Commandment "without drawing attention to the property concept of woman" "might [be ... unknowingly contributing to sexual inequality." Inequality and inferiority are, according to Schmidt, "negative".
Wife selling was criticized by the Roman Catholic Pope Gregory VII in the 11th century, and the Catholic church over time objected to it, apparently because it objected to divorce, while the non-Catholic Christian church sometimes did not oppose it.
According to Robert G. Ingersoll, writing in 1881, "to sell wives ... is slavery. This is what Jehovah 'authorized in Judea.
Karl Marx argued that machinery adds so many women and children to the workforce that men are displaced and thus, according to Michael Burawoy, "all that the father can do is sell his wife and children." Then, according to Marx, "he has become a slave dealer."

</doc>
<doc id="30963752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963752" title="John Rankin House (Brooklyn)">
John Rankin House (Brooklyn)

The John Rankin House at 440 Clinton Street at the corner of Carroll Street in the Carroll Gardens neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York City was built in the Greek Revival style in 1840, at which time it stood by itself, surrounded by farmland and overlooking Upper New York Bay.
Rankin was a merchant, and the mansion, one of the finest Greek Revival houses in the city, was one of the largest residences in Brooklyn in the 1840s. It is a three-story, square brick building on a stone foundation. The interior features a massive mahogany stairway with paneled wainscotting.
It was designated a New York City landmark in 1970, and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. Currently it is the F. G. Guido Funeral Home.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="30963759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963759" title="Intelligence System of the Czech Republic">
Intelligence System of the Czech Republic

The Czech Republic Intelligence System (IS) is responsible for the collection, analysis, reporting and dissemination if intelligence on threats to the Czech Republic, both foreign and domestic. It is also responsible for collecting intelligence on foreign nations, organisations, person and groups. The IS is vital towards the protection and promotion of the Czech Republic and its interests. The major priorities of the systems are determined by the executive power. The activities on the IS must follow the respective laws. The President of the Czech Republic can request for information to be collected without the government's approval but with their knowledge.
National Security Council.
The body which coordinates security matters in the National Security Council (NSC). The NSC is headed by the Prime Minister of the Czech Republic. Other members of the council include: the deputy prime minister, the minister of foreign affairs, minister of defense, minister of trade and industry, the minister of health, the governor of the Czech National Bank, the chairman of the Administration of the State Material Reserves and the head of the Office of the Government of the Czech Republic. The president also attend's NSC meetings.
Committee for Intelligence Activities.
While the NSC is in charge of security matters and ensuring security of the republic, the Committee for Intelligence Activities ("CIA - sometimes referred to as the "Committee")" is in charge of the intelligence services in the system. It is tasked with coordinating the activities on the intelligence services in the system. It is also tasked with preparing measures in respect of intelligence activity and cooperating wit h state agencies and offices. The committee's chairman is the prime minister. Other members on the committee include the deputy chairman (minister of the interior), the minister of foreign affairs, the minister of defence, the minister of labour and social affairs, the head of the Office of the Government of the Czech Republic, and the directors of the intelligence services of the Czech Republic. The secretariat in this committee is tasked with preparing expert conceptual documents.<

</doc>
<doc id="30963760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963760" title="Paul de Krom">
Paul de Krom

Paul de Krom (born 10 February 1963) is a Dutch politician of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD). He served as the State Secretary for Social Affairs and Employment in the Cabinet Rutte I from 14 October 2010 to 5 November 2012. He previously served as a Member of the House of Representatives from 30 January 2003 to 14 October 2010. 

</doc>
<doc id="30963773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963773" title="Rafał Kosik">
Rafał Kosik

Rafał Kosik (October 8, 1971 in Warsaw, Poland) is a Polish science fiction writer. He has published eleven novels.
His young adult series "Felix, Net i Nika" is being made into a movie. 
His 2008 novel "Kameleon" received the Janusz A. Zajdel Award and Jerzy Żuławski Award.

</doc>
<doc id="30963795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963795" title="Mailbag">
Mailbag

Mailbag is an Irish TV programme, presented by Arthur Murphy, which was broadcast on RTÉ One for a fourteen-year period, from 1982 to 1996.
The presentation, which became established in a half-hour Saturday-evening time slot, dealt with viewers letters concerning RTÉ TV programmes and broadcasting in general. Murphy has continued to use the "Mailbag" concept into the 2010s with his regular "E-mail Bag" segments on Today FM radio's "The Ray D'Arcy Show".

</doc>
<doc id="30963813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963813" title="Vlora Çitaku">
Vlora Çitaku

Vlora Çitaku (1980) is a Kosovar politician, who is minister for European integration of the Republic of Kosovo. She relinquished her MP seat in the Kosovo Assembly upon taking the governmental position, which she won as one of the top three most voted candidates.
Career.
Vlora Çitaku was only a teen when she became interpreter and a stringer for major Western news outlets at the onset of Kosovo war. She later became a refugee during the Kosovo War and has been involved with politics since 1999. She initially became spokesperson for the KLA and joined the PDK after the formation of the party in the post-war Kosovo. She was a Member of Parliament in two mandates. She states that she has overcome the stereotypes in politics that one must be old and a man.
She was the acting minister of Foreign Affairs between 18 October 2010 and 22 February 2011. She is considered as one of the best Kosovo's ministers.
Personal life.
Çitaku was a refugee during the Kosovo War and has been involved with politics since 1999. She states that she has overcome the stereotypes in politics that one must be old and a man.

</doc>
<doc id="30963820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963820" title="Aaryankavu Kollasangam">
Aaryankavu Kollasangam

Aaryankavu Kollasangam is a 1969 Malayalam language film. Directed by R. Velappan Nair, it was released on January 1, 1969.
External links.
Aaryankavu Kollasangam

</doc>
<doc id="30963828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963828" title="Selsbakk IF">
Selsbakk IF

Selsbakk Idrettsforening is a Norwegian sports club from Trondheim, Sør-Trøndelag. It has sections for team handball, gymnastics, track and field and Nordic skiing.
It was founded on 15 May 1945 as a merger of "Forsøket SL", "Selsbakk TF" and the Workers' Confederation of Sports club "SK Fram". In 1953 it had no gymnastics section, but since then it has lost sections for association football and swimming. One of these clubs was founded on 25 January 1911, which the club now counts as its founding date.
The club has had success in athletics, with Martin Stokken representing the club. High jumper Tonje Angelsen has also represented the club.
The ski jumping hill Granåsen originally belonged to the club.

</doc>
<doc id="30963838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963838" title="Paulton, Illinois">
Paulton, Illinois

Paulton is an unincorporated community in eastern Williamson County, Illinois.
A post office by that name was established 24 September 1921, but it discontinued operations 31 July 1925. Since then it has been served by Marion's post office. Its population in 1958 was estimated at 125.
A feature about the community is that after the adoption of a county-wide 9-1-1 emergency response system in the mid 1990s, names had to be officially given to all the county roads and streets in unincorporated places. Although the original plats of Paulton had provided names, they were generally the most common names like Main and Elm that were already in use by Marion and even Crab Orchard, and thus in the same zip code. For the initial public hearing on road names, the road naming committee used as placeholders, names of early political parties (Whig, Federalist, etc.), hoping to get feedback from the community on what names they would like. No feedback was provided though. In the end, since Paulton meant Paul's Town, that provided the theme for the final street names. Today the interior streets of the community are named McCartney (for the singer), Simon (for both the singer and the senator), Saint (for the early Christian Apostle), Pope (for the many Catholic leaders so named), Revere (for the patriot) and Newman (for the actor).

</doc>
<doc id="30963839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963839" title="Tasc (think-tank)">
Tasc (think-tank)

Tasc (Think tank for Action on Social Change) is an Irish left wing think tank. It was established in 2001. Its mission statement describes it as "dedicated to combating Ireland’s high level of economic inequality and ensuring that public policy has equality at its core." 
Its work draws on and is supported by an extensive Economists' Network.
It has been associated with members of the Labour Party and Sinn Féin. The Phoenix magazine described the group as "on the left fringes of the Labour Party.

</doc>
<doc id="30963871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963871" title="Jack Ponti">
Jack Ponti

Jack Ponti is an American musician, songwriter, record producer, manager, label executive, and consultant.
Career.
Jack Ponti is an American musician, songwriter, record producer, manager, label executive, and consultant (with an estimated 100 million plus records sold worldwide) who started his career in the music business playing guitar in the rock band The Rest in his native New Jersey in the late 70s. The Rest featured a young Jon Bon Jovi as vocalist, but despite promotion by other successful New Jersey musicians, such as Southside Johnny and members of Bruce Springsteen's E Street Band, and a demo produced by Billy Squier, did not obtain a recording contract and split up. Bon Jovi went to form his own band, which in the following years gained international success and multi-million record sales, while Ponti found a job as songwriter and producer for other rock bands. The late music business legend Ahmet Ertegun gave Ponti his first production job and the two grew close.
In the late 80s and early 90s, he wrote songs for Bon Jovi, Alice Cooper, Keel, Trixter, Nelson, Kane Roberts, Joe Lynn Turner, Bonfire and other artists. He also produced and wrote albums for hard rock and glam metal bands Babylon A.D., Baton Rouge, Doro and for his own band Surgin’, which he had created in 1985 at the insistence of his then managers. Surgin' disbanded after one record, though subsequent compilations have been released of early demos. Surgin' still has a strong following in the AOR community.
During the last period of popularity of glam metal, he was deeply involved with American glam metal bands Skid Row and Nelson. In 1991 he retired from the music business for a few years. During this time he built a gym, a martial arts school, and devoted his energies to martial arts and dogs, especially the rare breed Fila Brasileiro.
He came back in 1996, approaching the music business as a talent manager and record label owner. In 1998, he founded CazzyDog Management and became the manager of R&B artist and Grammy Awards winner India.Arie who was nominated for a record 7 Grammy awards as a debut artist, a record that is still held by her today. Other clients in the CazzyDog roster included: Boyz II Men, Az Yet, Mike E., Pru, and Scarface. Amongst the writer/producers they managed were Carlos (Six July) Broady. N.O. Joe Johnson, Mary Brown, all of the writers under Teddy Riley, and a host of others.
In 2004 he founded both Bardic Records and the Platform Group. Both companies were designed to work within the ever expanding "indie" sector. Both ventures were dismantled after a reconfiguration.
He is currently the CEO of Merovingian Music, a non-genre record label founded in 2006, with strong partnerships within the industry and a roster of pop, indie rock, hip hop and heavy metal artists. Merovingian Music currently has joint ventures with both Capitol Records and Jive Records and has recently merged with C.E Music, a label owned by David Letterman's Worldwide Pants production company.

</doc>
<doc id="30963878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963878" title="Javier Vatter">
Javier Vatter

Javier Vatter (born December 14, 1990 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is an Argentine footballer who plays for Deportes Concepción of the Primera B Chilena.
Career.
Vatter began playing football for Club Comunicaciones in Argentina. In June 2010, he went to Chile for an unsuccessful trial with Deportes Concepción. Rival Chilean Primera División B club Deportes La Serena signed him in July 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="30963881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963881" title="List of Malayalam films of the 2010s">
List of Malayalam films of the 2010s

The following are lists of Malayalam films of the 2010s by year.

</doc>
<doc id="30963883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963883" title="Raquel Martínez Rabanal">
Raquel Martínez Rabanal

Raquel Martínez Rabanal (born 1979) is a journalist and a television and radio hostess from Palencia, Spain. Martinez began working for RNE in Valladolid, where she hosted the show "La memoria del vino" in 2004. In 2006, she began hosting the news for Canal 24 Horas.
Early life.
Martínez was born in 1979 in Palencia, Castile and León, Spain. She graduated from the University of Sevilla with the title of Licentiate in Audiovisual Communication, which she later mastered in the National Radio of Spain.
Career.
In 2004 she hosted "La memoria del vino", along with Oscar Sacristán, on RNE in Valladolid, for which they won the journalism award "Provincia de Valladolid" the same year. Since 2006 she has been the news hostess for Canal 24 Horas. In August of the same year she hosted "La 2 Noticias". During the summer of 2007 Martínez also hosted the variety show "Gente", while in 2008 she co-hosted the game show "Mueve tu mente" with Christian Serrano, also transmitted by TVE. Starting in September 2012, Martiez Rabanal was moved to the weekend edition of Telediario 2, co-hosted by Oriol Nolis.

</doc>
<doc id="30963885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963885" title="A Little Princess (Lippa musical)">
A Little Princess (Lippa musical)

A Little Princess, The Musical is a musical with music by Andrew Lippa and book and lyrics by Brian Crawley, based on the 1905 children's novel of the same name by Frances Hodgson Burnett.
Production history.
Produced by TheatreWorks, the musical premiered at the Mountain View Center for the Performing Arts in Mountain View, California, on August 28, 2004, following previews from August 25. This production was directed by Susan Schulman with a cast that starred Mackenzie Mauzy as Sara Crewe and Will Chase as Captain Crewe. Although "A Little Princess" was labeled as "Broadway-bound", the musical has not, as of August 2013, been produced on Broadway.
In September 2005, "A Little Princess" was featured in National Alliance for Musical Theatre's 17th Annual "Festival of New Musicals", held off-Broadway at Dodger Stages in New York City.
A cast recording featuring Sierra Boggess as Sara, Julia Murney, Chase and Remy Zaken was released in 2010 by Ghostlight Records.
A new version of the musical was performed in a concert in October 2011 by the Texas State University, San Marcos, Texas, musical department, and was conducted by Lippa.
The performing rights to the musical are available from Musical Theatre International.
Plot summary.
"Note: taken from Music Theatre International's website" 
ACT ONE
Sara is in trouble from the outset. She has been sent to her room without supper for coming to the table barefoot. Becky, a young maid about the same age, smuggles a muffin upstairs to Sara, and peppers her with questions about what life was like in Africa.
Everyone else at the London school has been stand-offish, so Sara is glad to answer the questions, and invites Becky to picture the send-off she received from her friends in Fort St. Louis in ("Good Luck, Bonne Chance"). After the townspeople wish her the best, Sara's father, Captain Crewe, bids her a private farewell. He reveals he must send her to London as he is embarking upon a mission of exploration to the forbidden city of Timbuktu. He promises, once the Saharan trek is over, he will return to London to fetch her home ("Soon, My Love"). Sara and Becky's reverie is over when Miss Minchin surprises the two girls. Servants and schoolgirls are not meant to mix; Minchin asks Becky to fetch her cane. Sara protests that her father's instructions were that she was not to be corporally punished. Miss Minchin replies she is aware of the instructions, and will beat Becky in Sara's stead. Between the bare feet and illicit camaraderie, Minchin is convinced Sara has no idea how to behave in a civilized fashion. She therefore forbids Sara to speak to anyone without permission. Once the monstrous headmistress leaves, Sara vents her frustration ("Live Out Loud").
The next day the other schoolgirls corner Becky and demand to know everything she learned about Sara. The girls are envious of Sara's wealth, and her privileges - she's out riding a pony while the rest take their exercise in a courtyard - but curious as well. Lavinia, the oldest and meanest of the girls, threatens to harm Becky just as Sara returns from her ride. Lavinia backs own when she sees Sara's riding crop. She continues though to tease Becky, joking about the accident that left Becky an orphan.
To comfort Becky, Sara confides her own mother is deceased. She offers to help Becky get in touch with her mother's spirit. Miss Amelia, Miss Minchin's sister, can't resist this idea. Sara begins to tell the girls how to contact spirits. Her tales are so vivid they seem to come to life. Soon the schoolgirls are joined by imagined Africans in a joyous dance; a spirit enjoins Becky to let her heart be her compass ("Let Your Heart Be Your Compass"). It is Sara's first success with the other schoolgirls. But it is short-lived. During the dance Lavinia leaves to fetch Miss Minchin, who arrives furious. As part of Sara's punishment, Minchin tears a letter from Captain Crewe into pieces. She also sends Becky to the workhouse.
In Africa, Captain Crewe is met with one setback after another. His retinue dies off; his trade goods are stolen; he is detained by a tribal leader with deep suspicions as to an Englishman's reasons for being there. Feverish, despairing, Crewe imagines how happy his daughter must be in London ("Isn't That Always the Way").
Sara's defense of Becky has won her two new confidantes: Ermengarde, who has pieced together Crewe's letter for Sara, and Lottie, the youngest of the schoolgirls, who is intrigued by the doll Sara brought with her from Africa. Sara enlists their help to create such chaos at school that Becky is recalled from the workhouse, and restored to her position. Miss Minchin, realizing she has been outmaneuvered, believes all Sara's advantages come to her because she has been born lucky ("Lucky").
Meanwhile in Sara's room, Ermengarde and Lottie apologize to Becky for their past transgressions against her, and promise to be her friends in future, just as Sara is. Becky is cowed at first. Sara assures her that wealth and position are mere 'accidents of birth'; Becky is willing to agree that even if it were the other way around, she and Sara would have wound up friends ("The Tables Were Turned"). Time passes and Sara's birthday arrives. Miss Minchin is a bit more disposed to be kind to the girl; rumors have reached London that Captain Crewe made it to Timbuktu. Minchin has made a small fortune on the resultant stock market speculation. Sara's classmates are fascinated by a large box from the London docks. It turns out to be full of presents Sara has ordered for the other girls.
There is no time to enjoy them. A barrister brings news that not only did Crewe never make it to Timbuktu, he died in disgrace. At a stroke Sara is left a penniless orphan, and Miss Minchin's own fortune disappears. She decides, rather than put Sara out on the street, to make her a serving girl, sell all her things, and house her in a dark attic room. Sara does not believe what she has been told, and is determined to find out the truth ("Soldier On").
ACT TWO
Lottie visits Sara in her new room just before the Christmas holiday. She is shocked by the drab, cold attic. Sara comforts her by describing it as a new, exciting place full of unexpected magic ("Another World"), though once Lottie leaves the depressing reality of it returns.
Downstairs the schoolgirls are dressed in their best, ready for a holiday. It is almost Christmas ("Almost Christmas"), and all they can think of are the presents awaiting them at home. Sara is sent out on a cold Christmas Eve to buy a goose for Miss Minchin. She hurries past the happy last-minute shoppers, wondering where her father might be. She imagines she hears Pasko, a friend from St. Louis.
That she does find a goose, and at the last minute, is quite impressive to Miss Amelia. She suggests sharing the holiday meal with Sara, who angers Miss Minchin. Miss Amelia resolves to leave the school and find a way to have Sara released; she tells the child how she and her sister once played at being virtuous little princesses too ("Once Upon A Time"). Miss Amelia leaves. Miss Minchin sends Sara to her room, but mourns her hollow victory over the girl ("Lucky Reprise"). She locks Sara and Becky in the attic for the night.
Sara is disconsolate. Becky tries to use Sara's doll to invoke the magic of the imagination, to comfort Sara the way she has been comforted herself; nothing happens. Sara goes to sleep while Becky mourns the powerlessness of the broken doll ("Broken Old Doll").
The two girls sleep. Pasko sneaks in through the window, bringing food, fire-wood and blankets to the girls. While he does so Sara and Becky dream of fantasy Africans bearing more exotic objects and luxuries, and of Captain Crewe becoming a hero by reaching his destination ("Timbuktu"). Becky and Sara awake from the dream smelling the breakfast Pasko has left them. They are startled to see him. Becky screams. Miss Minchin comes up to investigate. Pasko promises things will get better as he and Sara escape over the rooftops ("Soon"). Becky, afraid of heights, stays behind, but promises to meet them later.
When Becky doesn't show up at the appointed meeting place, Sara and Pasko return to the school for her. But Becky has managed to escape the school. Miss Minchin seizes Sara and determines to have her and Pasko arrested. Becky arrives with the highest authority in the land, Queen Victoria, whom she has waylaid and regaled with stories of the cruel headmistress. It is Minchin who is arrested. Victoria acknowledges, just before Sara returns to Africa, that anyone can be a princess, if their hearts are open and their actions true ("Finale").
Song list.
"Note: from the Studio cast album, released in 2011"
Critical response.
Richard Connema, in "Talkin' Broadway" wrote:

</doc>
<doc id="30963890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963890" title="Christina Grimmie">
Christina Grimmie

Christina Victoria Grimmie, (born March 12, 1994), known on YouTube as "zeldaxlove64", is an American singer/songwriter known for her covers of hit songs by artists such as Miley Cyrus, Demi Lovato, Selena Gomez, Christina Aguilera, Justin Bieber and Katy Perry. In June 2011, she released her debut EP, "Find Me". In June 2012, she told a reporter that she wanted to stop doing covers and start writing only original music. 
In 2014, Grimmie participated in Season 6 of NBC's singing competition, "The Voice" and finished in third place. Adam Levine, her coach on the show, announced in the finale that regardless of the results, he was signing Grimmie to his label, 222 Records. Justin Bieber and Lil Wayne also supported Grimmie on the show and Lil Wayne offered to sign Grimmie on his label, Young Money Entertainment. She ultimately signed to Island Records.
Early life.
Grimmie grew up in Marlton, New Jersey. She is of Italian and Romanian descent. Her father noticed her talent for singing when she was six years old and she started playing the piano at age ten Despite having received piano lessons, she says she plays by ear. In a number of her videos and interviews, Grimmie identifies herself as a Christian. Grimmie was homeschooled for her junior year in 2010.
Career.
2009-10: YouTube recognition and discovery.
Grimmie began posting videos to YouTube in 2009, at age 15. The first video she uploaded was a cover of Hannah Montana's, "Don't Wanna Be Torn." She first reached YouTube stardom early on with her cover of Miley Cyrus's "Party in the U.S.A." in August 2009. She is best known for her cover with fellow YouTuber Sam Tsui of Nelly's "Just a Dream", which has had more than 115 million views between the three official versions of the video as of May 23, 2014. Since uploading her videos, she has had over 375 million views and over 2 million subscribers on her channel as of April 28, 2013, which has made her the 4th most subscribed musician on YouTube. She also placed at number 2 at the top 5 of the MyYouTube competition, behind Selena Gomez, and in front of Rihanna, Nicki Minaj, and Justin Bieber. As her popularity grew on YouTube, Grimmie was discovered by Gomez's stepfather, Brian Teefey, who met with her in May 2010 and became her manager.
2011: "Find Me".
Grimmie has performed in the UNICEF charity concert, and has also performed backup vocals for Selena Gomez & the Scene, and was on the first ever DigiTour in 2011, specially designed for YouTube artists. Gomez became her mentor. She has appeared on the Billboard Social 50. She also opened for Selena Gomez & the Scene, Allstar Weekend and the Jonas Brothers during the Concert of Hope. She toured for six weeks with Selena Gomez & the Scene opening for them in the We Own the Night Tour.
She released an EP, entitled "Find Me", on June 14, 2011. Her debut single 'Advice' was released to Radio Disney on June 11, with the music video, directed by Sean Babas, being released on July 19 on her YouTube channel. She appeared on "The Ellen DeGeneres Show" performing with fellow YouTuber, Tyler Ward, a cover to Lil Wayne's "How to Love" that aired on October 10, 2011. On November 20, 2011, Grimmie performed at the 39th American Music Awards of 2011 Pre-show alongside with Taio Cruz to a special rendition of "Higher". She also performed her song 'Not Fragile' at the American Music Awards of 2011 "Coca-Cola Red Carpet Show" along with Selena Gomez's band "the Scene". Christina Grimmie was the special musical guest performing her hit song 'Advice' on Disney Channel's "So Random!" which premiered on December 11, 2011.
2012-13: "With Love".
In January 2012, Grimmie moved to Los Angeles to pursue her singing career. Grimmie was signed to Creative Artists Agency who have signed the likes of Chris Brown and Christina Aguilera in early April 2012 after moving to LA. On Disney.com, she starred in the web show '"Power Up: with Christina Grimmie", which ran from March 29, 2012 until June 5, 2012. She also revealed that she would be working with a new feature band, to be named "Rising Tide", which is a teen group originally from her hometown area in New Jersey. She then opened for Gomez on her North American dates of her Stars Dance Tour, performing songs from her second album With Love, which was released on August 6, 2013. On October 3, 2013, her Music Video for "Tell My Mama" had its Exclusive Video Premiere on Billboard.com. The video is "about a guy that I start liking in school, and he's sort of a dangerous kid, and I am the type of girl that tells my mom about everything," says Grimmie.
2014: "The Voice".
Grimmie auditioned for Season 6 of NBC's singing competition, "The Voice", as revealed on her Facebook page. During the Blind Auditions, she performed Miley Cyrus' hit song "Wrecking Ball". All four coaches, namely Adam Levine, Usher, Shakira, and Blake Shelton turned their chairs for her, but she opted for Adam Levine. She finished in 3rd place, behind winner Josh Kaufman and runner-up Jake Worthington.
2014-present: Post-"The Voice" and major label debut.
During the competition, Grimmie's coach Adam expressed intentions to sign her to his record deal, 222 Records, with Lil Wayne also showing interest in signing her to his record deal, Young Money Entertainment. She ultimately chose to sign with Island Records. She is currently touring with the previous contestants of The Voice including season 5 winner Tessanne Chin, runner-up Jacquie Lee, Will Champlin, season 1 runner-up Dia Frampton and fellow season 6 finalists Kristen Merlin and Jake Barker. The Voice Summer tour started on June 21, 2014 in San Antonio, Texas. She is currently writing and recording music for her sophomore album, her third major release, and first release being signed to a label. The lead single is expected to be released in July 2014, with the album following later in the year. Grimmie announced via Facebook that filming for the lyric video for the single started on July 6, 2014.
Influences.
She grew up listening to contemporary Christian artist Stacie Orrico: "She has a really awesome voice and I was so drawn to it. I think the reason I do have a soul voice is because I grew up listening to her and she was my huge, huge influence. I wanted to sound just like her, I wrote songs that kinda sounded like something she would do." Grimmie cited Christina Aguilera as her main influence vocally. She also said she admires Beyoncé for her vocals. She said she likes dubstep and DJ music, as well as rock 'n roll and heavy metal, listening to Metallica, Pantera, Iron Maiden, and Tool.
Concert Tours.
Opening act

</doc>
<doc id="30963908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963908" title="Anna Kańtoch">
Anna Kańtoch

Anna Kańtoch (December 28, 1976 in Katowice, Poland) is a Polish fantasy writer. She has published four novels and numerous short stories.
Her 2008 short story "Światy Dantego", 2010 short story "Duchy w maszynach" and 2009 novel "Przedksiężycowi" received the Janusz A. Zajdel Award. 

</doc>
<doc id="30963910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963910" title="EFI Technology Inc">
EFI Technology Inc

EFI Technology Inc. founded by Graham Western in October 1988 is an independent high-performance automotive electronics engineering company based in Torrance, California. The company is well recognized for innovative ideas, advanced digital electronics and software for both the aerospace and racing industries.
After earning a masters degree in engineering from Cranfield University in Bedfordshire, England, Graham Western gained several years experience developing Formula 1 and Indy Car engine management systems while working at Cosworth Engineering. In 1987 he moved to Torrance, California and worked as an engineer for Michael Andretti's Indy car team prior to founding EFI Technology Inc. in 1988.
Corporate history.
The company has a strong racing background introducing its first fully user programmable ECU in 1988 which was adopted by Pontiac Motorsports for its IMSA racing program. The products success led to interest from several other engine manufacturers and the company expanded its product line designing additional systems for the Automotive, Off-road and Marine industries.
In 1990 the company was contracted by TRD to develop an ECU for its 503E engine program. The 503E was one of the most successful Toyota race engines ever built producing amazing results on the track. The All American Racers, Eagle MKIII dominated in GTP setting records, including 21 of 27 races entered and an IMSA record 14 straight victories. The company went on to produce additional products for TRD for their Toyota Atlantic Series, SCORE Off-road truck and Stadium truck programs.
In 1991 the company ventured into Indy Cars working with several teams using the Buick Indy Engine. In 1992 Al Unser, Sr. drove the Team Menard Buick-powered Lola to a 3rd place finish, the best finish ever for the Buick Indy engine, and the first time the Buick engine had gone the entire 500 miles. In 1993, driving for King Racing, Unser led 15 laps to extend his career laps-led record of any driver in the history of the Indianapolis 500, at 644.
In 1995 the company diversified and started designing systems for the military. Its first product was an ECU developed for a high output endurance V8 engine used by NSWDG, the Naval Special Warfare Development Group. Its instant success led to further products for the defense industry and continues today working in the Aerospace industry specializing in systems for high altitude UAV's.
In 1996 the company started working with the UK based engine company Neil Brown Engineering who was the European agent for the Mugen-Honda BTCC touring car and F3 engine programs. The F3 engine would dominate the series with 10 championships in a row from 1996 to 2005. The touring car program achieved 13 podium places in 1997.
Nissan entered the IRL in 1997 with its Infiniti 4.0-liter DOHC 32-valve V8 engine. It was controlled by the companies latest 2.5 series ECU and CD Ignition System. The system featured a unique self learn lambda strategy that simplified engine tuning and enhanced engine performance. The system was later adopted by teams using the competing Aurora engine.
In 1999 the company continued working with Mugen developing an engine controller and ignition system for their NSX engine program. The NSX competed successfully in JGTC followed by the introduction of the V8 MF408S engine for Le Mans and ALMS, also using the company's electronic systems. The debut of the MF408S was in 2002 at the Sebring 12 hour ALMS event.
In 2001 the company introduced its Data Acquisition product line. It initially worked with Team Fernandez in CART and then later that year it added Ganassi Racing to its customer list. Ganassi went on to finish 2nd in the championship before moving to IRL. Mugen also adopted the company's Data Loggers and Dash Displays for its JGTC sports car program and continues to be a distributor for the company's products.
Since 2007 the company has been manufacturing a range of ECU and Ignition products for the Edelbrock corporation marketed under the brand name Pro Flo and Pro Flo XT. The success of this product line prompted the expansion into the data acquisition market and in 2009 Edelbrock introduced the QD2 advanced data logger system.
The company is currently a supplier to Elbit Systems one of the worlds largest defense contractors. Products include engine controllers and custom software for UAV's. The UK division of Elbit is currently working on developing the Watchkeeper WK450 for the British Army using a proprietary engine controller designed by EFI Technology.

</doc>
<doc id="30963919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963919" title="1951 Canadian Pacific Air Lines Douglas DC-4 disappearance">
1951 Canadian Pacific Air Lines Douglas DC-4 disappearance

__NOTOC__
The 1951 Canadian Pacific Douglas DC-4 disappearance occurred on the 21 July 1951 when a Douglas DC-4 four-engined piston airliner registered "CF-CPC" of Canadian Pacific Air Lines disappeared on a scheduled flight for the United Nations from Vancouver, Canada, to Tokyo, Japan. Neither the aircraft nor the 31 passengers and six crew have been found.
Accident.
At 18:35 the DC-4 departed Vancouver International Airport, Canada on a scheduled flight to Tokyo; it was due to stop over at Anchorage Airport in Alaska. The flight was on schedule and reported at the Cape Spencer intersection in British Columbia 90 minutes out from Anchorage; it gave an estimate of 24:00 for Yakutat in Alaska. The weather in the area was heavy rain and icing conditions with a visibility of 500 feet. Nothing further was heard from the aircraft, and at 00:44 an emergency warning was issued when the aircraft was overdue to report. The United States Air Force and Royal Canadian Air Force carried out an extensive search but failed to find any trace of the aircraft or its 37 occupants. The search was finally called off on 31 October 1951.
Aircraft.
The aircraft, a Douglas DC-4 four-engined piston airliner had been built in 1944 for the United States Air Force as a Douglas C-54A Skymaster but on delivery in June 1944 it was diverted to the United States Navy with the designation R5D-1. In 1946 it was converted to a civil Douglas DC-4 standard for Pan American Airlines as "Clipper Winged Racer". It was sold to Canadian Pacific Airlines in 1950. 
Passengers and crew.
All the six crew were Canadian and the passengers were 28 serving and civilian members of the United States armed forces and three United Nations officials. 
According to the July 21, 1951 edition of the "New York Times", however, first reports listed three of the passengers as United Nations officials, but United Nations headquarters in New York reported later that no members of its Secretariat or other officials were aboard the craft.
Probable cause.
The probable cause was reported as ""As no traces of the aircraft or its occupants has been found to date the cause of the disappearance has not been determined." 
Similar accidents.
1979 Varig Boeing 707 disappearance

</doc>
<doc id="30963922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963922" title="Lightning Point">
Lightning Point

Lightning Point is an Australian television teen drama set in the modern day with fantasy elements. It was filmed on location at the Gold Coast in 2011. The half hour series is produced by Jonathan M. Shiff for Network Ten in association with Nickelodeon Australia and German public broadcaster ZDF. It was re-broadcast on Network Ten in Australia on 22 June 2012, and again on the same network from 5 July 2014.
The series was broadcast in the United States on TeenNick under the international title of Alien Surf Girls on 29 May 2012., and on Nickelodeon in the United Kingdom from 23 July 2012, also as Alien Surf Girls.
It was announced by Jessica Green that the series will not return for a second series.
Premise.
When Zoey and Kiki, two irrepressible girls from another galaxy and world called Lumina become castaways in the quiet, Australian seaside town of Lightning Point after losing their spaceship, they recruit local girl Amber to keep them undercover. But the whole town is abuzz with the sightings of U.F.O.s, the girls' soon realize that they may not be the first intergalactic visitors on planet Earth. When the time comes, can they say farewell to a world as wonderful and beautiful as their own home world Lumina?

</doc>
<doc id="30963930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963930" title="Jan de Leeuw">
Jan de Leeuw

Jan de Leeuw (born December 19, 1945) is a Dutch statistician, and Distinguished Professor of Statistics and Founding Chair of the Department of Statistics, University of California, Los Angeles. He is known as the founding editor and editor-in-chief of the "Journal of Statistical Software", as well as editor-in-chief of the "Journal of Multivariate Analysis".
Biography.
Born in Voorburg De Leeuw attended the HBS-B in Voorburg from 1953 to 1963. He studied at the Leiden University, where he received his Propedeutic Examination Psychology Summa Cum Laude in 1964; his Candidate Examination Psychology Summa Cum Laude in 1967; and his Doctoral Examination Psychology Summa Cum Laude in 1973. He received his PhD with a thesis entitled "Canonical Analysis of Categorical Data" advised by John P. van de Geer.
De Leeuw started his academic career as Assistant Professor in the Department of Data Theory in Leiden University in 1969. He was member of Technical Staff, Bell Labs, Murray Hill, NJ in the year 1973-74. Back in The Netherlands he was Professor of Data Theory, Leiden University from 1987 to 1987. In 1987 he moved to University of California, Los Angeles, where he became Professor of Psychology and Mathematics, and Director of the Interdepartmental Program in Social Statistics until 1994. From 1993 to 1996 he was also Acting Director of the Interdivisional Program in Statistics. Since 1998 he is Professor and Chair, Department of Statistics at University of California, Los Angeles and Member of the Johnson Cancer Center.
De Leeuw started as Associate Editor for Psychometrika (1982–1991); was Advisory Editor at Computational Statistics Quarterly (1983–1990); 
Associate Editor for the Journal of Educational and Behavioral Statistics (1989–1991); Editor for the Journal of Educational and Behavioral Statistics (1991–1997); Editor for the Journal of Multivariate Analysis (1993–1997); and Web Editor for Institute of Mathematical Statistics (1996–1999). He is still member of the Editorial Board of the Journal of Classification (since 1984); Member of the Advisory Board of the Applied Stochastic Models and Data Analysis (since 1985); Editor for Advanced Quantitative Techniques in the Social Sciences (since 1989); Founding Editor of the Journal of Statistical Software (since 1995); Editor for the Sage/SRM-Database of Social Research Methodology (since 1996); and Editor-in-Chief for the Journal of Multivariate Analysis (since 1997).
De Leeuw was Elected Fellow at the Royal Statistical Society in 1984; at the Psychometric Society and at the International Statistical Institute in 1986; at the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1987; and at the Institute of Mathematical Statistics and at the American Statistical Association in 2001. At the Psychometric Society he was Trustee 1985–1986 and President in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="30963962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963962" title="Frans Weekers">
Frans Weekers

Frans Hubertus Henricus Weekers (born 17 October 1967) is a Dutch lawyer and politician of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD). He was the State Secretary of Finance of the Netherlands between October 14 2010 and January 30 2014.
Early life and education.
Frans Hubertus Henricus Weekers was born on 17 October 1967 in Weert in the province Limburg of the Netherlands. His father was an accountant and member of the municipal council. His paternal grandfather was a "wethouder" in Weert. His mother was a schoolteacher.
Weekers went to primary and secondary school in Weert. He became a member of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy ("Volkspartij voor Vrijheid en Democratie" or "VVD") in 1986, while he was still in secondary school.
He studied economics and econometrics (1987–1992) and law (1990–1993) at the Vrije Universiteit in Amsterdam, which gave him the academic titles "doctorandus" or "drs." (equivalent of Master of Science) and "meester in de rechten" or "mr." (equivalent of Master of Laws).
Legal and political career.
Weekers worked as a legal advisor for the assurance company Van Rey and as the assistant of the MP Jos van Rey in 1993–1994.
Weekers was an elected member of the municipal council of Weert from 1994 to 2003, where he was the fraction leader of the VVD. From 1994, he also worked as a lawyer in Weert, until he was elected to the House of Representatives in 1998.
He served as an Member of Parliament from 19 May 1998 to 23 May 2002, from 3 June 2003 to 14 October 2010, and again from 20 September to 5 November 2012.
Weekers was the State Secretary of Finance in the First Rutte cabinet from 14 October 2010 until 5 November 2012 and has again been in the Second Rutte cabinet, dealing with fiscal affairs and finances of lower governments, since 5 November 2012.
Resignation.
Opposition parties have fiercely criticized his performance. According to them, Weekers had insufficient knowledge of the tax office being behind on payments, such as providing rental and care allowances to about 100,000 citizens. After Weekers heard that a motion of no confidence was imminent, he submitted his resignation on January 29, 2014. 

</doc>
<doc id="30963968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963968" title="Wit Szostak">
Wit Szostak

Wit Szostak (pen name) (born 1976) is a Polish fantasy writer, philosopher and historian of Polish music folklore. He has published five novels and numerous short stories.
His 2008 short story "Miasto grobów. Uwertura" received the Janusz A. Zajdel Award.

</doc>
<doc id="30963977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30963977" title="Clutch Powers">
Clutch Powers

Clutch Powers is a fictional minifigure who has appeared in movies such as ' and '. Clutch is famous due to being the best LEGO miner in Lego Universe. He is the main character in the series and is portrayed by "Chuck" star Ryan McPartlin. LEGO has publicly stated that Clutch is an Indiana Jones type character with some dashing looks.
Background.
Clutch Powers is the most famous person in Lego Universe. In his early life, he was born to his dad, Rock Powers and his unknown mother. His mother possibly divorced Rock or died. Clutch lived with his father and he would learn new things. Rock Powers, would waste his time in expeditions and adventures instead of taking care of the young Clutch. Clutch missed him very much when he was away. One day Rock went missing. Clutch was heart broken about this but still blames his dad for going on the mission and since then has been looking for guidance. Clutch's last memories of his dad are his journal and a picture of his dad. In the end of the first film, LEGO: The Adventures of Clutch Powers, Clutch feels softened after believing that his father is still alive and that his memories will always be with him.
Description.
Clutch Powers has an Indiana Jones-like torso. On his left shoulder he has the Lego logo (mostly like a patch to symbolize him to be part of the team). His hair is a black version of the Lego Anakin Skywalker minifigure from the clone wars. His pants have a new design on them:they show a belt around his waist. Also because being a Lego movie minifigure he does not have holes on the back of his legs as Lego minifigures do have. On his left arm he has a robotic watch.
Outfits.
In the first scene of the first film he wears Brains helmet. But he does not wear Power Miner clothes. The helmet helped Clutch when a boulder fell on his head. In the Mars Mission scenes Clutch uses an astronaut suit to breathe outside Earth. It also has a carrier for his blaster. In the film he does not have to take his hair off to wear the helmet because he is a movie minifigure.

</doc>
<doc id="30964001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964001" title="Wilson Méndez">
Wilson Méndez

Wilson Méndez (born 25 May 1982 in Presidente Franco, Paraguay) is a Paraguayan footballer currently playing for 3 de Febrero of the Division Intermedia of Paraguay.

</doc>
<doc id="30964011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964011" title="The Country Blues (book)">
The Country Blues (book)

The Country Blues is a seminal book by Samuel Charters, published in 1959 and generally acknowledged as the first scholarly book-length study of country blues music. An album of the same name was issued on Folkways Records as an accompaniment to provide examples of the artists and styles discussed. It was reprinted by Da Capo Press in 1975 with minor edits, and a new introduction by the author.

</doc>
<doc id="30964012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964012" title="Wilhelm Bäder">
Wilhelm Bäder

Wilhelm Bäder (21 March 1922 – 22 March 1945) was a highly decorated Oberleutnant der Reserve in the Wehrmacht during World War II. Bäder was killed on 22 March 1945 in Hofen, Germany. He was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross after his death. The Knight's Cross is awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.

</doc>
<doc id="30964025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964025" title="Web browser history">
Web browser history

A web browser is a software application for retrieving, presenting, and traversing information resources on the World Wide Web. An "information resource" is identified by a Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) and may be a web page, image, video, or other piece of content. Hyperlinks present in resources enable users easily to navigate their browsers to related resources.
A web browser can also be defined as an application software or program designed to enable users to access, retrieve and view documents and other resources on the Internet.
Although browsers are primarily intended to access the World Wide Web, they can also be used to access information provided by web servers in private networks or files in file systems.
Historical web browsers.
This table focuses on operating system (OS) and browsers of the 1990s and turn of the century. The year listed for a version is usually the year of the first official release, with an end year being end of development, project change, or relevant termination. Releases of OS and browser from the early 1990s to before 2001-2002 time frame are the current focus.
Many early browsers can be made to run on later OS (and later browsers on early OS in some cases); however, most of these situations are avoided in the table. Terms are defined below.

</doc>
<doc id="30964029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964029" title="Sivilla">
Sivilla

Sivilla is a river in Hedmark county, Norway, in the municipalities Tynset and Alvdal. The river is the primary outflow of the lake Savalen, and ends up in the river Glomma. The river is regulated, and the water is bypassed and exploited by the "Savalen hydropower station" (62 MW). 

</doc>
<doc id="30964034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964034" title="Claustulaceae">
Claustulaceae

The Claustulaceae are a family of fungi in the Phallales order. The family contains four genera and ten species. The family was circumscribed by mycologist Gordon Herriot Cunningham in 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="30964070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964070" title="Lady Gasoline">
Lady Gasoline

'Lady Gasoline' is the second studio album from Dublin-born musician Chris Singleton and his backing band The Distractions.
It was released in Ireland on 28 June 2010 through Proper Distribution and IRL, an independent label whose other artists include Damien Dempsey, The Wonder Stuff and Sharon Shannon; following a generally good critical reaction in Ireland a decision was made to release the album in the UK in May 2011.
Musical influences.
Lady Gasoline draws on a wider range of influences than Singleton's first album, Twisted City (the Lady Gasoline press release cited a diverse range of influences including Lou Reed, eighties electropop, glam rock and The Stone Roses). Reviews were generally positive: Music Week described it as 'packed full of musical depth and surefire radio hits', Q Magazine praised its eclecticism and Ireland's Sunday Business Post gave it a four star review, praising it for having "yearning lyrics, poetic metaphors and an agreeable dose of spite". A dissenting voice came from The Irish Times' Lauren Murphy, who felt the album amounted to 'pedestrian pop' and described Singleton's battle with hyperacusis as an 'angle'. The record was produced by Chris Singleton and London production team Style Factory and like Twisted City was mastered at Abbey Road, by Steve Rooke, the engineer responsible for the 2009 Beatles remasters.
Themes.
According to Singleton - who released a mini-documentary about the album in January 2011 - the themes on the record are chiefly love, lust and sex. 'Lady Gasoline' is a character which embodies those themes, "a 'super-muse' who walks all over the tracks."
The Distractions.
Unlike Twisted City, a large number of musicians feature on the album, including pianist Andy Fleet, backing singer John Gibbons, guitarist Stelios Kalisperides, bassist Zane Maertens and drummer Ben Woollacott. They are credited as 'The Distractions'.

</doc>
<doc id="30964087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964087" title="1995 World Championships in Athletics – Women's 800 metres">
1995 World Championships in Athletics – Women's 800 metres

These are the results of the Women's 800 metres event at the 1995 World Championships in Athletics in Gothenburg, Sweden.
Results.
Heats.
First 2 of each heat (Q) and the next 6 fastest (q) qualified for the semifinals.
Semifinals.
First 4 of each heat (Q) qualified directly for the final.

</doc>
<doc id="30964092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964092" title="Onyx Club (New York City)">
Onyx Club (New York City)

The Onyx Club was a jazz club located on West 52nd Street in New York City.
History.
35 West 52nd Street (1927–1934)
72 West 52nd Street (1934–1937)
62 West 52nd Street (1937–1939)
57 West 52nd Street (1942–1949)

</doc>
<doc id="30964093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964093" title="Libyan Revolution">
Libyan Revolution

Libyan Revolution may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30964109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964109" title="Thom Harinck">
Thom Harinck

Thom Harinck (born December 22, 1943 in The Hague) is a Dutch former kickboxing trainer and founder of the Chakuriki Gym in Amsterdam. He is married to Marjan Olfers, former member of the board of Ajax and from 1 May 2012 professor in sports law.
Harinck began learning martial arts at the age of eight in Judo and Wrestling. He was a brown belt for so long time because at the time it wasn't allowed to receive black belt under age of twelve that he soon bored and stopped practicing in judo. He also did soccer, motorcross and Shooting when he was young. While working on a cruise ship he met a French sailor who was also national champion of Savate and began teaching Thom and other Dutch sailors aboard. He later started boxing when he came back to Netherlands and also started teaching Savate in Holland. While serving in the military as a teenager he continued his practicing in boxing. At age of seventeen he worked as a bouncer at local Club and as his partner was Jan Stapper who was Kyokushin teacher. In 1972, he founded the Chakuriki Gym in Amsterdam, originally teaching his own style named "Chakuriki", a mixture of techniques from Kyokushin karate (in which he holds a 6th degree black belt), boxing, judo, jujutsu and wrestling which would later be known as modern contact karate or kickboxing in Holland.
Chakuriki later became a kickboxing gym as Harinck added Japanese kickboxing and Savate to his repertoire. Harinck founded the NKBB (Dutch Kickboxing Association) in 1976, the MTBN (Dutch Muay Thai Association) in 1983, the WMTA (World Muay Thai Association) and the EMTA (European Muay Thai Association) in 1984.
Harinck is one of the most famous trainers in the sport and has trained numerous world champions including Peter Aerts, Branko Cikatić and Jérôme Le Banner, Badr Hari and Hesdy Gerges.
He announced his retirement in April 2013 at the age of sixty-nine.

</doc>
<doc id="30964110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964110" title="Salt River High School">
Salt River High School

Salt River High School is a high school on the Salt River Pima-Maricopa Indian Community near Scottsdale, Arizona. It is operated by that tribe's Education Department along with an elementary school. It was founded in 1996 as Desert Eagle Secondary School; it opened in its modern form in 2004, and it gained its current name in January 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="30964114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964114" title="Hell in My Heart">
Hell in My Heart

Hell in My Heart is the fourth studio album from the band Bobaflex. It was released on August 30, 2011 via BFX records. The album has 16 tracks, 4 of which are remastered songs from the "Chemical Valley EP". The album features the single "Bury Me with My Guns On". The seventh track, "Sing", is the first original Bobaflex song to feature bassist Jerod Mankin singing lead. The album also contains a cover of "The Sound of Silence", the hit song by Simon & Garfunkel.

</doc>
<doc id="30964127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964127" title="Han ten Broeke">
Han ten Broeke

Johannes Hermanus (Han) ten Broeke (born March 2, 1969 in Haaksbergen) is a Dutch politician. As a member of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (Volkspartij voor Vrijheid en Democratie) he has been an MP since November 30, 2006. He focuses on matters of foreign affairs and the Dutch defense.
Ten Broeke studied political science with a specialization in international relations at Leiden University.

</doc>
<doc id="30964169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964169" title="Palma Sola (Puerto Rico)">
Palma Sola (Puerto Rico)

Palma Sola is a small neighborhood located in the branch 957 of Rt 185 in Canóvanas, Puerto Rico.
Location.
Palma Sola is located in the branch 957 of the 185 road from the town of Canóvanas. Located in the northeast area of the island of Puerto Rico. All around are the other peoples of Puerto Rico as Loiza, Rio Grande, and Carolina.
Geography.
Is located in the northeast of the island, in the town of Canóvanas, which is north of Reeds and The Stones, south of Loíza, east of Carolina and western Rio Grande.

</doc>
<doc id="30964183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964183" title="Mike Teasdale">
Mike Teasdale

Mike Teasdale (born 28 July 1969 in Elgin, Moray) is a Scottish former footballer, who played for Elgin City, Dundee and Inverness Caledonian Thistle.

</doc>
<doc id="30964204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964204" title="Stoothoff-Baxter-Kouwenhaven House">
Stoothoff-Baxter-Kouwenhaven House

Stoothoff-Baxter-Kouwenhaven House is a historic home located in Flatlands, Brooklyn, New York, New York. The original section was built in 1747 and the larger main portion dates to 1811. A kitchen wing was added in 1880. It is one and one half stories with steeply pitched gable roofs, curved projecting eaves, and end chimneys. The main entrance features a Dutch door.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="30964205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964205" title="Trams in İzmir">
Trams in İzmir

İzmir, Turkey's third largest city and most important port in Anatolia, has no tramways. In the past, İzmir had the second largest tram system in Turkey. Trams operated between 1890 and the early 1960s. The İzmir Municipality is currently planning a new, larger tram system in the city. This new system will be integrated with the İzmir Metro and the regional commuter system, İZBAN.
History.
The first tram line in İzmir opened in 1890, between Alsancak Terminal and Pasaport pier, along the Kordon (esplanade), to transport freight. This line also saw horse-drawn trams carry railway passengers from Pasaport (near the city center), to Alsancak station. In 1901, this line was extended to the newly built İzmir Clock Tower in Konak (the city center). The second line to open was in Karşıyaka, in 1906, from the Karşıyaka pier to the Karşıyaka railway station. In 1907, two more lines were completed in Karşıyaka: Karşıyaka pier-Alaybey and Karşıyaka pier-Bostanlı.
After World War I (1914–1918), the Ottoman Empire collapsed and the Turkish Republic was formed. The trams were electrified in 1927, as well as the opening of the Konak-Reşadiye (Güzelyalı) line. New pink painted trams began service and between 1927 and 1939, İzmir trams were at their peak. With the rise of the automobile, busses were becoming more popular and the inevitable decline of İzmir's trams began. The first lines to be discontinued were the 3 lines in Karşıyaka. On October 1, 1939, the Karşıyaka Municipality took up all tramlines in Karşıyaka. The Konak-Reşadiye line was abandoned in 1950, leaving the Konak-Alsancak line the last tram line in İzmir. The Alsancak-Pasaport portion was abandoned in 1956 and the last remaining line in İzmir (Konak-Pasaport) was taken up in the early 1960s. Ever since, İzmir has been without tramways. Some tram lines were converted to trolleybuses.

</doc>
<doc id="30964208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964208" title="List of international cricketers from the Leeward Islands">
List of international cricketers from the Leeward Islands

The Leeward Islands are one of the regions which make up the West Indies cricket team. It has produced international cricketers in all forms of the game—Tests, One Day Internationals (ODIs) and Twenty20 Internationals (T20Is). In cricketing terms the Leeward Islands are made up from the following nations and territories: Antigua and Barbuda, Saint Kitts and Nevis, Anguilla, Montserrat, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Virgin Islands and Sint Maarten. Four Leeward Islanders have captained the West Indies, the Antiguan Viv Richards has made the most Test appearances as captain, leading the side on 50 occasions.
The Nevisian Elquemedo Willett became the first Leeward Islander to represent the West Indies when he played against Australia in 1973, making the first of his 5 Test appearances. Richards has scored more Test and ODI runs than any other Leeward Islander and is the third highest West Indian run scorer in Test matches. Richie Richardson is the next highest in both forms. Curtly Ambrose, also an Antiguan, has taken the most wickets of any Leeward Islander in Tests and ODIs.
Key.
"Statistics correct as of: 2011 Cricket World Cup"

</doc>
<doc id="30964240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964240" title="Willibrord van Beek">
Willibrord van Beek

Willibrordus Ildefonsus Ignatius "Willibrord" van Beek (born 15 January 1949) is a Dutch politician. As a member of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (Volkspartij voor Vrijheid en Democratie) he was an MP from 19 May 1998 to 19 September 2012. From 8 March till 29 June 2006 he was Parliamentary group leader. He focused on matters of public administration, administrative law and the Dutch defense.

</doc>
<doc id="30964267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964267" title="Dareen Abu Ghaida">
Dareen Abu Ghaida

Dareen Abughaida is a broadcast journalist, currently working for presenter for Al Jazeera English. 
Career.
At Al Jazeera English, Abughaida is a news-anchor on the flagship programme "Newshour". She is based at the main broadcast centre, in Doha in Qatar. She is also known for her coverage of the Egyptian revolution.
Previously, she worked for Dubai One, in the United Arab Emirates and, before that, for Bloomberg and CNBC. 
Personal.
Abughaida graduated from Concordia University, in Quebec, with a Bachelor of Commerce degree.
References.
Twitter.com/DareenAG

</doc>
<doc id="30964285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964285" title="Samuel Luther">
Samuel Luther

Samuel Luther (1636 – 20 December 1716) was a prominent early figure in the Massachusetts Colony. He served as the minister of the First Baptist Church of Swansea from 1685 until his death. He also served as a militia captain. Through his wife Mary Abell, daughter of Robert Abell, his descendants have richly documented English ancestry, including extensive ties to royalty and nobility.
Samuel Luther perhaps survived a raid by a group of Lenape Indians at age nine while accompanying his father on a trading voyage to Delaware Bay, and was held captive for a period. His father, Captain John Luther, was killed in the raid. Some chroniclers question the likelihood of a nine-year-old boy participating in such a risky trading endeavor, proposing that an older brother may have been the captive Luther. However, no older son of Captain Luther is acknowledged by genealogical authorities. In any event, the general circumstances of the incident are corroborated by several primary sources.

</doc>
<doc id="30964287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964287" title="Joost Van Nuyse House">
Joost Van Nuyse House

Joost Van Nuyse House, also known as the Ditmas Coe House, is a historic home located in Flatlands, Brooklyn, New York, New York. The original section was built in 1744 and enlarged between 1793 and 1806. It was moved to its present site in 1925. It is a -story frame house with a steeply pitched flared roof.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="30964303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964303" title="Col de la Madone transmitter">
Col de la Madone transmitter

Col de la Madone transmitter is a very large broadcasting centre operated by Radio Monte Carlo north of Fontbonne, near Nice and Monaco, in France. It was established in 1965 and was used until completion of Roumoules radio transmitter for longwave broadcasting, using 3 320 metres tall guyed mast radiators, which do not exist any more. Today it is used for broadcasting on 702 kHz and 1467 kHz. Both antennas consist of 2 guyed mast radiators insulated against ground. The masts of the antenna for 1467 kHz are 101 metres tall and oriented in North-South direction. The masts of the antenna for 702 kHz are oriented in East-West direction pointing towards Milan, as it is used for transmitting a radio program in Italian language toward Italy. The western mast of this antenna, which acts as reflector, has a height of 250 metres while the eastern mast which is the radiator is 215 metres taller.
A bit souther, there is close to a military radar site a centre for FM-broadcasting and on Mount Angel there is a 146 metres tall partially guyed tower, which consists of a grounded lattice tower as basement and a guyed mast radiator insulated against ground as top. It was built in 1946 and first used for mediumwave broadcasting, but is today used for TV-broadcasting. Nearby there is also the shortwave transmitter of RMC with several dipole walls.

</doc>
<doc id="30964305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964305" title="Sven-Olof Lundgren">
Sven-Olof Lundgren

Sven-Olof Lundgren (1908, Örnsköldsvik – 1946) was a Swedish ski jumper. He participated at the 1928 Winter Olympics in St. Moritz, where he placed fifth.

</doc>
<doc id="30964314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964314" title="I Got a Girl (Tripping Daisy song)">
I Got a Girl (Tripping Daisy song)

"I Got a Girl" is the first single by alternative rock group Tripping Daisy from their second studio album, "I Am an Elastic Firecracker". The song reached number six on the "Billboard" Modern Rock Tracks chart, and was the band's biggest hit of their career.

</doc>
<doc id="30964347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964347" title="William Tredway (Canadian politician)">
William Tredway (Canadian politician)

William Tredway (1833 – 1909) was a businessman turned politician in Woburn, Scarborough, Ontario, Canada.
Business Involvement.
At the age of 22, Tredway opened a general store at Eglinton and Kingston Roads which he sold circa 1865 and moved to the store located at Old Kingston Road and Morrish Road in Highland Creek. His business in this store was so prosperous that he sold it in 1878 to pursue his primary interest, politics.
Political Involvement.
Tredway was elected as councillor for ward 1874-5-6-7-8 and was Deputy Reeve for the last two of those terms. In his next and final political venture, he ran for Reeve of the Township but lost considering that most of the votes were in the western part of the Township, which made it difficult for anyone who lived in the eastern part to win. Soon afterward, he was appointed a justice of the peace which he held until his death.
Legacy.
In 1959, a public school in Scarborough was named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="30964364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964364" title="Cora van Nieuwenhuizen">
Cora van Nieuwenhuizen

Cornelia (Cora) van Nieuwenhuizen-Wijbenga (born 12 June 1963 in Ridderkerk) is a Dutch politician. As a member of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (Volkspartij voor Vrijheid en Democratie) she has been an MP since 17 June 2010. She mainly focuses on matters of aviation, water transport and energy policy.
She was a member of the municipal council of Oisterwijk from 1994 to 2006 as well as VVD fraction leader from 2002 to 2003. She was also a member and VVD fraction leader of the States-Provincial of North Brabant from 2003 to 2007 and a member of the States Deputed of North Brabant from 2007 to 2010. 
Van Nieuwenhuizen studied social geography at Utrecht University, and studied also at Nyenrode Business University in Breukelen and at TiasNimbas Business School in Tilburg.

</doc>
<doc id="30964375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964375" title="NASA Star and Exoplanet Database">
NASA Star and Exoplanet Database

Note: As of December 2011, NStED is no longer in operation. Much of its data and services have been transferred to the NASA Exoplanet Archive. 
The NASA Star and Exoplanet Database (NStED) is an on-line astronomical stellar and exoplanet catalog and data service that collates and cross-correlates astronomical data and information on exoplanets and their host stars. NStED is dedicated to collecting and serving important public data sets involved in the search for and characterization of extrasolar planets and their host stars. The data include stellar parameters (such as positions, magnitudes, and temperatures), exoplanet parameters (such as masses and orbital parameters) and discovery/characterization data (such as published radial velocity curves, photometric light curves, images, and spectra).
The NASA Star and Exoplanet Database (NStED) collects and serves public data to support the search for and characterization of extra-solar planets (exoplanets) and their host stars. The data include published light curves, images, spectra and parameters, and time-series data from surveys that aim to discover transiting exoplanets. All data are validated by the NStED science staff and traced to their sources. NStED is the U.S. data portal for the CoRoT mission.
Home page. 
Search characteristics.
Data are searchable either for an individual star or by stellar and planetary properties.
NStED offers direct access to frequently accessed tables:
Survey programs.
NStED also serves photometric time-series data from surveys that aim to discover transiting exoplanets such as the Kepler Mission and the CoRoT. 
NStED provides access to over 500,000 light curves from space and ground-based exoplanet transit survey programs, including:
The transit survey data are linked to an online periodogram service that can be used to search for periods in the transit survey data sets. A user can also upload their own time series data to search for periods in their own data.
The planetary orbital parameters are linked to an online transit ephemeris prediction tool which can be used to predict the probability that an exoplanet may transit and the date/time and observability of the transits.

</doc>
<doc id="30964384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964384" title="USA-226">
USA-226

USA-226 is the first flight of the second Boeing X-37B, the Orbital Test Vehicle 2 (X-37B OTV-2), an American unmanned robotic vertical-takeoff, horizontal-landing spaceplane. It was launched aboard an Atlas V rocket from Cape Canaveral on 5 March 2011, and landed at Vandenberg Air Force Base on 16 June 2012. It operated in low Earth orbit. Its mission designation is part of the USA series.
The spaceplane was operated by the United States Air Force, which has not revealed the specific identity of the payload for the first flight. The Air Force stated only that the spacecraft would "demonstrate various experiments and allow satellite sensors, subsystems, components, and associated technology to be transported into space and back."
Launch.
OTV-2 was launched aboard an Atlas V rocket, tail number AV-026, on 5 March 2011 from Space Launch Complex 41 at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. It was scheduled to launch on the previous day, 4 March, but weather prevented the launch on that day, forcing the reschedule to 5 March.
The launch was conducted by United Launch Alliance.
The X-37B spacecraft was originally intended to be deployed from the payload bay of a NASA Space Shuttle, but following the "Columbia" accident, it was transferred to a Delta II 7920, then subsequently transferred to the Atlas V following concerns over the X-37B's aerodynamic properties during launch.
Prior to the installation of the spacecraft, the Atlas rocket was moved to the launch pad and performed a wet dress rehearsal on 4 February 2011. It was returned to the Vertical Integration Facility the following day for final assembly.
Mission.
Most of the mission parameters for the first OTV-2 flight have not been disclosed. The Air Force stated the mission time would depend on progress of the craft's experiments during orbit. On 29 November 2011 a spokesperson for the Secretary of the Air Force announced the mission was extended beyond its original life expectancy, citing ongoing experimentation.
In addition to its unspecified payload, OTV-2 carried a folded solar panel in its cargo bay to power the spacecraft during its year and a half long mission.
Landing.
After completing its mission, OTV-2 deorbited, entered the atmosphere, and landed at Vandenberg Air Force Base on 16 June 2012 at 05:48 PT (12:48 GMT). OTV-2 is the third reusable spaceplane to perform an automated landing after returning from orbit, the first being the Soviet Buran spacecraft in 1988 and the second, its sister craft, the OTV-1.

</doc>
<doc id="30964436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964436" title="Beneš-Mráz Be-60 Bestiola">
Beneš-Mráz Be-60 Bestiola

The Beneš-Mráz Be-60 Bestiola was a Czechoslovakian light aircraft produced in the 1930s. The highwing monoplane had two side-by-side seats in an enclosed cabin, braced wings, and a fixed undercarriage. It was first flown in 1935, undergoing testing quickly. Twenty of these aircraft were then sent out to Czechoslovakian flying clubs from April to November 1936.

</doc>
<doc id="30964438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964438" title="Tema da Vitória">
Tema da Vitória

Victory Theme () is a Brazilian instrumental song composed specially for the broadcast of Formula One by Rede Globo. The music was composed by Eduardo Souto Neto.
History.
The song was suggested by Aloysio Legey, director of Formula One transmissions for the Globo Network. The song was recorded in 1981 by the Brazilian band Roupa Nova, to be used as the soundtrack of victories in the Brazilian Grand Prix, regardless of the winner's nationality, transmitted by the Globo Network. The song was first performed with the victory of Nelson Piquet in the 1983 Brazilian Grand Prix. The next year, the song was performed for Alain Prost's victory in the 1984 Brazilian Grand Prix.
It was only in 1986 that the song started to be used for every victory by a Brazilian pilot. The song marked Nelson Piquet's achievement of third championship in 1987 and Ayrton Senna's championships in 1988, 1990 and 1991.
For seven years the song wasn't executed by the Globo Network due to the lack of victories by Brazilian pilots, between the 1993 Australian Grand Prix won by Ayrton Senna and the 2000 German Grand Prix won by Rubens Barrichello.
In 2006, the song was played the first time for Felipe Massa for his victory in the 2006 Turkish Grand Prix.
The Victory Theme was also executed by the Globo Network after the Brazilian national team won the 1994 FIFA World Cup, as a hommage to Ayrton Senna, who died earlier that year.
In 2009, the victory theme was executed with a different arrangement due to the fact that with Rubens Barrichellos's victory in the 2009 European Grand Prix, Brazil conquered its 100th victory in the history of Formula One.

</doc>
<doc id="30964465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964465" title="Chakuriki Gym">
Chakuriki Gym

Chakuriki Gym is a kickboxing gym, headquartered in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. Founded in 1972, it is one of the oldest kickboxing gyms in the Netherlands.
History.
Chakuriki Gym was founded in 1972 by Thom Harinck, who originally began teaching his own style named "Chakuriki", a mixture of techniques from boxing, Kyokushin karate, judo, jujutsu and wrestling. Chakuriki later became a kickboxing gym as Harinck added Muay Thai and Savate to his repertoire. In 1978, fighters from Chakuriki became the first Dutch to fight at Lumpini Stadium in Bangkok, Thailand.
During the late 1970s, Chakuriki became rivals of Mejiro Gym. While the Chakuriki fighters were known for their mental and physical toughness, Mejiro's had a reputation for their technical style. Kickboxing competitions were held regularly in the Jaap Edenhal Arena in Amsterdam and both Mejiro and Chakuriki fighters established themselves as the best in the country. This rivalry helped raise the standard of Dutch kickboxing and spawned some of the best fighters of the era. The 1980s and early 1990s saw a new generation of kickboxers rise from Chakuriki such as Peter Aerts and Branko Cikatić who helped form the history of K-1.
Harinck announced his retirement in April 2013 at the age of sixty-nine.

</doc>
<doc id="30964469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964469" title="The Merveilleuses">
The Merveilleuses

The Merveilleuses is a musical play in three acts, with a book adapted from the French original of Victorien Sardou by Basil Hood, lyrics by Adrian Ross, and music by Hugo Felix. The main plot is a love story, concerning Dorlis, an "emigré" aristocrat who has just returned from enforced military service in Italy, and Illyrine, his ex-wife. 
It opened at Daly's Theatre, London, under the management of George Edwardes, on 27 October 1906, with a cast that included Evie Greene, Denise Orme and Robert Evett in the leading roles, and ran for 196 performances.
Plot synopsis.
The story is set in Revolutionary France in the closing years of the 18th century, during the period when the Directoire, led by Barras, held power. Fashionable Parisian society is led by the "Incroyables", or dandies, and their feminine equivalents, the "Merveilleuses". The latter have adopted classical robes as their form of dress and the succouring of distressed conspirators as their mission.
Illyrine, who had been led to believe that Dorlis had deserted her and had divorced him in consequence, has just been married to a second husband, St. Amour, the rich but low-bred secretary to Barras. 
Dorlis intrudes on the wedding party at the Café du Caveau and demands that Illyrine return to him. She explains what had happened and tells him that she still loves him.
After a visit to the stock market on the Perron at the Palais Royal, Dorlis, accompanied by his friend Lagorille, one of the "Incroyables", goes to the wedding reception at St. Amour's Town House determined to kill St. Amour. However, the latter is warned by police agents, who have learned of the plot. Illyrine hides Dorlis in her private apartment, but St. Amour forces him to reveal his whereabouts by giving a false alarm of "Fire!", whereupon Dorlis and Lagorille are arrested.
At a fete given by Barras, Illyrine manages to persuade Barras to pardon Dorlis, with whom, after divorcing St. Amour, she is re-united. Meanwhile, the "Merveilleuses", led by Lodoiska, succeed in freeing Lagorille, only to see him carried off by Pervenche.
Critical reception.
Reviews of the show were generally positive. "The Times" opened: "There is plenty of life in "Les Merveilleuses" yet. A feeble comedy, it makes good material for a comic opera; and by that honourable title the piece produced at Daly's on Saturday may justly be called." It was "a well-made, well-mounted comic opera, empty of wit but full of movement and fun, with a bright plot that runs right through without a break, and plenty of amusing and extravagant people." Of the performers, "Mr W H Berry, who took up the part at very short notice replaced George Graves, who was ill, did wonders with it. ... His picture of a coward is capital. Mr Bradfield wears something of the real 'Incroyable' air, and Mr Evett is an admirable singer for this kind of work. Miss Evie Greene ... makes the most of her fine voice; Miss Denise Orme keeps hers in strict control ... but the actress who was most in the spirit of the thing was Miss Mariette Sully". If "The Times" saw a fault, it was in Hugo Felix's music: "As a rule, his music strikes us as clever rather than original. The source of several of his tunes is pretty obvious, but his treatment and his use of his orchestra are fresh, and, if he does not aim very high, he achieves surely and neatly what he wishes."
"The Play Pictorial" noted that the name of the show had created some difficulty: "'The Women Dandies' scarcely expresses it, and so it was decided eventually to let the French name stand." On the production, it concluded: "The chorus sang well and showed an exceptional amount of life and animation, and for this and for the production generally, Mr J A E Malone is to be heartily congratulated on the successful accomplishment of an arduous task."

</doc>
<doc id="30964479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964479" title="Robert H. Smith">
Robert H. Smith

Robert H. Smith may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30964494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964494" title="Charlie Girard">
Charlie Girard

Charles August Girard (December 16, 1884 – August 6, 1936) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball. He played for the Philadelphia Phillies in 1910.

</doc>
<doc id="30964495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964495" title="José Joaquín de Ferrer">
José Joaquín de Ferrer

José Joaquín de Ferrer (Gipuzkoa, October 26, 1763 – Bilbao, May 18, 1818) was a Spanish astronomer.
The Spanish astronomer was part of the first solar eclipse expeditions. He journeyed to Cuba in 1803 and to New York State in 1806 and observed the two solar eclipses successfully. In the description of the solar eclipse in 1806 observed from Kinderhook, New York he coined the word corona for the bright ring observable during a total eclipse.

</doc>
<doc id="30964552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964552" title="Sepp Mühlbauer">
Sepp Mühlbauer

Sepp Mühlbauer is a Swiss ski jumper. He participated at the 1928 Winter Olympics in St. Moritz, where he placed seventh, with a first jump of 52 metres and a second jump of 58 metres. He represented the British "Ski Club Of Great Britain".

</doc>
<doc id="30964554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964554" title="Arlberg-Kandahar">
Arlberg-Kandahar

The Arlberg-Kandahar race (often abbreviated A-K or AK) is an annual alpine skiing event. The first edition of the race was held in 1928 in St. Anton, in the Arlberg district of Austria. The location originally alternated between St. Anton and Mürren, Switzerland. Later, it began to be held in other locations as well, such as Chamonix, France, Sestriere, Italy, and Garmisch-Partenkirchen, Germany.
Name.
The two organizers of the original 1928 race were the Ski Club Arlberg in Austria and the British Kandahar Ski Club, based in Mürren. The latter is named after the British military commander Frederick Roberts, Earl of Kandahar, the major benefactor of the club. (At the first downhill race organized by skiing pioneer Arnold Lunn, held at Crans-Montana in 1911, Roberts donated the trophy.)
History.
Lunn, founder of the Kandahar Ski Club, met Hannes Schneider of the Ski Club Arlberg in 1927. Together they organized the first slalom race in Arlberg, held at St. Anton. The event was successful, so on March 3 and 4 of the following year they held the first Arlberg-Kandahar races. The slalom and downhill events constituted the first alpine combined events in the history of alpine racing. 45 racers from Austria, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, and the United States took part. Within two years, the popularity of the event brought a major success: in 1930, the International Ski Federation recognized alpine skiing events in addition to the traditional Nordic disciplines. 
From 1931 until the Second World War, the races were alternately held at Arlberg and Mürren. In 1948, Chamonix became the third host, followed by Sestriere in 1951 and Garmisch-Partenkirchen in 1954. Until the introduction of the World Cup in 1967, the A-K races were the most important alpine ski races besides the Winter Olympics and the World Championships.
In the World Cup era, the Arlberg-Kandahar races have continued to be held as part of the World Cup, but their importance has diminished. The word "Kandahar" is still found in the names of many legendary race courses, such as the "Kandahar Garmisch" in Germany, the "Kandahar" event at Chamonix and the spectacular "Kandahar Banchetta" course in Sestriere that hosted the 1997 FIS World Championships. the 2006 Olympics as well as several World Cup races including the 'Big' Finals in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="30964561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964561" title="FreightCar America">
FreightCar America

FreightCar America is a manufacturer of freight cars for the railway industry.
The company began operations in 1901, and is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois. It is engaged in the business of building, repairing, and leasing freight cars, largely for the transportation of bulk materials like coal, metals, wood products and automobiles. In addition to the freight cars it constructs, the company also manufactures parts for use in cars built by other companies.
It owns two factories—one in Danville, Illinois and one in Roanoke, Virginia. The facility in Roanoke was closed in 2009 due to weak economic conditions, but it was announced on 21 February 2011 that it would reopen after an order for 1,500 coal cars from the Norfolk Southern Railway.
In 2008, the company produced 10,349 freight cars, but its output decreased to 3,377 cars in 2009. During fiscal year 2010, FreightCar America had a profit of $36.52 million on revenue of $141.3 million.

</doc>
<doc id="30964582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964582" title="Small Business Majority">
Small Business Majority

Small Business Majority is a left-wing small business advocacy organization in the United States. It is based in San Francisco, California, with offices in Washington, D.C., Sacramento, New York, Cincinnati, Ohio, Denver, Colorado and St. Louis, Missouri. 
Small Business Majority performs opinion polling and writes studies to highlight questions and opinions on issues affecting small businesses. It uses this information to provide small business owners with information on how laws affect their bottom line, and to educate policymakers on a diverse set of issues that they can then advocate for, such as healthcare reform, clean energy, access to credit and job creation.
History.
John Arensmeyer founded Small Business Majority in 2005.
Healthcare reform.
Small Business Majority conducts scientific research on how the healthcare system affects small businesses, and uses their findings to influence the implementation of healthcare reform. 
During the push for passage of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, Small Business Majority lobbied in support for the act. Policy papers and materials the organization developed were used by healthcare reform advocates and small business groups to push the message of small business support for healthcare legislation. Small Business Majority organized small business forums at the White House with cabinet members and with the US Senate Small Business Committee, along with House committees and caucuses on healthcare issues. The "National Journal" noted that Small Business Majority's work on this issue "gained prominence on Capitol Hill and at the White House during the health care debate. " Small Business Majority continues to inform lawmakers, employers and the public on key provisions of the law, and on the various aspects of its implementation, particularly state health insurance exchanges and the small business healthcare tax credits.
Clean Energy.
Since Small Business Majority began working on clean energy issues in 2010, the organization has commissioned a wide body of opinion research to determine small business owners’ views on clean energy policies and the perceived effect of those policies on their businesses and the economy as a whole. The organization also conducts in-depth economic research analyzing the economic impact of state and federal clean energy policies on small firms. 
Small Business Majority uses its scientific opinion polling and economic research to lobby for clean energy measures. This has included meetings with national and state policymakers including U.S. senators, representatives and Obama administration officials.

</doc>
<doc id="30964631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964631" title="Ernst Feuz">
Ernst Feuz

Ernst Feuz (1908, Mürren – 1988) was a Swiss ski jumper. He participated at the 1928 Winter Olympics in St. Moritz, where he placed eighth, with a first jump of 52.5 metres and a second jump of 58.5 metres. He initiated the Schilthorn Cableway in 1959.

</doc>
<doc id="30964649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964649" title="2011 Subway Fresh Fit 500">
2011 Subway Fresh Fit 500

The 2011 Subway Fresh Fit 500 was a NASCAR Sprint Cup Series stock car race held on February 27, 2011 at Phoenix International Raceway in Avondale, Arizona. Contested over 312 laps, it was the second race of the 2011 season and was won by Jeff Gordon for Hendrick Motorsports from Kyle Busch in second and Jimmie Johnson third.
Carl Edwards led the first lap from pole position ahead of Kurt Busch who started second on the grid. The race was caution free until lap 29 (debris), and then 48 laps later a multiple crash occurred involving 13 drivers. Later there were several lead changes, and another four cautions. With nine laps remaining, Gordon took the lead from Kyle Busch to win his first race of the season, his first in more than 60 races.
There were eight cautions and 29 lead changes among 12 different drivers during the race. Gordon's win moved him to sixth position in the drivers' championship, 15 points behind leader Kyle Busch and one ahead of Bobby Labonte in seventh. In the Manufacturers' Championship, Toyota, Ford and Chevrolet had 12 points, four ahead of Dodge. A total of 75,000 people attended the race, and 10.36 million watched it on television.
Report.
Background.
The track, Phoenix International Raceway, is one of five short tracks to hold NASCAR races, the others being Richmond International Raceway, Dover International Speedway, Bristol Motor Speedway, and Martinsville Speedway. The standard track at Phoenix International Raceway is a four-turn short track oval that is long. The track's turns were banked from 9 to 11 degrees, while the front stretch, the location of the finish line, was banked at 3 degrees. The back stretch had a 9 degree banking. The racetrack has seats for 76,800 spectators.
Before the race, Carl Edwards was leading the Drivers' Championship with 42 points, and David Gilliland stood in second with 41 points. Bobby Labonte followed in third also with 41 points, one ahead of Kurt Busch and two ahead of Juan Pablo Montoya in fourth and fifth. Regan Smith with 38 was one point ahead of Kyle Busch, as Paul Menard with 36 points was two ahead of Mark Martin and A. J. Allmendinger. In the Manufacturers' Championship, Ford was leading with nine points, three points ahead of their rival Toyota. Dodge, with 4 points, was one point ahead of Chevrolet in the battle for third. Ryan Newman was the race's defending winner.
Practice and qualifying.
Two practice sessions were held before the race on Friday. The first session lasted 80 minutes long, while the second was 85 minutes long. Kurt Busch was quickest with a time of 26.366 seconds in the first session, more than five-tenths of a second faster than Jeff Burton. Denny Hamlin was just off Burton's pace, followed by Kevin Harvick, Kyle Busch, and Brad Keselowski. Kasey Kahne was seventh, still within a second of Kurt Busch's time. Also in the session, Trevor Bayne collided into the wall, so the team had to go to their back-up car. In the second practice session, Kyle Busch was fastest with a time of 26.454 seconds, only one-hundredth of a second quicker than second-placed David Ragan. Edwards took third place, ahead of Jamie McMurray, Greg Biffle and Martin. Newman only managed seventh place.
Forty-four cars were entered for qualifying, but only forty-three raced because of NASCAR's qualifying procedure. Edwards clinched his eighth pole position during his career, with a time of 26.224 seconds, which was a new track record. He was joined on the front row of the grid by Kurt Busch. Kahne qualified third, Kyle Busch took fourth, and Smith started fifth. Joey Logano, Martin Truex, Jr., McMurray, Keselowski, and Biffle rounded out the first ten positions. The driver who failed to qualify for the race was Brian Keselowski, who had a time of 27.431 seconds.
Race.
The race, the second in the season, began at 3:00 p.m. EST and was televised live in the United States on Fox. The conditions on the grid were dry before the race with the air temperature at . Phoenix International Raceway Chaplain Ken Bowers began pre-race ceremonies, by giving the invocation. Next, Emmy Rossum performed the national anthem, and Olympian Apolo Anton Ohno gave the command for drivers to start their engines. Before the start of the race, a competition caution was scheduled for the 40th lap in the race.
Edwards retained his pole position lead into the first corner, followed by Kurt Busch, who started second. However, by the end of the first lap, Busch was the leader. Two laps later, Edwards fell to the third position, as Kyle Busch passed him. On the fifth lap, Logano moved into the fourth position. On the following lap, Kyle Busch became the leader after passing his brother Kurt. By lap eight, Kurt Busch had fallen to third once Edwards overtook him for second. On lap nine, McMurray moved to sixth, as Keselowski fell to 11th. Ten laps later, Edwards reclaimed the first position, as the first caution was given because of debris on the track. The front-runners pitted during the caution, so Kurt Busch became the leader. At the lap 26 restart, Kurt Busch was the leader, as Joe Nemechek retired from the race. By the following lap, Hamlin had moved up to the second position, as Brian Vickers claimed third. On the 32nd lap, Hamlin became the leader. Two laps later, Robby Gordon spun sideways, prompting the second caution to be given. The caution was announced to replace the competition caution. Most of the front runners pitted during the caution. At the lap 38 restart, Edwards was the leader, ahead of Clint Bowyer and Kurt Busch.
On the following lap, Bowyer fell to third. At the end of lap 45, Edwards remained the leader, ahead Kurt Busch and Burton. By the 48th lap, Gordon had moved up 15 positions since the beginning of the race. On the 50th lap, the third caution was given after Bayne collided with the wall, sustaining major damage. Most drivers pitted during the caution. At the lap 55 restart, Kurt Busch was the leader, while Edwards fell to 15th. On lap 56, Matt Kenseth up moved to second, as Tony Stewart up moved to the third position. On the following lap, Marcos Ambrose moved up to the fifth position. On the 67th lap, the caution was given because of an accident involving 13 drivers. Afterward, the red flag was waved to help the officials to continue removing debris. At the lap 72 restart, Hamlin was the leader, ahead of Newman, and Menard. Dale Earnhardt, Jr. had to restart last, after getting a penalty for excessive speed on pit row. Three laps later, Newman overtook the lead after passing Hamlin, as Gordon moved up to second. On the 77th lap, Gordon passed Newman to become the leader, as his team-mate Johnson passed Kyle Busch to move the 11th position. On the following lap, Hamlin fell to third. On the next lap, Stewart passed Hamlin to claim third.
By lap 84, Gordon had a 1.5-second lead over Newman; however, after one lap, Newman reclaimed the position. Gordon continued to lose positions as Stewart moved to second. On lap 91, Stewart passed Newman to move to the first position. Four laps later, Truex, Jr. moved up to the third position. At lap 98, Stewart remained the leader, followed by Newman, Gordon, and Truex. After the 100th lap, Stewart maintained a 1.8-second lead. Four laps later, Gordon moved to the second position. On lap 109, Johnson claimed the sixth position, as Bowyer and Robby Gordon returned to the race. On the 116th lap, both David Reutimann and Edwards returned to the race, after being in the garage. On lap 125, Gordon reclaimed the first position from Stewart. Two laps later, Ragan collided with the wall, prompting the sixth caution to be given. During the caution, most of the front-runners pitted. At the lap 133 restart, Stewart was the leader followed by Gordon, Johnson, Kurt Busch, and Harvick.
Six laps later, Vickers returned to the race, as Gordon passed Stewart for the first position. On lap 144, Bowyer returned to the race. Four laps later, Allmendinger moved into the ninth position. On the 150th lap, Kurt Busch moved the fourth position. By lap 160, Hamlin moved to eleventh, while Allmendinger moved down to tenth. Twelve laps later, Kyle Busch passed his brother Kurt for the fourth position, as Stewart claimed first. On the 176th lap, Johnson moved to the second position. Eight laps later, Johnson became the leader, as Stewart pitted. On lap 190, Johnson, Jeff Gordon, Newman, Kurt Busch and Hamlin pitted, and Kenseth became the leader. After the green flag pit stops concluded, Johnson continued to be the leader, ahead of Stewart, Gordon, Kyle Busch, and Harvick. By the 201st lap, Stewart fell to fourth, as Gordon and Kyle Busch moved up to the second and third positions.
Four laps later, Gordon passed Johnson to become the leader. On lap 218, the seventh caution was given after Logano's engine failed. Most of the front-runners pitted during the caution. At the lap 225 restart, Gordon was the leader, ahead of Kyle Busch, Harvick, and Stewart, while Johnson restarted in ninth, after having an 18 second pit stop. By lap 236, Johnson had moved up to the fifth position. Four laps later, Dale Earnhardt, Jr. pitted because of a loose wheel. By lap 244, Gordon had a 1.1 second lead over Kyle Busch. Gordon continued to increase his lead over the second position, while Martin passed Menard for the 11th position. On the following lap, Stewart moved into the third position. By the 277th lap, Gordon had a 1.8 second lead over Kyle Busch in second. On lap 282, Kyle Busch pitted, one lap before Gordon, Stewart, and Harvick pitted. On lap 284, Johnson pitted, as the eighth caution was given after Andy Lally collided with the wall. At the lap 290 restart, Stewart was the leader, ahead of Kyle Busch, Gordon, and Johnson.
On the following lap, Kyle Busch became the leader, as Stewart fell to third. On the 294th lap, Johnson passed Stewart to claim the third position. Nine laps later, Gordon passed Kyle Busch to become the leader. Gordon maintained the lead to win his first race of the 2011 season. Kyle Busch finished second, ahead of Johnson in third and Harvick in fourth. Newman clinched the fifth position, after starting 14th.
Post-race.
Gordon appeared in victory lane after his victory lap to start celebrating his first win of the season, and his second Sprint Cup win at Phoenix International Raceway, in front of a crowd of 75,000 people. "I was feeling the emotions, but to see (the fans) react like that. Then the push truck pushed me around and to see them all the way down (the frontstretch) doing that, I was like, ‘I don't know if I've ever experienced something like that.’ And that to me made it all worth it right there to have that feeling," said Gordon of his triumph.
Although Kyle Busch was leading the race near the end, Gordon passed him with nine laps left. Kyle Busch, who finished second, said, "He was on a mission today, that's for sure.When Jeff Gordon has a good car and he has the opportunity to beat you, he's going to beat you. He's my hero. I've always watched him and what he's been able to accomplish over the years." In the subsequent press conference, pole position winner, Edwards, stated his frustration at his accident, "I’m not exactly sure what happened. I’ll have to talk to Kyle about it. I thought at first he was just frustrated and he turned left to get back in line and he didn’t know I was there, but I watched the tape and I think he really did get loose. He hit me hard and I was left with nothing. I got rammed to the infield." Rick Hendrick, the owner of Hendrick Motorsports, expressed his enjoyment of winning the race, but he also stated:
Kyle Busch also commented, "When Jeff Gordon has a good car and he's got the opportunity to beat you, he's going to beat you, there's no doubt about that. He's my hero and I've always watched him and what he's been able to accomplish over the years, so it's no surprise that he beat us." The race result left Kyle Busch leading the Driver's Championship with 80 points. Kurt Busch, who finished eighth, was second on 77, eight points ahead of Stewart and Allmendinger. Gordon was fifth with 65 points. Ford maintained their lead in the Manufacturers' Championship with 12 points. Toyota and Chevrolet placed second and third with the same amount of points, four ahead of Dodge in fourth. 10.36 million people watched the race on television.

</doc>
<doc id="30964656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964656" title="Todd Fowler">
Todd Fowler

Todd Fowler is a former professional American football player who played tight end for four seasons for the Dallas Cowboys

</doc>
<doc id="30964689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964689" title="Used, Zaragoza">
Used, Zaragoza

Used is a municipality in province of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2010 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 328 inhabitants.
It is located in the Campo de Daroca comarca near the Sierra de Santa Cruz.

</doc>
<doc id="30964694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964694" title="Berdyash, Zilairsky District, Republic of Bashkortostan">
Berdyash, Zilairsky District, Republic of Bashkortostan

Berdyash (; ) is a rural locality (a "selo") in Berdyashsky Selsoviet of Zilairsky District of the Republic of Bashkortostan, Russia. Population: 466 (2009 est.); 465 (2002 Census). OKATO code: 80227804001.
The district's population is predominantly Chuvash people (at 65%); Russian population is also significant (30%). Bashkirs comprise 2% of the population.

</doc>
<doc id="30964695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964695" title="Matt Shea">
Matt Shea

Matt Shea represents the 4th Legislative District in Spokane Valley, WA in the Washington House of Representatives. He is a member of the Republican Party.
First elected in 2008, he voted against the Washington State Gay marriage legislation in 2009. The legislation passed. In 2011, he joined a coalition of state legislators from various states opposing birthright citizenship. In 2012, Shea received the National Federation of Independent Business's Guardian of Small Business award for a 100% pro-small business voting record. He was reelected in 2012 with 56.7% of the vote.
Shea endorsed Ron Paul during the 2012 Republican presidential primaries.
In November of 2011, Shea "pulled a gun during a confrontation with another motorist...in what police reports describe as a road rage incident." The driver accused of road rage, by Shea and independent witnesses, stated in the police report that he "did not believe that the driver of the truck pointed a gun at him at any time." Additionally, the driver admitted that he "slammed on his brakes as the Ford Ranger was following him, in an attempt to cause a collision and potentially disable the truck." However, Shea was found to have let his concealed weapons permit expire "years ago". Although cited by Spokane Police for carrying a loaded firearm in his vehicle without a permit and for displaying the firearm in a manner to alarm others, he was charged in court with a single count of having a loaded pistol in his vehicle without a valid permit, resulting in the city agreeing to a stipulated order of continuance. 
Shea has also been the focus of news articles related to angry outbursts at his legislative office and a report that he was disarmed by a commander while he served in Iraq due to anger management issues. 

</doc>
<doc id="30964717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964717" title="Mount Ashigara">
Mount Ashigara

Mount Ashigara (足柄山), also known as Mount Kintoki (金時山), is the northernmost peak of the Hakone caldera, on the border of Kanagawa and Shizuoka prefectures, in the Fuji-Hakone-Izu National Park in Japan. Ashigara is not a remnant of the collapse of the old Hakone volcano itself, but rather a parasitic cone growing from its flank. 
Mount Ashigara is the legendary birthplace of Kintarō. 
Etymology.
The kanji of the mountain's name mean "leg / pattern", but the written form is "ateji", meaning that the kanji were applied phonetically, and not for any symbolic representation of the mountain's characteristics or history. In old songs it is spelled out phonetically as "asigari" (阿之賀利) or "asigara" (安思我良). The name appears to be Ainu, from "*áskar-i" ("pure place") , the locative form of "áskan-ne" ("clean, pure").
Access.
Hakone side
Gotemba side
Minami Ashigara side

</doc>
<doc id="30964727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964727" title="Melodics">
Melodics

Melodics is the features of melody that are characteristic for a particular style, period, or group of composers, e.g. baroque melodics, the melodics of Frédéric Chopin's compositions. Melodics is an element of a musical work which orders the sequence of sounds of different registers and duration time. 
The two basic kinds of melodics – vocal and instrumental – are combined with the main executive means. The rest derive directly from the two above and reciprocally diffuse one another. 
Kinds of melodics.
Obviously in vocal music, besides canticle melodics, figurative and ornamental ones are also encountered, but its performance requires from the singer numerous exercises as the human hearing apparatus is technically confined. What concerns instrumental music - there appear not only typical for it figurative melodics, but also canticle and ornamental melodics. 
On account of the direction of the play we distinguish following kinds of melodics:
Beyond these we have also:
On account of the kind of singing we can distinguish following melodics:

</doc>
<doc id="30964740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964740" title="The Strange Case of Mrs. Hudson's Cat">
The Strange Case of Mrs. Hudson's Cat

"The Strange Case of Mrs. Hudson's Cat: And Other Science Mysteries Solved by Sherlock Holmes" is a non-canonical Sherlock Holmes pastiche novel by Colin Bruce which attempts to teach mathematical concepts via Holmsian mysteries. With Watson's assistance, Holmes solves cases involving elastic space-time and quantum theory.

</doc>
<doc id="30964746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964746" title="Mara, Aragon">
Mara, Aragon

Mara is a municipality in province of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2008 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 212 inhabitants.
It is located in the Comunidad de Calatayud comarca, on a high plateau that is part of the Sierra de Vicort range.

</doc>
<doc id="30964753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964753" title="Hala (given name)">
Hala (given name)

Hala is an Arabic female given name meaning "halo".
It is also an Egyptian and Hebrew name.

</doc>
<doc id="30964762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964762" title="Richard Sweetman">
Richard Sweetman

Richard Sweetman (born 28 July 1990 in Maitland, New South Wales) is an Australian speedway rider who rode for several British teams.
Born in Maitland, the birthplace of motorcycle speedway (1926), Sweetman won the New South Wales Under-21 individual championship in 2007. He has previously ridden for the Swindon Robins, Isle of Wight Islanders, Birmingham Brummies, Belle Vue Aces, and Coventry Bees.
He signed for Leicester Lions for the 2011 season, but was allowed to leave Leicester in June, stating that he wanted to take a break from the sport, only to sign for Glasgow Tigers a few days later.

</doc>
<doc id="30964766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964766" title="Highweek">
Highweek

Highweek, less commonly called Highweek Village, is a former village, now administratively part of the market town of Newton Abbot in South Devon, England. It is prominent and recognisable due to its high location on a ridge on the north edge of the town. Highweek is also a church parish.
The Normans built a motte-and-bailey castle here and it probably remained occupied until the mid 13th century. The church, now a Grade I listed building, was consecrated in 1428 after the villagers petitioned the pope for their own graveyard. Today, the village has been absorbed into Newton Abbot, but it retains its village identity.
History.
The first documentary reference to the place now known as Highweek is as "Teyngewike" in c. 1200. This referred to its position as a settlement (wick from Anglo-Saxon "wic") near the River Teign. By 1301 it was being called "Heghwyk", the reference to the prominent (high) hill on which it stands having taken over though the name "Teignweek" was still in use as late as 1850.
Highweek stands in an area which experienced invasion and settlement in around 700 AD by the Saxons and then by the Danes in 1001 AD, when they sacked and pillaged the nearby village of Kingsteignton. In the village is a Norman motte-and-bailey earthwork known as Castle Dyke, that was built to protect the manor of Teignwick. It is a scheduled monument that is included in the "At Risk" register, but still stands tall "...crowned by two surviving pines."
The parts of the Hundred of Teignbridge—including Teignwick—that lay to the west of the River Teign were owned by the king, but in 1237 Henry III granted them to Sir Theobald de Englishville. De Englishville apparently never married and had no children, and shortly before his death in 1262 he conveyed his lands to his nephew Robert Bushel, who held them until his death in 1269. This was apparently an early death, for he left as his heir a son, named Theobald, aged only four years. Theobald's guardians were Henry and Matilda de Bickleigh and it is likely that they abandoned Castle Dyke in favour of a new manor house built in the nearby valley of the River Lemon around this time.
During the 13th century the settlement north of the River Lemon became known as Newton Bushel after the Bushel family. In 1402 they were succeeded as lords of the manor by the Yardes. Richard Yarde built most of the present Bradley Manor, though a few remnants of the late 13th century Bushel building still survive. -->
Newton Bushel combined with New Town of the Abbots (of Torre Abbey) from the south side of the River Lemon to form what became known as Newton Abbot. Highweek is now joined to Newton Abbot and is administratively part of Newton Abbot under Newton Abbot Town Council and Teignbridge District Council.
Geography.
Highweek is on a ridge that overlooks the South Devon market town of Newton Abbot, the Teign Estuary and the Bovey Basin. To the north west, Haytor and surrounding parts of Dartmoor dominate the skyline, and to the north east the Haldon Hills some 9 miles away towards Exeter can be seen. Immediately north of the village there is the unusual cone shaped hill of Daracombe Beacon that overlooks the ball clay opencast pit of Ringslade Quarry, Howton Road and the 1st Highweek Village Scout Group building. The Beacon has a cluster of trees on its peak and is one of the highest points in Newton Abbot at 82 m. Another high point immediately north of the road of Gaze Hill contains a hidden covered municipal water tank.
The village gives its name to a geological unit (the Highweek Unit) that extends for at least 8 km westwards from the village. The geology underlying Highweek itself is Gurrington slate of Famennian age (a late subdivision of the Devonian period), with small outliers of resistant spilites forming both the ridge on which the church stands and the hills north of the village, such as the aforementioned Daracombe Beacon.
Modern Highweek.
Today Highweek has a public house called the Highweek Village Inn, a garage, village hall, and a late medieval church. Within the parish boundary there are two secondary schools with sixth forms, Coombeshead College and Newton Abbot College, and another church: St Mary the Virgin, Abbotsbury. At the meeting point of the road of Highweek Village and Coombeshead Road there are rustic cottages and terraced houses. There was a village post office into the 1990s, opposite the Highweek Inn at the top of Pitt Hill Road, but it is now residential.
All Saints Church.
By 1427 the parishioners had built a chapel at Highweek, but they had to carry their dead about three miles to the parish church in Kingsteignton. They petitioned Pope Martin V for their own graveyard because "the tides and rivers, and the mud of winter and the intense heat of summer" made the journey "both troublesome and dangerous to accomplish". The pope granted permission in a bull dated 14 May 1427, and the church and its churchyard were consecrated by Edmund Lacy, Bishop of Exeter on 19 April 1428. Until 1864 it remained a chapel of ease to Kingsteignton. All Saints has the Bradley aisle which was built by Richard Yarde of Bradley Manor in the 15th century, and it also had a rood screen that was said to be "beautiful" until it was mutilated in 1786 and later removed completely.
Today, the church is a Church of England place of worship in the Diocese of Exeter, known as Highweek Parish. All Saints shares parishioners in rotating services with the other church in the parish, St Mary the Virgin, Abbotsbury, Church. It is a Grade I listed building. The church sits on a steep sided hill at the end of ridge which runs the length of the village, and is clearly visible for miles around facing St Mary's Wolborough Church on the opposite side of Newton Abbot. The battlemented tower on the west end of the nave carries a flag pole and a lit star at Christmas, which can be seen from Newton Abbot town centre.

</doc>
<doc id="30964767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964767" title="Faculty of Electrical Engineering, University of Sarajevo">
Faculty of Electrical Engineering, University of Sarajevo

The Faculty of Electrical Engineering (Bosnian, Croatian, Serbian: Elektrotehnički Fakultet) or ETF is one of the faculties of University of Sarajevo. The faculty was formed in 1961. The Building of the Faculty of Electrical Engineering is on the campus of the University of Sarajevo.

</doc>
<doc id="30964772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964772" title="List of airports in Sicily">
List of airports in Sicily

This is a list of airports in Sicily, grouped by type and sorted by location.
On the island of Sicily there are six main airports and several smaller airfields catering to general aviation. There are also two small airports on the Sicilian islands of Lampedusa and Pantelleria. In 2011 the airports of Sicily collectively handled 13,257,369 passengers.
History.
The first airfield to open on the island was Catania Airport in May 1924 followed by Palermo-Boccadifalco Airport that was opened on 28 June 1931. In the 1930s, during the Italian fascist era, several airfields such as Trapani-Milo Airport (1936), Comiso Airport (1937), Pantelleria Airport (1938) and Ponte Olivo Airfield were built to control the Mediterranean sea but during World War II all airfields on the islands were heavily bombarded by the British Royal Air Force based on Malta. The construction of Trapani-Chinisia Airfield was completed in 1949 and Trapani-Milo Airport was closed. In 1959 the American military took over the old airfield at Sigonella that had been abandoned since the end of the war. During the 1950s, Palermo's airport was the third-busiest airport by volume of traffic in Italy and construction for a bigger airport began. The new Palermo-Punta Raisi Airport opened in 1960. In 1961, with the completion of Trapani-Birgi Airport commercial flights were moved to the new airport leaving only military activity at Trapani-Chinisa, which eventually closed altogether in 1970. In 1968 Lampedusa Airport was completed.
Airports.
Airport names shown in bold have scheduled passenger service on commercial airlines.
Former airports.
All the following airports were opened before IATA and ICAO codes were used but each Italian airport had an ID number used by the Italian Regia Aeronautica to codify the airfield.
Other old airport codes were 507 for "Palermo-Boccadifalco", 503 for "Catania", 508 for "Comiso" and 515 for "Pantelleria".
Former water aerodromes.
During the 1920s and 1930s flights were operated from the Sicilian water aerodromes of Siracusa and Marsala to the cities of Rome and Naples on the Italian mainland and to the cities of Tripoli and Benghazi in Libya, using seaplanes and amphibious aircraft. There was also a postal service from Palermo's harbour there to Naples and a passenger-service on the route Rome-Palermo-Tunis. Enna-Nicoletti Water Aerodrome, located on a lake in central Sicily, was opened in 2007 and closed the following year.

</doc>
<doc id="30964773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964773" title="Rolf Monsen">
Rolf Monsen

Rolf Monsen (1899 – 1987) was an American skier, born in Oslo, Norway. He competed in ski jumping, cross country skiing and Nordic combined. His best Olympic result was at the 1928 Winter Olympics in St. Moritz, where he placed sixth in ski jumping.

</doc>
<doc id="30964781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964781" title="List of national parks of East Timor">
List of national parks of East Timor

This is a list of National Parks of East Timor. The national parks of East Timor are run by the Department of Protected Areas and National Parks. The first park, Nino Konis Santana National Park, was established in 2007. 

</doc>
<doc id="30964792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964792" title="John Francis Bannon">
John Francis Bannon

John Francis Bannon (1905 – June 5, 1986) was a Jesuit and a historian of the American West, especially of matters related to the Spanish borderlands.
Bannon received his bachelors and masters degrees from Saint Louis University. He then completed his Ph.D. at the University of California, Berkeley. Bannon was a professor at Saint Louis University for several years. Bannon's work "The Spanish Borderland Frontier, 1513-1821" published in 1970 is the seminal work on the subject.
Saint Louis University has a chair of history named for Bannon.

</doc>
<doc id="30964853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964853" title="Henri de Contenson">
Henri de Contenson

Henri de Contenson (born 4 March 1926, in Paris), is a French Archaeologist and was Research Director at CNRS, The Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique (National Center for Scientific Research), a research organization funded by France's Ministry of Research.
A student of André Parrot, Raymond Lantier and André Leroi-Gourhan, he was Assistant Director of archaeological digs in the Middle East from 1951 to 1976. The results of his work are documented in numerous publications.
Positions held.
National Center for Scientific Research:
Society Memberships.
Henry Contenson is a special member of the following scientific societies:
Bibliography.
2 - Articles
(In collaboration with Jacques Clere) Anthropologie et pathologie dans le Néolithique final de Ras Shamra, Etudes ougaritiques II. Le Néolithique précéramique de Tell el-Farah, in P. de Miroschedji, Le Néolithique et le Chalcolithique de Tell el-Farah. La Période Chalcolithique, in W. Orthmann (éd.), Archéologie et Histoire de la Syrie I. La Syrie de la préhistoire à la fin de l'époque araménne, Schriften zur Archäologie, Saarbrücken.

</doc>
<doc id="30964882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964882" title="Sino-Russian relations since 1991">
Sino-Russian relations since 1991

Diplomatic relations between People's Republic of China and the Russian Federation dramatically improved after the dissolution of the Soviet Union and the establishment of the Russian Federation in 1991. The two countries share a long land border which was demarcated in 1991, and they signed a Treaty of Good-Neighborliness and Friendly Cooperation in 2001. On the eve of a 2013 state visit to Moscow by Chinese President Xi Jinping, Russian President Vladimir Putin remarked that the two nations were forging a special relationship.
History.
China and the USSR experienced significant geopolitical tension after the Sino-Soviet split in 1961, and fought a brief border war in 1969. This enmity began to lessen after the death of Mao Zedong, but relations were poor until the fall of the Soviet Union.
On December 23, 1992, Russian President Boris Yeltsin made his first official visit to China. During the visit, Boris Yeltsin and Chinese President Yang Shangkun signed a Joint Statement on the Foundation of Mutual Relations, in which the two countries pledged to establish good-neighborly, friendly and mutually beneficial relations; Chinese and Russian officials also signed 24 joint statements, documents and memoranda of understanding on cooperation across a range of issues, including border demarcation and reductions in troop levels, especially in military regions and districts bordering each other.
On September 3, 1994 at the end of a summit meeting in Moscow, Yeltsin and Chinese President Jiang Zemin issued a joint statement defining their bilateral relationship as a ‘constructive partnership’. The two leaders pledged that their countries will not initiate the use of nuclear weapons and will not target their strategic nuclear forces against each other.
On May 3, 1998 the Russian and Chinese foreign ministries exchanged notes confirming the start of the telephone Hotline link between the two countries’ presidents. In December of that year, at the end of Prime Minister Li Peng’s visit to Moscow, Russia and China issue a joint communique pledging to build an ‘equal and reliable partnership’. This reinforced the Sino-Russian views that the United States was their main competitor in the global political scene.
In 2001, the close relations between the two countries were formalized with the "Treaty of Good-Neighborliness and Friendly Cooperation", a twenty-year strategic, economic, and – controversially and arguably – an implicit military treaty. A month before the treaty was signed, the two countries joined with junior partners Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan and Uzbekistan in the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO). The organization is expected to counter the growing influence of the United States military outreach program in Central Asia. The PRC is currently a key purchaser and licensee of Russian military equipment, some of which has been instrumental in the modernization of the People's Liberation Army. The PRC is also main beneficiary of the Russian Eastern Siberia – Pacific Ocean oil pipeline.
Border.
During USSR's last years and after it dissolved it was highly important on the Russian agenda to settle the Russian-Sino border. Gorbachev needed to substantially reduce Soviet troops on the border with China so that he could allocate national resources to a more urgent priority of the Soviet Union, its economy.
Against this background, In 1991, the Sino-Russian Border Agreement was signed apportioning territory that became contested during the Sino-Soviet border conflict. The initial 1991 agreement left the most sensitive parts for a later stage. The joint demarcation commission proceeded based on the terms stipulated in the 1991 agreement, and moved forward with a special emphasis on the technical aspects of hydrographic measurement and topography. They also created practical solutions to address cross-border problems, such as several agreements onvisiting schemes for the two countries’ nationals to border areas, and joint economic use of parts of territories in Zabaykalsky Krai’. On China’s side, the negotiations were affected by the Tiananmen incident in 1989 and Deng Xiaoping’s reform policy: the high priority placed on these internal tasks enhanced Chinese willingness to settle territorial disputes with Russia. Uprisings in Xinjiang in the 1990s also pushed China to settlement with Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, and Tajikistan on borders facing that province. Chinese leaders were eager to gain support from the Kazakh, Kyrgyz, and Tajik governments to prevent separatism and the spread strengthening of pan-Islamic and pan-Turkic groups in Xinjiang.
In 1990–91, Russia and China agreed to withdraw their military from their heavily fortified positions along their extensive border, including in the sensitive Tumen River area. Major navy and army facilities in Khasan District, Russia, were dismantled. Sino-Russian border trade resumed as early as 1983–85, but accelerated in 1990–91, when border crossings were re-opened to private traders and travellers, Vladivostok was declared an open city, and foreigners were able to travel freely to the border regions of both countries. In 1991, China also began a new round of economic reforms, and introduced new measures to accelerate foreign investment, which began to have a favourable impact in the Tumen River area. Similarly, in early 1992, China announced border trade incentives and the introduction of special border economic zones along the Sino-Russian border, including its largest, in Hunchun.
On May 29, 1994 During the visit of Russian Prime Minister Viktor Chernomyrdin to Beijing, Russian and Chinese officials sign an Agreement on the Sino-Russian Border Management System intended to facilitate border trade and hinder criminal activity. On September 3 that year, a demarcation agreement was signed fixing the boundary along a disputed 55-km stretch of the western Sino-Russian border.
In November 1997 at a summit meeting in Beijing, Yeltsin and Jiang Zemin signed an agreement settling the demarcation of the disputed 4300-km eastern sector of the Russian–Chinese border in accordance with the provisions of a May 1991 demarcation agreement between China and the Soviet Union.
The 2004 Complementary Agreement between the People's Republic of China and the Russian Federation on the Eastern Section of the China–Russia Boundary stated that Russia agrees to transfer a part of Abagaitu Islet, whole Yinlong (Tarabarov) Island, about a half of Bolshoy Ussuriysky Island and some adjacent islets to China. A border dispute between Russia and China, standing since Japanese invasion of Manchuria of 1931, was resolved. These Amur River islands were until then administered by Russia and claimed by China. The event was meant to foster feelings of reconciliation and cooperation between the two countries by their leaders. The transfer has been ratified by both the Chinese National People's Congress and the Russian State Duma. The official transfer ceremony was held on-site October 14, 2008.
The Republic of China, based on Taiwan, refused to relinquish its claims to parts of disputed islands remained in Russian possession.
Economic relations.
In October 2011, in a joint press conference following talks with Chinese officials, Putin said the sides intend to cooperate in high-tech sectors such as aircraft manufacturing, nanotechnology, biotechnology, computer science, and medicine.
Most of Russia's exports to China are from the mining and petrochemicals sector.
Energy relations.
Since the dissolution of the USSR in 1991, energy relations between China and Russia have been generally marked by cooperation and a regard for mutual geopolitical and strategic interests. China's fast-growing economy places increasing pressure on itself to secure energy imports, while Russia's economy is largely driven by the demand for the export of natural resources. China became a petroleum importer for the first time in 1993, has become the world's second-largest oil consuming country as of 2011, and the world's largest overall energy consumer as of 2010. In a report released January 2012, the China Petroleum and Chemical Industry Federation estimated that the country's crude oil consumption will increase to 480 million tonnes in 2012, or 9.6 million barrels per day. The group also forecast that natural gas consumption would rise 15.3 percent to 148.2 billion cubic meters (bcd). While energy relations have primarily around hydrocarbons of oil, gas, and coal, there have been partnerships with regard to nuclear and renewable (wind and water) energy technology.
From the mid-1990s, when the tightening of global energy markets coincided with his rise to power, Russian President Vladimir Putin has signaled the importance of oil and particularly natural gas for Russia's emergence as a global power. Long-term prospects for Russian gas exports to China will be affected by several global pricing trends. Surges in liquefied natural gas (LNG) capacity, the increasingly competitive nature of Central Asian gas supplies, advances in shale gas technology, and potential greenhouse gas policies may all impact Chinese consumption.
Despite frequent declarations of goodwill and bilateral energy cooperation, Chinese-Russian energy relations since 1991 have been limited by mutual suspicions, pricing concerns, inadequate transportation infrastructure, and competition for influence in Eurasia. Russian leaders have expressed growing concerns regarding Chinese, Japanese and Korean settlement in the energy-rich but sparsely-populated Russian Far East as well as increased Chinese investment in and control of Russian energy ventures. China's growing oil and gas partnerships with former Soviet Central Asian republics like Kazakhstan, Turkmenistan, and Tajikistan have also been a source of conflict, as Chinese policy makers act warily in this region given Moscow’s traditional dominant regional influence. (See references below).
History.
The official relationship between the People's Republic of China and the Russian Federation has been upgraded three times since the establishment of diplomatic relations in 1991. Beginning as “good-neighborly and mutually beneficial” in December 1992, it evolved into a “constructive partnership” in September 1994, and finally a “strategic partnership of coordination” in April 1996. In September 1999, the two countries began joint construction of a nuclear power station at Lianyungang, Jiangsu Province with an installed capacity of 2 million kW, one of the first situations of mutual energy cooperation. The late 1990s also marked the beginning of feasibility studies for natural gas and oil pipeline projects in Western and Eastern Siberia. In 2001, Russian company Yukos proposed the unprecedented Eastern Siberia-Pacific Ocean (ESPO) Oil Pipeline Project, which would link Yukos's oil refinery in Angarsk to Daqing, in northern China. At the time, rail routes were the only means of transporting oil into the growing Chinese market.
The project stalled in October 2003, when Yukos chief executive Mikhail Khodorkovsky was arrested on charges including tax evasion and fraud, and the Russian government launched an immediate investigation into the company. Many speculated that the series of events were politically motivated, given that Mr. Khodorkovsky had been a vocal opponent of President Putin.
In September 2004, Chinese premier Wen Jiabao met with Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Fradkov in Moscow, where the two heads of government signed agreements affirming Russia's promise to set the route of a proposed pipeline from Eastern Siberia to the Pacific, with priority given to laying a pipeline spur to China, as well as to increase rail oil exports to China to 10 million tons (200,000 b/d) in 2005 and 15 million tons (300,000 b/d) in 2006. Four days before Wen's visit, Yukos, then the largest supplier of Russian oil to China and Russia's biggest oil producer, publicly announced rail shipments of crude oil to the China National Petroleum Corporation (CNPC) would end beginning on September 28, 2004. The Kremlin had begun auctioning off the troubled company's operating assets a month prior in August.
Gazprom, Soyuzneftegaz, and the Chinese Embassy in Moscow all expressed interest in Yuganskneftegaz, a main arm of Yukos. In the same month, the Chinese Foreign Ministry denied that China provided "funds" for the deal. The Foreign Ministry could not confirm whether there were any "loans" involved, ministry spokesman Kong Quan said.
State-owned Lukoil became China's largest Russian oil supplier when CNPC reached a strategic cooperation agreement with the company in September 2006.
In 2006, Gazprom was made responsible for all exports of gas from Russia's eastern Siberian fields, outside of sales made through production sharing agreements (PSAs). This was another move widely seen to be politically motivated, since successful commercial development of these fields and export to Asian markets would be impossible without Gazprom – and therefore Kremlin – involvement. Two years prior, Gazprom acknowledged in an annual shareholder report a plan for supplying natural gas to China. Two routes, roughly equal in capacity, would be constructed, with a total volume of 68 billion cubic meters of gas per annum. An Altai pipeline would link West Siberian fields with the Xinjiang-Uyghur Autonomous Region in western China, while the eastern pipeline would run from Yakutia into northeastern China.
Chinese domestic natural gas consumption roughly matched domestic production in 2004. Since, however, its rate of growth and more sustainable energy profile compared to oil inevitably led to a surge in Chinese natural gas imports. In March 2006, CNPC signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) with Gazprom for the delivery of natural gas to China, which officially began pricing negotiations between Gazprom chief executive Alexei Miller and Chen Geng, then head of the CNPC. In September 2007, the Russian Federation Industry and Energy Ministry approved a development plan for an integrated gas production, transportation, and supply system in Eastern Siberia and the Far East, taking into account potential gas exports to China and other Asia-Pacific countries. Gazprom was appointed by the Russian Government as the Eastern Gas Program execution coordinator.
Russia's desire to diversify its export markets has been matched by China's willingness to invest in Russian energy production and infrastructure. Russian policymakers, however, have expressed reserve about increased Chinese influence in the energy sector. In 2002, CNPC attempted to bid for Russian oil firm Slavneft, but withdrew just weeks later. International news sources suggested the bid failed partly due to anti-foreign sentiment in the Duma, Russia's lower parliamentary house. Slavneft was privatized by parity owners TNK (later OAO TNK-BP) and Sibneft (later OAO Gazprom Neft) soon afterwards. In 2004, Slavneft was then acquired by TNK-BP, the product of a merger between the Alfa Access Renova Consortium (AAR, Alfa Group) and British Petroleum (BP).)
In 2006, Russia denied CNPC a significant stake in OAO Rosneft. When the Russian company went public, CNPC was allowed to purchase $500 million worth of shares, one-sixth of the $3 billion it had sought. In 2009 and 2010, China's long-term energy-backed loans (EBL) extended large sums of capital to companies and entities not only in Russia, but also in Brazil, Ecuador, Turkmenistan and Venezuela. .
Growing Chinese investment is speculated to be about more than energy security for China. Chinese news agency Xinhua reported in 2010 that many Chinese enterprises believe the Russian market will allow them to become truly global. Gao Jixiang, Associate Research Fellow of the Russian Economy Research Office of the Russia, East Europe, and Central Asia Research Institute of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, reported that China's investments in Russia totaled $1.374 billion as of 2007, and were projected to reach $12 billion by 2020. In 2008–09 alone, total investments rose 25.4% to $2.24 billion and direct investment went from $240 million to $410 million.
2009 marked the 60th anniversary of established diplomatic relations between Moscow and Beijing, and also coincided with the signing of over 40 contracts worth roughly $3 billion.
Growing economic closeness also seemed to suggest a growing political alliance. In an interview with China Central TV on the day of Hu's arrival in Russia, Medvedev cited the high-level exchanges and other bilateral achievements in what both governments refer to as their "strategic partnership" as evidence of what he called "the highest level of ties in the history of Russian-Chinese relations." During Hu's visit, however, Gazprom announced it could not begin delivering natural gas to China in 2011 as planned, because of pricing disagreements. Construction of the Western Siberian Altai pipeline, which could deliver over 30 billion cubic meters of natural gas annually to China, was supposed to begin in 2008. A senior Gazprom official observed, "As soon as there is a price, we will start the construction, but this is a complicated issue."
September 27, 2010 marked the completion of the Russia-China Crude Pipeline. Stretching from Russia's Skovorodino station to China's Mohe station, it was the first pipeline ever built between China and Russia. Upon the pipeline's completion in 2010, CNPC also signed a general agreement with Transneft over the operation of the pipeline, a framework agreement with Gazprom to import natural gas to China from 2015 onwards, an agreement with Rosneft on extending oil supply to the Russia-China Crude Pipeline, and an agreement with Lukoil on expanding strategic cooperation. Both sides hailed the series of agreements as a "new era" in co-operation, and Russia's Deputy Prime Minister Igor Sechin told reporters in Beijing that Russia was "ready to meet China's full demand in gas" going forward. 
Andrei Slepnev, a Russian deputy economic development minister, announced in 2009 that Russia and China not only had good prospects for cooperation in oil and gas, but also nuclear power engineering as well as space exploration. However, as of 2011, Russian officials have remained reluctant to transfer nuclear energy technologies and other knowledge products to Chinese partners. Industry experts have pointed out that while proprietary technology would protect Russian exports from being displaced by lower-cost Chinese products in third-party markets, such an approach may reinforce Chinese doubts about Russia’s reliability as a long-term energy partner.
The Russian oil industry has not only been burdened by corporate struggles such as with Yukos and political disagreements between the countries, but also by the reoccurring breaches in safety. From the Kazakh riots but most recently the capsizing of an oil platform that was allowed to operate in the north late in the season and was being towed under adverse maritime conditions. Incidents such as these cannot help but give potential foreign investment, which the region needs, pause as to the reliability of Russian energy supplies.
Russian Far East (RFE).
In 1996, the Russian Federation completed two production sharing agreements (PSA) for oil and gas exploration off the northeast coast of the Sakhalin Islands. The Sakhalin-I project, operated by Exxon Neftegas Limited (ENL), has estimated potential recoverable reserves are estimated at 307 million tons of oil (2.3 billion bbn) and 485 billion cubic meters of gas as of 2002. ENL, a subsidiary of US-based ExxonMobil, holds a 30 percent interest in the project while Rosneft holds 20 percent via its affiliates RN-Astra (8.5 percent) and Sakhalinmorneftegas-Shelf (11.5 percent). Japanese consortium SODECO and Indian state-owned oil company ONGC Videsh Ltd. holds the remaining 50 percent (30 and 20 percent, respectively).
The Sakhalin-II project is managed by the Sakhalin Energy Investment Company Ltd. (Sakhalin Energy). As of 2011, Russian state monopoly Gazprom holds 50% plus 1 share, RoyalDutch Shell 27.5%, Mitsui 12.5% and Mitsubishi 10%. Gazprom purchased its majority stake from Sakhalin-2 operator Royal Dutch Shell in 2006. The project had been placed permanently on hold by environmental regulators, but moved forward after the sale. The series of events led to widespread speculation that environmental violations may have been used to as a bargaining chip in the deal. Sakhalin-II consists of two 800-km pipelines running from the northeast of the island to Prigorodnoye (Prigorodnoe) in Aniva Bay at the southern end. The consortium built Russia's first liquefied natural gas (LNG) plant at Prigorodnoye. Industry sources speculated that "some in Russia hope to sell China gas from Sakhalin-2's or other facilities' future LNG holdings now that it has mastered the technology". Sakhalin-II LNG first started flowing in 2009, heading to markets in Japan, South Korea and the United States.
In December 2003, CNPC and Sakhalin Energy signed a frame agreement on exploration and development in Russia’s Sakhalin oilfield Negotiations were concluded in October 2006, when Exxon and CNPC officially announced an agreement. Under the deal, Sakhalin-1 could sell up to 10 billion cubic meters of gas to China over 20 years by pipeline. The plan met strong opposition from Gazprom, which has a rival pipeline project and controls all Russian gas exports apart from sales through PSAs such as Sakhalin-1.
The influence of Russia's regional energy trade has led to a sense of local uneasiness as to the foreign countries' influence. In 2000, President Putin warned a Siberian audience that unless Russia intensified the region's development, the Russian Far East would end up speaking Chinese, Japanese and Korean. In 2002, the Deputy Secretary of the Russian Security Council, Vladimir Potapov, expressed serious concerns about the region's combined remoteness, weak infrastructure, declining population, and wealth "in very diverse resources". Political figures like Viktor Ozerov, Chairman of the Federation Council's Defense and Security Committee, warned of military threats in the Far East and decried the predatory use of the region's resources, and large-scale illegal immigration, though scholars pointed out that no imminent threat was visible. Dmitri Trenin stated that, 'the principal domestic reason is the situation of eastern Russia, especially East Siberia and the Russian Far East. Since the collapse of the Soviet Union, the territories have been going through a deep crisis. The former model of their development is inapplicable; a new model is yet to be devised and implemented. Meanwhile, the vast region has been going through depopulation, deindustrialization, and general degradation. ... The quality of Moscow's statesmanship will be tested by whether it can rise up to the challenge in the East." The RFE has been one of the most difficult areas to transition between the structure of the Soviet Union and the still developing Russian state due to the lack of economic self-sufficiency in the region or any prospects of stable growth.
In September 2005, the Minister of Economic Development and Trade German Gref promised a doubling of state support for the RFE to $612 million in 2006, and consideration of allocating a new $2.5 billion infrastructure fund for projects there. A year later, at the end of 2006, Putin reiterated that the socio-economic isolation of the RFE represented a threat to national security, and advocated yet another new socioeconomic commission and regional development strategy to be formed. He specifically pointed to perceived threat of foreign immigration in the Far East. Scholars and regional experts have suggested that the China's rapid economic growth (especially relative to Russia's GDP growth rate) lies at the bottom of anxieties concerning the RFE. While the Russian and Chinese economies were roughly the same size in 1993, China's grew to over 3.5 times larger than Russia's by 2008. Even since 1998, when Russia began a rapid economic recovery, China has grown at a faster rate; the gap has only widened since the global economic crisis and falling energy prices of the late 2000s. China's growth has led to the creation of new productive capacity, whereas Russia's recovery has been based largely on reutilizing Soviet-era capacity that had idled in the early 1990s. China's growing appetite for raw materials therefore coincides with Russia's increasing dependency on foreign investment.
Russian officials have repeatedly reiterated their opposition to being merely China's natural resources storehouse. As early as 2001, Deputy Prime Minister and Finance Minister Aleksei Kudrin warned that if Russia failed to become "a worthy economic partner" for Asia and the Pacific Rim, "China and the Southeast Asian countries will steamroll Siberia and the Far East." At the start of his presidency in September 2008, Dmitri Medvedev echoed similar concerns, warning a Kamchatka audience that if Russia fails to develop the RFE it could turn into a raw material base for more developed Asian countries and "unless we speed up our efforts, we can lose everything."
Regional experts have pointed out that despite these increasingly vocal concerns, the local economy of the RFE has become increasingly reliant on Chinese goods, services, and labor over the past decade; furthermore, local out-migration shows little sign of reversing. For all the early promise under Putin, Moscow's policy towards the RFE has not seemed effective as of 2008
Dmitri Trenin of the Moscow branch of the Carnegie Endowment has argued that Siberia's development could become Russia's most urgent challenge. Failure to develop the region into more than a raw material outpost could lead to what he calls a Chinese takeover of the region, not by migration but rather by economic means of trade and investment. 
Russia's plans for this region have revolved around building energy infrastructure to leverage exports and attracting investment so that the capital will be available for modernizing regional infrastructure. These plans largely depend on foreign investments, which Russian companies have grudgingly acknowledged. In 2008, a consortium of Chinese engineering firms led by Harbin Turbine signed an agreement with Russian power producer OGK to produce coal-fired turbines in the RFE, adding 41,000 megawatts of new generating capacity by 2011. Stanislav Nevynitsyn, Executive Director of OGK, admitted, "It is simply a necessity for us to work with the Chinese – we will not get the capacity built otherwise." In the same year, after having excluded foreign firms from bidding on the huge Udokan copper mine in Southeast Siberia, Moscow welcomed Chinese, South Korean, and Kazakh miners and refiners back into the bidding process.
As part of the 'Russia's Energy Strategy till 2020' the Russian government launched a program of creating a unified gas production, transportation and supply system in Eastern Siberia and the RFE in 2006. The program would ultimately provide affirmation of an all-Russia gas system from the Baltic Sea up to the Pacific Ocean." Russian policymakers have also suggested building an international center for spent fuel and nuclear energy in the RFE, hoping to raise the profile in the export of nuclear energy to the global market.
In 2009, Gazprom was awarded subsurface licenses for the Kirinsky, Vostochno-Odoptinsky and Ayashsky blocks to begin the Sakhalin-III project.
Central Asia.
in 1996, China, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Russia and Tajikistan formed the Shanghai Five, a collaborative body that was renamed the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO) with the addition of Uzbekistan in 2001. As members of the SCO, China and Russia have cooperated in military exercises like counterterrorism drills in Kyrgyzstan in 2002 and in Kazakhstan and China in 2003.
Russian and Chinese leaders regularly call for greater cooperation and coordination in the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation between their two countries in the context of their broader goal of promoting of multilateral diplomacy. In a joint statement issued on May 23, 2008, Russia and China asserted that “International security is comprehensive and inalienable, and some countries’ security cannot be guaranteed at the cost of some others’, including expanding military and political allies.” Zhao Huasheng, Director of Russian and Central Asian Studies at Fudan University’s Shanghai Cooperation Center, has argued that economic cooperation will ensure the long-term relevance of the SCO, as current security threats recede. While China and Russia do enjoy some bilateral energy cooperation, which experts predict will continue to grow in the future, the two countries have emerged as rivals for Central Asian oil and gas supplies. With the rise in the price of oil in the mid-2000s, Russia has sought to renew its influence in Central Asia, in particular the region's southern flank, to guarantee access to gas supplies for reexport to Europe and for its own domestic needs. As China’s energy needs have grown and its policymakers have sought to develop its western provinces, China, too, has sought to expand its influence in Central Asia.
In 2007, at a meeting of SCO prime ministers in Tashkent, Russian Premier Viktor Zubkov reiterated Moscow's desire to forge a Central Asian energy "club" within the SCO, which comprises Russia, China, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan and Uzbekistan. The SCO energy club could be set up as soon as 2008, Russian Deputy Industry and Energy Minister Ivan Materov announced in Tashkent. However, he insisted that the club would not amount to a sort of mini-OPEC. Political and economic analysts in Moscow believe the Kremlin is keen to establish an energy club as a means to prevent a possible clash with China over Central Asia's energy resources.
At a May 2007 SCO summit in Turkmenbashi, Russian, Kazakh and Turkmen leaders announced the expansion of the Prikaspiisky gas pipeline from Turkmenistan into Russia. The plan has stalled due to several obstacles, including price disagreements and the economic recession of the late 2000s. (Ibid).
Uncertainty over the Prikaspiisky route has given China an opening, especially in Turkmenistan. During a brief visit to Ashgabat, Prime Minister Wen Jiabao called for efforts "to step up bilateral trade cooperation to a new level." Berdymukhamedov, in turn, expressed interest in "working closely" with China on a natural gas pipeline project, Xinhua reported. In December 2005, Kazakhstani President Nursultan Nazarbayev inaugurated Atasu-Alashankou pipeline to ship oil to China. The $800 million Atasu-Alashankou route still needs Russian crude from Western Siberian, transported via the Omsk-Pavlodar-Shymkent pipeline, to reach its full annual capacity of 20 million tons by 2010. Although China and its Central Asian partners view their expanding cooperation as a means of diversifying their energy partnerships, Russia has enjoyed success in other major energy projects. In November 2007, two Russian companies (TNK-BP and GazpromNeft) signed an agreement with KazTransOil to ship up to 5 million tons oil annually to China via the Omsk-Pavlodar-Atasu-Alanshakou pipeline. In the first quarter of 2008, 300,000 tons of Russian crude were exported to China along this route. Moreover, a Russian engineering company, Stroytransgaz, won a tender to build Turkmenistan’s section of the gas pipeline to China.
Latest developments in May 2014, announced that China and Russia reached a 30 year gas deal where "Russia would supply 38 billion cubic meters of natural gas each year to China". These developments continue to show Russia and China's attempts to work together outside of USA confinements.
Trade in national currencies.
On November 23, 2010, at a meeting of the Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin and the Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao, it was announced that Russia and China have decided to use their own national currencies for bilateral trade, instead of the U.S. dollar. The move is aimed to further improve the relations between Beijing and Moscow and to protect their domestic economies in the conditions of the world financial crisis. The trading of the Chinese yuan against the Russian ruble has started in the Chinese interbank market, while the yuan's trading against the ruble is expected to start on the Russian foreign exchange market in December 2010.
In coordination with other emerging economies the second BRIC summit was held in Brasília in April 2010.
Military relations.
After the EU arms embargo on China imposed after the Tiananmen Square protests of 1989, China became a reliable client for Russian military exports, making up 25–50% of all foreign military sales. On November 9, 1993, Russian Defence Minister Pavel Grachev and Chinese Defence Minister Chi Haotian sign a five-year defence cooperation agreement paving the way for
an increase in the number of military attachés stationed in their respective capitals. On July 12, 1994 the Russian and Chinese defence ministers signed a border security agreement designed to prevent potentially dangerous military incidents, such as unintentional radar jamming and airspace violations.
On October 19, 1999, Defence Minister of China, General Chi Haotian, after meeting with Syrian Defence Minister Mustafa Tlass in Damascus, Syria, to discuss expanding military ties between Syria and China, then flew directly to Israel and met with Ehud Barak, the then Prime Minister and Defence Minister of Israel where they discussed military relations. Among the military arrangements was a 1 billion dollar Israeli Russian sale of military aircraft to China, which were to be jointly produced by Russia and Israel.
In 2004, the Russian Foreign Ministry blocked both the sale of the Su-35 and Tupolev Tu-22M bombers to China over concerns about the arrangements for Chinese production of the Sukhoi Su-27SK (known as the Shenyang J-11). Originally, the licensing agreement required that engines and avionics be sourced by Russian suppliers, however by 2004 these components were being produced domestically.
International mail.
According to a 2011 report, international mail between China and Russia normally travels through Beijing and Moscow. However, the postal authorities of the two countries considered setting up mail exchange operation in Blagoveshchensk (opposite Heihe), in order to speed up mail transport between the Russian Far East and Northeastern China.

</doc>
<doc id="30964888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964888" title="Expenditures in the United States federal budget">
Expenditures in the United States federal budget

The United States federal budget contains a number of expenditures, which include mandatory programs such as the Medicare and Social Security programs, military spending, and discretionary funding for Cabinet Departments (e.g., United States Department of Justice) and agencies (e.g., Securities & Exchange Commission).
During FY 2012, the federal government spent $3.54 trillion on a budget or cash basis, down $60 billion or 1.7% vs. FY 2011 spending of $3.60 trillion. Major categories of FY 2012 spending included: Medicare & Medicaid ($802B or 23% of spending), Social Security ($768B or 22%), Defense Department ($670B or 19%), non-defense discretionary ($615B or 17%), other mandatory ($461B or 13%) and interest ($223B or 6%). Social Security spending increased versus 2011 while Defense, Medicare and Medicaid spending fell.
Expenditures are classified as mandatory, with payments required by specific laws, or discretionary, with payment amounts renewed annually as part of the budget process. Expenditures averaged 20.6% GDP from 1971 to 2008, generally ranging +/-2% GDP from that level. The 2012 spend was 22.8% GDP, versus 2011 spend of 24.1% GDP.
Over the past 40 years, mandatory spending for programs such as Medicare and Social Security has grown as a share of the budget and relative to GDP, while other discretionary categories have declined. Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security grew from 4.3% of GDP in 1971 to 10.1% of GDP in 2012.
In the long-run, expenditures related to Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid are growing considerably faster than the economy overall as the population matures. The Congressional Budget Office estimates that Social Security spending will rise from 4.8% of GDP in 2009 to 6.2% of GDP by 2035, where it will stabilize. However, CBO expects Medicare and Medicaid to continue growing, rising from 5.3% GDP in 2009 to 10.0% in 2035 and 19.0% by 2082. CBO has indicated healthcare spending per beneficiary is the primary long-term fiscal challenge. Further, multiple government and private sources have indicated the overall expenditure path is unsustainable.
Discretionary vs. mandatory spending.
Discretionary spending requires an annual appropriation bill, which is a piece of legislation. Discretionary spending is typically set by the House and Senate Appropriations Committees and their various subcommittees. Since the spending is typically for a fixed period (usually a year), it is said to be under the "discretion" of the Congress. Some appropriations last for more than one year (see Appropriation bill for details). In particular, multi-year appropriations are often used for housing programs and military procurement programs.
Direct spending, also known as mandatory spending, refers to spending enacted by law, but not dependent on an annual or periodic appropriation bill. Most mandatory spending consists of entitlement programs such as Social Security benefits, Medicare, and Medicaid. These programs are called "entitlements" because individuals satisfying given eligibility requirements set by past legislation are entitled to Federal government benefits or services. Many other expenses, such as salaries of Federal judges, are mandatory, but account for a relatively small share of federal spending.
The Congressional Budget Office (CBO) reports the costs of mandatory spending programs in a variety of annual and special topic publications. Congress can affect spending on entitlement programs by changing eligibility requirements or the structure of programs. Certain entitlement programs, because the language authorizing them are included in appropriation bills, are termed "appropriated entitlements." This is a convention rather than a substantive distinction, since the programs, such as Food Stamps, would continue to be funded even if the appropriation bill were to be vetoed or otherwise not enacted.
Mandatory spending and entitlements.
Social Security and Medicare expenditures are funded by permanent appropriations and so are considered mandatory spending according to the 1997 Budget Enforcement Act (BEA). Social Security and Medicare are sometimes called "entitlements," because people meeting relevant eligibility requirements are legally entitled to benefits, although most pay taxes into these programs throughout their working lives.
Some programs, such as Food Stamps, are appropriated entitlements. Some mandatory spending, such as Congressional salaries, is not part of any entitlement program. Funds to make federal interest payments have been automatically appropriated since 1847.
As a share of federal budget, mandatory spending has increased over time. Mandatory spending accounted for 53% of total federal outlays in FY2008, with net interest payments accounting for an additional 8.5%. In 2011, mandatory spending had increased to 56% of federal outlays.
From 1991 to 2011, mandatory spending grew from 10.1 percent to 13.6 percent of GDP, according to figures from the Congressional Budget Office. This spending is expected to continue to increase as a share of GDP. According to the conservative Heritage Foundation, spending on Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid will rise from 8.7% of GDP in 2010, to 11.0% by 2020 and to 18.1% by 2050.
Since the federal government has historically collected about 18.4% of GDP in tax revenues, this means these three mandatory programs may absorb all federal revenues sometime around 2050. Unless these long-term fiscal imbalances are addressed by reforms to these programs, raising taxes or drastic cuts in discretionary programs, the federal government will at some point be unable to pay its obligations without significant risk to the value of the dollar (inflation).
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, in 2011 49.1% of the U.S. population lived in a household where at least one household member received a government benefit including Social Security and Medicare.
This figure represented an increase from 30% in the early 1980s and 44.4% in 2008. While federal outlay for welfare was reduced by half since 1996, programs such as food stamps have seen increases in spending. In 2012, 35% of the U.S. population lived in a household that received government benefits, counting only means-tested programs such as food stamps, housing assistance and Medicaid.
Mandatory programs are affected by demographic trends. The number of workers continues declining relative to those receiving benefits. For example, the number of workers per retiree was 5.1 in 1960; this declined to 3.3 in 2007 and is projected to decline to 2.1 by 2040. According to census data for 2011, 16% of the population lived in a household where at least one individual received Social Security and 15% lived in a household where at least one individual received Medicare. From 2012 to 2027, approximately 78 million individuals will retire and begin receiving Social Security and Medicare.
These programs are also affected by per-person costs, which are also expected to increase at a rate significantly higher than the economy. The unfavorable combination of demographics and per-capita rate increases is expected to drive both Social Security and Medicare into large deficits during the 21st century. Multiple government sources have argued these programs are fiscally unsustainable as presently structured due to the extent of future borrowing and related interest required to fund them; here is a 2009 summary from the Social Security and Medicare Trustees:
Since the government borrowed and spent the trust funds' assets, there is no "lockbox" or marketable investment portfolio of $2.4 trillion for Social Security or $380 billion for Medicare. The trust funds contain non-marketable "IOU's" that the government is legally obligated to pay. In the absence of significant budget surpluses, the government will be required to convert these non-marketable securities to marketable securities by borrowing in the future, as trust fund claims are redeemed.
Medicare and Medicaid.
Medicare was established in 1965 and expanded thereafter. In 2009, the program covered an estimated 45 million persons (38 million aged and 7 million disabled). It consists of four distinct parts which are funded differently:
Spending on Medicare and Medicaid is projected to grow dramatically in coming decades. The number of persons enrolled in Medicare is expected to increase from 47 million in 2010 to 80 million by 2030. While the same demographic trends that affect Social Security also affect Medicare, rapidly rising medical prices appear to be a more important cause of projected spending increases.
The CBO has indicated that: "Future growth in spending per beneficiary for Medicare and Medicaid—the federal government’s major health care programs—will be the most important determinant of long-term trends in federal spending. Changing those programs in ways that reduce the growth of costs—which will be difficult, in part because of the complexity of health policy choices—is ultimately the nation’s central long-term challenge in setting federal fiscal policy." Further, the CBO also projects that "total federal Medicare and Medicaid outlays will rise from 4 percent of GDP in 2007 to 12 percent in 2050 and 19 percent in 2082—which, as a share of the economy, is roughly equivalent to the total amount that the federal government spends today. The bulk of that projected increase in health care spending reflects higher costs per beneficiary rather than an increase in the number of beneficiaries associated with an aging population."
President Obama stated in May 2009: "But we know that our families, our economy, and our nation itself will not succeed in the 21st century if we continue to be held down by the weight of rapidly rising health care costs and a broken health care system...Our businesses will not be able to compete; our families will not be able to save or spend; our budgets will remain unsustainable unless we get health care costs under control."
The present value of unfunded obligations under all parts of Medicare during FY 2007 is approximately $34.1 trillion. In other words, this amount would have to be set aside today such that the principal and interest would cover the shortfall over the next 75 years. This is over six times as large as the Social Security unfunded obligation of $5.3 trillion, discussed below.
Various reform strategies were proposed for healthcare, including Medicare and Medicaid. Examples include: comparative effectiveness research; independent review panels; modifying doctor incentives to focus on better care rather than fee for service; addressing a shortage of doctors and nurses; taxing healthcare benefits paid for by employers; addressing tort reform and defensive medicine; preventing obesity and related expensive conditions; addressing fraud; streamlining redundant payment systems; and improved healthcare technology.
Social Security.
Social Security is a social insurance program officially called "Old-Age, Survivors, and Disability Insurance" (OASDI), in reference to its three components. It is primarily funded through a dedicated payroll tax. During 2009, total benefits of $686 billion were paid out versus income (taxes and interest) of $807 billion, a $121 billion annual surplus. An estimated 156 million people paid into the program and 53 million received benefits, roughly 2.94 workers per beneficiary. During 2008, total benefits of $625 billion were paid out versus income (taxes and interest) of $805 billion, a $180 billion annual surplus. An estimated 162 million people paid into the program and 51 million received benefits, roughly 3.2 workers per beneficiary.
There is significant confusion about the program, due in part to the accounting for surplus payroll tax receipts and the agendas of various political constituencies. A few key points to understand under current law, if no reforms are implemented:
Social Security spending will increase sharply over the next decades, largely due to the retirement of the baby boom generation. The number of program recipients is expected to increase from 44 million in 2010 to 73 million in 2030. Program spending is projected to rise from 4.8% of GDP in 2010 to 5.9% of GDP by 2030, where it will stabilize.
The CBO projected in 2010 that an increase in payroll taxes ranging from 1.6–2.1% of the payroll tax base, equivalent to 0.6%-0.8% of GDP, would be necessary to put the Social Security program in fiscal balance for the next 75 years. In other words, raising the payroll tax rate to about 14.4% during 2009 (from the current 12.4%) or cutting benefits by 13.3% would address the program's budgetary concerns indefinitely; these amounts increase to around 16% and 24% if no changes are made until 2037. Projections of Social Security's solvency are sensitive to assumptions about rates of economic growth and demographic changes.
Since recommendations of the Greenspan Commission were adopted in the early 1980s, Social Security payroll taxes have exceeded benefit payments. In FY2008, Social Security received $180 billion more in payroll taxes and accrued interest than it paid out in benefits. This annual surplus is credited to Social Security trust funds that hold special non-marketable Treasury securities. The Social Security surplus reduces the amount of U.S. Treasury borrowing from the public, as the surplus funds may be used for other government purposes. The total balance of the trust funds was $2.4 trillion in 2008 and is estimated to reach $3.7 trillion by 2016. At that point, payments will exceed payroll tax revenues, resulting in the gradual reduction of the trust funds balance as the securities are redeemed against other types of government revenues. By 2037, according to some estimates, the trust funds will be exhausted. Under current law, Social Security payouts would be reduced by 24% at that time, as only payroll taxes are authorized to cover benefits.
The present value of unfunded obligations under Social Security as of January 1, 2009 has been estimated at approximately $5.3 trillion over a 75-year horizon. In other words, this amount would have to be set aside today such that the principal and interest would cover the shortfall over the next 75 years. The estimated annual shortfall averages 1.9% of the payroll tax base or 0.7% of gross domestic product. For a GDP of approximately $14 trillion in 2009, this 0.7% gap is roughly $100 billion per year or 5% of tax revenue. Over an infinite time horizon, these shortfalls average 3.4% of the payroll tax base and 1.2% of GDP.
Various reforms have been debated for Social Security. Examples include reducing future annual cost of living adjustments (COLA) provided to recipients, raising the retirement age, and raising the income limit subject to the payroll tax ($106,800 in 2009). The Urban Institute estimated the effects of solution alternatives during May 2010, including an estimated program deficit reduction for each:
The CBO reported in July 2010 the effects of a series of policy options on the "actuarial balance" shortfall, which over the 75 year horizon is approximately 0.6% of GDP. This is slightly different from the 0.7% estimated by the Social Security Trustees, as indicated above. For example, CBO estimates that raising the payroll tax by two percentage points (from 12.4% to 14.4%) over 20 years would increase annual program revenues by 0.6% of GDP, solving the 75-year shortfall. The various impacts are summarized in the CBO chart at right.
CBO estimated in January 2012 that raising the full retirement age for Social Security from 67 to 70 would reduce outlays by about 13%. Raising the early retirement age from 62 to 64 has little impact, as those who wait longer to begin receiving benefits get a higher amount. Raising the retirement age increases the size of the workforce and the size of the economy by about 1%.
Military spending.
During FY 2009, the GAO reported that the U.S. government incurred approximately $683 billion in expenses for the Department of Defense (DoD) and $54 billion for Homeland Security, a total of $737 billion. The GAO financial statements present data on an accrual basis, meaning as expenses are incurred rather than actual cash payments.
President Obama's 2010 budget proposal includes a total of $663.8 billion, including $533.8 billion for the DOD and $130 billion for overseas contingencies, primarily the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. The proposed DoD base budget represents an increase of $20.5 billion over the $513.3 billion enacted for fiscal 2009. This is an increase of 4%, or 2.1% percent real growth after adjusting for inflation. The fiscal 2010 budget proposal brought the overseas contingency supplemental requests into the budget process, adding the $130 billion amount to the deficit.
The U.S. defense budget (excluding spending for the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, Homeland Security, and Veteran's Affairs) is around 4% of GDP. Adding these other costs places defense and homeland security spending between 5% and 6% of GDP.
The DoD baseline budget, excluding supplemental funding for the wars, has grown from $297 billion in FY2001 to a budgeted $534 billion for FY2010, an 81% increase. According to the CBO, defense spending grew 9% annually on average from fiscal year 2000–2009.
Debate about military spending.
Democratic Congressman Barney Frank called for a significant reduction in the defense budget during February 2009: "The math is compelling: if we do not make reductions approximating 25 percent of the military budget starting fairly soon, it will be impossible to continue to fund an adequate level of domestic activity even with a repeal of Bush's tax cuts for the very wealthy. I am working with a variety of thoughtful analysts to show how we can make very substantial cuts in the military budget without in any way diminishing the security we need...well-being is far more endangered by a proposal for substantial reductions in Medicare, Social Security or other important domestic areas than it would be by canceling weapons systems that have no justification from any threat we are likely to face."
U.S. Secretary of Defense Robert Gates wrote in January 2009 that the U.S. should adjust its priorities and spending to address the changing nature of threats in the world: "What all these potential adversaries—from terrorist cells to rogue nations to rising powers—have in common is that they have learned that it is unwise to confront the United States directly on conventional military terms. The United States cannot take its current dominance for granted and needs to invest in the programs, platforms, and personnel that will ensure that dominance's persistence. But it is also important to keep some perspective. As much as the U.S. Navy has shrunk since the end of the Cold War, for example, in terms of tonnage, its battle fleet is still larger than the next 13 navies combined—and 11 of those 13 navies are U.S. allies or partners."
In 2009, the US Department of Defense's annual report to Congress on China's military strength offered several estimates of actual 2008 Chinese military spending. In terms of the prevailing exchange rate, Pentagon estimates range between US$105 and US$150 billion, the second highest in the world after the US.
Budgetary treatment of Iraq & Afghanistan war expenses.
CBO estimated in January 2010 that approximately $1.1 trillion was authorized for spending on the Iraq and Afghanistan Wars between 2001 and 2010. Spending peaked in 2008 at $187 billion and declined to $130 billion by 2010.
Much of the costs for the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan have not been funded through regular appropriations bills, but through emergency supplemental appropriations bills. As such, most of these expenses were not included in the budget deficit calculation prior to FY2010. Some budget experts argue that emergency supplemental appropriations bills do not receive the same level of legislative care as regular appropriations bills. In addition, emergency supplemental appropriations are not subject to the same budget enforcement mechanisms imposed on regular appropriations. Funding for the first stages of the Vietnam War was provided by supplemental appropriations, although President Johnson eventually acceded to Congressional demands to fund that war through the regular appropriations process.
Budget authority is legal authority to obligate the federal government. For many war-related activities there may be a long lag between the time when budget authority is granted and when payments (outlays) are made by the U.S. Treasury. In particular, spending on reconstruction activities in Iraq and Afghanistan has lagged behind available budget authority. In other cases, the military uses contracts that are payable upon completion, which can create long lags between appropriations and outlays.
In principle, the Department of Defense (DoD) separates war funding from base funding. In most cases, however, funds for operations in Iraq and Afghanistan use the same accounts as other DoD accounts. This raises challenges to attempts to achieve a precise separation of expenditures on operations in Iraq and Afghanistan from the base defense operations.
Discretionary spending.
Discretionary spending is spending that is not mandated on a multi-year basis by existing legislation, and thus must be determined anew in each year's budget. Discretionary spending is used to fund the Cabinet Departments (e.g., the Department of Education) and Agencies (e.g., the Environmental Protection Agency), although these are often the recipients of some mandatory funding as well. Discretionary budget authority is established annually by Congress, as opposed to mandatory spending that is required by laws that span multiple years, such as Social Security or Medicare.
The Federal government spent approximately $660 billion during 2010 on the Cabinet Departments and Agencies, excluding the Department of Defense, representing 19% of budgeted expenditures or about 4.5% of GDP. The 2011 budget included estimated spending for 2010, shown in the graph at right for selected Departments and Agencies with over $10 billion in budget authority.
Funding for the Department of Defense is mostly discretionary, but is excluded from this total and analyzed separately in this article. However, certain defense-related spending is included in other Departments, such as Homeland Security and Veteran's Affairs. The U.S. Constitution (Article I, Section 8) grants the Congress the authority to "To raise and support armies, but no appropriation of money to that use shall be for a longer term than two years."
Funding for science research and development is mainly funded through discretionary funding through agencies such as the National Institutes of Health, Department of Energy Office of Science, National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and National Science Foundation. Slightly more than half of federal research and development funds go to the Department of Defense and thus overlaps with military spending.
Several politicians and think tanks have proposed freezing non-defense discretionary spending at particular levels and holding this spending constant for various periods of time. President Obama proposed freezing discretionary spending representing approximately 12% of the budget in his 2011 State of the Union address.
Interest expense.
Budgeted net interest on the public debt was approximately $245 billion in FY2012 (7% of spending). During FY2012, the government also accrued a non-cash interest expense of $187 billion for intra-governmental debt, primarily the Social Security Trust Fund, for a total interest expense of $432 billion. This accrued interest is added to the Social Security Trust Fund and therefore the national debt each year and will be paid to Social Security recipients in the future. However, since it is a non-cash expense it is excluded from the budget deficit calculation.
Net interest costs paid on the public debt declined from $203 billion in 2011 to $187 billion in 2012 because of lower interest rates. Should these rates return to historical averages, the interest cost would increase dramatically.
During 2013, the U.S. Federal Reserve is expected to purchase about $45 billion of U.S. treasury securities per month in addition to the $40 billion in mortgage debt it’s purchasing, effectively absorbing about 90 percent of This reduces the supply of bonds available for sale to investors, raising bond prices and lowering interest rates, which helps boost the U.S. economy. During 2012, global demand for U.S. debt was strong and interest rates were near record lows.
Analytical perspectives.
Federal spending per capita.
Federal spending per capita (that is, per person in the U.S.) was approximately $11,551 during 2011, versus $6,338 in 2000. Adjusted for inflation, these amounts were $5,133 in 2011 and $3,496 in 2000. Adjusted for inflation, federal spending per person remained around $3,500 throughout the 1990s. It then began to rise steadily after 2000, then jumped in 2008 and 2009 due to the subprime mortgage crisis.

</doc>
<doc id="30964904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964904" title="Danielle von Zerneck">
Danielle von Zerneck

Danielle von Zerneck (born December 21, 1965 in North Hollywood, Los Angeles) is an American actress and film producer. 
She is best known for her portrayal of Donna, Ritchie Valens' girlfriend in the film "La Bamba" (1987). von Zerneck's last acting credit was in the 2001 television film "Acceptable Risk", based on the novel of the same name. In recent years, she worked primarily as a film producer.
Personal life.
She is the daughter of film producer Frank von Zerneck. Since 1989, She has been married to James Fearnley, an English accordion player for the Irish folk/punk band The Pogues.

</doc>
<doc id="30964905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964905" title="Jim Sharp">
Jim Sharp

Jim Sharp may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30964966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30964966" title="South Arabia during World War I">
South Arabia during World War I

The campaign in South Arabia during World War I was a minor struggle for control of the port city of Aden, an important way station for ships on their way from Asia to the Suez Canal. The British Empire declared war on the Ottoman Empire on 5 November 1914, and the Ottomans responded with their own declaration on 11 November. From the beginning, the Ottomans had planned an invasion of Britain's Aden Protectorate in cooperation with the local Arab tribes. The Ottomans had gathered in some strength on the Cheikh Saïd, a peninsula which juts out into the Red Sea towards the island of Perim. 
At the start of the war, the British had one force stationed in the Aden Protectorate, the Aden Brigade, which was part of the British Indian Army. In November 1914, an Ottoman force from Yemen attacked Aden, but was driven off by the Brigade.
Land campaign.
Capture of Cheikh Saïd.
The 29th Indian Infantry Brigade, under Brigadier-General J. H. V. Cox, CB, then on its way from India to Suez, was ordered to interrupt its voyage to capture Cheikh Saïd and destroy the Ottoman works, armaments, and wells there. On 10 November transports conveying three battalions of the 29th Indian Infantry and the 23rd Sikh Pioneers arrived off the coast of the peninsula. They were accompanied by the armoured cruiser HMS "Duke of Edinburgh", which opened fire on the Ottoman defences while the transports were seeking a satisfactory landing-place. The point that had been at first selected proved impossible on account of the weather, and the troops had to land a little way off under the cover of the fire of the cruiser. They stormed the Ottomans' positions and compelled them to retreat, leaving their field guns behind. The sailors took active part in the fighting with the troops, and a naval demolition party assisted, on 11 November, in destroying the Ottoman fortifications. Having accomplished its task, the British force re-embarked and continued on to Suez. It was not considered advisable at this time to push an expedition inland. The Ottomans, consequently, retained some forces on the northern boundary of the Aden Protectorate. 
Seven months later they reoccupied Cheikh Saïd and endeavoured from there to effect a landing on the north coast of Perim. This attack was successfully repulsed by the garrison of the island, the 23rd Sikh Pioneers.
Battle of Lahij.
Sultanate of Lahij.
In July 1915 an Ottoman force from North Yemen crossed the frontier of the Aden hinterland and advanced towards Lahij, which was at this time one of the most important towns in South Arabia and the capital of the Abdali Sultanate of Lahij (Lahaj). Placed in an oasis, surrounded by a fertile plain with the deserts beyond, it was the centre of trade between Aden, a British crown colony, and its hinterland, the princely states under a protectorate. In the years leading up to the war, relations between Britain and Lahij had been friendly, the British paying the sultan a subsidy for the occupation of certain land in the interior and protecting him and his agricultural people against the tribes of the desert, who frequently raided them. Propagandising during the war, British historian F. A. McKenzie wrote of the sultan:
Under our protection the Sultan of Lahaj had waxed very prosperous. His city, with its palace, its gallows— built for ornament rather than use—its purely Oriental life, its fine horses, its little show army, and its constant traffic in camels and caravans, seemed like a vision out of the "Arabian Nights". When war broke out the Abdali Sultan proved that his loyalty to Britain was real. Though other tribes turned against us he came to our side and prepared to help us. He soon made himself an object of special detestation to the and to many of the surrounding tribes by his open and unwavering friendship for Britain.
Siege.
The sultan sent word to General D. S. L. Shaw, commanding the Aden Brigade, that the Ottomans were advancing from Mawiyah to attack him, and asked for help. General Shaw ordered the Aden Movable Column, under Lieutenant-Colonel H. E. A. Pearson, towards Lahij. The Aden Camel Troop was despatched to reconnoitre. It discovered a strong Ottoman force beyond Lahij, supported by a large number of Arab tribesmen. The Camel Troop fell back on Lahij, where it was reinforced by the advance guard of the Movable Column, numbering two hundred and fifty rifles, with two ten-pounder guns. This advance guard had moved up under most trying conditions. The heat was intense, there was great shortage of water, and progress was difficult over the sand. The main body of the Column was so delayed by difficulties of transport and by shortage of water that it did not reach Lahij at all. 
The British in the sultan's capital found themselves faced by several thousand Ottoman troops and twenty guns. In addition, Arab tribesmen had rallied by the thousand to help the Ottomans. The British were backed by the few hundred men of the sultan of Lahij's native army. The Arab camp-followers of the Aden detachment deserted them in a body at the most critical hour, taking with them all their camels. Fighting opened on the evening of Sunday, 4 July. The Ottoman forces made several attacks against the British line, but each was driven off. Although after the battle the efforts of the Royal Artillery drew a tribute from General Shaw, the superior Ottoman artillery had kindled fires in different parts of Lahij, and the British were in danger of being outflanked and cut off by the Arab tribal horsemen. The sultan was killed with many of his men. When the main Aden Column never arrived, the British withdrew on 5 July with the loss of three officers wounded, but the main loss was not so much in men as in prestige.
Analysis.
In the official report on the operations issued by the Government of India much stress was laid on "the intense heat, sand, and shortage of water", and "he desertion of the camel-drivers and the severe climatic conditions so delayed and distressed the main body as to necessitate a withdrawal from Lahij". McKenzie notes that "we do not seem to have made such arrangements for transport and for water supply as would have prepared us for the difficulties which every experienced traveller knew we would have to face. . . But the severe heat of the climate, the potential treachery of hired Arabs, and the shortage of water were all of them factors which had been familiar from the beginning to the Indian authorities, and, one might suppose, ought to have been allowed for."
Reinforcements from India.
After the debacle at Lahij, the British force fell back on the Kawr. The Ottomans followed them up and occupied Shaikh Othman, a town about two miles inland from the harbour of Aden. This place was formerly part of the Sultanate of Lahij, within the British protectorate. The Ottomans at this stage held practically the whole of the Aden hinterland, except immediately around the crown colony itself. They had reoccupied Cheikh Saïd and had destroyed Lahij. The Indian authorities, under Commander-in-Chief Beauchamp Duff, decided to increase the Aden garrison after "subsequent Turkish victories". Major-General Sir George J. Younghusband, a soldier with a distinguished career, succeeded to the command of the Aden Brigade. 
On 20 July 1915, troops from the Aden Brigade, the 28th (Frontier Force) Brigade, a battery of Royal Horse Artillery, and a detachment of Sappers and Miners, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel A. M. S. Elsmie, a soldier well trained in frontier fighting, surprised the Ottomans at Shaikh Othman, completely defeated them and drove them out of the place. Between fifty and sixty Ottoman soldiers were killed and wounded, and several hundred men, mostly Arab tribesmen, were made prisoners. This success was followed up in the following month by an attack by a small column on an Ottoman post between Lahij and Shaikh Othman. The Ottomans were driven from the town. Another attack in a different direction was equally successful. Reports reached Aden that the Ottomans were preparing to retire from Lahij itself, and in September a column under Colonel Elsmie set out in the direction of Waht. Here it surprised a force of seven hundred Ottomans, with eight guns, who were supported by about a thousand Arabs. The Ottomans were driven back, and Waht fell to the British troops, who had been aided both on sea and land by the cooperation of the cruiser HMS "Philomel" of the New Zealand Naval Forces, under Captain Percival Hill-Thompson.
Ottoman claims of victory.
A series of minor engagements and skirmishes between the Ottomans and Arabs and the British followed, during which the latter were generally successful, but found it impossible to hold the country far inland. Early in 1916 the Ottomans claimed that the British had been driven back on to Aden itself, and had retreated to within range of the covering fire of their warships, where they had been inactive for some months. Many of the Ottoman claims were greatly exaggerated, and some wholly false. In February 1916, Major John Pretyman Newman, MP, asked in the British Parliament for any information about the fighting near Aden. Austen Chamberlain, then Secretary of State for India, responded that the Ottoman claim of success which had recently been put forward would seem to have been founded on an engagement which took place on 12 January between a reconnoitring column of the Aden garrison and an Ottoman force in the neighbourhood of Shaikh Othman. The loss on our side was one British officer and thirty-five Indian rank and file killed, and four British and thirty-five Indian rank and file wounded. The enemy losses were severe, amounting to about two hundred killed and wounded. The British column was neither annihilated nor defeated, but withdrew when the purpose of the movement was completed, Chamberlain said. 
Later on, the Ottomans officially claimed to have scored a substantial victory in further heavy fighting around Shaikh Othman and Bir Ahmad. This was a sheer invention. In January 1916, the Aden Movable Column moved out to protect some friendly troops to the east of the Aden Protectorate against Ottoman troops who had been sent to coerce them. The column located the Ottoman force near Subar, and defeated it. The general position was so unsatisfactory, however, that in April 1916, it was decided, on the suggestion of the Government of India, that ladies should not be allowed to land at Aden without receiving permission from the Commander-in-Chief in India. 
End of the campaign in South Arabia.
The eruption of the British-sponsored Arab Revolt in the Hejaz diverted Ottoman attention from Aden in the summer of 1916. Those Ottoman troops which remained reverted to the defensive, while the British built an eleven-mile-long defensive perimeter around Aden. They did not attempt to resecure lost territories in the hinterland, and no major fighting took place after 1916. The Ottomans continued to hold territories in the protectorate until the Armistice of Mudros in October 1918 and the partition of the Ottoman Empire after the war.
Naval campaign.
Uses of the South Arab ports during the war.
On 18 October 1914, a convoy of ten troopships carrying the New Zealand Expeditionary Force was escorted by the Imperial Japanese battlecruiser "Ibuki" out of Wellington. It joined a group of twenty-eight ships carrying the First Australian Imperial Force, and the total convoy, with "Ibuki" and the Australian cruiser , crossed the ocean, which was being patrolled by the Japanese protected cruiser "Chikuma". While "Sydney" was sidetracked, and ended up in the Battle of Cocos, the rest of the convoy reached Aden on 25 October. 
On 9 November 1914, a small landing party, numbering five officers, one surgeon, and forty-seven petty officers and men, under Lieutenant Hellmuth von Mücke, was separated from their ship, the SMS "Emden" during the Battle of Cocos, and piloted the "Ayesha" to the Dutch port of Padang on the west coast of Sumatra. There von Mücke arranged a rendezvous with the German freighter "Choising", which transported he and his men to the Ottoman city of Hodeida in Yemen. Once on the Arabian Peninsula, von Mücke and his men experienced months of delay securing the assistance of local Turkish officials to return to Germany. At last he decided to lead his men on an over-water voyage up the east coast of the Red Sea to Jiddah. Ultimately, Von Mücke and forty-eight of his men returned to Berlin.
When the Arabs of the revolt of June 1916 attacked the port of Jiddah, they were supported by the seaplane carrier , based at Aden.
Occupation of Kamaran.
On 17 February 1915, the British Resident in Aden, Brigadier William Crawford Walton, wired the Government of India that dhows bearing telegrams, mail and money from Jiddah had made it to Ottoman headquarters in Yemen, and that it was necessary that these be stopped. He proposed the occopuation of Kamaran with 200 men from the RMS "Empress of Russia", the RMS "Empress of Asia" and the HMS "Minto". This had the support of the Admiralty, the Commander-in-Chief at Port Said—who wished to use Kamaran as a "naval base for small vessels"—and the India Office, which duly informed the Viceroy of India to give the necessary orders. The viceroy demurred, fearing that the local population would be "unlikely to acquiesce", that an occupation might "alarm the Idrisi", was likely to be misunderstood by Muslims, and would reduce the defences of Aden, at just the moment when the Turks were advancing. On 3 March the India Office rescinded its order, but when intelligence suggested that some Germans stranded in Massawa in Italian Eritrea at the outbreak of war were attempting to sail across the sea to Arabia, the resident renewed his request for 200 men (7 March). Again the viceroy refused (11 March).

</doc>
<doc id="30965038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965038" title="FUF">
FUF

FUF may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="30965053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965053" title="Cole Grossman">
Cole Grossman

Nicholas Holland "Cole" Grossman (born April 10, 1989 in St. Louis, Missouri) is an American soccer player currently playing for Real Salt Lake in Major League Soccer.
Career.
College and amateur.
Grossman is a product of Duke University, where he appeared in 70 career games (starting 59) and achieved 25 goals and 24 assists. During his time with Duke, Grossman was a two-time NSCAA All-South Region second team pick, was named in the All-ACC teams twice (2nd 2009 and 1st in 2010).
During his college years, Grossman also played with the Cary Clarets of the USL Premier Development League during their 2009 season.
Professional.
On January 14, 2011, Grossman was drafted in the second round (28th overall) in the 2011 MLS SuperDraft by the Columbus Crew. He made his professional debut on February 22, 2011 in the first leg of the Crew's CONCACAF Champions League quarter-final series against Real Salt Lake.
On Nov 19, 2012 Grossman was selected by Real Salt Lake in the waiver draft, after being released by Columbus earlier that day.

</doc>
<doc id="30965055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965055" title="N. D. Cocea">
N. D. Cocea

N. D. Cocea (common rendition of Nicolae Dumitru Cocea, , also known as Niculae, Niculici or Nicu Cocea; November 29, 1880 – February 1, 1949) was a Romanian journalist, novelist, critic and left-wing political activist, known as a major but controversial figure in the field of political satire. The founder of many newspapers and magazines, including "Viața Socială", "Rampa", "Facla" and "Chemarea", collaborating with writer friends such as Tudor Arghezi, Gala Galaction and Ion Vinea, he fostered and directed the development of early modernist literature in Romania. Cocea later made his name as a republican and anticlerical agitator, was arrested as an instigator during the 1907 peasant revolt, and played a leading role in regrouping the scattered socialist clubs. His allegiances however switched between parties: during World War I, he supported the Entente Powers and, as a personal witness of the October Revolution, the government of Soviet Russia, before returning home as a communist.
During the interwar period, Cocea was elected to Romanian Parliament as an independent socialist, campaigned for the outlawed Romanian Communist Party, and found his press banned by the authorities on several occasions. In 1923, he was found guilty of "lèse majesté". Cocea, although kept under constant surveillance, was rumored to have been an opportunistic double dealer, and his personal life was a matter of public scandal. His novels, the vast majority of which are samples of erotic literature, fueled innuendo about his sexual exploits, which also resulted in his sentencing for statutory rape. After World War II, Cocea was again close to the Communist Party and, from 1948, rose to prominence as an official writer for the communist regime.
For a while the son-in-law of journalist Constantin Mille, N. D. Cocea was from a theatrical family: his daughters Dina and Tantzi, like his sister Alice before them, were acclaimed actresses. Another daughter, Ioana-Maria Cocea, is a noted sculptor.
Biography.
Early years.
Born in Bârlad, Cocea claimed lineage from the lesser boyar aristocracy of Moldavia region. His father, Dumitru Cocea, was a Romanian Land Forces officer, who would reach the rank of General. The Coceas descended from an 18th-century Albanian Moldavian "Serdar" Gheorghe Cocea, but claimed lineage from a 16th-century soldier in the armies of Michael the Brave. Nicolae's mother, Cleopatra, was a published author and a journalist. She hailed from a family of yeomen ("răzeși") or landowners, and her artistic education helped shape his cultural tastes from early childhood. Although he made his name as a writer and journalist, his most ardent wish was to become an actor.
Nicolae attended primary school in his native town, and had a hectic adolescence, determined by his father's successive postings. He is known to have first been enlisted at the National High School of Iași. During the late 1890s, young Cocea was in Bucharest, attending the Saint Sava National College, becoming close friends with two other students and future writers: one was Galaction, the other was Vasile Demetrius. Another Saint Sava student, Ion G. Duca (the Prime Minister of Romania in 1933), was occasionally present among them, but political differences drew them apart with time. Despite oral tradition, Arghezi, who joined the Cocea group around the same time, may not have been a Saint Sava student at all: according to literary historian C. Popescu-Cadem, there is no record of him ever attending that institution. Cocea's own education was vague. He flunked out after the 3rd and 7th grades, was transferred to Ploiești, then returned to Saint Sava only to pass reexamination.
Cocea and his Saint Sava friends were already leftists who attended the public lectures of senior socialist leader Constantin Dobrogeanu-Gherea. According to literary historian Tudor Vianu, the four youths, including the "restless, daring and ingenious" Cocea, were mounting an independent protest against "bourgeois" values. They literary taste favored Symbolism, Parnassianism and literary naturalism, which they saw as modern shields against traditionalist culture. Inspired by the works of Charles Baudelaire, they soon joined efforts with the Romanian Symbolist movement. All members of the group visited with the Symbolist doyen Alexandru Macedonski, although Cocea the writer was first discovered by Symbolist academic Ovid Densusianu and his "Vieața Nouă" review.
As his personal note, Cocea rebelled against paternal and institutional authority. Under the pen name "Nely", he published the defiantly erotic novel "Poet-Poetă" (1898, with a preface by Galaction), that resulted in his near-definitive expulsion from public high school. Around the same time, Galaction married Cocea's cousin Zoe Marcou, a laicized Romanian Orthodox nun; she would inspire him to become an Orthodox priest.
Around 1900, Cocea, who had already graduated in Romanian Law, was in France, undergoing specialization at the University of Paris. At this stage in life, he was probably acquainted with the French roots of Romanian radical liberalism, which infused his left-wing outlook. A sympathizer of the Dreyfusards, he was also becoming interested in the various projects to transform the Kingdom of Romania into a republic, in marked contrast to his father's ardent monarchism. He witnessed first-hand the progress of trade unionism in France, and had personal interviews with writer Anatole France and sculptor Auguste Rodin. The family's French connections were preserved by the writer's siblings. Cocea's sister Alice, the future comedienne, was born in Sinaia, where Dumitru Cocea was stationed in 1899, and also settled in France at a later date. She was joined there by Cocea's younger sister, Florica.
Upon his return to Romania, Cocea was for a while employed as justice of the peace, but was later virtually inactive as a lawyer. Instead, he began frequenting the Romanian socialist milieu. He was at the time married to Florica Mille, daughter of Constantin Mille. Her father was founder of "Adevărul" daily and co-founder of the Social-Democratic Workers' Party (PSDMR). This was another break with the Cocea family tradition: allegedly, General Dumitru Cocea had once ordered his troops to devastate the "Adevărul" offices.
Florica was born from Mille's first marriage, which ended in divorce, and had a sister, Margareta, married into the Messerschmitt family of German industrialists. Through Mille, Cocea became related to another Moldavian boyar family, the Tăutus. Cocea's marriage, which resulted in the 1912 birth of Dina Cocea, was troubled and ended in divorce.
Socialist clubs and 1907 revolt.
Like some of the veteran socialists (Garabet Ibrăileanu, Henric Sanielevici, the "România Muncitoare" group), the young journalist made repeated attempts to revive and reunite the socialist clubs, left in disarray by the 1899 dissolution of the PSDMR. Cocea, with Arghezi, Demetrius and Galaction, stood out for marrying this political ideal with the artistic credo of Symbolism. This unusual vision was preserved in the magazine the three published together during 1904, "Linia Dreaptă" ("The Straight Line"). In 1905, Arghezi left for Switzerland and entrusted Cocea with his collection of rare books. Cocea is said to have lost it, an event which marked the first of several disagreements between them.
With the March 1907 peasant uprising, N. D. Cocea's profile in political journalism was boosted. He is the probable source of a much circulated canard, taken up by "Adevărul", according to which Romanian authorities had killed 11,000 or more peasant insurgents. Cocea himself eventually settled for a death toll of 12,000, claiming that, "had the peasants' bodies been lined up and down on Calea Victoriei", Romanian King Carol I of Hohenzollern could have walked over to Dealul Mitropoliei "on a soft rug of peasant flesh".
During the actual events, N. D. Cocea was mainly active on the lower course of the Danube, recognized by other socialists as "one of the leaders of the movement" in Brăila. His regional daily, "Dezrobirea" ("The Emancipation"), was probably paid for by a local banker, Alphonse (or Alfons) Nachtigal. Drawing official suspicion as a republican paper, it became noted for fueling revolt regionally. After the "România Muncitoare" circle organized a socialist rally in Brăila, "Dezrobirea"s entire staff was arrested on orders from Prefect Nicolae T. Faranga, who also confiscated most of the printed issues (although some 1,000 were still freely distributed among the intrigued peasants). Cocea was eventually tried as an instigator, and sentenced to a term in prison.
Upon his release, Cocea moved back to Bucharest, where he became a socialist orator, a "România Muncitoare" editor, and a correspondent of the workers' journal "Viitorul Social". He was one of the Romanian delegates to the International Socialist Congress, hosted by the Second International in Stuttgart. It was there that Russian socialist opinion leader Vladimir Lenin publicized a thesis according to which the Romanian revolt and the Russian Revolution of 1905 were similar, in both character and impact. Back in Romania, Cocea was resuming his contacts with Dobrogeanu-Gherea, who was by then all but withdrawn from active socialist politics. As Cocea later wrote, the veteran leader confessed to him that he was being brought down by acute insomnia.
The young activist was blending his socialism with a critic's interest in modern art and experimental literature. Literary historian Paul Cernat argues that, like Symbolist poet N. Davidescu, Cocea spent the 1900-1920 period disseminating modernist literature "on all fronts". He made his name as an art critic by 1908, when, like Arghezi, he defended the Romanian post-Impressionist art club, whose members were being marginalized by the "Tinerimea Artistică" society; he also saluted Iosif Iser's international post-Impressionist exhibit. Within a series of articles in "Pagini Libere" journal, Cocea also explained his divorce with Symbolism and Art Nouveau, concluding that they represented "the cosmopolitan class of sloth and of universal parasitism". The following year, Cocea was assigned the art column of "Noua Revistă Română", an eclectic journal put out by Romanian thinker Constantin Rădulescu-Motru. While there, he militated in favor of modernized art, urging artists to destroy "antiquated artistic formulas" and to subvert "the laws of nature".
"Viața Socială".
According to Cocea's future friend and foe Pamfil Șeicaru, 1910 was the time year Cocea, with Christian Rakovsky, Ecaterina Arbore, I. C. Frimu and Ilie Moscovici, was in the "chief of staff" of the newly created Romanian Social Democratic Party. Cocea was additionally a member of the party's Social Studies Circle, furnishing its library and organizing its Kalinderu Church offices.
In February 1910, Cocea and Arghezi set up a new periodical, "Viața Socială". The magazine, which received contributions from Dobrogeanu-Gherea, militated for universal suffrage, social equality and land reform, while informing readers about world socialism. It enlisted collaborations from a number of anti-establishment journalists, from agrarian militant Vasile Kogălniceanu and socialist physician Tatiana Grigorovici to writers Ion Minulescu, Lucia Demetrius or Constantin Graur, and republished contributions from some of Europe's known social critics: Eduard Bernstein, Rinaldo Rigola, Vsevolod Garshin, Leo Tolstoy, Jean Jaurès, Emile Vandervelde, Hubert Lagardelle and Gustave Hervé. Other contributors were Arbore, Davidescu, V. Demetrius, Traian Demetrescu, Sofia Nădejde, Vasile Savel and Avram Steuerman-Rodion.
Culturally, this moment saw Cocea and his friends coordinating the transition from Symbolism to the early 20th-century avant-garde. This move was also accelerated by art critic Theodor Cornel, who was for while a staff writer for Cocea's publication. In his first "Viața Socială" editorial, Cocea himself deemed Arghezi "the most revolutionary poet" of the period. However, his unilateral decision to publish Arghezi's "Evening Prayer", as an example of poetic rebellion, greatly enraged the expatriated author. They resumed their friendship only after Arghezi returned from his Swiss sojourn, and Cocea, with Galaction, Dumitru Karnabatt and various others, frequented the salon formed in Arghezi's Bucharest home. Cocea was also witness when Arghezi wedded his long-term lover, Constanța Zissu (December 1912); the register describes him as "a journalist by profession, living at Polonă Street, 1."
Through Galaction's interventions, "Viața Socială" maintained links with the more mainstream and home-grown current on Romania's leftist scene, Poporanism, as well as with the post-socialist magazine of Iași, "Viața Românească". It also published several poems by the young Poporanist George Topîrceanu. Also in Iași, the "Viața Socială" circle acquired a number of young disciples, involved in editing "Fronda" and "Absolutio" magazines: Isac Ludo, Eugen Relgis etc.
Still, traditionalist critic Ilarie Chendi notes, "Viața Socială" as a whole failed, because the Symbolist and post-Symbolist contributors were not ardent socialists, and because no "notable poets or prose writers" could be found among the socialists. The same was observed in 1913 by critic Gheorghe Savul, who suggested that "Viața Socială" took on Symbolists such as Davidescu for opportunistic reasons, since they also had an anti-bourgeois axe to grind, but that there was little else to unite its contributors.
Cocea was by then frequenting the anarchist boyar Alexandru Bogdan-Pitești, an art patron, cultural innovator and personal friend of Arghezi. In 1911, he visited Italy together with Lagardelle, the French Syndicalist militant, and personally met with liberal theorists Benedetto Croce and Guglielmo Ferrero, as well as with Syndicalist Arturo Labriola and fellow journalist Giuseppe Prezzolini. His travel account, which includes essays on art and civilization, was published the same year, as "Spre Roma" ("Toward Rome").
"Rampa" and "Facla" (first edition).
Back in Romania, Cocea launched "Rampa", a theatrical review originally published as a daily. His partner in this venture was a veteran of thetrical life, Alexandru Davila. Cocea also set up the independent socialist newspaper "Facla". The latter, identified as Romania's first socialist and satirical magazine by Arghezi himself, was soon joined by the 18-year-old poet Ion Vinea, as literary columnist and campaigner for post-Symbolist literature, with painters Iser and Camil Ressu as illustrators. The other noted contributors to Cocea's publications were Toma Dragu, Saniel Grossman, George Diamandy, Camil Petrescu and avant-garde critic Poldi Chapier, whose 1912 article for "Rampa" chronicled the international success of Futurism. Also featured were poems and translations by the post-Symbolist H. Bonciu. Cocea's own contributions include the chronicle of a play by Henry Bataille and a salute to the "invincible spirit" of the Portuguese republican revolution.
Alongside renewed attacks on Romania's cultural traditionalism, Cocea and Arghezi initiated a lengthy campaign in favor of universal suffrage. Their articles and headlines were often sensationalist and provoking, again focusing on Carol I, Romania's aging King. They often referred to the monarch as "Ploșnița" ("The Tick"), "Gheșeftarul" ("The Shop-Keeper") or "Neamțul" ("The Kraut"). "Facla", with media support from "Adevărul" and the Romanian anarchist milieus, was taunting the authorities by staging its own mock trial for "lèse majesté". "Facla"s anticlericalism, specifically aimed at the Orthodox Church, formed part of a larger scandal, which had earlier seen Arghezi giving up his hierodeacon's frock. The ardent antimilitarism of Cocea's "Facla" articles, in particular his mockery of General Grigore C. Crăiniceanu and his sons, had similar results: the journalist was handed a preemptive and dishonorable military discharge.
Culturally, "Facla" was a leading adversary of traditionalist literature and of the nationalist periodicals which supported it. Its attack was concentrated on "Drum Drept" and "Convorbiri Critice" magazines (the focus of Vinea's articles) and on antisemitic historian Nicolae Iorga, who had earlier dismissed "Facla" as a venue for Jewish Romanian interests. "Facla" also inaugurated the conflict between Cocea and the "Viața Românească" Poporanists. As a socialist, Cocea attacked the Poporanists for supporting artistic nationalism, and then for courting the mainstream National Liberal Party.
Cocea unsuccessfully presented himself as a Social Democratic candidate in the elections of 1912, the first ones in Romania to be contested by an independent socialist party. However, he soon broke off from the party, and came to be considered a representative of the "bourgeois press" by his former socialist colleagues. One of them, Constantin Titel Petrescu, informs that Cocea "could not live by the party discipline".
World War I, October Revolution and "Chemarea".
At an early stage in World War I, public opinion in neutral Romania was divided between the Entente Powers and the Central Powers, both of which held Romanian irredenta. In this context, the Francophile Cocea manifested himself as an outspoken partisan of Romania's alliance with the Entente. There followed a split between Cocea and his erstwhile partners Arghezi, Galaction and Bogdan-Pitești. The latter three were committed Germanophiles who proceeded to publish their own review, "Cronica". "Chemarea", a mainly political magazine published by Ion Vinea in 1915, stood between the two groups, but was probably managed by Cocea, who allegedly came up with its name (lit. "the calling"). Cocea's friendship with Arghezi had again soured to the point of mutual hatred. In "Facla", Cocea made thinly veiled comments about the poet's mother, an unmarried woman, and suggested that the "Cronica" staff "still lives on the morsels left over from Bogdan-Pitești's feasts".
When the 1916-1917 Campaign turned into a defensive war, N. D. Cocea joined the government and Land Forces on their retreat to Moldavia. Reunited with Vinea, he helped publish a daily named "Deșteptarea" ("The Awakening"), flirting with the Germanophiles and Zimmerwald neutralists, hotly criticizing the Ententist and National Liberal establishment. However, he remained an outspoken critic of those public figures whom he perceived as German hirelings, including politician Alexandru Marghiloman and "Arena" newspaperman Alfred Hefter-Hidalgo.
As was later acknowledged by Vinea, Cocea and his "Deșteptarea" colleagues had formed a conspiratorial "revolutionary republican committee". Both of them were also affiliated with a wing of the Romanian Freemasonry.
A while after, Cocea made his way in the Russian Republic, Romania's Entente ally, and settled in Petrograd. His activities there included putting out the French-language magazine, "L'Entente" ("The Entente"), which was financed by his old rivals, the Romanian National Liberals. As a resident of Hotel Astoria, he witnessed first-hand the October Revolution, and became a passionate supporter of the Bolshevik cause. He later claimed to have been present, on Revolution day, in the Petrograd Soviet hall, hearing the victorious speech of Bolshevik leader Vladimir Lenin, and to have later attended the second All-Russian Congress of Soviets. As a representative of the International Association for Information of the Labor Press of America, France, and Great Britain, Cocea exchanged notes with Lenin. He interviewed Lenin about the Bolsheviks' goals, assuring him that his replies would be published verbatim.
By the end of the year, Cocea had returned to Moldavia. Under his direction (December 1917 to February 1918), "Deșteptarea" became a new edition of "Chemarea". It was often issued with large blank spaces, showing interventions by military censors. The gazette managed to publish a letter of protest, signed by poet Benjamin Fondane, expressing a hope that Arghezi would not be prosecuted as a traitor. After advertising its "radical socialist" agenda, "Chemarea" was promptly shut down by the Alexandru Averescu cabinet. For this and other reasons, Cocea would later refer to Averescu as the organizer of "White Terror" in Romania.
Cocea was a strong critic of Romania's separate armistice with Germany, and consequently listed as a "persona non grata" by the Central Powers. In August 1918, he launched "Depeșa" ("The Dispatch"), later published as a third edition of "Chemarea". A new presence on these two periodicals was writer Jacques G. Costin, who produced several political pieces (including a renewed denunciation of Hefter-Hidalgo) and later the musical chronicle. Its other staff writers were young men who later built career in the political press, both left- and right-wing: Vinea, Demostene Botez, Alexandru Busuioceanu, Cezar Petrescu, Pamfil Șeicaru and Adrian Maniu. They took care of the newspaper when Cocea left Iași on a short visit to Bessarabia, a former Russian province that was in the process of uniting with Romania.
Victorious in its lengthy conflict with Hefter's "Arena", "Chemarea" eventually relocated to Bucharest, but suffered from the nation-wide paper shortage. Cocea supported the Socialist Party of Romania (PS) through the leftist riots of December 1918, and, when the PS leadership was arrested, sat on the defense team, alongside Mille and Dragu.
"Chemarea" survived until November 1, 1919—when its lampoon of Romanian King Ferdinand I prompted the intervention of military censors. On November 2, shortly before the general election day, Cocea profited from the temporary suspension of censorship to reissue the same paper, subsequently renamed "Chemarea Roșie" ("The Red Call"), then "Facla", "Torța" ("The Torch"), "Clopotul" ("The Bell") and again "Chemarea" (changes which were supposed to keep censors always a step behind Cocea). These publications were attempts to revive and radicalize the socialist literary press, that had virtually succumbed in Romania after the demise of "Facla"s first edition. A Marxist literary critic, Ovid Crohmălniceanu, proposes that Cocea's renewed offensive missed the mark, lacking "a clear enough vision".
Parliamentary mandate.
Cocea was elected to the Lower Chamber during the November 1919 suffrage (reelected during the May 1920 suffrage). He represented a non-partisan electoral list for Bucharest (the Citizen's List), whose other two candidates, physician Nicolae Lupu and lawyer Constantin Costa-Foru, also won seats. Although officially an independent, he rallied with the PS in the Chamber minority group led by Gheorghe Cristescu and Ilie Moscovici. Cocea's mandate was immediately contested by his National Liberal adversaries. They sought to invalidate his candidature, citing a law which prevented those with a military discharge from running in elections. The National Liberal motion was however defeated when Cocea, who presented himself as a political victim, earned unexpected support from the Romanian National Party and the Democratic Nationalist Party.
In opposition to the People's Party and the anti-communist consensus, Cocea spoke positively in Parliament about Soviet Russia, arguing that the Bolshevik foreign policy had saved the whole of civilization, and citing favorable statements made by the returning war prisoners. His theory was that the Comintern was a legitimate successor of the First International. The notion was contested by another socialist deputy, Dragu—early signs of a schism between the Cominternist socialist-communists and those who followed the Vienna International. In one of his addresses to the Chamber (July 28, 1920), Cocea presented a vision of socialism that was neither "unilateral" nor "narrow", but suited to the needs of "all peoples and all times", and quoted from "The Internationale". Cocea's rhetoric, equating the October Revolution with the birth of Christ and glorifying the Slavic soul, was ridiculed from the benches as "Russian mysticism".
For a while, Cocea's sympathy turned toward the rising Peasants' Party. This Poporanist group, which reacted against National Liberal politics and sought peace with the socialists and the Soviets, was called "civilized and Westernized" by the socialist journalist. Nevertheless, Cocea was becoming disappointed by the parliamentary system of Greater Romania. He argued that Parliament itself should be replaced with a technocratic body, elected by a radical form of universal suffrage, and clamored his belief that "in short while, [...] Romania will be socialist." 
In August 1920, Cocea voted in favor of Grigore Trancu-Iași's labor law, although he found it unsatisfactory—his stated belief was that the law's inequities would spark a "social revolution". There followed the October 1920 general strike, that was condoned and supported by Cocea and the writers at "Chemarea". During December, following a state of siege, Cocea and Lupu were behind parliamentary efforts to investigate the alleged murder of socialist activist Herșcu Aroneanu by People's Party authorities.
When, in early 1921, Cristescu and the other socialist-communists set up the Romanian Communist Party (PCR), Cocea became an outside sympathizer of their cause, protesting against their imprisonment and prosecution in the Dealul Spirii Trial. In May and June of that year, when Chamber was assessing the case of Moscovici's seat, left vacant by his sentencing after the strike, Cocea asked for it to be filled by Constantin Popovici; Popovici, next on the electoral list, was himself under arrest. His speech about "government terror" ended in a heated dispute with People's Party deputies Berlescu (whom Cocea called a descendant of Romani slaves) and Alexandru Oteteleșeanu. Shortly before the 1921 suffrage, Cocea labeled Conservative-Democratic leader Take Ionescu, the Prime Minister-designate, as a pawn of King Ferdinand and his "camarilla". Early in 1922, Cocea also joined Dem. I. Dobrescu and other prestigious lawyers on the Dealul Spirii Trial defense team.
"Facla" revival and 1923 trial.
In 1920, "Chemarea" came to its end, and Cocea began putting out another edition of "Facla" weekly. The newspaper acquired offices in the Frascatti Hotel (later the "Savoy" branch of Constantin Tănase Revue Theater), redecorated by artist Marcel Janco. According to political scientist Stelian Tănase, this enterprise was secretly financed by Soviet Russia as external agitprop: notes kept by "Siguranța Statului" intelligence agency suggest that Cocea was a regular guest at the Russian mission in Romania.
Cocea's disciple, Ion Vinea, went on to publish the magazine "Contimporanul", originally as a socialist tribune, but later as a modernist forum. Cocea was an occasional contributor to this venue, but was separated from its avant-garde staff writers, having a less rebellious writing style and a more structured political vision. In exchange, Vinea was an occasional contributor to "Facla", whenever "Contimporanul" met financial difficulties; he was also the editorial director from 1925 to 1926 (the year when "Facla" again closed down). Vinea's own political articles were noted for their critique of National Liberal policies, portraying liberal Romania as a Brătianu family dictatorship and campaigning in favor of the socialist groups. Around 1924, the "Facla" group was also joined by "Red Prince" Scarlat Callimachi, a modernist promoter and communist militant, by aspiring critic Șerban Cioculescu, and by the Zionist opinion maker A. A. Luca. Cocea was at the time the animator of cultural debates at Terasa Oteteleșanu, where he introduced the young novelist and journalist I. Peltz.
The early 1920s also witnessed N. D. Cocea's involvement in various other civic and cultural campaigns. He became, in 1922, a member of the Romanian Friends of Nature, a socialist-inspired environmental organization, and, the following year, joined Dem I. Dobrescu in creating the League for Human Rights. He was among the regular guests at International Red Aid "literary tea parties", described by historian Adrian Cioroianu as "one of those schemes the communists employed in collecting money for their comrades in prison". With Fondane, director Armand Pascal and various others, Cocea also participated in creating "Insula", an actors' working group. It was supposed to revolutionize Romanian theater, but disappeared after only a few months of existence (February 1923). Cocea compensated by giving moral support to the Jewish modernist Vilna Troupe, which relocated to Bucharest in 1924. Also that year Cocea published a new book, "Ignoranță" ("Ignorance").
After the adoption by a National Liberal legislature of Romania's 1923 Constitution, Cocea joined up with the angrier ranks of political opposition. He soon publicized a claim that King Ferdinand and his favorite minister, Brătianu, had together given legal foundations to a plutocracy. He was taken to court and lost, being sentenced for "lèse majesté". Reputedly, the authorities also confiscated samples of Cocea's anticlerical fiction works, but these were recovered and published by "Contimporanul" in 1925. Through the voice of Vinea, "Contimporanul" also protested the sentencing, claiming that Cocea was a persecuted man, his career "a spectacle of modern dramatism". The trial attracted significant attention among the Romanian youth, which divided itself into monarchists and republicans.
Cocea's conduct was the topic of controversy throughout the early 1920s: in 1922, Cocea's influential modernist rival, the literary theorist Eugen Lovinescu, bitterly attacked him, Arghezi and Bogdan-Pitești for their wartime conduct. Noted for its xenophobic attacks on "Contimporanul"s editors, the nationalist review "Țara Noastră" openly celebrated Cocea's arrest. An unsigned note in that paper announced that Cocea had been imprisoned "for the least of his crimes", and called to mind that Cocea had been lampooning its editor, Octavian Goga. The antisemitic publicist Alexandru Hodoș designated Cocea's supporters at "Adevărul" and "Cuvântul Liber" with the title of "Shabbos goyim", describing Cocea as a habitual prankster, a renegade of the socialist cause, and a dishonorable man.
Cocea served his sentence of one year and a half at Craiova penitentiary, and paid the 10,000 lei fine. He was afterward involved in communist agitation, speaking at PCR rallies in Câmpina (1925), Soroca and Otaci (during the 1931 electoral campaign). The PCR underground's leaders were often Cocea's guests at Frascatti. His modernist supporters did not follow his lead. By 1929, Vinea and "Contimporanul" were toning down their own socialist agenda, cooperating instead with the moderate National Peasants' Party, and even drawing suspicion from the left that they had become sympathetic to fascism. Generally a critic of the National Peasantists, Cocea quit a resurfacing "Facla" when in 1930, leaving Vinea in charge (the latter was editor of that newspaper until its 1940 disestablishment).
1930s novels and "Era Nouă".
Over the next few years, N. D. Cocea is believed to have been largely inactive in the political press. Instead, he made his return to fiction. In 1931, his novel "Vinul de viață lungă" ("The Wine of a Long Life") was released under contract with Editura Cultura Națională. Its received much acclaim, unmatched by Cocea's later works in the genre, which critics often found unpalatable for their erotic content. Cocea's erotic series includes: "Fecior de slugă" ("The Son of the Servant"), published in 1933 by Cultura Națională; "Pentr-un petec de negreață" ("Over a Black Patch", also known as "Andrei Vaia"), 1934, Alcaly Publishers; and "Nea Nae" ("Uncle Nae"), 1935, Alcaly.
During that interval, Cocea was again brought into custody. He was tried and imprisoned for statutory rape, having eloped with the 16-year-old Gina, orphaned daughter of the wealthy National Liberal politico Ion Manolescu-Strunga. The liberties he took in public life, and the provoking nature of his writings, resulted in other disputes with the nationalists, forming part of their larger conservative crusade against "pornography" and the avant-garde. The traditionalist periodical "Neamul Românesc", put out by Nicolae Iorga, had "Cocea Niculae" on its blacklist, as the third most offensive Romanian author (the avant-garde authors H. Bonciu and Geo Bogza were at No. 1 and No. 2 respectively). In parallel, Cocea was becoming involved in a publicized controversy with his wartime colleague Pamfil Șeicaru. As commentators have since noted, the two journalists were equally vulgar, but Șeicaru had been enlisted by the nationalists and the traditionalists.
In 1934, Cocea joined a group known as "Amicii URSS", formed on the basis of a PCR initiative and formally seeking to normalize Romania's relations with the Soviet Union. In November of that year, "Siguranța Statului" was reporting that Cocea and Callimachi, together with Petre Constantinescu-Iași, were going to establish in Bucharest a "far left platform" with a "pronounced Semitic tendency"; known as "Ideea Socială" ("The Social Idea"), it was supposedly part of the "Adevărul"-"Dimineața" network. The period also brought Cocea's brief and uneventful marriage with Lila Stănescu. She was in reality the lover of PCR activist Ion Gheorghe Maurer, whom the journalist continued to view as his friend.
In 1936, the year when he married his long-time lover Gina Manolescu-Strunga, Cocea again returned to the forefront of Romania's left-wing press, launching the theoretical magazine "Era Nouă" ("New Era"). Also a front for the PCR, replacing the banned "Bluze Albastre" of communist writer Alexandru Sahia, "Era Nouă" was itself shut down by the authorities in 1937. It had published only two issues. In one of its internal memos, "Siguranța Statului" reviewed the first of these as inoffensively "academic", the second as "agitatorial". "Siguranța" agents also noted that Cocea, with Dobrescu and Callimachi, was making efforts to assist the PCR activists tried in Chișinău, and trying to obtain further support from the left-wing National Peasantists (Virgil Madgearu, Grigore Iunian).
"Era Nouă"s main contributors were young communist essayists such as Sahia, Miron Radu Paraschivescu, Ștefan Voicu and Silvian Iosifescu, but the magazine also published avant-garde authors with Marxist sensibilities: Ion Călugăru, Stephan Roll, Virgil Teodorescu, Dolfi Trost and Paul Păun. They were joined by communist polemicists Ghiță Ionescu and Belu Zilber. In its first issue, "Era Nouă" prophesied that the general crisis of capitalism was evident in the rapid decay of "its culture and ideology", leaving the proletariat in a position to reinterpret mainstream culture "on the large basis offered by dialectical materialism". According to cultural historian Zigu Ornea, such pronouncements, soon taken up by the entire communist press, were in reality a form of left-wing totalitarianism, and therefore equivalent to the internal logic of fascism.
"Reporter" magazine and tensions with the PCR.
Cocea was reputedly pondering the relaunch of "Chemarea" as a communist newspaper, supposedly with Ștefan Foriș, the ex-convict head of PCR Agitprop, as its manager, and Paraschivescu, Voicu, as well as other Communist Youth activists, as co-editors. "Siguranța" men had it that Cocea shocked his communist partners by informing them that "Chemarea" was to be a "centrist" platform, with no known communist on its staff. However, the senior socialist remained active in proximity to the PCR over the next year. In May 1937, he caught "Siguranța"s attention as a would-be collaborator to Callimachi's anti-fascist review "Munca" ("The Labor"). Making overtures toward the National Peasantist left-wingers, "Munca" also received contributions from poets Mihail Cruceanu and Sandu Tudor, from sociologist Mihai Ralea and journalist Tudor Teodorescu-Braniște, and from writer-director Sandu Eliad. In summer 1937, the moderate left-wing "Azi" daily published Cocea's renewed criticism of censorship, part of a series of a collective reply to the far right's moralistic discourse.
Cocea was again mandated by the PCR to lead "Reporter" weekly, beginning with its November 1937 issue. The periodical, already in existence for five years, was making efforts to reach the apolitical public. In an editorial for "Reporter", Cocea made comments similar to the "Era Nouă" program, with a more pronounced satirical tone and allusions to fascism: "however massive the stupidity of dictatorial rules, man's intelligence, honesty in convictions the fervor of the masses will in the end topple them. [... The greedy satraps, the leeward adventurers have come to tumble down, one on top of the other."
"Reporter"s agenda was generically anti-fascist: campaigning for the Republican side in the Spanish Civil War, it lampooned Benito Mussolini and Adolf Hitler, and repeatedly attacked the Iron Guard or other Romanian fascist groups. Its political panelists included, alongside Voicu, Paraschivescu and Călugăru, the future communist historian Ion Popescu-Puțuri, reporter Aurel Baranga, and anti-fascist poet Gherasim Luca. Other members of the "Reporter" circle, whose contacts with Cocea were closely investigated by the authorities, included a diverse gathering of PCR figures: Foriș, Trost, Marxist sociologist Lucrețiu Pătrășcanu, unionist Ilie Pintilie and the Bessarabian poet Emilian Bucov. "Reporter" also published the militant poems of Demostene Botez, Liviu Deleanu and Al. Șahighian, and samples of international left-leaning literature (Ilya Ehrenburg, André Malraux, Nikolai Ostrovsky). The maverick dramatist Mihail Sebastian was, for a while, "Reporter"s literary chronicler.
Only two months after Cocea took over, "Reporter" was banned by state censorship, suspected of "communist tendencies" and of publishing "alarmist articles." The sincerity of Cocea's political credo was by then coming into question: the maverick communist Petre Pandrea alleged that Cocea was infiltrated into the party ranks by "Siguranța Statului". Stelian Tănase also describes Cocea as a double agent, notoriously close to "Siguranța" director Mihail Moruzov (his Bucharest neighbor), trafficking in information from the communist movement and the court of Carol II, but still advising PCR Agitprop. Cocea was nevertheless being closely watched by the "Siguranța" Detective Corps. It kept notes on his meetings with French press correspondents, with Spanish Republican diplomats and with disgraced Jewish Romanian journalists such as Jacques G. Costin. According to these documents, Cocea discussed political matters with the opponents of Carol II, including National Peasantist Iuliu Maniu and communist sympathizer Petru Groza. He is known to have had great sympathy for Maniu, despite their political differences.
World War II.
A 1939 entry in Cocea's own diary admits that the "unexpected" Non-Aggression Treaty between the Soviets and Nazi Germany was the source of "doubting" and "bitterness" among left-wing Romanians, but scolds his old friend Nicolae Lupu for having then lost faith in socialism. In contrast to his earlier political stances, Cocea was, by 1938, a member of the National Liberal Party, probably because a new wave of repression had led the PCR to implode. He was registered with the National Liberals until after Carol II's National Renaissance Front dictatorship pushed them into semi-clandestinity, and still enjoyed a privileged relationship with them during World War II.
Cocea was inactive during the war, when Romania was allied with the Axis Powers, and the successive dictatorial regimes. Inhabiting a private villa in the Transylvanian town of Sighișoara, he kept diaries which offer insight into his various political dealings. Around 1939, he was separated from his wife Gina, following a series of disagreements in the family. The fascist National Legionary regime continued to keep track on his movements during 1940, alarmed by rumors that he had been operating a clandestine printing press, but was unable to determine whether he was still a communist.
From 1941, the Nazi-aligned regime of "Conducător" Ion Antonescu ordered Romania's participation in the war against the Soviet Union. Cocea was active in the informal opposition to Antonescu, approaching his old friends in the mainstream political parties. As early as January 1942, Cocea met with the National Peasantist leadership, probing its attitude toward the Soviet Union and the Romanian communists. Like them, Cocea was positively impressed that the PCR was turning into a "patriotic" party and going back on its pro-German stance. Around 1944, Cocea resumed contacts with the since-revived PCR. In June, "Siguranța" reported that he was rounding up support for communist sympathizer Mihai Ralea and his underground Socialist Peasants' Party. He later served as the communists' liaison with the National Liberal Party wing of Gheorghe Tătărescu (later, the National Liberal Party-Tătărescu). Cocea's intervention contributed to a strategic alliance between the communists and the various other parties, within a coalition which Antonescu ("see King Michael's Coup"). Cocea's actress sister Alice, who was living in Nazi-occupied France, was taking a different path: she and her manager, Robert Capgras, had a friendly relationship with the Germans and were later deemed collaborators with the enemy.
Communist honors.
In September 1944, Cocea was elected Vice President of the Romanian Writers' Society, which was in the process of expelling writers associated with the wartime regimes. He personally proposed for some 50 "valuable writers", from Maria Banuș and Ury Benador to Radu Tudoran and Gheorghe Zane, including many of his left-wing friends, to be admitted into the Society (only 20 of them were eventually received). The following month, he participated with Callimachi in the creation of a formally unified Journalists' Trade Union. Split between PCR and National Peasantist lobbies, it was created around the conjectural goal of purging the Romanian press of fascist influences. The Union was originally presided by a Committee comprising Cocea, Callimachi, Nicolae Carandino, Miron Constantinescu, George Ivașcu, Eugen Jebeleanu, Octav Livezeanu, George Macovescu, Nicolae Moraru, Ion Pas, Grigore Preoteasa, Tudor Teodorescu-Braniște, Alfons Vogel and several others. In May 1945, Cocea represented the Writers' Society at the funeral of his "Reporter" colleague Mihail Sebastian, who had been killed in a road accident.
The Romanian Society for Friendship with the Soviet Union (ARLUS), which offered a good reception to Soviet occupation forces, counted N. D. and Dina Cocea among its earliest members (although they were probably not among its founders); in December 1944, father and daughter were co-opted on the ARLUS Leadership Committee. The ARLUS Press Section, headed by Teodorescu-Braniște, had Cocea as one of its first vice presidents, serving alongside Ion Pas. Around 1946, Cocea approached Arghezi with a PCR offer to become a paid communist writer. According to his own classified report for the party, he was unable to persuade his former friend to join him in this cause. Cocea's various efforts still earned praise from official poet Mihai Beniuc, who included his colleague among the writers most active in disseminating communist principles after August 1944. According to Tănase, Cocea "offered himself to the Soviet occupier, with the same amoralism and cynicism that have been following him through life."
Between 1944 and 1946, Cocea was also editor and publisher of "Victoria" ("Victory") daily. Although nominally independent, this paper was a tribune for the PCR, supporting the policies of communization, and popularizing Stalinism. It fostered a new generation of journalists and activists, among them Vera Călin, B. Elvin, George Mărgărit and Marius Mircu. Other "Victoria" contributors, including Iosifescu, Constantin Balmuș, the avant-garde writers Radu Boureanu and Geo Dumitrescu, wrote articles which condemned the various traditional seats of learning and the Romanian Academy, as "reactionary", while naming the senior far right supporters in culture (from Ioan Alexandru Brătescu-Voinești and D. Caracostea to P. P. Panaitescu and Ion Petrovici).
On March 31, 1945, Cocea replaced the disgraced Carandino as Inspector-general of the Romanian theaters, and began introducing communist censorship. In September 1947, a few months before the Romanian communist regime officially took over, Cocea was reelected to the Writers' Society Leadership Committee. Together with Ion Pas, the Minister of Arts, he introduced legislation that severely curtailed the Romanian dramatic repertoire. It was largely impractical, causing an uproar in the theatrical community, and leading to Cocea's demotion in December 1947. 
On January 9, 1948, Cocea was made Vice President of the reformed Writers' Society (later Writers' Union of Romania), alongside Galaction, Gábor Gaál and Al. Șahighian (Zaharia Stancu was the President, Ion Călugăru the General Secretary). He died the next year at his home in Sighișoara, shortly after a spiritual crisis had brought him back into the Romanian Orthodox Church.
Personal life and family.
N. D. Cocea had a notoriously promiscuous lifestyle, a favorite topic of gossip and urban legends. In his recollections, fellow journalist Constantin Beldie alleged that Cocea once owned a summer pavilion frequented by debauched young women, a veritable "seraglio". A writer named Bogdan Amaru noted in autumn 1934 that "Nicu D. Cocea always walks around with two girls on his arms. The women sense in him the writer who is at all times willing to render them immortal with the tip of his pen." However, the intelligence agents keeping Cocea under surveillance during the 1930s and '40s collected rumors according to which their target was a homosexual. The "Țara Noastră" polemicists also claimed that Cocea's pederasty was a matter of public record.
Cocea's marriages and relationships resulted in four children: Tantzi, Dina, Radu and Ioana-Maria (also known as Maria Cocea). Florica Mille, who was his first wife, left him for his many affairs with younger women, even though, Dina Cocea recalls, she was forever fascinated by his intellect. After the 1920 divorce, Cocea is said to have lived with a Maria or Zoe Grigorescu. Tantzi, who was born to him from this relationship (1909), was the first wife of Liviu Ciulley (father of the award-winning filmmaker Liviu Ciulei). The writer's second marriage, to Lila Stănescu, was allegedly one of convenience, and he was at the time still in a physical relationship with Gina Manolescu-Strunga, the reason for his statutory rape trial. Their affair continued even after Gina married art critic Petru Comarnescu, and she was carrying Cocea's child when that marriage was annulled.
The daughter, Ioana-Maria, was later recognized by Cocea, and earned her artistic reputation as a sculptor; through her mother, she was related to the Ghica family and to the banker Iosif Pincas. Like Comarnescu before him, Cocea became disenchanted with Gina and was repelled by her public persona: his diaries contain sarcastic comments on her supposed lack of principles and naïvete, calling her "Gina Balamuc" ("Madhouse Gina"). After parting with Cocea, Gina was married to communist journalist Ghiță Ionescu (later known as an anti-communist academic, relocated to England). In the 1940s, while in Sighișoara, Cocea had as a mistress Ioana Mosora, who was more than 40 years his junior. One of his final projects was to educate Ioana, the daughter of impoverished peasants, on art and literary history.
According to literary historian George Călinescu, Cocea was only devoted to "the cause of the proletariat" in his public life: "in his most intimate life, an aristocrat, worshiping the established order and the supreme factor." The anticlerical journalist was always troubled by the matters of belief and organized religion. In "Spre Roma", Cocea confesses about having piously knelt in front of Leonardo da Vinci's "Last Supper", and about finding the arguments of Roman Catholic preachers to be almost irresistible. Cocea was still active in the Romanian Freemasonry: he stood by the dissident Masons who pledged allegiance to Grand Masters George Valentin Bibescu and Grigore C. Grigoriu; from 1945, he was himself a Deputy Grand Master. Reputedly, it was him who advised Grigoriu and Mihail Noradunghian to send this Masonic Lodge into "sleep", as a means to preempt communist suppression. In old age, he rediscovered Romanian Orthodoxy. He made arrangements for his parents to be reburied in Sighișoara, recognized all his illegitimate children, and, on his death bed, demanded to be buried with an Orthodox service performed by his old friend Galaction.
Cocea's image with his two friends Galaction and Arghezi had a more shady side. Cocea himself divulged Arghezi's private anti-communism in his 1946 report to the PCR overseers, recording that Arghezi rejected offers for collaboration with sarcasm and pride. Arghezi's own private notes, and some of his published lampoons, contain some biting remarks about Cocea's communist career. In a 2005 interview, Galaction's daughter Elena also stated that her father had only remained in contact with Cocea because of Cocea's kinship with Zoe Marcou-Galaction; the family, she claimed, mistrusted and feared Cocea, whom Zoe herself likened to the devil, but whose conversation skills they all found irresistibly entertaining.
Literary work.
Satirist.
In George Călinescu's definition, Cocea was "more of a yellow journalist than a talented one". Reviewing "Fecior de slugă" for "Gând Românesc" magazine in October 1933, cultural journalist C. Pastia sarcastically commented that Cocea's lampoons had "taught boys how to curse", in which action he identified the Cocea's lifelong objective. Similar assessments were later passed by other authors and researchers. Paul Cernat described Cocea the pamphleteer as "feared" and "vitriolic", while Stelian Tănase summarized his writing as "sharp, polemical and vulgar". Likewise, critic Mihai Zamfir calls Cocea's republican pamphlets "filthy", accusing them of promoting, together with the "stupid little poems" of the much older Alexandru Vlahuță, a distorted image of the Romanian monarchy. Stelian Tănase also notes that Cocea resorted in blackmail, just like his ex-pupil turned rival Pamfil Șeicaru, but that he was less interested than Șeicaru in accumulating fortunes. Cocea himself was vexed by Șeicaru's style. In his definition, it was the literary equivalent of "postilion curses".
The harsh pronouncements on Cocea's journalistic contributions are nuanced or contradicted by other writers and critics. Scarlat Callimachi spoke of his comrade, the "feared polemicist", as in reality "a good man" of "amazing generosity", and, stylistically, "a poet": "Even in his most violent articles one finds glimpses of true poetry." The latter trait, Callimachi assessed, survived no matter how hard Cocea trained himself to repress it. Cocea's skill was emphasized by his foe, Comarnescu, who believed Cocea to be a "semi-failure" as an intellectual, but also a "joker" of genius. According to Pastia: "no one in Romanian literature has ever speculated paradox with as much courage and talent." Writing in 1936, the young "Facla" essayist Eugène Ionesco (later a world-famous playwright), listed Cocea and Arghezi among the "peaks" of an older generation, as Romania's two "greatest lampoonists". Various other authors have also seen in Cocea a founding figure of the more satirical and politically aware side of modern Romanian humor.
"Poet-Poetă".
Cocea's youthful debut with "Poet-Poetă" was his homage to Symbolist prose poetry, colored with a strongly erotic tinge. According to George Călinescu, the book, "vehemently priapic and monotonous in its excess", borrows its tone from Alexandru Macedonski, its titillating subject from Pierre Louÿs, and its plot from Mihai Eminescu (the novel "Cezara"). The protagonists of "Poet-Poetă", Iulius and Ersilia, living on love and desire, discover each other's bodies and then the joy of dying of one's own volition, hurling themselves off a precipice. Writing in 1911, Ilarie Chendi noted that the book was Cocea's first known blunder, speculating that literary failure had relegated Cocea to the promotion of other, more talented, Symbolists.
Călinescu sees the positive aspect of "Poet-Poetă" in its "delicate description" of the human form (Ersilia's hair, for instance, is "stofă fără preț", "priceless fabric"). Fellow literary historian and critic Ștefan Cazimir has included Cocea's work among the Symbolist novels directly influenced by Vienna Secession art and the Secessionists' feminization of nature. Such traits also stand out in Galaction's biblical preface, a new "Song of Songs": "Ersilia's eyes are as green as the depths of the ponds at Heshbon; and her breasts like twin does grazing among the lilies." These interventions were held against Galaction by literary historian Eugen Lovinescu (an outspoken adversary of the "Viața Socială" writers): "A militant Orthodox, prefaced in his youth novels which defile all things sacred".
In 1908, when he castigated both Symbolism and "perverted eroticism", Cocea left a detailed list of authors he considered "degenerate" and "bourgeois": Gabriele d'Annunzio, Dumas-fils, Maurice Maeterlinck, Anna de Noailles, Georges Ohnet, Marcel Prévost, and Oscar Wilde. According to literary historian Angelo Mitchievici, the substance of such "class-based criticism" was equivalent to the biological determinism of Cocea's nationalist adversaries, announcing the absolutes of fascism ("degenerate art") and communism (the Zhdanov Doctrine).
"Vinul de viață lungă".
"Vinul de viață lungă" is considered by some to be Cocea's main work as a novelist. The main character, Manole Arcaș, is, like Cocea himself, a Moldavian boyar. Successive episodes in the book reveal his complex worldview: Arcaș is an atheist with modernist sensibilities, a lover of nature, and a utopian socialist who has been turning his estate into a commune. Having reached a venerable age, he slowly reveals the secret of his longevity in conversations with the much younger judge: after decades of experimentation, the Arcaș estate produces a special sort of Moldavian wine; the grapes were pressed by Manole and a Romani (Gypsy) girl, in the course of their love-making. The object of Arcaș' olfactory fetish, the girl has died a tragic death, inspiring Manole to take up the winery project as a sort of symbolic rebirth.
With its aesthetics and its tone, "Vinul de viață lungă" is an unusual sample of militant literature, contrasting with the work of socialist or Poporanist writers from Cocea's lifetime. French historian Bernard Camboulives notes that Cocea made a point of reacting against Poporanists' call to preserve "Romanian specificity". Similarly, George Călinescu notes that the Poporanist setting is given an original twist in Cocea's novel, with the erotic interludes. As Callimachi writes, the book is a rare moment in which Cocea the poet vanquished Cocea the journalist, while Camboulives sees in it "a eulogy to life, to love, to the senses and to the most elevated thoughts". In Călinescu's more skeptical interpretation, it merely stands for "a journalistic narrative, with the stylistic decency of well-read men", its author being less than a "creator", its dialogues just "chatter".
"Fecior de slugă", "Pentr-un petec...", "Nea Nae".
During the interwar period, Cocea could at times register significant success, but it was largely owed to the scandalous nature of his novels. The issue was taken into consideration by Călinescu, who referred to Cocea's "exaggerated, but explainable" popularity. C. Pastia also suspected Cocea of pulling a prank, "leaving the impression that he had dedicated himself to literature" in "Vinul de viață lungă", and then returning to the political stage with novel-lampoons. Cocea also found critics among his fellow modernists: writing in 1935, modernist critic Lucian Boz created a separation between the "pornographic novels" of Cocea or D. V. Barnoschi, which "have orgasm as their goal", and the controversial but "brave" literature of James Joyce.
"Fecior de slugă", the first of Cocea's political novels, takes its artistic inspiration from the "fin de siècle" novelist Duiliu Zamfirescu, creator of the social climbing prototype Dinu Păturică. Cocea's Dinu is Tănase Bojogeanu, the "son of the servant" referred to in the book's title. As a child, he is shown competing in school with Nelu Azan, the daydreaming aristocrat, profiting from Azan's generosity and overtaking him in many respects. However, while Nelu preserves ideals which lead him into the communist movement, Tănase, the corrupt clerk, rises through the ranks to become King's Commissioner. The two are pitted against each other, their ideological conflict made worse when Bojogeanu sells a young female communist into sexual slavery.
Present throughout the work are masked portrayals of Cocea's political allies and adversaries. Pastia, who described such cameos as both cartoonish and interesting, identified Alexandru Averescu, Ion I. C. Brătianu, Constantin Dobrogeanu-Gherea, I. C. Frimu, Dumitru Iliescu-Turtucaia, Take Ionescu, Nicolae Iorga and some others. Pastia also suggests that the central theme (Bojogeanu as the bourgeois suffocating ancient boyardom) is conventional and ultimately irrelevant: "That may well be, and we agree that our morals may tolerate the decay of the Azans and the ascent of the Bojogeanus. But this did not a novel make. An issue of "Facla" would have sufficed." Călinescu spoke with displeasure about "Fecior de slugă" as an illustration of Cocea's "strident, violent style, excessively vulgar and of a sexuality that is never redeemed by a hint of whatever is eternally human." Pastia however found that Cocea wrote his book with noticeable talent "in rendering that which is vulgar", a Romanian answer to Charles Baudelaire's "Les Fleurs du mal".
"Pentr-un petec de negreață", with its name borrowed from peri-urban Romanian folklore, shows its male protagonist Andrei Vaia alternating between dreams of free love in the countryside and the adulation of Bucharest as a hotspot of erotic pursuits. Of the adventures depicted, some are believed to have been modeled on Cocea's own sexual exploits. A pivotal moment in the novel shows Andrei discovering that his Bucharest lover, Mira, is cheating on him with the hunchback Bergher, who has purchased her attentions with stockings and silk. Through Vaia's monologues, the book gives Cocea's views about the female psyche and bodily needs, the supposedly eternal insecurity of men, and the mystery of female orgasm. "Pentr-un petec..." doubled as a barely disguised satire of the interwar political class, in this case specifically directed at the National Peasants' Party—according to Călinescu, this was Cocea's selling tactic, as were its advertised depictions of "fornication" and "sexual abnormalities", or its licentious quotation from the Book of Proverbs.
In "Nea Nae", the eponymous protagonist is a boorish and thick potentate, always on the hunt for "beastly erotic pleasures" (Călinescu), sometimes accompanied by thinly disguised political figures of the interwar. Călinescu was especially critical of Nae's speech patterns, caricatured "without the gifts of the picturesque".
Legacy.
Cocea greatly influenced the journalistic style of young Ion Vinea and Scarlat Callimachi. In addition to his presence in the memoirs or diaries of his friends and enemies, Cocea is the republican revolutionist in "Cronică de familie" ("Family Chronicle"), by the communist writer Petru Dumitriu—a text allegedly plagiarized from Vinea's unpublished works. Among the better-known visual portrayals of Cocea is a 1928 ink drawing by Marcel Janco.
Some of N. D. Cocea's writings enjoyed a good standing throughout Romania's communist period. During the early 1960s, official textbooks described him as one of those who covered the gap between 19th-century Realism and Romanian Socialist Realism. In particular, the communist regime overplayed Cocea's criticism of the Romanian monarchy, glorifying him as someone who had undermined the credibility of Michael I and his predecessors. In one instance, communist historiography even claimed that Cocea and Arghezi had served time for their 1912 anti-monarchy campaign, taking "Facla" lampoons at face value. Cocea's World War II diaries were passed on to his relatives in Switzerland, and have not been published except for the short fragments hosted in the 1960s by two Romanian reviews: "Magazin Istoric" and "Secolul XX". In 1970, an edition of his "Jurnal" ("Diary") was issued by the PCR's Editura Politică. A previously unknown novel by Cocea was signaled in the late 1970s, and noted for its virulent attacks on Pamfil Șeicaru.
Cocea's literature and political controversy were also publicized outside Romania. From his refuge in Francoist Spain, Șeicaru made public his decades-long polemic with Cocea. His repeated talk about Cocea's immorality prompted literary historian Nicolae Manolescu to note a paradox: "It is somewhat strange to see accusations of immorality being launched by people who, beyond their talent [...], do not even possess the most basic moral sense. The mere fact that the pamphlets they hurl at each other, like hogwash, have morality as their stake (never their own, always the other's), should make one think." A French-language translation of "Vinul de viață lungă" was published by Jean de Palacio ("Le Vin de longue vie", Le Serpent à Plumes, 2000). According to Romanian literary critic Mircea Iorgulescu, the positive reception of such works in France "would probably astound the Romanian literary environment, for whom Cocea hardly even exists."
Streets named after Cocea exist in Bucharest, Sighișoara, Brașov, Oradea, Sibiu and Timișoara. His residence in Sighișoara is preserved by the local authorities as a "memorial house". The same city is home to the N. D. Cocea Literary Club, established 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="30965057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965057" title="Secret Curve">
Secret Curve

Secret Curve is a 2011 album by Ron Anderson's PAK. It was released on John Zorn's Tzadik label as part of the composer series.
The Ashfield Sessions.
Anderson released an earlier version of the compositions on Secret Curve as a limited edition live CDR called The Ashfield Sessions in 2008. 150 hand numbered copies were made. Alex Lozupone said about the material ""The new Pak has a tendency to fall into grooves more easily than the old (Ron is a bassist now!), which makes for a different sound - not a bad thing at all."".

</doc>
<doc id="30965062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30965062" title="Francis Bagshawe">
Francis Bagshawe

Francis Westby Bagshawe (4 April 1832 – 28 April 1896) was an English landowner who served as High Sheriff of Derbyshire in 1868.
Bagshawe was born at Norton, Derbyshire, the son of barrister William John Bagshawe of Wormhill Hall, Derbyshire, and his wife Sarah Partridge. He was educated at Uppingham School from 1848 and admitted at Trinity College, Cambridge on 12 June 1851, being awarded BA in 1855 and MA in 1860.
Bagshawe succeeded to the estates of his elder brother, the renowned oarsman William Bagshawe, in 1854 after William was killed in an affray with poachers at Millers Dale. The estates included Oakes Park, near Sheffield; Wormhill Hall, Derbyshire; and Cotes Hall, which he sold in 1883. In 1862 he was promoted to Lieutenant in the Yorkshire Yeomanry Cavalry. He was J.P. and Deputy Lieutenant for Derbyshire and J.P. for the West Riding of Yorkshire. In 1868 he was High Sheriff of Derbyshire.
Bagshawe died at the age of 64 and was buried at St Margaret's, Wormhill.
Bagshawe married Caroline Ameila Cloyne and had two daughters.

</doc>
