<doc id="31181124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181124" title="Incidents at Tokyo Disney Resort">
Incidents at Tokyo Disney Resort

This is a summary of notable incidents that have taken place at Tokyo Disney Resort in Japan. The term "incidents" refers to major accidents, injuries, deaths and significant crimes. While these incidents are required to be reported to regulatory authorities for investigation, attraction-related incidents usually fall into one of the following categories:

</doc>
<doc id="31181125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181125" title="Zachary Abel">
Zachary Abel

Zachary Burr Abel (born September 4, 1980) is an American actor, who is perhaps best known for portraying Carter Anderson in the ABC Family series "Make It or Break It". For his role of Carter Anderson he has been nominated for 2010 Teen Choice Awards in the category of "Choice Summer TV Star Male" but lost to Ian Harding of Pretty Little Liars.
Early life.
Zachary born and grew up in the small town of Middletown, Indiana. He was born on September 4, 1980, and studied finance and international business at Washington University in St. Louis.
Professional career.
Zachary began his acting career in 2007, when he was appeared in an episode of a . He got his major chance by playing a character of Jonah Madigan, in a web television My Alibi, a series produced by Take180. In 2009, he played a substantial role in the ABC Family drama The Secret Life of the American Teenager in which he appeared as a Max Enriquez, the stepbrother of Adrian Lee, whom he made an intimate relationship. He has also appeared in a 2009 horror film Forget Me Not. Zachary starred in the ABC Family drama Make It or Break It as Carter Anderson.

</doc>
<doc id="31181129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181129" title="Ward McAllister (actor)">
Ward McAllister (actor)

Ward McAllister (1891–1981) was an American film actor of the silent era.
He was born in Apollo, Pennsylvania, as Ward David McAllister. In 1922 he appeared as the villain in the controversial British crime film "Cocaine".

</doc>
<doc id="31181132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181132" title="Search-Driven Media">
Search-Driven Media

Search-Driven Media or SDM, was created by Skyword, and presents a new approach to SEM
. Skyword’s SDM platform “enables writers to create content for partners from consumer to media brands …that is optimized for search and social media to drive more readers to that content.” 

</doc>
<doc id="31181158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181158" title="HMS Constance (R71)">
HMS Constance (R71)

HMS "Constance" was a C-class destroyer of the Royal Navy launched on 22 June 1944.
She was sold to Ward's for scrapping at Inverkeithing, arriving there on the 8th March 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="31181167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181167" title="List of hawthorn species with yellow fruit">
List of hawthorn species with yellow fruit

Most species of "Crataegus" (hawthorn) have red fruit, others can have black or purple fruit, and some have yellow or orange fruit.

</doc>
<doc id="31181176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181176" title="Electoral registration">
Electoral registration

Electoral registration may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31181178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181178" title="Teddy Arundell">
Teddy Arundell

Teddy Arundell (1873–1922) was a British film actor of the silent era.

</doc>
<doc id="31181197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181197" title="Austropeltum">
Austropeltum

Austropeltum is a genus of lichenized fungus in the order Lecanorales. The genus is monotypic, containing the single species Austropeltum glareosum, found in Australia and New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="31181199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181199" title="Bunodophoron">
Bunodophoron

Bunodophoron is a genus of lichens in the order Lecanorales. The genus has a widespread distribution, especially in south temperate areas, and contains 20 species.

</doc>
<doc id="31181200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181200" title="Leifidium">
Leifidium

Leifidium is a genus of lichenized fungus in the order Lecanorales. The genus is monotypic, containing the single species Leifidium tenerum, found in Australia and South America.

</doc>
<doc id="31181201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181201" title="The Good Shepherd National School">
The Good Shepherd National School

The Good Shepherd National School is a co-educational national school in the parish of Churchtown, Dublin. It was formed in 1989 when Our Lady of Loreto Girls and De La Salle Boys were combined.

</doc>
<doc id="31181202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181202" title="Neophyllis">
Neophyllis

Neophyllis a genus of lichenized fungi in the order Lecanorales. The genus contains two species found in Australasia.

</doc>
<doc id="31181203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181203" title="Sphaerophorus">
Sphaerophorus

Sphaerophorus a genus of lichenized fungi in the order Lecanorales. According to the "Dictionary of the Fungi" (10th edition, 2008), the widespread genus contains eight species.

</doc>
<doc id="31181210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181210" title="Ronnie Scribner">
Ronnie Scribner

Ronnie Scribner (born July 23, 1966) is an American former actor. Beginning his career as a professional child actor and model at the age of 11, Scribner is perhaps best known for his role as the child vampire Ralphie Glick in the 1979 CBS mini-series "Salem's Lot". Rising to prominence among teenage audiences as an adolescent, he is also known for his multiple guest-starring roles throughout the late 1970s and early 1980s on such television series as the "ABC Afterschool Special", "Little House on the Prairie", "The Love Boat", "Fantasy Island", "CHiPs", and "Dallas", among others.
Early life.
Ronnie Scribner was born Ronald Adam Scribner on July 23, 1966, to parents Penny and Lawrence Scribner. He has one younger sibling, a sister named Annaliesa (born in 1969), who was also a child actor, appearing in numerous commercials as well as guest-starring with him in an episode of "Little House on the Prairie". With his youthful "boy-next-door" looks and small for his age, Scribner was often cast in roles several years younger than his true age throughout most of his career as a child star.
Career.
Early career.
Scribner began his acting career at the age of 11 when he landed his first television role as a recurring character on the 1977/1978 season of "General Hospital". On September 16, 1978, he appeared in his first starring role on ABC's popular Saturday morning anthology series "The ABC Weekend Special". In the episode entitled "The Contest Kid and the Big Prize", Scribner starred as Woody, the best friend of Harvey, played by fellow child star Patrick Petersen, who wins a "gentleman's gentleman" after entering a magazine contest. That same evening, Scribner made his prime-time debut on the popular ABC series "Fantasy Island". In the episode entitled "The Homecoming", Scribner guest-starred as Danny, the son of a Vietnam veteran (David Birney) whose wish is to be reunited with his wife and son after recovering from eight years of amnesia. On October 11, 1978, Scribner appeared in his first leading role in an episode of "The ABC Afterschool Special", the popular children's anthology series much like "The ABC Weekend Special", but known for its more mature and often dramatic stories. In the episode entitled "A Home Run for Love" (also known as "Thank You, Jackie Robinson"), Scribner starred as Sammy Greene, a fatherless boy who forms a special bond with an elderly friend through their mutual love of the 1947 Brooklyn Dodgers.
On January 15, 1979, Scribner made his first guest-starring appearance on the NBC series "Little House on the Prairie". In the episode entitled "Blind Man's Bluff", Scribner played Jordan Harrison, a friend of Laura Ingalls (Melissa Gilbert) who pretends to be blind after an accident in order to bring his quarreling parents closer together. redited as "Lisa Scribner", Scribner's younger sister Annaliese also had a small role in the same episode as Hannah Herzog, a young girl attending Mary's (Melissa Sue Anderson) school for the blind. Scribner's next role was in the NBC television movie "The Castaways on Gilligan's Island". Premiering on May 3, 1979, the movie was the second film adaptation reuniting the original cast of the popular 1960s sitcom "Gilligan's Island". In the movie, Scribner played Robbie Sloan, a runaway boy who hides on the island after the former castaways have turned it into a luxury vacation destination. On September 9, 1979, Scribner once again returned as a guest star on "Fantasy Island". In the episode's storyline entitled "Hit Man", Scribner portrayed Greg Forbush, the son of a desperate businessman (David Doyle) whose wish is to be killed so that his family can collect on his life insurance. Complete with an entirely different family, Scribner joined the list of "Fantasy Island" guest stars who would return to the show to play a completely different character than his previous appearance. Scribner's next appearance was a reprisal of his role as Woody on "The ABC Weekend Special", once again starring alongside Patrick Petersen as Harvey. Airing on September 22, 1979, and titled "The Contest Kid Strikes Again", it was one of the rare times ABC produced a sequel episode to one of their live-action "Weekend Special" stories. On November 2, 1979, Scribner guest-starred on the popular CBS prime-time soap opera, "Dallas". In the episode entitled "The Lost Child", Scribner played Luke Middens, a lonely young boy who develops a special relationship with Bobby Ewing (Patrick Duffy), after his father is hired as a ranch hand at Southfork.
"Salem's Lot".
On November 17, 1979, Scribner starred in what would become his most famous role, that of the child vampire Ralphie Glick in the two-part CBS television movie "Salem's Lot". Based on the Stephen King novel and shot on film, the mini-series was later re-edited and given a feature film theatrical release in some European countries. In one of the film's most memorable scenes, Scribner's character levitates in the mist outside his brother's bedroom window, one of the first depictions of the child vampire in film, and becoming something of a cinematic touchstone among horror fans. In 1993, Scribner's haunting window scene was parodied in one of the special "Treehouse of Horror" episodes of "The Simpsons". In the segment entitled "Bart Simpson's Dracula", Bart is turned into a vampire by Mr. Burns, and later comes for his sister Lisa by floating outside her bedroom window and scraping on the glass. In 2003, Scribner's window scene was ranked #42 on Channel 4's list of "The 100 Greatest Scary Moments". In the countdown special, screenwriter-producer Mark Gatiss said of Scribner's scene - "It's just straight-forward scares. You can't really work out how he's floating. He's got this ghastly, deathly pallette; it was really wonderful." In 2008, Scribner's scene was ranked #4 on "Empire" magazine's list of "Top 10 Scariest Movie Scenes". For the list, horror writer-director James Gunn wrote of Scribner's performance - "The moment with the little vampire brother knocking on the window, scraping and making that horrible sound. And his brother comes over and lets him in! When I was a kid, that scared me more than anything else in my entire life. It gave me nightmares for years. It all comes down to that little kid's performance! The smile on his face is the scariest, creepiest thing of all time." In 2012, "Fangoria" writer Lee Gambin described the enduring iconography of Scribner's role as "a beautiful play on the Peter Pan mythology where the children of darkness never grow up, staying young forever by feeding on the blood of mortals," and lauded Scribner's scenes as "among the most captivatingly sinister sequences ever put to film." When interviewed about the cult following the film, and particularly his scenes, had sustained for more than 30 years, Scribner stated, "It was the most fun, and I'm super-happy to have been a part of something that means so much to people."
Later career.
On March 15, 1980, Scribner had a guest-starring role on the popular ABC series "The Love Boat". In the episode's storyline entitled "Tres Amigos", Scribner played Keith Gaines, a boy who befriends Vicki (Jill Whelan) while the two try to hide a young stowaway (Tony Ramirez) on his way to Mexico to visit his mother. On April 5, 1980, Scribner next guest-starred on the short-lived NBC sitcom "Me and Maxx" in the episode entitled "Maxx's Friend". As indicated by the episode's title, Scribner played Terry, a new friend who causes anxiety for Norman (Joe Santos) when he spends the night as a sleepover guest of the series' young female titular character, Maxx (Melissa Michaelsen). Scribner's next role was in the first of "The Gambler" television films. Premiering on April 8, 1980, Scribner originated the role of Jeremiah Hawkes (later played by Charles Fields and Kris Kamm in subsequent film installments), the long-lost son of a gambler (Kenny Rogers) who seeks out his father after learning of his true identity. On May 23, 1980, Scribner played the starring role in the ABC made-for-television movie "The Long Days of Summer". In the allegorical coming-of-age story, Scribner played Daniel Cooper, a Jewish boy who prepares to fight a bully when his family faces anti-semitism in 1938 Bridgeport, Connecticut. On July 20, 1980, Scribner guest-starred on another short-lived ABC comedy "When the Whistle Blows". In the episode entitled "Run For The Roses", Scribner played Scott, a young jockey-in-training who befriends a construction worker named Hunk (Tim Rossovich) after Hunk wins a broken-down thoroughbred race horse in a raffle. Scribner's next guest-starring role was on the popular NBC series "CHiPs". In the two-hour episode airing on December 7, 1980, and titled "The Great 5k Star Race and Boulder Wrap Party", Scribner played Dane, a boy who wants Jon (Larry Wilcox) for his "Big Brother" after Jon rescues him from a bicycle accident. Although most online sources indicate that the episode aired as a two-hour episode, the special was subsequently aired as two separate one-hour episodes for syndication.
On March 20, 1981, Scribner had a co-starring role in the Disney feature film "Amy". Originally intended to air as part of the "Wonderful World of Disney" television anthology series, the film was instead given a theatrical release. In the film, Scribner portrayed Walter Ray, a blind boy attending a special school for the deaf and blind in the early 1900s when a new teacher, Amy (Jenny Agutter), comes to begin a new life. Scribner's next appearance was a guest-starring role on the ABC family drama "Code Red" produced by Irwin Allen. In the episode entitled "All That Glitters" (listed by some sources as "The Land of Make Believe") and airing on November 29, 1981, Scribner played Seth, a boy who befriends Danny (Adam Rich), a young firefighter-in-training who lands a small role in a film where the flagrant fire code violations endanger everyone working on set. On December 9, 1981, Scribner next guest-starred on the popular NBC mystery-crime series "Quincy, M.E.". In the episode entitled "", Scribner portrayed Gabe, a young mute ranch hand who holds the key to a murder that Quincy (Jack Klugman) is investigating.
Teen idol.
As Scribner entered adolescence, teenage audiences began to take notice of him, as did the teen magazines. Beginning to appear his true age, Scribner made the transition from child star to teen idol with color pinups and articles appearing in numerous teen magazines of the time, including "Tiger Beat", "Super Teen" and "Teen Stars" among others. In April 1982, "Tiger Beat" described Scribner when introducing him to their teen readers - "Soft brown hair, sparkling eyes of blue, a touch of freckles that gives him that appealing boy-next-door look and a smile to make your heart spin - that's Ronnie Scribner." On October 3, 1982, Scribner returned to the big screen with a role in the feature film "Split Image". In the film, Scribner portrayed Sean Stetson, the adolescent brother of a young man (Michael O'Keefe) whose family struggles to bring him home after he joins a religious "commune". Although a small supporting role, Scribner's performance in the film earned him a Youth In Film Award nomination (now known as the Young Artist Award) in the "Best Young Supporting Actor in a Motion Picture" category. On October 18, 1982, Scribner returned to "Little House on the Prairie" in what would be his final role. In the episode entitled "Rage", Scribner guest-starred as Randall Page, a teenage boy in Walnut Grove who falls in love with a girl (Tammy Lauren) whose father, plagued by personal and financial troubles, becomes unhinged after learning of the young lovers' budding romance.
Personal life.
Following his final appearance on "Little House", Scribner's acting career began to taper off. In 1985, he was reportedly set to co-star in the feature film "The Falcon and the Snowman," but his role was subsequently cut from the final edit and interest from the teen magazines eventually waned. After leaving show business, Scribner finished high school, and in 1989 enrolled at the University of California, where he graduated in 1993. In the subsequent years, Scribner worked as a financial analyst and mortgage broker, and in 1999, he married Jessica Garza. As of 2011, Scribner was working as a consumer credit manager and was living in the Denver, Colorado, area with his wife Jessica and their three children.

</doc>
<doc id="31181211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181211" title="James Van Alen">
James Van Alen

James Van Alen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31181225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181225" title="If This House Could Talk">
If This House Could Talk

If This House Could Talk is a community based history and public art project, first created and produced by residents of the Cambridgeport section of Cambridge, Massachusetts. Projects of a similar nature and with the same name take place annually in neighborhoods of Sacramento, California, and other communities in the United States.
The concept is to collect and present local history, and historical anecdotes, through a collaborative activity in which residents and businesses post hand written signs and graphics in front of their homes and businesses telling stories and offering information from the recent or not-so-recent past. The descriptive signs are on open display for passers-by to read and learn from as they walk along the streets. Exhibition of the signs may be an ongoing activity or an annual temporary event.
Community Process.
This form of collaborative group activity may offer a way to initiate neighborhood conversation during both the creation and public display of the informational signs. In community settings the signs posted for outdoor view present a range of information from the architectural history of a specific building or part of the neighborhood, to personal experiences and stories of the current or historic residents of a particular house. Public projects like If This House Could Talk offer neighborhood residents a way to present historical information with a personal voice. This type of community based project is a method for the presentation of Oral history. Presentation of history this way is related to, but not as formal or rigorous as, local history collected under the ideas of Public history.
This type of free and accessible presentation of information in public places encourages walking and exploration of a neighborhood in order to discover and learn from the signs and artworks. Sharing of local history may bring a community together through the engagement with common stories and sharing of values, and contribute to building a sense of place.
Critical Issues.
The historical information collected by activities such as If This House Could Talk do not necessarily have independent review or assessment and as such present history that may not be verifiable at a later date. Stories and content collected under this type of open community participation encourage the recollection and recording of local stories, however this type of history may be very personal and closer to the community based content collected by local amateur historians in the study of Local history, than third party history that is traditionally researched, reviewed, and then presented by trained professional historians. The content of information presented in If This House Could Talk events is often more anecdotal or popular, and should not be confused with the more comprehensive perspective taken by the narratives of People's History that document and frame local events within a larger social and political context. 
Critical review of the If This House Could Talk project in Cambridge, Massachusetts by MIT student researchers suggests that in many cases what is presented on the temporary signs are general architectural facts, rather than a sharing of personal stories that may have more power to encourage conversation and bring neighbors together. 
The Sacramento event did have signs. However, the project consisted of a series of free neighborhood workshops to help residents learn how to tell and share their collective stories, learn about the history of their homes, the people and their stories that lived in the neighborhood. Residents did learn about each other and engaged in workshops and the walking tour event. As a grass roots effort, the level of engagement is determined 1) by the residents' interest in participating, 2) and the cohesiveness that already existed in the neighborhood. As with all community engagement projects, neighbors need to have a reason or incentive to sustain their involvement on a regular basis. If this house could talk project, is a "friends making" opportunity that must become self-perpetuating to achieve any level of success. A one time event does not sustain community engagement.

</doc>
<doc id="31181238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181238" title="JTV-519">
JTV-519

JTV-519 (K201) is a 1,4-benzothiazepine derivative that interacts with many cellular targets. It has many structural similarities to diltiazem, a Ca2+ channel blocker used for treatment of hypertension, angina pectoris and some types of arrhythmias. JTV-519 acts in the sarcoplasmic reticulum (SR) of cardiac myocytes by binding to and stabilizing the ryanodine receptor (RyR2) in its closed state. It can be used in the treatment of cardiac arrhythmias, heart failure, catecholaminergic polymorphic ventricular tachycardia (CPVT) and store overload-induced Ca2+ release (SOICR). Currently, this drug has only been tested on animals and its side effects are still unknown. As research continues, some studies have also found a dose-dependent response; where there is no improvement seen in failing hearts at 0.3 μM and a decline in response at 1 μM.
Treatment with JTV-519 involves stabilization of RyR2 in its closed state, decreasing its open probability during diastole and inhibiting a Ca2+ leak into the cell’s cytosol. By decreasing the intracellular Ca2+ leak, it is able to prevent Ca2+ sparks or increases in the resting membrane potential, which can lead to spontaneous depolarization (cardiac arrhythmias), and eventually heart failure, due to the unsynchronized contraction of the atrial and ventricular compartments of the heart. When Ca2+ sparks occur from the SR, the increase in intracellular Ca2+ contributes to the rising membrane potential which leads to the irregular heart beat associated to cardiac arrhythmias. It can also prevent SOICR in the same manner; preventing opening of the channel due to the increase of Ca2+ inside the SR levels beyond its threshold.
Molecular problem.
In the closed state, N-terminal and central domains come into close contact interacting to cause a “zipping” of domains. This leads to conformational constraints that stabilize the channel and maintain the closed state. Most RyR2 mutations are clustered into three regions of the channel, all affecting the same domains that interact to stabilize the channel. Any of these mutations can lead to “unzipping” of the domains and a decrease in the energy barrier required for opening the channel (increasing its open probability). This channel “unzipping” allows for an increase in protein kinase A phosphorylation and calstabin2 dissociation. Phosphorylation of RyR2 increases the channel’s response to Ca2+, which usually binds the RyR2 to open it. If the channel become phosphorylated, this can lead to an increase in Ca2+ sparks due to an increase in Ca2+ sensitivity.
Some researchers believe that the depletion of calstabin2 from the RyR2 causes the calcium leak. The depletion of calstabin2 can occur in both heart failure and CPVT. Calstabin2 is a protein that stabilizes RyR2 in its closed state, preventing Ca2+ leakage during diastole. When calstabin2 is lost, the interdomain interactions of RyR2 become loose, allowing the Ca2+ leak.However, the role of calstabin2 has been controversial, as some studies have found it necessary for the effect of JTV-519, whereas others have found the drug functions without the stabilizing protein.
Molecular mechanism.
JTV-519 seems to restore the stable conformation of RyR2 during the closed state. It is still controversial whether or not calstabin2 is necessary for this process, however, many studies believe that JTV-519 can act directly on the channel and by binding, prevents conformational changes. This stabilization of the channel decreases its open probability resulting in fewer leaks of Ca2+ into the cytosol and fewer Ca2+ sparks to occur. Researchers who believe that calstabin2 is necessary for JTV-519 effect, found that this drug may function by inducing the binding of calstabin2 back to the channel or increasing calstabin2’s affinity for the RyR2 and thus increasing its stability.

</doc>
<doc id="31181243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181243" title="Kendall Marshall">
Kendall Marshall

Kendall Dewan Marshall (born August 19, 1991) is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for the Los Angeles Lakers of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He was born in Dumfries, Virginia, and attended Bishop O'Connell High School in Arlington, Virginia. He was drafted by the Phoenix Suns in the first round of the 2012 NBA Draft with the 13th overall pick.
High school career.
Marshall led Bishop O'Connell to the 2010 Virginia Independent Schools Division I championship as a senior. He also led Bishop O'Connell to the semifinals of the Washington Catholic Athletic Conference. He averaged 35.3 points, 12.4 rebounds and 10.2 assists as a senior.
College career.
Freshman season.
At the start of his first season at North Carolina, Marshall provided more depth at the point guard position to relieve starting point guard Larry Drew II, as he got more used to the system at North Carolina. However, after a disappointing showing at Georgia Tech in which the Tar Heels lost by twenty points, Roy Williams took the gamble and inserted Marshall into the starting lineup at a win versus Clemson. Soon Drew transferred to UCLA, allowing Marshall to take on the leadership role with poise; as he dished out sixteen assists to three turnovers at a win over Florida State on February 6.
Sophomore season.
Marshall had an excellent sophomore season in which he set the all time UNC assist record of 351,surpassing former UNC point guard Ed Cota as the all time leader in assists in a single season in school history. On March 9, 2012, Marshall set another record, the all-time ACC record in assists in a single season with 311, surpassing the previous record set by former Georgia Tech point guard Craig Neal.
Marshall fractured his wrist during North Carolina's NCAA tournament win against Creighton University, after landing hard when driving for a layup. He did not return for the remainder of the season, as Carolina fell to Kansas in the regional finals. Marshall won the 2012 Bob Cousy award, joining past winners Raymond Felton (2005) and Ty Lawson (2009) as Tar Heels who have won the award.
Professional career.
On March 29, 2012, Marshall announced that he would enter the 2012 NBA draft out of UNC with three of his teammates: sophomore Harrison Barnes, junior John Henson and senior Tyler Zeller. He was selected with the 13th overall pick in the 2012 NBA draft by the Phoenix Suns.
Phoenix Suns.
On July 16, 2012, Marshall signed a multi-year deal with the Phoenix Suns. He joined the Suns for the 2012 NBA Summer League and in his first game, he had five assists and three steals. In his final Summer League game, Marshall had a double-double with 15 points and 10 assists in a 96-87 victory over the Memphis Grizzlies.
On November 4, 2012, Marshall made his first official NBA appearance against the Orlando Magic. He did not record any statistics in that game. He had two assists and one steal in a blowout loss to the defending NBA Finals champion Miami Heat a day later. On November 29, 2012, the Suns assigned Marshall to the Bakersfield Jam of the NBA D-League. In his first game in the D-League, Marshall recorded 21 points, 8 assists and 2 rebounds in a 102-95 victory over the Santa Cruz Warriors. Marshall was recalled by the Suns on December 21, 2012.
On February 5, 2013, Marshall recorded a season-high 11 points with 4 assists in a 96-90 victory against the Memphis Grizzlies. On March 9, 2013, Marshall had 9 points, 2 rebounds, and 4 assists in a 107-105 victory over the Houston Rockets. Marshall's first official start in the NBA came on March 27, 2013 against the Utah Jazz. He had 13 assists in that game, his first game to record double-digit assists. In three starts, he totaled 37 assists.
On October 25, 2013, Marshall was traded, along with Marcin Gortat, Shannon Brown, and Malcolm Lee, to the Washington Wizards in exchange for Emeka Okafor and a 2014 first-round draft pick. Marshall, Brown, and Lee were all waived by the Wizards three days later.
Delaware 87ers.
On December 3, 2013, Marshall was acquired by the Delaware 87ers of the NBA D-League. In his debut with Delaware, Marshall recorded 31 points, 10 assists, 9 rebounds, and 2 steals in a 126-139 loss to the Rio Grande Valley Vipers.
Los Angeles Lakers.
On December 20, 2013, he signed with the Los Angeles Lakers. The injury-ravaged Lakers on January 3, 2014, made Marshall their sixth different player to start at point guard in 2013–14, when he established career highs with 20 points and 15 assists in a 110–99 victory over Utah that snapped a six-game losing streak. It was his fourth career start. In his next game, he recorded a career high 17 assists in a loss to the Denver Nuggets. Later that month, an image went viral mocking Marshall for standing at a distance while teammate Nick Young was confronted by Phoenix Suns players after Young had retaliated for a hard foul. Marshall called the image "hilarious" and said the photo did "look really bad." He was initially critical of Young, who was ejected, as the Lakers had numerous injuries and were undermanned. Marshall later took "full blame" for not coming to Young's aid.

</doc>
<doc id="31181246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181246" title="Scottish Renewables">
Scottish Renewables

Scottish Renewables has been the representative body of the Scottish renewable energy industry since 1996, presenting a united voice to decision makers who make energy policy. Scottish Renewables represents over 300 members and member organisations are wide ranging across all technologies and supply chains. Scottish Renewables has developed 14 focus areas to fully represent the renewable energy industry. These include: offshore wind power, onshore wind power, bioenergy, heat, hydro, marine energy, and microgeneration.
Johanna Yates, offshore policy manager for Scottish Renewables, has said Scotland is the natural home to offshore renewable energy, with abundant natural resources and long heritage of maritime industry – principally oil and gas and fisheries. Scotland’s potential is well known and in recent months there has been investment from significant international players, such as Doosan, Mitsubishi and Gamesa, all vying to establish their wind turbines in Scottish waters. Future employment for offshore wind projects is promising, with up to 28,000 direct jobs being created by 2020, leading to an economic input of £7 billion.

</doc>
<doc id="31181248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181248" title="Novo Selo Municipality, Bulgaria">
Novo Selo Municipality, Bulgaria

Novo Selo Municipality () is a frontier municipality ("obshtina") in Vidin Province, Northwestern Bulgaria, located along the right bank of Danube river in the Danubian Plain. It is named after its administrative centre - the village of Novo Selo. The area borders on Romania beyond the Danube to the north.
The municipality embraces a territory of 109.5 km² with a population of 2,979 inhabitants, as of the April 2011 census.
Settlements.
Novo Selo Municipality includes the following 5 places all of them villages: 
Demography.
The following table shows the change of the population during the last four decades. 
Ethnic composition.
According to the 2011 census, among those who answered the optional question on ethnic identification (in total 2970), the ethnic composition of the municipality was the following:

</doc>
<doc id="31181250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181250" title="American Kitefliers Association">
American Kitefliers Association

The American Kitefliers Association (AKA) was created in 1964 by Robert M. Ingraham of New Mexico. Its purpose is to educate the public in the art, history, technology, and practice of building and flying kites and advance the joys and values of kiting in all nations. AKA is the largest association of kiters with over 3,000 members in 25 countries.
There are conventions held annually for all club members each year at different venues around the country.
The American Kitefliers Association also regulates competitions and other showy kite events all over the country. Fliers of precision stunt kites, which can make 90-degree turns and do tricks, are judged on how well they conform to prescribed flight patterns with many twists and turns.

</doc>
<doc id="31181252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181252" title="William G. Eggington">
William G. Eggington

William Gregory "Bill" Eggington (born 1950) is Ludwig-Weber-Siebach Humanities Professor (2013-2018) in the Linguistics and English Language Department, College of Humanities at Brigham Young University. He is a native of Australia. From 2007-2013, he was chair of the Linguistics and English Language Department. During the 2013-2014 academic year, he was a visiting scholar at Kyung Hee University, Global Campus, Suweon, South Korea. 
Eggington has a BA from Brigham Young University-Hawaii in English and Teaching English as a second language with secondary teaching credentials. He has an MA in Linguistics from the University of Southern California which is also where he received his Ph.D.in Linguistics.
Prior to joining the Brigham Young University faculty in 1989, Eggington was on the faculty of the Northern Territory University in Australia.
He has been an editor of such works as "Directions in Applied Linguistics" (along with Paul Bruthiaux, Dwight Atkinson, William M. Grabe, Vaidehi Ramanathan) which was published by Multilingual Matters in 2005, "The Sociopoliticis of English Language Teaching" published in 2000 by the same publisher, "Language Policy: Dominant English, Pluralist Challenges" published by John Benjamins Publishing Company in 1997 and "Language: Maintenance, Power and Education in Australian Aboriginal Contexts". Much of Eggington's early work focused on aboriginal culture and linguistics in Australia.
Eggington has been willing to speak his opinion on issues like the English Only Movement which has caused people in that movement to attack him.
Eggington was a consultant on language issues at the 1996 Atlanta Olympics, the 2000 Sydney Olympics and the 2002 Salt Lake City Olympics. He served as an elected member of the board of directors of TESOL from 2003-2006. and chaired TESOL's 2005 Annual Convention at San Antonio. 
Eggington is also a forensic linguist specializing in linguistic approaches to addressing legal matters such as non-native English speakers' interactions with the legal system, authorial attribution, trade name dilution, ambiguities in contract language, and matters involving language in hate crimes.

</doc>
<doc id="31181253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181253" title="William E. Simon Prize for Philanthropic Leadership">
William E. Simon Prize for Philanthropic Leadership

The William E. Simon Prize for Philanthropic Leadership is an annual award given by the William E. Simon Foundation in honor of its founder, former Secretary of the Treasury and financier William E. Simon, and administered by the Philanthropy Roundtable.
The award was created in 2000, first awarded in 2001, and is given to "highlight the power of philanthropy to promote positive change and to inspire others to support charities that achieve genuine results." The prize is given to living donors who have "shown exemplary leadership through their own charitable giving, either directly or through foundations they have created." Donors who receive the prize are expected to exemplify Simon's ideals, which include "personal responsibility, resourcefulness, volunteerism, scholarship, individual freedom, faith in God, and helping people to help themselves."
The Simon Prize carries a $250,000 purse, which is awarded to the charity or charities of the recipient's choice.
The Simon Prize is presented at the Philanthropy Roundtable's Annual Meeting.

</doc>
<doc id="31181257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181257" title="General John Regan (1921 film)">
General John Regan (1921 film)

General John Regan is a 1921 British comedy film directed by Harold M. Shaw and starring Milton Rosmer, Madge Stuart and Ward McAllister. It is based on the play "General John Regan" by George A. Birmingham.

</doc>
<doc id="31181265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181265" title="General John Regan">
General John Regan

General John Regan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31181266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181266" title="Jack Barnett (baseball)">
Jack Barnett (baseball)

John Jeirus Barnett (1879–1923), was a professional baseball player who played outfielder in the major leagues for the 1907 St. Louis Cardinals.

</doc>
<doc id="31181272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181272" title="The Bells (play)">
The Bells (play)

The Bells is a play in three acts by Leopold Davis Lewis which was one of the greatest successes of the British actor Henry Irving. The play opened on 25 November 1871 at the Lyceum Theatre in London and initially ran for 151 performances. Irving was to stage the play repeatedly throughout his career, playing the role of Mathias for the last time the night before his death in 1905.
Background.
"The Bells" is a translation by Leopold Lewis of the 1867 play "Le Juif Polonais" ("The Polish Jew") by Erckmann-Chatrian. The Erckmann-Chatrian play was also adapted into an opera of the same name in three acts by Camille Erlanger, composed to a libretto by Henri Cain. 
In 1871, Irving began his association with the Lyceum Theatre with an engagement under the management of Hezekiah Bateman. The fortunes of the house were at a low ebb when the tide was turned by Irving's sudden success as Mathias in "The Bells," a property which Irving had found for himself. Bateman had been looking for a leading man when he saw Irving in a play, and the two discussed terms and possible roles for Irving, including a new version of "The Polish Jew", a play about a man haunted by a murder he has committed. The Lyceum Theatre season opened in September 1871, and the first two plays were box office failures. By late October Bateman was facing financial ruin. Again Irving urged him to stage "The Polish Jew", convinced that the play would be a dramatic and financial success. An unsuccessful version of the play was running at the Royal Alfred Theatre in Marylebone to meagre audiences, which failed to convince Bateman that another version could be a success; but Irving persuaded him and gave him a copy of "The Bells", by Leopold Lewis.
The opening night of "The Bells" on 25 November 1871 was held before a small audience, and during the performance a woman fainted in the stalls. The audience sat in stunned silence at the end of the play. However, they then gave the play, and Irving's performance, a great ovation. 
George R Sims later wrote for "The Evening News":
"... There were plenty of stalls vacant at the Lyceum, and the author and I sat in two of them... The first part of "The Bells" was not very enthusiastically received, but the audience was undoubtedly held by the big scene. In the stalls there was a general agreement that Henry Irving had fulfilled the promise of dramatic intensity which he had shown in his recitation of "The Dream of Eugene Aram".
The critics declared Irving a new star, and he was immediately established at the forefront of British drama. The play ran for 150 nights, which was an unusually long run at the time. It would prove a popular vehicle for Irving for the rest of his professional life.
Edward Gordon Craig, who saw Irving perform the play 30 times, described Irving's performance as "the finest point the craft of acting could reach". Craig added, 
"The thing Irving set out to do was to show us the sorrow which slowly and remorselessly beat him down. The sorrow, which he suffers, must appeal to our hearts. Irving set out to wring our hearts, not to give a clever exhibition of antics such as a murderer would be likely to go through. Here is a strong human being who, through a moment of weakness, falls into error and for two hours becomes a criminal - does what he knows he is doing - acts deliberately but acts automatically, as though impelled by an immense force, against which no resistance is possible."
The overture and incidental music for "The Bells" was originally composed by Etienne Singla, Chef d'orchestre of the Théâtre Cluny in Paris for the opera "Le Juif Polonais" in 1869. H L Bateman brought Singla to the Lyceum to arrange his score for "The Bells", and, according to the programme, Singla conducted on the opening night. In future productions Irving deleted many of the musical themes in order to heighten the drama in various scenes.
As they drove home from the opening night of "The Bells", Irving's wife, Florence, criticised his profession: "Are you going on making a fool of yourself like this all your life?" (She was then pregnant with their second son, Laurence). Irving got out from their carriage at Hyde Park Corner, walked off into the night and chose never to see her again.
Synopsis.
Period - 24 & 26 December 1833.
Set in Alsace, the border country between France and Germany, Irving played the burgomaster and family man Mathias, who, fifteen years before, on the night of 24 December 1818, to pay off his mortgage debt, had robbed a wealthy Polish Jewish seed merchant named Koveski who had come to Mathias' inn, killing him with an axe and throwing his body into a lime kiln. Over time Mathias goes insane with guilt, and begins to hallucinate the ghost of the Polish Jew. Only the murderer and the audience, but nobody on stage, could hear the bells on the Jew's sledge jingling or see his ghostly face. 
Finally, Mathias dreams that he is on trial for the murder and, confessing his guilt, is condemned to death by hanging. Waking, he tries to pull the imaginary noose from around his neck, and dies of a heart attack.
Productions.
Henry Irving produced the play regularly throughout his career. Other actors who have played the Burgomaster Mathias in subsequent productions include Irving's son H. B. Irving, Henry Baynton, Bransby Williams and John Martin-Harvey.
The play was adapted into an Australian film in 1911.

</doc>
<doc id="31181286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181286" title="HMS Constance (1880)">
HMS Constance (1880)

HMS "Constance" was a "Comus"-class steel corvette of the Royal Navy. She was launched from Chatham Dockyard on 9 June 1880.
Design and construction.
"Constance" was one of nine ship class of steel corvettes built in the late 1870s and early 1880s to an 1876 design by Nathaniel Barnaby. They were later designated as 'third class cruisers'. Six ships of the class were built at the commercial yards of J. Elder & Co., at Glasgow, while the remaining three were built by the Royal Dockyards, with "Constance" being laid down at Chatham Dockyard on 14 September 1878. The three built by these dockyards differed from their sisters in having been barque-rigged, rather than a full ship rig, and had 4-cylinder engines rather than 3-cylinder. "Constance"s engines were supplied by John Penn & Son. "Constance" further differed from her sisters in having feathering rather than hoisting screws, a feature she shared only with . These two ships were also the only two not to be rearmed with 6in breech-loading guns of Mk. III or IV. The "Comus"-class ships had steel hulls clad with two layers of teak, while their bottoms were sheathed with copper. They marked a dramatic step forward in basic habitability, with improved below-decks ventilation, a sick bay, bathroom for ratings and even a ship’s library.
"Constance" was laid down at Chatham Dockyard on 14 September 1878. She was built on No. 4 Slip, alongside , which was built on No. 5 Slip. Originally scheduled for launch on 26 May 1880, she was launched on 9 June 1880. The christening of the ship was performed by Miss Macdonald, daughter of Vice-Admiral Sir Reginald Macdonald, KCSI, Commander-in-Chief at the Nore. The launch did not go smoothly, as the ship hung due to a malfunction in the launch system. The ship was eventually launched to loud cheering from the thousands of spectators. On 17 May 1881, "Constance" was being undocked in a gale when a rope snapped, setting her adrift. She collided with another vessel and the dockyard wall before a tug could take her in tow. Damage was slight. Work on her had been completed by 3 October 1882.
Career.
"Constance" undertook her first sea trials on 8 July 1880. These lasted for six hours, with the ship being under the command of Captain Hunt-Grubbe CB, ADC. A speed of was achieved. In 1882, "Constance" was fitted with a pair of torpedo carriages of a new design which used compressed air to launch the torpedoes. She was the first ship of the Royal Navy to be fitted with this design of torpedo launcher. Appointments to "Constance" in September 1882 included midshipman Charles Vaughan-Lee, and Captain Frederic Proby Doughty. Proby Doughty had previously been in command of .
"Constance" was commissioned on 3 October 1882. She relieved , which was stationed in the Pacific. Her complement of 264 officers and men included a number of Royal Marines and Royal Marine Artillery. As "Constance" was scheduled to depart from Chatham for the Pacific on 16 October, a large number of her crew were granted shore leave on 15 October. Whilst ashore, a fight developed between the crews of "Constance" and (also scheduled to depart for overseas service) on one side, and on the other. Nearly 100 sailors were involved, with a number of them being arrested by local and military police, assisted by reinforcements sent from the Dockyard. The prisoners were taken to their respective ships. By 20 October, "Constance" and "Linnet" were at Sheerness, with departure scheduled for 25 October. By November, "Constance" was at Spithead awaiting further speed trials. The speed trials were undertaken on 21 November under the command of Captain Colomb. A speed of was achieved, which was in excess of that specified by the Admiralty when the contract for building "Constance" was granted. "Constance" departed under the command of Captain Proby Doughty on 19 December, bound for the Pacific in order to relieve "Thetis".
By September 1883, "Constance" was on station at Guayaquil, Ecuador, where she was to relieve in patrolling the coasts of Chile and Peru. "Constance" arrived at Honolulu, Hawaii on 13 April 1884, and then departed for Victoria, British Columbia. From there she sailed to San Francisco, California. She departed San Francisco on 1 August 1885 bound for Coquimbo, Chile via Honolulu, Raratonga, the Hervey Islands and Tahiti. She arrived at Honolulu on 29 August. In August 1885, it was reported that "Constance" was to be relieved by , and was to return to the Medway for decommissioning. "Constance" arrived at San Francisco on 20 September 1885, departing on 25 September for Panama. On 27 October 1885, Captain Seymour Dacres was appointed to command "Constance". From Panama, "Constance" sailed to Hong Kong via Honolulu. On arrival at Hong Kong, "Constance" relieved , which was to be paid off. Whilst at Hong Kong, "Constance" underwent a refit.
In 1886, "Constance" was serving in Japan. She departed Yokohama on 13 November bound for Kobe, Nagasaki and Port Hamilton, Korea. On 4 June 1887, Captain Lester Keppel was appointed in command of "Constance". During Keppel's command, the ship's mascot was a goat."Constance" was refitted at Hong Kong in December 1887. In October 1888, "Constance" was at Goskevitch Bay, Manchuria. The next month, it was reported that was being sent to relieve "Constance".
In March 1891, "Constance" was reported as being out of commission. She was not amongst the list of ships which could be made ready for sea within a week. In December, it was reported that as there was no intention to return "Constance" to service at the time, new guns allocated to her would instead be installed on . "Constance" was sold for scrap on 15 December 1899.

</doc>
<doc id="31181311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181311" title="Awake in a Dream">
Awake in a Dream

Awake in a Dream may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31181318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181318" title="Leslie McDonald">
Leslie McDonald

Leslie Vernard McDonald, Jr. (born February 4, 1991) is an American basketball player who recently completed his college career for the University of North Carolina Tar Heels. He grew up in Memphis, Tennessee, and attended Briarcrest Christian School.
Early life.
McDonald was born in Memphis, Tennessee on February 4, 1991 to Leslie, Sr. and Wanda McDonald.
He received multiple Tennessee player of the year honors during his junior and senior seasons at Briarcrest Christian School. He averaged 20.7 points, 6.5 rebounds and 2.3 assists per game as a senior. He is also the all-time leading scorer in Memphis private school history, with 2,353 points.
College career.
McDonald committed to the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill on June 9, 2008, after also receiving scholarship offers from Duke, Georgetown, Georgia Tech, Louisville, Memphis, Ohio State, Tennessee, Wake Forest.

</doc>
<doc id="31181324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181324" title="Johann Sadie">
Johann Sadie

Johann Sadie (born 23 January 1989 in Malmesbury, South Africa) is a professional South African rugby union player. He usually plays as a centre.
Rugby career.
Stormers / Western Province.
Sadie started off his career playing for in 2010, however stiff competition from Springboks' Jean de Villiers, Jaque Fourie and Juan de Jongh in his chosen position meant that he moved.
Bulls / Blue Bulls.
He joined the for the 2012 Super Rugby season. His time in Pretoria was not a happy one and he only managed 10 Super Rugby appearances and 3 games in the Currie Cup.
Cheetahs / Free State Cheetahs.
He joined the after the 2012 Currie Cup Premier Division and made an instant impact in Bloemfontein scoring 5 tries during the 2013 Super Rugby season.
International.
Sadie represented South Africa U20 at the 2009 IRB Junior World Championship in Japan scoring 1 try in 4 matches.

</doc>
<doc id="31181334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181334" title="General John Regan (1933 film)">
General John Regan (1933 film)

General John Regan is a 1933 British comedy film directed by Henry Edwards and starring Edwards, Chrissie White and Ben Welden. It is an adaptation of the 1913 play "General John Regan" by George A. Birmingham.

</doc>
<doc id="31181353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181353" title="Indian Mountain Air Force Station">
Indian Mountain Air Force Station

Indian Mountain Air Force Station (AAC ID: F-16, LRR ID: A-03) is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station. It is located east-southeast of Hughes, Alaska. 
The radar surveillance station was closed on 1 November 1983, and was re-designated as a Long Range Radar (LRR) site as part of the Alaska Radar System. Today, it remains active as part of the Alaska NORAD Region under the jurisdiction of the 611th Air and Space Operations Center, Elmendorf AFB, Alaska.
History.
Indian Mountain AFS was a continental defence radar station constructed to provide the United States Air Force early warning of an attack by the Soviet Union on Alaska. It was one of the 10 original AC&W surveillance stations constructed as part of the establishment of a permanent air defense system in Alaska during the early 1950s. 
Construction of the station, began in September 1950 and was completed in November 1953. The Army Transportation Corps undertook the project. The location of the station made construction a challenge. Military engineer construction personnel were used to build a 9.1 mile road to the top of the mountain where the radars were located (upper camp) and a base station and airstrip (lower camp). The lower camp , located at the confluence of the Indian River and Utopia Creek, included a runway opened in May 1952 with a 12-percent slope, the steepest remote site runway. The upper camp, at the summit of Indian Mountain (elevation 4,234 feet), could be reached by the road.
The station consisted of a power/heating plant, water and fuel storage tanks, gymnasium and other support office buildings. Two other buildings contained living quarters, work areas, and recreational facilities plus opportunities for such sports as skiing, skating, horseshoes, and basketball. The station buildings were, except for the civil engineering building connected by heated hallways. As a result, personnel stationed there, with only very few exceptions, were able to wear "summer" uniforms year round, unless they had a need to go outside during the winter season. The coverings of the station's three radar towers were heated from within to keep the covering from becoming brittle from extreme cold, and thus subject to being damaged or destroyed by high winds. Tours at the station were limited to one year because of the psychological strain and physical hardships.
The airstrip was adjacent to the station, a 4,100' gravel/dirt airstrip capable for medium transport (C-119, C-130) aircraft to fly in supplies, equipment, mail and personnel. Mail was usually delivered twice a week. The inaccessibility made the personnel at the site responsible for maintenance if anything went wrong. Water mains occasionally froze and ruptured.
The 708th Aircraft Control and Warning Squadron (AC&W Sq), activated in November 1953, provided information 24/7 to the air defense Direction Center at Murphy Dome AFS near Fairbanks, where it was analyzed to determine range, direction altitude speed and whether or not aircraft were friendly or hostile. Radars operated at the station were an AN/FPS-3, AN/FPS-20, AN/FPS-6, and an AN/PS-6B.
Communications were initially provided by a high frequency radio system which proved unreliable because of atmospheric disturbances. The Alaskan Air Command, after investigating various options, decided to build the White Alice Communications System, a system of Air Force-owned tropospheric scatter and microwave radio relay sites operated by the Air Force Communications Service (AFCS). The Indian Mountain site was located near the top camp radars and was activated in 1957. It was inactivated in 1979, and replaced by an Alascom owned and operated satellite earth terminal as part of an Air Force plan to divest itself of the obsolete White Alice Communications System and transfer the responsibility to a commercial firm.
Over the years, the equipment at the station was upgraded or modified to improve the efficiency and accuracy of the information gathered by the radars. In 1983, Indian Mountain AFS received a new AN/FPS-117 minimally attended radar under Alaskan Air Command's Seek Igloo program. It was designed to transmit aircraft tracking data via satellite to the Alaskan NORAD Regional Operations Control Center (ROCC) at Elmendorf AFB. 
No longer needed, the 708th AC&W Sq was inactivated on l November 1983 and the station re-designated as a Long Range Radar (LRR) Site. In 1990, jurisdiction of the Indian Mountain LRR Site was transferred to Pacific Air Forces' (PACAF)Eleventh Air Force with the redesignation of AAC. 
In 1998 PACAF initiated "Operation Clean Sweep", in which abandoned Cold War stations in Alaska were remediated and the land restored to its previous state. After years of neglect the facilities at the station had lost any value they had when the site was closed. The site remediation of the radar, support and White Alice communication station was carried out by the 611th Civil Engineering Squadron at Elmendorf AFB, and remediation work was completed by 2005.
Current status.
Today very little of the former Indian Mountain Air Force Station remains. The site is controlled by PACAF's 611th Air and Space Operations Center, based at Elmendorf AFB. The site is generally unattended; a few civilian contractors that access the site by former support airstrip, now the Indian Mountain LRRS Airport and provide maintenance and support when needed to maintain the radar system.

</doc>
<doc id="31181357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181357" title="1993–94 Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball team">
1993–94 Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball team

The 1993–94 Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball team represented the University of Illinois.
Regular season.
The 1993-94 season saw Illinois again advance to the NCAA Tournament and in the process, senior Deon Thomas broke a 13-year old record and became the school’s all-time leading scorer. Thomas scored his record-breaking 1,693rd point in the championship game of the Illini/Pepsi Classic
against American University and he went on to finish his career with 2,129 points. Also during this season, a young upstart freshman, Kiwane Garris, would begin his assault on the all-time scoring list. He notched 446 points as a freshman and would be the catalyst on the Illini team over the next few years.
Schedule.
Source 
 
!colspan=9| Regular Season
 
!colspan=9| NCAA Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="31181358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181358" title="Awake in a Dream (album)">
Awake in a Dream (album)

Awake in a Dream is the 1991 debut album of American hard rock band Eleven, released in 1991 on Morgan Creek Records. Singles from the album include "Break the Spell" (which was featured in the film "Freejack") and "Rainbow's End", which had a music video released. A promotional EP titled "Vowel Movement" was also released, featuring alternate mixes of four songs on the album. The album is named for a line in the song "Learning to Be".
"You Are Mine" was heard in the 1991 sequel film "Rock 'n' Roll High School Forever".

</doc>
<doc id="31181368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181368" title="Abbey College Manchester">
Abbey College Manchester

Abbey College Manchester is part of the Abbey DLD Colleges Group. This group of independent sixth form colleges based in the United Kingdom has locations in London, Manchester, Birmingham and Cambridge. Abbey College Manchester offers A Level and GCSE programmes.

</doc>
<doc id="31181378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181378" title="Web Page Maker">
Web Page Maker

Web Page Maker is an HTML editor with a graphics interface, which allows creating web pages without knowing HTML syntax. Different objects (text, images, links, buttons/etc) can be placed on the work area with a few mouse clicks and can be easily moved, deleted or have their sizes changed. The program includes templates as well.
Web Page Maker is closed source software and is being sold by Web Page Maker Software Inc.
It is an easy to use web design tool, which allows you to create professional Internet pages in minutes, without having any idea of HTML. The user interface allows for drag & drop of different objects and their free positioning over the work area. The program comes with several included page samples, which can be changed to the user's tastes.

</doc>
<doc id="31181391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181391" title="List of U.S. states by the number of billionaires">
List of U.S. states by the number of billionaires

This is a list of U.S. states by the number of billionaires in 2014. The list of billionaires is compiled annually by the Forbes Magazine.
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="31181403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181403" title="Denison Clift">
Denison Clift

Denison Clift (1885–1961) was an American screenwriter and film director.
Biography.
Clift was educated at Stanford University. After he started writing, Cecil B. DeMille entrusted him with the writing of Lasky scenarios, it was his introduction to the film industry. He directed a number of British films during the silent era. 

</doc>
<doc id="31181407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181407" title="Massachusetts Corporation for Educational Telecommunications">
Massachusetts Corporation for Educational Telecommunications

The Massachusetts Corporation for Educational Telecommunications (MCET) is a quasi-public agency created by an act of the Massachusetts legislature in 1982 to "establish and operate a statewide communications network to meet the educational and informational needs of business, industry, government, and the inhabitants of the commonwealth." As of 1996, MCET had an annual budget of ~$9 million and its distance-learning content reached 1.3 million participants across 47 states and in every school district in Massachusetts. Its offices were located at One Kendall Square building 1500 (at the corner of Cardinal Medeiros Ave and Binney St in front of Kendall Square Cinema) in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
The corporation oversaw Massachusetts Educational Television (MET), a program that had been launched in the 1970s and which was originally managed by the Massachusetts Executive Committee for Educational Television. MET produced and broadcast original educational programming, as well as purchasing rights to educational programming from third parties for broadcast in Massachusetts. MET programming was broadcast via PBS affiliates WGBH-TV channel 2 in Boston and WGBY-TV channel 57 in Springfield. Some programming was also directly broadcast via satellite to schools around the commonwealth. Program guides for MET are held on microfilm by the State Library of Massachusetts 
MCET created "Mass LearnPike", a satellite-based network funded in part by a Star Schools grant to "explore the use of distance-learning in K-12 schools." The LearnPike used semi-interactive video, consisting of a 1-way video broadcast and a 2-way audio channel to deliver educational content. Mass LearnPike program listings were made available on the MCET web site beginning in 1997.
In 1993, MCET was tasked by the Massachusetts Education Reform Act of 1993 with leading the implementation of Mass Ed OnLine, to provide a statewide client-server network with full access to the internet. Through this program, MCET acted as a low-cost Internet Service Provider to school districts as well as providing home access to K-12 teachers in Massachusetts.
The web site URL for MCET was http://www.mcet.edu/ and existed as early as 1996, according to the copyright notice on the page archived in July 1997. Beginning in autumn 2000, a rebranding from MCET to "Mass Interaction" occurred, and the mcet.edu site was redirected to massinteraction.org beginning sometime between October 18 and November 10, 2000. 
MCET ceased operations due to cash-flow problems in October 2001 after its funding in the proposed Massachusetts FY02 budget was severely reduced (from $3.7m to $700k), but before the final budget was approved (October 2001 was 4 months into FY02). At the time of its closure.

</doc>
<doc id="31181408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181408" title="Danie Poolman">
Danie Poolman

Danie Poolman (born ) is a professional rugby union player from South Africa. Poolman currently plays for Irish provincial side Connacht Rugby in the Pro 12. He primarily plays on the wing. Born in Pretoria, he formerly played for Western Province in South Africa's Currie Cup, and Super Rugby side the Stormers.
Career.
Youth and Varsity rugby.
Poolman played schoolboy rugby for Paul Roos Gymnasium and was included in the Under-18 side at the 2007 Craven Week tournament. Western Province progressed to the unofficial final match against the , but lost the match 52–3. He played for the side in 2008 and for their Under-21 sides in 2009 and 2010. He finished as the top try scorer in the 2010 Under-21 Provincial Championship competition, scoring 17 tries in just 14 appearances.
He also played Varsity Cup rugby for in the 2010 Varsity Cup competition. He started in all nine of Maties' matches in the competition and scored six tries, including a try early in the second half of the final, helping Maties beat local rivals 17–14 to clinch the Varsity Cup for a third consecutive season.
Western Province and Stormers.
Poolman was then included in the side for the 2010 Vodacom Cup competition. He made his first class debut for them by coming on as a substitute in their match against on 10 April 2010. His first start came in the Quarter Final match against the .
Despite not playing any Currie Cup rugby for , Poolman was included in the squad prior to the 2011 Super Rugby season and made his Super Rugby debut by starting the Stormers' opening match of the season against the at Newlands Stadium in Cape Town. He made eight appearances in that competition, scoring his first senior try in the return leg against the in Johannesburg in a 33–19 win.
He eventually made his Currie Cup debut during the 2011 Currie Cup season in Western Province's match against and made 13 appearances in the competition, scoring 4 tries. He made just two appearances for the Stormers in the 2012 Super Rugby season, with Gio Aplon and Gerhard van den Heever being preferred to him in the starting line-up. Instead, he dropped down to the Western Province side for the 2012 Vodacom Cup competition, scoring two tries in eight starts.
Connacht.
In June 2012, it was announced that he had been released from his Western Province contract to join Irish team Connacht ahead of the 2012-13 season, signing on a three-year deal.
Poolman made his debut for Connacht in the 2012–13 Pro 12 as a replacement against the Ospreys on 27 October 2012. He made his first start in the team's next Pro 12 game, against Benetton Treviso on November, and also scored his first try for the side. Poolman made his European debut for Connacht on 7 December 2012 against Biarritz in the 2012–13 Heineken Cup. He played in three of the team's Heineken Cup matches in his debut season, and made 16 Pro 12 appearances, scoring 5 tries.

</doc>
<doc id="31181412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181412" title="Sicilian Open">
Sicilian Open

The Sicilian Open was a European Tour men's professional golf tournament. It was played for the first time in 2011. The event was held in the Sicily region of Italy at the Donnafugata Golf Resort & Spa. In 2012 the event was held at Verdura Golf & Spa Resort on a links-style course running up to the coastline. 

</doc>
<doc id="31181423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181423" title="HMS Constance (1846)">
HMS Constance (1846)

HMS "Constance" was a 50-gun fourth-rate frigate of the Royal Navy launched in 1846. She had a tonnage of 2,132 and was designed with a V-shaped hull by Sir William Symonds. She was also one of the last class of frigates designed by him. On her shakedown voyage from England to Valparaiso she rounded Cape Horn in good trim, her captain for this voyage being Sir Baldwin Wake Walker, who commented "I think her a good sea boat, and a fine man of war". On the voyage she encountered a Hurricane at 62o south. Walker wrote that "nothing could have exceeded the way she went over it, not even straining a rope yarn". In August 1848 her captain George William Courtenay, for whom the town of Courtenay was named, led 250 sailors and marines from Fort Victoria to try to intimidate the Indians. Her crew and officers were quarantined aboard whilst berthed at Port Royal on 26 October 1867 during an outbreak of Yellow Fever In 1848 she became the first Royal Naval vessel to use Esquimalt as her base.
In 1862 she was converted to screw propulsion using a compound steam engine designed by Randolph & Elder. She was the first Royal Naval ship to be fitted with this class of engine, and won a race against two frigates from Plymouth to Madeira in 1865.

</doc>
<doc id="31181436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181436" title="Adolph John Paschang">
Adolph John Paschang

Bishop Adolph John Paschang (, April 16, 1895 – February 3, 1968) was an American Maryknoll Catholic priest, missionary, relief worker and educator working in southern part of China in the early 20th century.
Early life.
Fr Adolph J. Paschang was born in Martinsburg, Audrain County, Missouri. He grew up on a farm there, studied at Campion College of the Sacred Heart (1916) (now Campion High School) then at Kenrick Seminary in St. Louis. He joined the newly founded Catholic Foreign Mission Society of America, commonly known as the Maryknoll Fathers and Brothers, and was ordained a priest on 21 May 1921. After being ordained a priest, Paschang was immediately sent off to Kongmoon (now known as Jiangmen) China.
Ministries.
Fr Adolph J. Paschang preached and worked in southern China, covering Gaozhou, previously known as Kochow (Fr Paschang once worked in the Sacred Heart School in Gaozhou, Maoming, the second school ever founded by the Maryknollers in China, by Fr Bernard F. Meyer with inauguration held on 5 October 1923. and first graduation on 1926 August 30 ), Yangjiang (previously known as Yeungkong), Jiaying (previously known as Kaying) Taishan (previously known as Toishan) and Jiangmen. He was appointed Vicar Apostolic of Kongmoon on 17 June 1937 (consecrated Bishop on 30 November 1937), and later appointed Bishop of the Catholic Diocese of Jiangmen (previously known as Kongmoon) on 11 April 1946, lived through the Japanese Invasion and Occupation of China in the Second World War.
Second World War.
Japan invaded China in phases in the 1930s, gradually taking southern China towards the end of he decade. Until the attack on Pearl Harbor of 1941, Paschang and his diocese was not too heavily disturbed by the Japanese forces due to his American citizenship.
In February 1941, Fr Paschang received a pass from the Japanese occupation forces to visit Hong Kong but his purpose for coming here was only to leapfrog to the unoccupied areas of his Diocese of Jiangmen to visit the priests and Sisters. While Paschang was in Hong Kong, Fr Joe Sweeney from the Gate of Heaven Leprosarium in Ngaimen arrived, describing the exciting trip he had just made: the motor launch carrying Fr Big Joe and other passengers was attacked by a Japanese patrol boat as evening was coming on, but escaped capture when darkness descended and the Japanese patrol boat lost them. Bishop Paschang would have to take the same route and the same risks on his return visitations. While Bishop Paschang was in Hong Kong, he performed the ordinations at the Dominican Rosary Hill chapel, in the absence of Bishop Enrico Valtorta.
In May 1946, Bishop Paschang arrived at Stanley for a conference with more than a dozen Ordinaries of South China, including the four Ordinaries of Maryknoll. He arrived with a van dyke beard – only his Episcopal rank saved him from the customary Stanley practice of removing beards by forces.
Early years of Communist Rule.
After the liberation of Mainland China he chose to stay behind. He was captured by the Chinese Communist authorities. 
Release by the Communist into Hong Kong.
Fr. William Downs in his Maryknoll Hong Kong Chronicle recorded on 9 June 1952, “Bishop Paschang, after very badly treated”, “was finally expelled from China”. Bishop Paschang was marched “from his mission at Pakkai” (now called Beijie, where the Immaculate Heart of Mary Cathedral, i.e. cathedral of the Diocese of Jiangmen, was located), “placed him on a junk and sailed off – he did not know his destination and the thought of Father Sandy Cairns’ unhappy ending at the hands of the Japanese must have crossed his mind". 
Later life.
After being expelled by the Communist Chinese government, Bishop Paschang stayed in the Maryknoll Stanley House, headquarters of the Maryknoll Fathers and Brothers in Hong Kong, visited the States briefly but again returned to Hong Kong for his love of the Chinese people.
Memorial.
In memory of Paschang, when a new primary school was founded by the Maryknollers in Ngau Tau Kok, Kowloon in 1969, it was named Bishop Paschang Memorial School, which is now known as Bishop Paschang Catholic School.
In the late 1990s, the Hong Kong SAR Government planned to re-develop the Lower Ngau Tau Kok Estate, where Bishop Paschang Memorial School was situated. In 1997, the headmaster at that time, Leung Kwok Hung, applied for a new school premises from the government and was given a new school building in a "school village" in Kowloon Bay. AM section of Bishop Paschang Memorial School moved to the new campus in Kowloon Bay in 2002. The new school was named Bishop Paschang Catholic School.
The school building of Bishop Paschang Memorial School was finally handed back to the government of Hong Kong in 2008, in line with the plan of demolishing the then remaining portion of the Lower Ngau Tau Kok Estate. The remaining classes of the PM section of Bishop Paschang Memorial School were relocated to Bishop Paschang Catholic School in Kowloon Bay as well.

</doc>
<doc id="31181466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181466" title="GP Bullhound">
GP Bullhound

GP Bullhound is an international technology investment banking group with offices in London, San Francisco, Stockholm, Berlin and Manchester, which has served companies and their founders and investors since 1999. The firm provides advice on mergers & acquisitions and private/public placement as well as research and asset management to a diverse range of corporate clients, institutional investors and high net worth individuals. 
GP Bullhound specialises in digital content, eCommerce, software and hardware.
The firm has completed transactions for many category leaders such as 192.com, Apertio, AudioAsics, Avito.ru, Bluewater Bio, Cambridge Technology Partners, CLX Networks, Concentrix, Cramer Systems, Essence, Funcom, Fjord, Handbag.com, Heliatek, King.com, Lastminute.de, MyOptique, Nanoradio, Neonode, Newbay, Player X, Pozitron, Steelseries, The Cloud, Tradedoubler, Tunigo/Spotify and Xjet Solar. 
GP Bullhound has an international team of 35 experienced corporate financiers focused on the technology sector, and as a firm they have closed over 150 successful transactions since 1999. In 2013, GP Bullhound was awarded Boutique Investment Bank of the Year and Leading Advisers of the Year by the Acquisition International M&A Awards, and Manish Madhvani, a Founding Partner of GP Bullhound was named as Dealmaker of the Year at the M&A Advisor 40 Under 40 Award. 
History.
GP Bullhound was founded in 1999 and is headquartered at 52 Jermyn Street in London, with additional offices in San Francisco (USA), Stockholm (Sweden), Berlin (Germany) and Manchester. The firm has a strong foothold in Europe and offers clients a global reach to investors and the financial markets. GP Bullhound is a research centric investment bank and publishes monthly sector reports in the areas of Digital Content, eCommerce, software and hardware and has completed over 150 successful M&A and Private Placement transactions since it was established.
In 2013 the firm was awarded two awards at Acquisition International's M&A Awards 2013; UK Boutique Investment Bank of the Year and Leading Advisers of the Year. Co-founding partner Manish Madhvani was named Dealmaker of the Year at the M&A Advisor 40 Under 40 Award. In 2010 the firm was awarded four separate awards; Corporate Finance Boutique of the Year, M&A Boutique Investment Bank of the Year, Deal of the Year and Green Deal of the Year, for the being the sole M&A advisor on the sale of Concentrix Solar.
Recent M&A transactions include; Realise (sold to St Ives plc), Pozitron (sold to Monitise), Klarna, Tirendo (sold to Delticom), Cupid (sold to Grendall Investment ltd), Fjord (sold to Accenture) and Tunigo (sold to Spotify). Recent private placements include CiteeCar, Somo, MyOptique Group, PlayOn! Sports, Bambuser, Planetveo and Mathem.
Expert commentary and Events.
The firm is an established thought leader and is regularly asked to provide commentaries on CNN International, CNBC Europe and BBC World as well as print media, keynoting and moderating industry conferences. GP Bullhound takes an active role in the technology entrepreneurial ecosystem by participating in industry conferences and has also founded and continues to manage important industry events such as Investor Allstars, GP Bullhound Summit featuring the Media Momentum Awards and Northern Tech Awards. GP Bullound is also one of the backers of SUP46.
Investor Allstars was founded in 2002, and is with 600+ attendees an established event for the European venture capital community, The awards recognise Europe’s leading investors and risk takers and have been labelled the “Oscars” for the European venture capital community. The 11th annual Investor Allstars in 2013, presented by GP Bullhound and Vitesse Media, celebrated a year of great investments, fantastic exits and entrepreneurship. Shirin Dehgan of Arieso won Female Entrepreneur of the Year and Alexander Ljung of SoundCloud was crowned Male Entrepreneur of the Year; Pär-Jörgen Pärson of Northzone was voted Investor of the Year, and DFJ Esprit won VC Fund of the Year. The year of 2013 also saw the introduction of the Europe's Allstar Challenge, with Believe Digital, Fly Victor, Klarna, MedicAnimal, Rovio, Secret Escapes and Zoopla fighting it out to win the accolade of Europe’s Most Exciting Investor Backed Company of the Year. After an interactive voting session, the prize went to Zoopla.
With the general scepticism and reluctance to invest in tech start-ups following the Dot.com meltdown in 2000-2002, the firm wanted to showcase and celebrate the exciting developments happening in this sector and in 2004, the firm launched Media Momentum. The event has developed into the GP Bullhound Summit, a prominent invitation-only event hosting 100 of the leading entrepreneurs and business leaders from across the European digital scene. The Summit and awards take place in a different tech hotspot each year. The event is free, run as not-for-profit and financed by GP Bullhound and a small group of sponsors wishing to support entrepreneurship in Europe. Sponsors for 2014 included Berenberg, London Stock Exchange, Invus, TeleCity Group, Olswang,MTGx, Scottish Equity Partners, Gimv, Barclays, Frog, Idinvest, NasdaqOMX, Harbert European Growth Capital Fund, General Atlantic and Mutual Benefits.
In 2013, GP Bullhound took over the Northern Tech Awards, recognising the fastest growing companies in the North of UK. The event is an established annual gathering for CEOs and Founders to network and the awards provide a platform for technology companies to achieve recognition for their success. Sponsors for 2013 included Brabners LLP, Business Growth Fund, EV Group, HG Capital, London Stock Exchange, Panmure Gordon & Co, Silicon Valley Bank and UBS Wealth Management. The BVCA and Manchester Grammar School also provided significant research support.
Research.
Since being founded, GP Bullhound has written extensive and independent technology sector research focused on the areas of Digital Content, eCommerce, software and hardware. The firm’s research is distributed to an exclusive group of leading institutional investors in both Europe and the US before being made available more widely.
Recent research has covered Online Payments, Real Time Bidding, Big Data Analytics, The Connected Car, Online Fashion and Turkish Internet.

</doc>
<doc id="31181481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181481" title="James F Comley">
James F Comley

James Comley is a 2011 Ellis Island Medal of Honor Recipient for his dedication to public safety in the elevator industry. 
Comley was appointed by the governor to serve on the Massachusetts Board of Elevator Regulations in the state’s Department of Public Safety for over 20 years and was elected the Chairman in 2006.
Although, he recently retired as President of Embree Elevator, Comley continues as a worldwide consultant to the elevator and escalator industry on new technology, safety devices and procedures. 
He is a veteran of the United States Navy serving on the destroyer, USS Hawkins, during the Korean War.

</doc>
<doc id="31181488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181488" title="Music for RAIN">
Music for RAIN

"Kenya" - Music for RAIN is a fundraising track written and performed by Chris Taylor, Solange Knowles and Twin Shadow. The music stars recorded the track to raise money for RAIN - the Replenish Africa Initiative. The proceeds will specifically go towards projects around RAIN initiatives proposed for 2011 by The Coca Cola Africa Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="31181494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181494" title="John Horne (disambiguation)">
John Horne (disambiguation)

John Horne is a geologist.
John Horne is also the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="31181499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181499" title="El Turbón">
El Turbón

El Turbón is a mountain massif of the Pre-Pyrenees, located in the province of Huesca, the most northerly province in the autonomous community of Aragon, Spain. This long mountain is aligned N - S.
It is fairly easy to climb El Turbón, but it is better not to do so in mid summer when this great expanse of naked rock can reach very high temperatures.
Geology.
El Turbón has a massive rocky limestone outcrop at its centre made of Cretaceous marl. There are caves and shafts in the mountain. The Isábena River flows on the eastern side, separating El Turbón massif from the Mountains of Sis range.

</doc>
<doc id="31181536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181536" title="Pine Valley, Houston">
Pine Valley, Houston

Pine Valley is a neighborhood in Houston, Texas, located at the crossing of I-45 and the 610 South Loop and ends at Long Drive. It is the 3rd Biggest Super-Neighborhood Of Southeast Houston. It is divided into two territories by a railroad located at Griggs St. and by two notourious gangs: Pine Valley Crips (PVC) and Puro Vatos Locos (PVL). The southernmost part being controlled by the Crips and the northernmost part by PVL.

</doc>
<doc id="31181540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181540" title="New People's Association">
New People's Association

The New People's Association, established in April 1906 was a clandestine organization for fostering the independence and national strength of the Korean Empire. The organization was formed by social activists such as Ahn Changho, Shin Chaeho, Park Eunsik, and Lim Chi Jung.
With their belief that the enlightenment can strengthen the national power of Korea to achieve independence, they took in actions on military movement, education, publication, and industrialization. Even after the New People's Association had been dissolved by Governor-General of Korea in 1911, they made a huge contribution to the Korean Independence Movement.
Background.
After the Independence Club (독립협회, 獨立協會) was dissolved on December 25, 1898 as Emperor Gojong officially announced a prohibition on congresses held by people, the Empire of Japan made a treaty with the Korean Empire called the Eulsa Treaty which made the Korean Empire become a protectorate of the Empire of Japan. The treaty laid the foundation for the Japan-Korea Annexation Treaty of 1907 and subsequent annexation of Korea in 1910. Even though Emperor Sunjong, who is a son of Emperor Gojong, sent a Hague Secret Emissary Affair to expose the unfairness of the treaty in the Hague Convention of 1907, due to the Great Powers, they were ignored.
History.
From the initiation by Ahn Changho in Los Angeles, California, the people who used to be the leaders of the Independence Club decided to organize Korean New People's Association (대한신민회) from Pyeongyang and Seoul in the late 1906. After the establishment, they established branches nationwide, and started to support education, industrialization, and military actions for independence. However, in 1911, the New People's Association was dissolved. Even though they were dismissed, their ideology and main actions were inherited by the Provisional Government of the Republic of Korea later.
Ideology.
The main political ideology of the New People's Association was based on ideals of Democracy and Republicanism, which is far different from the Constitutional Monarchy in which the Independence Club had believed. Also, to strengthen national power, they asserted that citizens should be reformed to become new people (신민, 新民) first. In other words, they believed people should be 'prepared' first for the opportunity of Korean independence.
Actions.
Military School of the New Rising.
The New People's Association had supported the Righteous Army movement (militias in Korea) to restore the power of the nation. They established the Military School of the New Rising, which made a huge contribution to the foundation of the Korean Liberation Army (한국 광복군), Korean Independence Army (대한독립군), Korean Revolutionary Army (조선혁명군), and Righteous Patriots Corps (의열단) from 1911 to 1920.
Education.
As they believed that the enlightenment is one of the most crucial factors to strengthen national power, the New People's Association also made a huge investment in education in Korea. It is assumed that some hundreds of middle schools were established by the New People's Association.
Publication.
The New People's Association also published the Daehan Maeil Sinbo (Korean Daily News, 대한매일신보) At the same time, Sonyeon (Boys, 소년) was published as a monthly magazine for students, and all these publication activities provided a basis of the modern culture of Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="31181547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181547" title="Doheny Library">
Doheny Library

The Edward L. Doheny, Jr. Memorial Library is a library located in the center of campus at the University of Southern California (USC).
After the tragic shooting of his son, the Irish American oil tycoon Edward L. Doheny donated $1.1 million in 1932 to USC to build the Doheny Library. It was designed by architect Ralph Adams Cram. The gardens were designed by A.E. Hanson (1893-1986).

</doc>
<doc id="31181550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181550" title="Thurso (disambiguation)">
Thurso (disambiguation)

Thurso is a town in northern Scotland.
Thurso may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31181576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181576" title="Jahlieh">
Jahlieh

Situated in the historical heartland of Mount Lebanon, the Shouf is often referred to as the cradle of modern Lebanon.
The area of Shouf is very rich with a wide variety of greenery and vegetation and many natural beauty spots and historical sites.
Jahlieh is situated in Mount Lebanon - Shouf district, 35 kilometers southeast of Beirut with an altitude ranging between 400 to 650 meters and an area of 250 hectares. The approximate population is 5,500 and the number of houses is around 600.
The bordering villages are: Daraya, Binwayte, Deir Dourit, Baakline.
You can get to Jahlieh from Beirut via the south bound coastal highway by turning right at Damour where sign reads Deir el Qamar and Beiteddine.

</doc>
<doc id="31181580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181580" title="Joel Savoy">
Joel Savoy

Joel Savoy (born in Eunice, Louisiana, USA) is a Cajun musician and music producer from Southwest Louisiana. His father Marc Savoy, famous accordion builder and musician, and his mother, Ann Savoy, author and music producer, are well known ambassadors and supporters of preserving the Cajun culture.
History.
Joel Savoy was born in Eunice. In 1995 many of his childhood experiences with the traditional Cajun Courir de Mardi Gras were included in the book "Mardi Gras: a Cajun country celebration" written by Diane Hoyt-Goldsmith and Lawrence Migdale. He is a member of the Savoy Family Band along with of his father Marc, mother Ann, and brother Wilson Savoy. 1999 he co-founded the Red Stick Ramblers from Baton Rouge, Louisiana. In 2006 he started the annual "Faquetaigue Courir de Mardi Gras" as an alternative to the main Eunice courir event. The run has become one of the most musically based versions of the traditional event. Also in 2006 he founded Valcour Records, an independent record label based in Eunice, Louisiana, with friends Phillip LaFargue II and Lucius Fontenot. Valcour Records' first release in 2006 was "Goin' Down to Louisiana", by fiddle player Cedric Watson and accordionist Corey Ledet. During the 2007 Cajun French Music Association's "Le Cajun" ceremony at Lafayettes Blackham Coliseum, Savoy was awarded the “2007 Fiddler of the Year” award. In 2008 he played on, recorded and produced his mothers album "If Dreams Come True" at his Studio Savoy Faire. His brother Wilson and several members of the Red Stick Ramblers also played on the album of Django Reinhardt-style blues and jazz standards as "Ann Savoy and her Sleepless Knights".

</doc>
<doc id="31181615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181615" title="2004 Australia national football team season">
2004 Australia national football team season

The Australian national football team results in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="31181616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181616" title="Manuel A. Esteva">
Manuel A. Esteva

Manuel A. Esteva Ruiz (1878 – December 16, 1936) was the Consul General of Mexico to the United States in 1914 during the Mexican Revolution.

</doc>
<doc id="31181635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181635" title="Amadeo's theatre">
Amadeo's theatre

Amadeo's theatre was founded in Zagreb, Croatia in 1797 and lasted until 1834.
Amadeo’s theatre was named after its founder Anton Amade de Varkony, Hungarian count and notable county prefect of Zagreb. Amadeo’s theatre was situated in the former Blatna (Mud) and Kazalisna (Theatre) Street, which afterwards got the name Demetrova. The building in which it was situated is now the Croatian Natural History Museum and, from 2000, the home of the Amadeo Theatre and Music Company.
Amadeo’s theatre was a public theatre which was rented by its owner to a contractor – the principal of the theatrical group with the highest offer. Posters, tickets, announcements and advertisements were printed for plays and other events. Based on these grounds, Amadeo’s theatre was pronounced the first public theatre in Zagreb.
Language of performances.
The plays in Amadeo's theatre were performed mainly in German language, with a smaller number of pieces in Latin language. In 1832 and 1833 German players in Amadeo’s theatre performed the first public and professional plays in the Croatian Kajkavian dialect. Dragutin Rakovac (1813–1854) translated two comedies by Kotzebue on Kajkavian, and Josef Schweigert, director and actor of a German group who was performing at the theatre at the time, portrayed the following plays:
2 October 1832 "Ztari mladosenja i kosharice" (by Kotzebue)
28 January 1833 "Vkanjeni Vkanitel" (by Florijan)
23 July 1833 "Ztari zaszebni kuchish Petra III" (by Kotzebue)
All plays were acted by German actors who were not apt to perform on the Croatian Kajkavian dialect.
Repertoire.
A collective German language repertoire with standard features of the Austrian province of the time was portrayed in Amadeo's theatre: dramas, operas, ballets and a special kind of uncomplicated plays with singing sections which later developed into an operetta called Singspiel. At the beginning of the 19th century, the occurrence of writers pertaining to the Vienna circle, who marked the beginning of the Vienna folk theatre with their works, is becoming more and more frequent, and without them it would be impossible to imagine the genesis of the Croatian folk play.
In the Croatian theatrical history, Amadeo’s theatre had a primarily educational role.
References.
Batusic, N. 'History of the Croatian Theatre'. Skolska knjiga, 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="31181640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181640" title="Maria Overlander van Purmerland">
Maria Overlander van Purmerland

Maria Overlander van Purmerland (Amsterdam, 24 June 1603 - 27 January 1678) was a noble from the Dutch Golden Age. 
Maria Overlander was the daughter of Volkert Overlander and Geertruid Hooft. At the age of 27 she married Frans Banning Cocq. The couple lived at the house De Dolphijn and resided at their castle Ilpenstein. Jan Vos wrote a poem to Maria. In 1655 she became Lady of the Free and high Fief Purmerland and Ilpendam. Maria owned 87,000 Guilder. Her tomb chapel is located in the Oude Kerk.
Literature.
 

</doc>
<doc id="31181696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181696" title="Antonio Helguera">
Antonio Helguera

Antonio Helguera was born in Mexico City in 1965. He studied engraving at La Esmeralda National School of Painting, Sculpture and Engraving. In 1983, he began his career as a political cartoonist in the newspaper "El Día". He continued this work at "La Jornada" (where his cartoons still appear regularly) and "Siempre!", in addition to "El Chahuistle" and "El Chamuco", magazines of which he was also the coeditor. In 1996 and 2002 he received the Premio Nacional de Periodismo (National Journalism Award).
Political Cartoons.
His work mainly consists of cartoons about both Mexican and international politics. He is thought to use cartoons as a form of free speech, since it allows for important issues to be disseminated to the public regardless of their socioeconomic backgrounds.

</doc>
<doc id="31181697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181697" title="1994–95 Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball team">
1994–95 Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball team

The 1994–95 Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball team represented the University of Illinois.
Schedule.
Source 
 
!colspan=9| Regular Season
 
!colspan=9| NCAA Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="31181704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181704" title="Madatharuvi (film)">
Madatharuvi (film)

Madatharuvi is a 1968 Malayalam film directed by P. A. Thomas and starring Adoor Bhasi, Thikkurisi Sukumaran Nair, K. V. Shanthi, T. R. Omana and C.I. Paul. Its music is by B. A. Chidambaranath.

</doc>
<doc id="31181707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181707" title="Helen Hart (author)">
Helen Hart (author)

Helen Hart has been a published author since 1999. 
Career.
She has written a number of novels under pseudonyms for Scholastic, Virgin Books, OUP, HarperCollins and a range of overseas publishers. 
Her work has been translated into many languages including Swedish, Danish, Japanese and Greek. 
One of her Young Adult novels, written as Maya Snow, was shortlisted for the Solihull Children's Book Award 2010. 
Helen is one of the founding partners of publishing consultancy SilverWood Books (silverwoodbooks.co.uk) which helps writers get their work into print. 
She is the co-founder of the successful 'Get Published Masterclass' in Bristol and was a judge for the Bristol Short Story Prize in 2010 and 2011. 
Her most recent book is the swashbuckling pirate adventure "The Black Banner".
She is represented by London literary agency Pollinger Ltd.

</doc>
<doc id="31181720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181720" title="Varshets Municipality">
Varshets Municipality

Varshets Municipality () is a municipality ("obshtina") in Montana Province, Northwestern Bulgaria, located on the northern slopes of the western Stara planina mountain to the area of the so-called Fore-Balkan. It is named after its administrative centre - the town of Varshets.
The municipality embraces a territory of 240 km² with a population of 8,108 inhabitants, as of February 2011.
Todorini Kukli peak (1,785 m (5,856 ft)) is located in the southwestern part of the area almost on the very border with Berkovitsa Municipality.
Settlements.
Varshets Municipality includes the following 9 places (towns are shown in bold): 
Demography.
The following table shows the change of the population during the last four decades.

</doc>
<doc id="31181722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181722" title="Amdal">
Amdal

Amdal is a village in Norway. It is part of the county of Rogaland, and within the municipality of Sauda.
The village was founded by Jonathan William Amdall. 

</doc>
<doc id="31181728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181728" title="Omund Bjørnsen Birkeland">
Omund Bjørnsen Birkeland

Omund Bjørnsen Birkeland (1786 – 1862) was a Norwegian farmer and politician from Nord-Audnedal. He represented "Vesterlenske infanteriregiment" at the Norwegian Constituent Assembly in 1814, together with military officer Just Henrik Ely.

</doc>
<doc id="31181729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181729" title="Tipsoo Lake Comfort Station">
Tipsoo Lake Comfort Station

The Tipsoo Lake Comfort Station was designed by the National Park Service Branch of Plans and Designs in the National Park Service Rustic style and built in Mount Rainier National Park by the Civilian Conservation Corps in 1934. The design was supervised by Park Service Chief Architect Thomas Chalmers Vint, and is similar to the Sunrise Comfort Station in the central portion of the park. Located near the park's northern entrance, two comfort station were planned to be part of a developed area in the vicinity of Tipsoo and Chinook Pass, which was never developed beyond the toilet facilities and an entrance arch. One of these survives and remains in use. The public toilet facility features rough stonework to window sill level, with a framed wall above and a log-framed roof with cedar shingles. 
The Tipsoo Lake Comfort Station was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 13, 1991. It is part of the Mount Rainier National Historic Landmark District, which encompasses the entire park and which recognizes the park's inventory of Park Service-designed rustic architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="31181759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181759" title="Willy Berking">
Willy Berking

Willy Berking (June 22, 1910May 21, 1979) was a German orchestra conductor, trombonist and composer.
Career.
Berking studied music (piano and composition) in Düsseldorf and then in Berlin, where he formed his first big band at the age of 18 in 1928, writing jazz arrangements for the ensemble. In the 1930s he played trombone with various dance and entertainment orchestras including the Goldene Sieben and the Telefunken Swing Orchestra under Heinz Wehner, with whom he went to Berlin in 1934. Towards the end of 1943 he became director of the studio orchestra for Imperial records, known as the "Berking-top series," which were excellent, swinging sides, despite the Nazi party ban on swing music. At the same time he directed the "propaganda" big band, "Charlie and His Orchestra". 
After the end of World War II Berking was musical director for the Eurovision Song Contest 1957 held in Frankfurt am Main, West Germany. As well as conducting the German ensemble, he also conducted the Flemish, Luxembourg and Swiss orchestras. Berking conducted the German ensemble for the Eurovision Song Contest four times 1957, 1963, 1964 and 1966.
Berking died of cancer in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="31181760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181760" title="Marc De Clerck">
Marc De Clerck

Marc De Clerck (born 27 December 1949) is a Belgian former footballer, who played as a goalkeeper for Ghent, FC Twente, Go Ahead Eagles, Aberdeen and SC Heracles.
De Clerck made his professional debut in season 1970/71 for Ghent. In the summer of 1974 he signed for FC Twente, but then moved to SC Heracles in 1976. After three seasons with SC Heracles, he moved to Go Ahead Eagles for the 1979/80 season.
In 1980, De Clerck played for Aberdeen in the Scottish Premier Division. In his debut for the club, a Scottish League Cup tie against Berwick Rangers, he scored a goal from a long clearance. After one year in Scotland De Clerck moved back to Heracles. He later played for De Graafschap and Belgian club KRC Harelbeke before retiring as a player.
De Clerck later managed KRC Gent-Zeehaven.

</doc>
<doc id="31181762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181762" title="NOTIS">
NOTIS

NOTIS (Northwestern Online Total Integrated System) was a seminal integrated library system first created at Northwestern University, Evanston, IL USA in 1968. John P. McGowan, University Librarian from 1971 to 1992, recruited Professor James S. Aagaard to spearhead the project as lead programmer, and Velma Veneziano as systems analyst.
The core of the original system was written in IBM 360 Assembler and ran on an IBM mainframe. The first module to go into production was Circulation on January 19, 1970; followed by the Technical Services module in October 1971. The system officially received its name NOTIS in May 1976. 
The first library outside of Northwestern University Library to implement NOTIS was the National Library of Venezuela in the Spring of 1979.
By 1985 NOTIS integrated the public access catalog (OPAC), circulation, acquisitions, serials control, cataloging, authority control, and database management. Automatic fund accounting was also under development. All NOTIS modules accessed a single bibliographic record.
In 1987 Northwestern University restructured the internal marketing department that had already sold the NOTIS system to several libraries outside of Northwestern, as NOTIS Systems, Inc, a for-profit corporation owned by the University. Jane Burke, who had been the marketing director for the NOTIS system since 1983, was appointed as President of the new corporation. By the fall of 1988 NOTIS software packages were in operation at more than 100 other sites.
Aagaard and Veneziano received the LITA/Gaylord Award for Achievement in Library and Information Technology award in July 1985 for their work on NOTIS.McGowan was named the 1989 Academic Librarian of the Year by the Association of College and Research Libraries for his work promoting automation and information technology in libraries.
Ameritech purchased NOTIS Systems, Inc. from Northwestern University on October 1, 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="31181772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181772" title="Indian Mountain LRRS Airport">
Indian Mountain LRRS Airport

Indian Mountain LRRS Airport is a military airstrip located south of Utopia Creek, in the Yukon–Koyukuk Census Area of the U.S. state of Alaska. The airstrip is also located east-southeast of Hughes, Alaska. It is not open for public use.
Overview.
Indian Mountain Airport is a United States Air Force military airstrip. Its mission is to provide access to the Indian Mountain Long Range Radar Station for servicing and other requirements.
The airstrip was constructed in 1952 during the construction of the Indian Mountain Air Force Station. During the station's operational use as a manned radar station, it provided transportation for station personnel and for supplies and equipment to be airlifted to the station. With the manned radar station's closure in 1983, the airstrip now provides access to the unattended site for maintenance personnel and other requirements.
It is not staffed by any support personnel, and is not open to the public. During the winter months, it may be inaccessible due to the extreme weather conditions at the location.
Facilities.
Indian Mountain LRRS has one runway designated 6/24 with a gravel surface measuring 4,196 by 148 feet (1,279 x 45 m).

</doc>
<doc id="31181780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181780" title="Antal Amade de Várkony">
Antal Amade de Várkony

Antal Amade de Várkony was a Hungarian count and notable "comes" of Zagreb, Croatia, who established the first public theatre in the city of Zagreb in 1797.
The theatre was called Amadeo's theatre and was open until 1834. Amadeo’s theatre was situated in the former Blatna (Mud) and Kazalisna (Theatre) Street, which afterwards got the name Demetrova. After closing his theatre, Amade withdrew to his estate in Hungary. The building in which it was situated is now the Croatian National History Museum and, from 2000, the home of the Amadeo Theatre and Music Company.

</doc>
<doc id="31181789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181789" title="Elling Olsson Walbøe">
Elling Olsson Walbøe

Elling Olsson Walbøe (1763 – 1831) was a Norwegian farmer and politician from Ørskog. He represented Romsdals amt at the Norwegian Constituent Assembly in 1814, together with Hilmar Meincke Krohg and Jens Stub. Walbøe was the architect for at least three octagonal churches: Leikanger Church (Herøy) and Innvik Church still exist, previous Hareid Church was demolished.

</doc>
<doc id="31181795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181795" title="Tahoma Vista Comfort Station">
Tahoma Vista Comfort Station

The Tahoma Vista Comfort Station was designed by the National Park Service Branch of Plans and Designs in the National Park Service Rustic style and built in Mount Rainier National Park by the Civilian Conservation Corps in 1931. The design was supervised by Park Service Chief Architect Thomas Chalmers Vint, and site selection and development were undertaken by Park Service landscape architect Ernest A. Davidson. The comfort station serves the Tahoma Vista Overlook, also designed by Davidson. The by public toilet facility features rough stonework to window sill level, with a framed wall above and a log-framed roof with cedar shingles. 
The Tahoma Vista Comfort Station was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 13, 1991. It is part of the Mount Rainier National Historic Landmark District, which encompasses the entire park and which recognizes the park's inventory of Park Service-designed rustic architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="31181878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181878" title="Máximo Fernández">
Máximo Fernández

Máximo Fernández (Rail station Juan F. Salaberry) is a hamlet in Bragado county, Buenos Aires, Argentina.
It is the "Cuartel VIII", 25 km away from the city of Bragado, located on the highway between La Limpia and San Emilio. In Máximo Fernández there are 2 public elementary schools.
The name is in honor of Don Maximo Fernandez, who had his ranch there "Estancia La Matilde" (estancia is a term for ranch) and donated part of his land to "Ferrocarril Oeste de Buenos Aires" (Rail station) in 1893 to inaugurate the Juan F. Salaberry station. Later the ranch was purchased by Salaberry-Bercetche, which in 1942 sold it to Don Francisco M. Suárez Zabala who changed the name of the ranch for "Estancia Montelen", that keeps the same name till now.
Rail station.
Train station Juan F. Salaberry. Belongs to Lincoln-Once long distance service whereby the company Ferrobaires passes, the train stops if requested by a passenger.
Population.
There are 43 inhabitants (INDEC, 2001), representing an increase of 54% compared with 28 inhabitants (INDEC, 1991) the previous census.

</doc>
<doc id="31181897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181897" title="Jean-Marie van Staveren">
Jean-Marie van Staveren

Jean-Marie van Staveren (born 21 March 1946, in Rotterdam) is a Dutch painter, and art teacher.
Biography.
She studied at Art Academy Amersfoort, and Utrecht School of the Arts, first grade drawing and art history, from 1979 to 1984,
She graduated from Utrecht University in Art History and Archaeology in 1993.
She was a teacher at School of the Arts from 1986 - 2010.
Jean-Marie van Staveren lives and works in Spain (Callos d'En Sarrià) and the Netherlands (Soesterberg).
Work.
The work is both abstract and figurative. Sources of inspiration are the landscape and human. The paintings are characterized by sincere direct rawness.The abstracted figurative work shows the many sides that life offers. The works are mostly executed in mixed media or olie-/acrylverf.
She is an admirer of the work of Lucian Freud and Francis Bacon and sometimes makes paintings with the same subject or variations. Her work fits between abstract expressionism and the movement of the two currents that dominated art world after World War II. The work is characterized by using tertiary colors and bright colors. Topics include figurative, imaginary portraits and abstract landscapes.
Her work has won public tenders, in corporate collections and private collections. Her work was exhibited in Madrid during the Premio Pentura. In 2000, van Staveren nominated for the art prize 2000 by the Internet platform ArtOlive for lending and selling art.
Honours and awards.
In 1986 she received the BJ Kerkhof Prize for her entire "oeuvre".
In 1999 she received the Boellaard Prize of the Society Kunstliefde Utrecht.
Assignments.
Mural Hoofdburau Police utrecht / Notariskantoor Entjes Lelystad / Ipso Facto Wood / Soest / Village Burgstede Soesterberg / Van Gelder Inform Atika Soest / Coss Netherlands Wood / whatch-Out TV Production / Art Rhythmic / Fundación Cultural Knecht-Drenth Spain / Associacia the Moros I. Christians Callosa d'en Sarria Spain / Real Wood
Exhibitions.
In 1994, she had her first solo exhibition in the Society Kunstliefde in Utrecht.
Group and solo exhibitions:
Gallerie de Witt Dordrecht / The Hague Facette Gallery / House of Fine Arts Utrecht / NBr With Art Centre / Gallery Hüstegge Bosch / Amsterdam Gallery of the Sower / Choix 1997 Amsterdam / Castle Groeneveld Baarn / Gallery Ecco"Hazel Gay "/ Premio The Pintura Madrid Spain / The Arts Company in Heemstede / Dorwerth Castle / The Canals Soest
Fundación Cultural Knecht-Drenth.
Jean-Marie van Staveren is Chairman of the Fundación Cultural Knecht-Drenth Callosa d'En Sarria (Alicante) Spain since 2008.
Fundación Cultural Knecht-Drenth(Knecht-Drenth Cultural Foundation) was founded in 1996 by Mrs Knecht-Drenth.
Tijmen 2010 † and Helen Knecht Knecht-Drenth years were already engaged in collecting art.
Five of their collections: Dutch paintings, European graphics, Dutch glass, traditional Spanish pottery and Chinese porcelain, was donated by the founders of museums in Spain, Germany and the Netherlands. With the establishment of the Foundation Knecht-Drenth couple aims to encourage artistic initiatives. The FCKD does so at a reduced contribution temporary living / workspace / studios available in Dutch and Flemish artists, writers, translators and scholars, in Callosa d'En Sarrià in Alicante Spain
Artist in residence.
The foundation has in Callosa d'En Sarrià five residential work studios designed for Dutch and Flemish artists, designers, scientists, writers, translators, and musicians.
The FCKD is a volunteer organization that aims to bring its guests closer to Spain - its culture and nature. In the four decades of contacts with Spain and Latin America, the founders of the Dutch experience that too few of the very rich Spanish culture and art and its dissemination, fail.
Fundación Cultural Knecht-Drenth is a foundation under Spanish law.

</doc>
<doc id="31181904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181904" title="Peter Barnes (lighting designer)">
Peter Barnes (lighting designer)

Peter Barnes (born on February 25, 1955 in Enfield, London, United Kingdom) is a lighting designer, lighting director, show producer and set designer. He is credited with more than 150 designs for live music, film, television, dance, fashion, art and architecture. He is known in the live music industry as 'the UK’s guru of pop lighting'. He was the show producer, lighting and set designer for the Spice Girls live shows including the massive, international Spiceworld tour and the Christmas in Spiceworld tour. He designed the lighting for Live 8 and his design was used around the world for all major Live 8 venues with an estimated worldwide audience of 3 billion people. In 2000 he was voted Lighting Designer of the Year by Live! Magazine and was nominated Lighting Designer of the Year by Total Production magazine in 2008, 2009 and 2010
He is married to Cindy and has a daughter Joanna and a grandson Reuben. He lives in Cookham Dean, Berkshire, UK.
List of productions designed (selected).
Music
Events
Stage shows
Television and DVD

</doc>
<doc id="31181912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181912" title="Lucía Corpacci">
Lucía Corpacci

Lucía Benigna Corpacci (born December 4, 1958) is an Argentine surgeon and politician. She was elected Senator for Catamarca Province, and Governor in 2011.
Biography.
Lucía Corpacci was born in San Fernando del Valle de Catamarca. She enrolled at the National University of Córdoba and earned a medical degree in 1982 with a specialization in epidemiology. Corpacci was a surgeon at the Rawson Hospital in Córdoba, the Muñiz Hospital in Buenos Aires, and from 1988 to 2000, the San Juan Bautista Hospital in Catamarca. Her family had become prominent in Catamarca politics: her father, Sebastián Corpacci, was a prominent local physician and served as Minister of Government for Governors Vicente Saadi and Ramón Saadi; she is also the latter's niece. 
Corpacci became director of CUR, Catamarca's leading AIDS-related health care provider, in 2002, and in 2003 was appointed to the post of Director of the provincial office of the National Health Service (PAMI). Her husband's uncle, Armando Mercado, was head of the Front for Victory (FpV) Catamarca chapter, and recommended Corpacci to his ex-wife, Social Development Minister Alicia Kirchner. 
She ran unsuccessfully in the 2005 elections as second in the FpV party list, and afterward headed a local bureau of the Social Development Ministry. An alliance secured by Armando Mercado between the FpV and the UCR resulted in the nomination of Eduardo Brizuela del Moral (a UCR ally of Kirchnerism, or "K Radical") for Governor and of Corpacci for Vice-Governor, and their Civic and Social Front won the 2007 election handily.
Brizuela del Moral was elected with Kirchnerist (FpV) support; but political fallout from the 2008 Argentine government conflict with the agricultural sector over a proposed export tariff hike led to his distancing himself from Kirchnerism, and he became an ally of his fellow disaffected K-Radical, Vice President Julio Cobos. Corpacci, who remained loyal to President Cristina Kirchner, resigned her post as Vice-Governor, and was elected Senator during the 2009 elections. 
Corpacci ran against Governor Brizuela, who sought a third term, in 2011. Though she had inherited a measure of popularity from her late father, her being a member of the Saadi family presented risks: her uncle, Ramón Saadi, had been removed as Governor following the 1990 murder María Soledad Morales by two sons of close Saadi allies. She was elected Governor of the Province on the March 13, 2011 elections, defeating the incumbent by 4 points.
Following her victory, she declared herself ""proud to be a Saadi...they are a traditional family of immigrant roots who accomplished much for this province."" Regarding controversies surrounding former Governors Vicente and Ramón Saadi, she stated that ""Saadi is not a bad word. I never campaigned for Ramón...but he's not the demon the media portray him."" The nation's Interior Minister, Florencio Randazzo, said that Corpacci ""doesn't represent Ramón Saadi politically"" and blamed media disinformation for drawing the connection. Ada Morales, mother of María Soledad, dismissed claims of media disinformation, saying that ""It would seem as if nobody raped María Soledad, nobody killed her, nobody disfigured her."" 
Her tenure as governor was marked by increased investment in hospitals and other infrastructure, larger numbers of police, and by the promotion of Catamarca as a conference hub and tourist destination. Her administration, however, was slow to reform the province's inefficient judicial system, something critics attributed to Governor Corpacci's reluctance to create new disputes with the opposition UCR (which had appointed most of the local judiciary).

</doc>
<doc id="31181922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181922" title="Edwards (vacuum)">
Edwards (vacuum)

Edwards (formerly BOC Edwards) is a vacuum engineering company headquartered in Crawley, in West Sussex in the United Kingdom. The company manufactures and supplies vacuum and abatement equipment used in advanced manufacturing processes.
History.
Edwards equipment and services business was founded by physicist, F.D. Edwards in 1919 in south London. Initially the business imported vacuum equipment before commencing independent manufacturing in 1939. In 1953 the company relocated its factory and headquarters to Crawley and was later acquired by The BOC Group in 1968. This move prompted international expansion for the business, particularly across Asia.
In the electronics world, the evolution of transistors into semiconductors meant vacuum technology became critical in generating the clean environment required for semiconductor manufacture. To meet this demand, Edwards introduced the Drystar dry (oil free) vacuum pump in 1984, which reduced the risk of contamination, maintenance requirements and costs of ownership significantly.
In 1997 BOC Edwards was formed with the integration of Edwards vacuum business with BOC electronic gases unit before the BOC Group was itself acquired by Linde AG in 2006. Edwards subsequently became independent when it was acquired by CCMP Capital & Unitas Capital in 2007.
On 14 May 2012, Edwards became listed on the NASDAQ stock exchange as a publicly traded company.
In late February 2013 it was announced that Matthew Taylor would be standing down as CEO and was being replaced by independent Board of Directors member Jim Gentilcore effective 1 March 2013.
On 19 August 2013 it was announced that Edwards had been wholly acquired by Atlas Copco Compressors, becoming the Vacuum Solutions division of Atlas Copco. and Geert Follens was appointed Divisional president.
Operations.
The company’s key manufacturing sites are in Cheonan (Korea), Lutín (Czech Republic), Yachiyo (Japan), Eastbourne (UK) and Clevedon (UK).
Markets Served.
The company provides equipment and services across numerous industries:
Semiconductor – manufactures vacuum and abatement equipment designed to provide clean conditions for semiconductor manufacturing processes.
General Vacuum, which includes :
Research and Development – universities and major research institutes, national laboratories and industrial R&D facilities
Scientific – supply vacuum pumps and controllers to provide a clean vacuum environment for the production of analytical instruments
Process – dry vacuum systems are used extensively in the chemical, pharmaceutical and biofuel industries.
Industrial – manufactures vacuum systems utilised across a broad spectrum of industrial applications ranging from steel degassing and metallurgy, to coating and energy production plants.
Emerging Technologies (Solar, Flat Panel & LED) – manufactures a range of pumps and abatement technology in the crystalline and thin film PV solar industries as well as for the production of flat panel screens and all forms of LED lighting including display backlighting.

</doc>
<doc id="31181923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181923" title="2011 Meath Intermediate Football Championship">
2011 Meath Intermediate Football Championship

The 2011 Meath Intermediate Football Championship is the 85th edition of the Meath GAA's premier club Gaelic football tournament for intermediate graded teams in County Meath, Ireland. The tournament consists of 15 teams, with the winner going on to represent Meath in the Leinster Intermediate Club Football Championship. The championship starts with a group stage and then progresses to a knock out stage. 
This was St. Ultan's first year in the grade since 2008. They were relegated after 2 years as a senior club. 
On 25 September 2011, Moynalvey claimed their 2nd Intermediate championship title when they defeated Gaeil Colmcille 0-15 to 1-10, succeeding Nobber as Intermediate champions.
Cortown were relegated from this grade in 2011, after 5 years as an Intermediate club.
Team changes.
The following teams have changed division since the 2010 championship season.
From I.F.C..
Promoted to S.F.C.
Relegated to 2011 J.A.F.C.
To I.F.C..
Relegted from S.F.C.
Promoted from 2010 J.A.F.C.
Participating teams.
The teams taking part in the 2011 Meath Intermediate Football Championship are:
Group Stage.
In the group stage there are three groups called Group A, B and C. The top two teams from each group go through to the knock-out stages of the tournament and the teams that finish last in the three groups will play in the relegation playoff.
Group A.
Round 1:
Round 2:
Round 3:
Round 4:
Round 5:
Group B.
Round 1:
Round 2:
Round 3:
Round 4:
Round 5:
Group C.
Round 1:
Round 2:
Round 3:
Round 4:
Round 5:
Knock-out Stages.
Relegation Play Off.
Game 1: St Ultans 0-11, 1-10 St Michaels, Kells, 21/8/2011, 
Game 2: St Ultans 1-10, 0-9 Cortown, Kilmainham, 27/8/2011, 
Game 3: Cortown 1-5, 0-14 St Michaels, Simonstown, 9/9/2011, 
Finals.
Quarter Finals
Semi Final
Final

</doc>
<doc id="31181925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181925" title="Kerry GAA honours">
Kerry GAA honours

Kerry are by far the most successful team in the history of Gaelic football. They have won 36 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship and have appeared in countless other All-Ireland Football Finals. Kerry footballers have been garlanded with countless awards and hold numerous individual records in the sport. Pat Spillane received nine All Stars during a glittering career, a feat matched by no other Gaelic footballer, while Tadhg Kennelly is the only holder of both an AFL Premiership medallion and a Senior All-Ireland Championship medal, the highest possible achievement in the sports of Australian rules football and Gaelic football. Here are Kerry's honours.
Gaelic football.
(Note that the Railway Cup is contested by provincial sides - these are years in which the Munster team consisted entirely of Kerry players).
Individual.
GAA All Stars Awards (127).
1971: Donie O'Sullivan
1972: Donie O'Sullivan, Mick O'Connell
1973: John O'Keeffe
1974: Paudie Lynch
1975: Ger Power, John O'Keeffe, John Egan, Paudie O'Mahony, Mickey O'Sullivan
1976: Pat Spillane, Mikey Sheehy, Ger Power, John O'Keeffe, Ger O'Keeffe
1977: Pat Spillane, John Egan
1978: Pat Spillane, Mikey Sheehy, Ger Power, John O'Keeffe, John Egan, Paudie Lynch
1979: Pat Spillane, Mikey Sheehy, Ger Power, John O'Keeffe, Tim Kennelly, Seán Walsh
1980: Pat Spillane, Ger Power, Jack O'Shea, John Egan, Eoin Liston, Tim Kennelly, Charlie Nelligan
1981: Pat Spillane, Mikey Sheehy, Jack O'Shea, Páidí Ó Sé, Eoin Liston, Paudie Lynch, Seán Walsh, Jimmy Deenihan, Denis Moran
1982: Mikey Sheehy, Jack O'Shea, John Egan, Páidí Ó Sé, Eoin Liston
1983: Jack O'Shea, Páidí Ó Sé
1984: Pat Spillane, Mikey Sheehy, Jack O'Shea, Páidí Ó Sé, Eoin Liston, Tommy Doyle, Tom Spillane
1985: Pat Spillane, Jack O'Shea, Páidí Ó Sé, Tommy Doyle, Mick Spillane
1986: Pat Spillane, Mikey Sheehy, Ger Power, Tommy Doyle, Tom Spillane, Charlie Nelligan
1987: Tom Spillane, Ger Lynch
1988: Maurice Fitzgerald
1989: Connie Murphy
1996: Maurice Fitzgerald
1997: Maurice Fitzgerald, Declan O'Keeffe, Seamus Moynihan, Eamonn Breen, Pa Laide
2000: Declan O'Keeffe, Seamus Moynihan, Mike McCarthy, Darragh Ó Sé, Liam Hassett, Mike Frank Russell
2001: Johnny Crowley
2002: Darragh Ó Sé, Colm Cooper
2004: Diarmuid Murphy, Tom O'Sullivan, Mike McCarthy, Tomás Ó Sé, Paul Galvin, Colm Cooper
2005: Diarmuid Murphy, Mike McCarthy, Tomás Ó Sé, Colm Cooper
2006: Marc Ó Sé, Seamus Moynihan, Aidan O'Mahony, Darragh Ó Sé, Paul Galvin, Kieran Donaghy
2007: Marc Ó Sé, Tomás Ó Sé, Aidan O'Mahony, Darragh Ó Sé, Declan O'Sullivan, Colm Cooper
2008: Tomás Ó Sé, Declan O'Sullivan, Colm Cooper, Kieran Donaghy
2009: Diarmuid Murphy, Tom O'Sullivan, Tomás Ó Sé, Séamus Scanlon, Paul Galvin, Tadhg Kennelly, Declan O'Sullivan
2010: Colm Cooper
2011: Marc Ó Sé, Bryan Sheehan, Darran O'Sullivan, Colm Cooper
Texaco Footballer of the Year wins (18).
The following Kerry players have been named Texaco Footballer of the Year:
Team of the Millennium (6).
The following Kerry players were among the fifteen selected for the Football Team of the Millennium:
Ladies' football.
1976, 1982, 1983, 1984, 1985, 1986, 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1993
1980, 1981, 1995
1999
1991, 1992, 1993, 1999, 2008
Hurling.
2001
Michael ‘Boxer’ Slattery
Shane Brick
Brendan O'Sullivan
John Mike Dooley
John Healy
John Mahony
Tom Collins
Maurice Leahy
Christy Walsh
Camogie.
A selected Kerry team won divisional honours at Féile na nGael in 2008, 2009 and 2010. 
Notable players include Mary Geaney.
Other.
Other notable achievements include:

</doc>
<doc id="31181930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181930" title="2011 Hainan Classic">
2011 Hainan Classic

The 2011 Chinalife Xingpai Hainan Classic was a professional non-ranking snooker tournament that took place between 10–13 March 2011 at the Boao Conference Center in Boao, China.
John Higgins won in the final 7–2 against Jamie Cope.
Prize fund.
The breakdown of prize money for this year is shown below: 
Round-robin stage.
Group A.
Table
Results:
Group B.
Table
Results:
Group C.
Table
Results:
Group D.
Table
Results:

</doc>
<doc id="31181947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181947" title="Alejandro Reyna">
Alejandro Reyna

Alejandro Reyna, also known as "el Tío Plácido", was a Mexican comic character actor and singer. Reyna usually appeared in films starring Antonio Aguilar. Reyna received a starring role as "Plácido Buenavista" in "El ojo de vidrio".
Born in Torreón, Coahuila; Reyna sang norteña music in the group "el Tío Plácido, con sus Sobrinos". He appeared in films, in 1958 and left cinema in 1982. After many minor roles, Reyna was given a special billing in "Caballo prieto azabache". He was mostly cast as one of Aguilar's sidekicks along with Eleazar García "Chelelo". Such is the case in "Lucio Vázquez" and "Lauro Puñales".

</doc>
<doc id="31181965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181965" title="Rickenbacker 4080">
Rickenbacker 4080

The Rickenbacker 4080 was a doubleneck guitar consisting of a four-string bass for the top neck and a six-string or twelve-string guitar for the bottom. The original 4080's was built for Geddy Lee of Rush for four of their albums: A Farewell to Kings, Hemispheres, Permanent Waves, and Moving Pictures.

</doc>
<doc id="31181971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181971" title="Andrei Makoveev">
Andrei Makoveev

Andrei Makoveev (born 16 October 1982) is a Russian biathlete who competes internationally. His best result at the Biathlon World Championships 2011 was in the sprint, where he placed fourth behind Peiffer, Fourcade and Bø.

</doc>
<doc id="31181995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31181995" title="General John Regan (play)">
General John Regan (play)

General John Regan is a comedy play by the Irish writer George A. Birmingham. A confidence trickster convinces a small Irish town that a statue ought to be erected to one of its natives who is claimed to have led the independence movement of a South American country, closely modelled on Bernardo O'Higgins.
It premiered at the Apollo Theatre in London on 8 January 1913 where it had a long run. Its American premier was at the Hudson Theatre in New York on 13 November 1913. It received good reviews from critics, and was commercially successful. When it was first staged at Westport, Ireland it provoked a riot as the crowd objected to the depiction of what they felt was a mocking representation of their town.
Adaptations.
The play has been adapted to film several times. In 1921 a silent version "General John Regan" was made. In 1933 a sound version "General John Regan" was made starring Henry Edwards and Chrissie White.

</doc>
<doc id="31182005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182005" title="Av HaTumah">
Av HaTumah

In the realm of "tumah and taharah" terminology, the term Av HaTumah (father of tumah, or simply Av) is a rabbinic term used to define a person or object that is in a state of "tumah" (ritual impurity) to the second degree.
A person or object that is a "Av HaTumah" has the ability to transfer its "tumah" to another person or object (usually at a downgraded level of "tumah"). 
There are two types of "Av HaTumah", the first being one textually listed in the Torah (D'Oraita), the second being one of rabbinic origin (D'Rabbanan).
Examples.
An "Av HaTumah" is generally a person or object that is listed in the Torah. Common examples of an "Av HaTumah" include a "zav", "zavah", "niddah", "metzorah" (leper), and "midras".
Purification.
A person or object that is under "Av HaTumah" status can usually be purified by immersion in a mikveh "and" the elapse of sunset. 
An exception to purification eligibility are Terracotta vessels (that cannot be purified until broken).

</doc>
<doc id="31182012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182012" title="CD-NP">
CD-NP

CD-NP (chimeric natriuretic peptide) is a novel natriuretic peptide developed by the Mayo Clinic as a potential treatment for heart failure. CD-NP is created by the fusion of the 15 amino acid C-terminus of DNP with the full CNP structure both peptide which are endogenous to humans. This peptide chimera is a dual activator of the natriuretic peptide receptors NPR-A and NPR-B and therefore exhibits the natriuretic and diuretic properties of DNP, as well as the antiproliferative and antifibrotic properties of CNP.
Molecular Problem: Fibrosis.
When faced with pressure overload, the heart attempts to compensate with a number of structural alterations including hypertrophy of cardiomyocytes and increase of extracellular matrix (ECM) proteins. Rapid accumulation of ECM proteins causes excessive fibrosis resulting in decreased myocardial compliance and increased myocardial stiffness. The exact mechanisms involved in excessive fibrosis are not fully understood but there is evidence that supports involvement from local growth factors FGF-2, TGF-beta and platelet-derived growth factor. TGF-β1 plays an important role in cardiac remodelling through the stimulation of fibroblast proliferation, ECM deposition and myocyte hypertrophy. The increase in TGF-beta 1 expression in a pressure-overloaded heart correlates with the degree of fibrosis, suggesting TGF-beta 1 involvement in the progression from a compensated hypertrophy to failure. Through an autocrine mechanism, TGF-beta 1 acts on fibroblasts by binding TGF-beta 1 receptors 1 and 2. Upon receptor activation, the receptor-associated transcription factor Smad becomes phosphorylated and associates with Co-Smad. This newly formed Smad-Co-Smad complex enters the nucleus where it acts as a transcription factor modulating gene expression.
Cardiac remodelling of the ECM is also regulated by the CNP/NPR-B pathway as demonstrated by the improved outcomes in transgenic mice with CNP over-expression subjected to myocardial infarction.
Fibrotic heart tissue is associated with an increase risk of ventricular dysfunction which can ultimately lead to heart failure. Thus, anti-fibrotic strategies are a promising approach in the prevention and treatment of heart failure.
Molecular Mechanism of CD-NP.
As CD-NP interacts with both NRP-A and NRP-B, this drug has antifibrotic potential. Binding of CD-NP to NRP-B elicits an antifibrotic response by catalyzing formation of cGMP similar to the response seen with endogenous CNP. Additionally, in vitro study of human fibroblasts demonstrates that CD-NP reduces TGF-beta 1 induced collagen production. These two proposed mechanisms illustrate therapeutic potential for the reduction of fibrotic remodelling in the hypertensive heart. Through combined effects of CNP and DNP, CD-NP treatment results in a reduction in stress on the heart (through natriuresis/diuresis) and inhibition of pro-fibrotic, remodelling pathways.

</doc>
<doc id="31182020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182020" title="RIVERA &amp; RIVERA">
RIVERA &amp; RIVERA

RIVERA & RIVERA is a contemporary art gallery in West Hollywood, California, owned by Carlos A. Rivera.
History.
The gallery opened in 2009 on the ground floor of the 1100 S. Hope Street building in Downtown Los Angeles. In 2011, the gallery moved to the West Hollywood Avenues of Arts & Design. Located on Robertson Boulevard, the gallery is housed in a two-story architectural space designed by Arata Isosaki. Erected in 1967, the space previously housed Rolling Stones Records, the Michael Kohn Gallery and, most recently, the Earl McGrath Gallery.
Artists.
The gallery exhibits mid-career and established artists of international recognition, and has prominently exhibited seminal installations and international projects of artists thereafter included in important exhibitions at the Museum of Contemporary Art in Los Angeles and the Pasadena Museum of California Art.
The gallery has helped foster the careers of influential contemporary artists, including Marquis Lewis (RETNA). In addition, the gallery has hosted a wide range of international exhibitions, from a survey of the Chicano influence on Latin Art including works from Carlos Almaraz, Frank Romero, The Date Farmers and Ismael Vargas to a survey of foreign and expatriate British artists including Tobias Keene and Pete Stern. In addition, the gallery has collaborated on the international exhibition of several urban artists including Miles MacGregor (El Mac), Augustine Kofie and Marquis Lewis (RETNA). The gallery has also hosted exhibits by Ray Turner.
Press.
Press articles about the gallery and its artists have been featured in Complex Magazine, The Financial Times, Bloomberg, The Huffington Post, The Economist, The Wall Street Journal, Juxtapoz Magazine, The Los Angeles Times, Artillery Magazine, Art News, The New Yorker, LA Weekly and Esquire.

</doc>
<doc id="31182023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182023" title="Melba Moore Live!">
Melba Moore Live!

Melba Moore Live is the third album by singer Melba Moore, released in 1972. This album was recorded live at the New York Philharmonic Hall on November 7, 1971

</doc>
<doc id="31182033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182033" title="1802 Vrancea earthquake">
1802 Vrancea earthquake

The 1802 Vrancea earthquake occurred on 26 October (other sources indicate 14 October). Its magnitude was 7.7-8.2 on the Richter scale, and 7.9 on the moment magnitude scale, and its epicenter was in the Vrancea area. It was the strongest earthquake ever recorded in Vrancea. It was felt from Saint Petersburg to Greek islands in the Aegean Sea, and from Belgrade to Moscow. According to local witnesses, "in many localities in Burzenland (Romanian: "Țara Bârsei") were formed huge holes in the ground, cracks, wide crevices of several feet (1 foot = 33 cm) and many fathoms deep, partially filled with water."
In Bucharest, many church steeples fell, and Turnul Colței broke in half, killing an itinerant merchant. Likewise, Cotroceni Monastery completely collapsed. Numerous fires broke out, caused mainly by overthrowing stoves.
In Focșani, wall of St. John Monastery fell. Also, several households and church steeples collapsed following the first oscillations of the soil.
In Moscow, some walls were cracked, suspended objects swung. In many other cities in Russia and Ukraine, soil oscillated for several minutes. Significant damage was caused in other areas of Ukraine, in Lvov and even Kiev. The earthquake caused fear in Warsaw (Poland), and in Bulgaria, the cities of Ruse, Varna and Vidin suffered some damage and panic amongst the population.
"The Great Earthquake", as the Bucharest inhabitants of 19th century called this sinister event, coincided with the ascent to the throne of Prince Constantin Ipsilanti, surprised by the earthquake in the commune of Radovanu (Călărași County). He prayed for the salvation of his submissives. An engraving print shows that roofs and chimneys of houses flied, walls fell, and people tried to run scared and couldn't keep up. The Chronicle of Dobrescu mentions that "the land splits as would fit a man with horse and squirt water and tar".
Damage and casualties.
According to local chronicles, in the village of Bod (Brașov County), more than 50 houses and several churches were damaged or completely destroyed. In one place the movement was so strong that the roof of a church rose in part to more than 2.7 meters of the wall, then went back and the wall collapsed. In the village of Feldioara, a column of water rose from a crack caused by the earthquake and continued to throw water in the air to a height of several meters.
In Constantinople and neighboring lands were registered a series of earthquakes so numerous and violent that it was thought for a while that the entire capital of the Ottoman Empire had been completely destroyed.
At 1:30 p.m., violent tremors were felt in Kiev. Aftershocks, in total 6, lasted 3 minutes and were so strong that all masonry buildings were strongly shaken and city bells began to ring themselves. As in 1730, the earthquake caused damage to churches and houses in Kiev. The tremor was also felt in Saint Petersburg and Moscow, in neighboring Russia.
Between 12:00 and 13:00 in the afternoon, Bucharest was hit by the mainshock. The earthquake was felt for about 10 minutes and was so violent that all chimneys in the city collapsed. A few houses and several churches were shattered. Numerous historical monuments were destroyed, including St. Nicholas Church and the famous tower of Colțea. The soil was split in several places; greenish water gushed from the earth that emanated a smell like sulfur in the city. At 5 o'clock occurred an aftershock, but the tremor was less intense and did not cause any damage. Despite a large number of buildings collapsing during the first earthquake, no other deaths were reported besides those of a Jewish woman, her baby and 2 other people.
Restoration of Bucharest.
Gravely damaged by the earthquake, Constantin Ipsilanti ordered its immediate restoration from the ground. And because the first who tried to profit from the disaster were masons and craftsmen, Ipsilanti had disposed maximum wages that they could work for. And Bucharest was rebuilt in a few years. During the rebuilding, some buildings were reinforced so well that they would resist future earthquakes. And some neighborhoods became, after reconstruction, even more civilized than before.
In the following years there were several more large earthquakes, but that scared the Bucharest inhabitants more than caused damage. Among them was one that shook the city on June 15, 1803, affecting Bucharesters' water system and thus rendering many pumps unusable. Three other major earthquakes occurred in 1804 and 1812.

</doc>
<doc id="31182050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182050" title="The Public Life of Henry the Ninth">
The Public Life of Henry the Ninth

The Public Life of Henry the Ninth (1935) is a British comedy film directed by Bernard Mainwaring and starring Leonard Henry, Betty Frankiss, and George Mozart. This film was the first film made by Hammer Productions, and was Henry's film debut. It is set largely in the bar of the Henry VIII public house, with the title alluding to the 1933 Oscar-winning film "The Private Life of Henry VIII".
Originally released in 1935 by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, it was released again in 1940, this time by Exclusive.
It is on the BFI 75 Most Wanted list of lost films.

</doc>
<doc id="31182058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182058" title="Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod v. FCC">
Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod v. FCC

Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod v. FCC was a 1998 U.S. Court of Appeals case involving the Federal Communications Commission's (FCC) enforcement of the Equal Employment Opportunity Act and the Fifth Amendment. The FCC claimed that the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod had violated the FCC's Equal Employment Opportunity requirements by not hiring enough minorities/women and by requiring a knowledge of Lutheran doctrine in order to be hired to work at its two FM and AM radio stations located in Clayton, Missouri.
History.
The Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod first began broadcasting religious content on the radio in 1924 on KFUO, which is a daytime non-profit AM station located on the Concordia Seminary campus grounds in Clayton, Missouri. KFUO was founded by Richard Kretzschmar, John Fritz and Dr. Walter A. Maier. It is the nation's longest running religious radio station. They later added a full-time commercial broadcast station in 1948, still with a religious focus, KFUO-FM. According to the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod, the stations "have been dedicated to the task of carrying out in their way the Great Commission which Christ gave to His Church, to preach the Gospel to every creature and to nurture and serve the people in a variety of ways."
Background.
In May 1978 the FCC adopted its Statement of Policy on Minority Ownership of Broadcasting Facilities, 68 FCC 2d 979. This policy outlined two elements of a minority ownership policy:
Congress and the FCC selected these minority ownership policies to promote program diversity, which they saw as an important governmental objective. In addition, they would serve as a constitutional basis for the preference policies.
The FCC adopted these policies in an attempt to satisfy its obligation under the Communications Act of 1934 to promote diversification of programming. It argued that its past efforts to promote diversification in the broadcast industry had been insufficient, and detrimental to not only the minority audience, but also the listening and viewing public as a whole.
Metro Broadcasting, Inc. v. FCC.
In the case of Metro Broadcasting, Inc. v. FCC (1990) the constitutionality of the two elements of the FCC’s Policy on Minority Ownership of Broadcasting Facilities from 1978 came under scrutiny.
Metro Broadcasting, Inc., sought review of an FCC licensing decision. Rainbow Broadcasting had been given a new television license over Metro because of the FCC’s policy on minority ownership; Rainbow Broadcasting was minority owned. Metro Broadcasting claimed that the FCC was violating its equal protection right under the Fifth Amendment in its comparative decision to award Rainbow Broadcasting the license.
Chief Justice William Rehnquist of the U.S. Supreme Court held : “The FCC policies do not violate equal protection, since they bear the imprimatur of longstanding congressional support and direction and are substantially related to the achievement of the important governmental objective of broadcast diversity.”
Both the Commissioner and Judge concurred that in regards to the Congress’ racial classification policies, they need not be subject to “strict scrutiny”.
Also, a precedent case, City of Richmond v. J.A. Croson Co., held that, “Benign race-conscious measures mandated by Congress -- even if those measures are not "remedial" in the sense of being designed to compensate victims of past governmental or societal discrimination—are constitutionally permissible to the extent that they serve important governmental objectives within the power of Congress and are substantially related to the achievement of those objectives.”
FCC Equal Employment Opportunity Regulations 1994.
The policy statement released on February 1, 1994 provided clear guidelines by which the Commission would determine and impose sanctions for EEO violations, which in time could create a more consistent body of EEO enforcement precedents.
Under this policy a $12,500 base forfeiture (subject to change) would be imposed on license renewal applicants who fail to recruit or attract an “adequate” pool of minority and female applicants or hires for at least two thirds of all vacancies during the renewal period. However, it was noted that at the time this policy was released, the tern “adequate” was never clearly defined.
The FCC stated that not only would they continue to require licensees to demonstrate that they made adequate efforts to seek minorities and women, but in addition they would be looking at results. Licensees unable to prove that these efforts produced a significant number of minority applicants or interviews would be at greater risk for repercussions.
Adarand Constructors, Inc. v. Peña.
In the case of Adarand Constructors, Inc. v. Peña (1995) The United States Supreme Court overturned Metro Broadcasting, Inc v. FCC in which the Court had stated that Congress’ benign minority ownership policies need not be subject to strict scrutiny. The case held that racial classifications imposed by the federal government would be analyzed under a standard of “strict scrutiny".
FCC Equal Employment Opportunity Regulations 1997.
The FCC adopted its Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) regulations in 1997, imposing two basic requirements for radio stations. Radio stations are prohibited from discriminating in employment against anyone based on their race, color, religion, national origin, or sex Also, radio stations are required to implement an affirmative action program in order to hire more women and minorities. This EEO program must include a plan for the following:
Initial charge.
The initial charge brought against the Lutheran Church radio stations was initiated by a Hearing Designation Order and Notice of Opportunity for Hearing for Forfeiture to examine the church’s or licensee’s compliance with the FCC’s equal employment opportunity requirements. The denomination’s membership was around 2 percent African American, and because of this, the NAACP challenged the stations’ license renewal with the FCC. The Commission questioned the licensee’s affirmative recruitment efforts, noting its reasons for failing to recruit had a direct adverse impact on the recruitment of African Americans. In addition to requiring “Lutheran training”, a “classical music expertise” was required by the church; however, these requirements were suspect because not all persons hired for specified positions at the two stations had said training or expertise. The FCC also found that the Church had made misleading statements about these practices when they claimed to actively seek female and minority referrals to fill vacancies as they occurred.
An FCC Administrative Law Judge found the Church’s overall affirmative action efforts unsatisfactory during much of its license term, and held that these deficiencies were sufficiently serious to warrant the imposition of EEO misrepresentation, but not severe enough to warrant license non-renewal. The Judge, however, did impose an initial forfeiture of $50,000 for the willful and repeated violation of the FCC’s EEO minority recruiting requirements.
The Church, upon appeal to the Commission, argued that the implication that it did not comply with the Commission’s EEO requirements violated its constitutional right to religious freedom by improperly evaluating its recruitment efforts and employment criteria. However, the Court of Appeals had held in the past, that the enforcement of the Commission’s EEO rules do not violate a licensee’s constitutional rights.
The Commission, the Administrative Law Judge, and the Review Board agreed that the Church’s recruitment efforts were deficient but because only one of the violations fell within the three-year statute of limitations in effect at that time, the amount of the forfeiture was reduced to $25,000, the maximum fine permitted for a single violation of the Commission’s rules.
Ruling.
On April 14, 1998 the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit found the FCC's Equal Employment Opportunity program requirements unconstitutional.
The judge presiding over the case, Laurence Silberman, offered an explanation for the court's decision, stating that the FCC based its case on preventing workplace discrimination and promoting diversity of programming. However, the court found that the FCC does not have the authority to declare regulations using an anti-discrimination rationale. This is because the purpose of the FCC is to safeguard the public interest. The court had previously stated that agencies can impose anti-discrimination regulations only when they specifically relate to that agency's statutory charge. Therefore, it holds that the instances in which the FCC has the authority to pass anti-discriminatory measures would be one in which the discrimination in question related to "communication services" - which, in this case, means programming. Another explanation offered by Silberman is that the phrase "diversity of programming" is incredibly vague and any further attempts to identify what that means would put it in conflict with the First Amendment. Therefore, such a concept is not meaningful.
Response.
The FCC, the NAACP, and several high-profile civil right leaders voiced strong opposition to the decision, such as in this quote by FCC Commissioner Gloria Tristanion.
The FCC initially petitioned the District of Columbia District Court for an en banc rehearing of the case with a full court. In a 6-4 vote, the majority of the D.C. Circuit denied the joint petitions for rehearing, and the FCC eventually accepted the rulings.
The Lutheran Church celebrated the decision as a victory for freedom of religious expression. Critics of affirmative action or equal opportunity policies also applauded the decision and subsequent loosening of EEO regulations, claiming
"The narrowing of affirmative action is not so much the destruction of a time-honored legal mechanism, but rather a return to the original purpose of the policy."
Implications.
This case was one of many that indicated a shift in stance for the federal judiciary, which previously showed deference to the FCC when creating and enforcing EEO and affirmative action policies. As a result, other EEO or affirmative action policies, whether already in place or in the process of being developed, are under a higher level of scrutiny.
As a direct response to the case, the FCC proposed several new EEO rules that would require broadcast licensees to inform women and members of minority groups of job vacancies, and to have an opportunity to apply for openings at broadcast stations. The proposed rules would not contain requirements or quotas for employers to meet regarding the makeup of their workforce relative to the composition of the local labor force, and the FCC would not use such comparisons when assessing those types of EEO programs.
The case also caused effects in other forms of media when the FCC proposed modifications to its EEO rules for cable and MVPD entities in order to maintain consistency.

</doc>
<doc id="31182139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182139" title="The drowned woman and her husband">
The drowned woman and her husband

The drowned woman and her husband is a story found in Mediaeval jest-books that entered the fable tradition in the 16th century. It was occasionally included in collections of Aesop's Fables but never became established as such and has no number in the Perry Index.
The story.
One of the earliest appearances of the story is in the 12th century, when it was included in Marie de France's rhymed fables, the Ysopet, under the title "The man who had a contrary wife" (tale 96). Its most concise telling is in Poggio Bracciolini's "Facetiae" (1450), where it is titled "The man who searched in the river for his dead wife":
The language that Poggio uses is Latin, but there is an English retelling in the early Tudor "Merry Tales and Quick Answers" (c.1530) and another in Geoffrey Whitney's "Choice of Emblemes" (1586). In Italy there had been the elegant Latin verses of Gabriele Faerno's influential "Centum Fabulae" (1554) and the Italian rhyming version by Giovanni Maria Verdizotti (1570). But the most influential telling of all was in La Fontaine's Fables as "The drowned wife" ("La femme noyée", III.16). In this he deprecates the anti-feminist trend of the story but uses it as an illustration of how a governing nature persists throughout life 'and even beyond, perhaps'. 
La Fontaine begins his account by protesting that he is not among those who use the contemporary French idiom, 'it's nothing, just a woman drowning', referring to those who lazily subscribed to such societal attitudes. At the end he echoes Faerno's conclusion that a person's nature does not change. Poggio's jest book and the English 'Merry Tales', on the other hand, avoid drawing a moral and end on the popular idiom of 'swimming against the current', used of just such characters as the contrary wife is said to be.
Artistic uses.
Pictures of the fable in books for some centuries usually depicted a group of men pointing opposite ways by the stream-side, following the emblematic lead of the German illustrator of Fearno's "Centum Fabulae" (1590) and of François Chauveau, the original illustrator of La Fontaine's "Fables". It was only much later that attention switched to a compassionate view of the drowned woman, as in Gustave Doré's illustration of the fable (above) and Marc Chagall's 1952 etching. These follow in the wake of sympathetic treatments of the subject like the "Ophelia" (1852) of John Everett Millais and "A Christian martyr drowned in the Tiber during the reign of Diocletian" (1855) by Eugène Delacroix.
In the 20th century two composers set La Fontaine's words to music. In 1954 Florent Schmitt included it in his "Fables sans morales" for mixed choir or four soloists (Op. 130). It is also among the four pieces in Isabelle Aboulker's "Femmes en fables" (1999).

</doc>
<doc id="31182171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182171" title="Valentin Kontridze">
Valentin Kontridze

Valentine Solomonovich Kontridze (Georgian კონტრიძე) Sobol (Russian Соболь) (b. Georgia (country)|Georgia, USSR, 12 January 1933; d. Israel, 25 October 2002) was a Georgian Jewish scientist, ophthalmologist, and eye microsurgeon.
Biography.
In 1968 he defended the thesis for his Master of Medical degree. From 1977 to 1988 he was the head of the eye microsurgery department at the Institute of Advance Training for Doctors, Tbilisi, Georgia. Between 1976 and 1978 he completed a program in eye microsurgery at the All Union Scientific Research Institute, where his scientific adviser was academician M. Krasnova (an associate member of the National Academy, USSR). In 1980 he finished the course under the supervision of Associate Member of the Academy of Sciences S. Federov.
Kontridze was a specialist in plastic and reconstructive surgery on palpebra and conjunctiva. He performed corneal transplants, extra- and intra-capsule cataract extractions, and implanted artificial lenses. He performed all kinds of anti-glaucoma operations, worked on retinal detachment, virtual surgery, and trauma to the eye. He removed magnetic and amagmetic interocular objects, performed optic reconstructive operations, worked on eye muscles, orbits, and cosmetic repairs after enucleation of the eye.
In 1994, after political and criminal unrest in Georgia, Kontridze moved to Israel with his family, where he continued his scientific research at Shapiro’s organization. His 74 scientific research papers were published in the former USSR, Europe, and Asia. He is the author of multiple adopted rationalization proposals.

</doc>
<doc id="31182177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182177" title="Public relations (book)">
Public relations (book)

Public Relations is a sociology book written by Austrian-American pioneer in the field of public relations and propaganda, Edward Bernays, and first published in 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="31182193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182193" title="Onepoto, Hawke's Bay">
Onepoto, Hawke's Bay

Onepoto is a small settlement on the southern shore of Lake Waikaremoana in the North Island of New Zealand. The village is close to the old overflow channel of the lake and the intake of the Waikaremoana hydroelectric power scheme. The name Onepoto (short beach) refers to the small bay to the north of the village with a beach only 60 metres long.

</doc>
<doc id="31182198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182198" title="Gare de Briare">
Gare de Briare

Briare is a railway station in Briare, Centre, France. The station is located on the Moret-Lyon railway. The station is served by Intercités (long distance) services operated by SNCF. 
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Briare:

</doc>
<doc id="31182231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182231" title="Choreosonographies">
Choreosonographies

Choreosonographies ("choreosonography") is a term developed by Óscar Mascareñas from the Irish World Academy of Music and Dance, in the University of Limerick, to describe the investigation of the multiple possibilities of expression that dwell within the human body, including the exploration of musical 'sensuousness' and its relationship with the voice. From a sonic perspective, the choreosonographies may develop from playing within - and beyond - a frame posed by the structures of existing music, which is seen as an open system that permits the re-interpretation of seemingly fixed scores using alternative techniques of voice production and composition. Moreover, from both sonic and movement viewpoints, a choreosonography entails the making of "collective compositions", in which the performers work on a continuous and never-ending exploration of sound, movement, force and emotion to create a choreosonographic score that is always re-worked/re-written in every performance, and thus never final or closed. In this regard, a choreosonography develops its own frame, where the creative impulse is a force that "always aready" resists becoming form, becoming "represented", even though - as Jacques Derrida suggests elsewhere - the representation of that force can only be done by "re"-presenting "it", i.e., by presenting "it" again - as if for the first time.
Background.
The concept of choreosonography developed from Óscar Mascareñas' doctoral research on Gregorian chant. His thesis focused on the study of the quilisma and oriscus (two signs that so far have been understood as ornamental) in a set of particular Gregorian chant manuscripts dating from 10th and 11th centuries. Inspired by, and based on, some of the ideas/concepts of the eminent 20th-century philosopher Jacques Derrida, it aimed to challenge the premises of the comparative methodologies employed by Dom Eugène Cardine and his semiological school to study the meaning of the chant signs, as well as to challenge other very influential Gregorian chant theories that are based on the notion of formula and on concepts that are closely related to it – such as that of variant, identity, the oral and the written in chant transmission, and the concept of sign meaning. This was done by proposing a radical view that introduces a different way of interpreting the extant evidence, one that sees the chant manuscripts as an opening of re-presentation, where what they contain is no longer fixed (neither by the ink nor by an ultimate interpretative theory), but open to an active and continuous process of change and innovation.
Based on these ideas and concepts, Mascareñas started to experiment and apply them to the realm of voice and dance. The result is not (necessarily/not always necessarily) a work that shows the combination of one form and the other, but a work that emanates from a single impulse or force.
Performances.
The first performance of a work that was actually identified with the term "choreosonographies" was premiered at a concert in the University of Bristol (within the Department of Music's Lunchtime Concert Series) on Friday 11 March 2011. It was performed by Óscar Mascareñas and Erika Charters. However, the concept can be applied to works that have been performed/prepared since 2008 as part of workshops, regular classes on improvisation and composition that include voice and dance - under the artistic supervision/direction of Óscar Mascareñas - which are taught in the BA Voice and Dance at the Irish World Academy of Music and Dance in the University of Limerick, in Ireland. Some of these works have included the re-reading/re-writing of traditional songs from Latin-America (Mexico, Colombia, Cuba), and the obvious expansion to/inclusion of the spatial/movement dimension which the concept of choreosonographies entails. It has also been applied to other works where the vocabulary of sound and movement is not based on a given frame or a particular style/genre. This is the case of most of the works that are being explored in the improvisation and composition workshops at the Academy.
Bibliography/Further reading.
Barthes, Roland (1974). S/Z. New York: Hill and Wang.
Caputo, John D. (1997). Deconstruction in a Nutshell: A Conversation with Jacques Derrida. New York: Fordham University Press.
Cardine, Eugène (1982). Gregorian Semiology, Solesmes: Sable-sur-Sarthe
Derrida, Jacques (2006). ‘Force and Signification’, in Writing and Difference. London / New York: Routledge.
Derrida, Jacques (1978). ‘Structure, Sign and Play in the Discourse of the Human Sciences’, in Writing and Difference. London / New York: Routledge.
Derrida, Jacques (1981). ‘Plato’s Pharmacy', in Dissemination. London / New York: Continuum.
Lucy, Niall (2004). A Derrida Dictionary. Oxford: Blackwell.
Mascareñas, Óscar (2010). Exposing the Play in Gregorian Chant: The Manuscript as an Opening of Re-Presentation (PhD Thesis). University of Limerick. pp. 318.

</doc>
<doc id="31182232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182232" title="Brian D. Evans">
Brian D. Evans

Brian David Evans also known as Brian D. Evans, is an American Entrepreneur, film actor, film producer, and internet marketer.

</doc>
<doc id="31182283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182283" title="S. P. Pillai">
S. P. Pillai

S. P. Pillai (1913 – 12 June 1985) was an Indian film and stage actor, best known for his comic roles in Malayalam films.
Biography.
S. P. Pillai was born in 1913 in Ettumanoor, Kottayam. His father Shankara Pillai, was a police constable. Pillai lost his parents at a young age itself. He could not get basic education but obtained training in Ottan thullal from Kalamandalam for a few years. He started his career as a supporting actor in stage plays. His first film, Appan Thamburan's "Bhootharayar", did not release. His first released film was "Jnanambika" (1940). He was shot to fame as a comedy actor after the superhit film "Nalla Thanka" (1951). He did notable roles in more than 300 films, including Snehaseema, Nayaru pidichapulivalu, Chemmen, Bharya, Vidarunna and Mottukal. He played the role of Paananar in almost all the Vadakkan Pattu films of Udaya. He has even sung the song "Vayaranu Nammalkku Daivam" for the movie "Thaskaraveeran", in 1957. "Sanchari" (1981) was his last film. He won the Kerala State Film Award for Second Best Actor for his performance in "Taxi Driver". He died on 12 June 1985. Actress Manju Pillai is his granddaughter.
Awards.
Kerala State Film Awards:

</doc>
<doc id="31182295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182295" title="Bernt Støylen">
Bernt Støylen

Bernt Støylen (1858 – 1937) was a Norwegian psalmist and Lutheran bishop, born in Sande. He was the father of Kaare Støylen.
Støylen served as bishop of the Diocese of Agder from 1914 to 1930. He published a series of readers for primary school, "Lesebok for folkeskulen", from 1908 to 1911. He was co-editor of the psalm book "Nynorsk salmebok" together with Peter Hognestad and Anders Hovden.

</doc>
<doc id="31182299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182299" title="Bob Ross (baseball)">
Bob Ross (baseball)

Floyd Robert Ross (born November 2, 1928) is a retired American professional baseball player, a left-handed pitcher who appeared in Major League Baseball for the Washington Senators (1950–1951) and Philadelphia Phillies (1956). He stood tall and weighed .
Ross signed his first pro contract at age 16 with the Brooklyn Dodgers during , the last year of World War II. After five seasons in the Dodger farm system, he was drafted by Washington and had six- and 11-game trials with the 1950 and 1951 Senators. But he failed to stick at the Major League level and spent at least part of each of his 13 professional seasons in the minor leagues. He missed the 1952 and 1953 seasons due to military service during the Korean War. Ross' final MLB trial came at the outset of the 1956 Phillies' season, but he appeared in only three games before being sent back to the minor leagues.
All told, Ross appeared in 20 Major League games, and was winless in two decisions, giving up 55 hits and 38 bases on balls in 47⅔ innings pitched, for a 1.95 walks plus hits per inning pitched. He struck out 29 opposing batters.

</doc>
<doc id="31182307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182307" title="Transgenerational epigenetics">
Transgenerational epigenetics

Epigenetic inheritance is the transmittance of information from one generation to the next that affects the traits of offspring without alteration of the primary structure of DNA (i.e., the sequence of nucleotides) or from environmental cues. The term "epigenetic inheritance" is used to describe both cell–cell and organism–organism information transfer, while transgenerational epigenetics typically refers only to the latter. Although these two levels of epigenetic inheritance are equivalent in unicellular organisms, they may have distinct mechanisms and evolutionary distinctions in multicellular organisms.
Four general categories of epigenetic modification are known: 
For some epigenetically influenced traits, the epigenetic marks can be induced by the environment and some marks are heritable, leading some to view epigenetics as a relaxation of the rejection of soft inheritance of acquired characteristics.
Major controversies in the history of inheritance.
Humans have recognized that traits of the parents are often seen in offspring. This insight led to the practical application of selective breeding of plants and animals, eventually leading to domestication, but did not address the central question of inheritance: how are these traits conserved between generations, and what causes variation?
Blending vs. particulate inheritance.
Addressing these related questions, scientists during the time of the Enlightenment largely argued for the blending hypothesis, in which parental traits were homogenized in the offspring much like buckets of different colored paint being mixed together. Critics of Charles Darwin's "On the Origin of Species", pointed out that under this scheme of inheritance, variation would quickly be swamped by the majority phenotype. In the paint bucket analogy, this would be seen by mixing two colors together and then mixing the resulting color with only one of the parent colors 20 times; the rare variant color would quickly fade.
Unknown to most of the European scientific community, a monk by the name of Gregor Mendel had resolved the question of how traits are conserved between generations through breeding experiments with pea plants. Charles Darwin thus did not know of Mendel's proposed "particulate inheritance" in which traits were not blended but passed to offspring in discrete units that we now call genes. Darwin came to reject the blending hypothesis even though his ideas and Mendel's were not unified until the 1930s, a period referred to as the Modern synthesis.
Inheritance of innate vs. acquired characteristics.
In his 1809 book, "Philosophie Zoologique", Jean-Baptiste Lamarck recognized that each species experiences a unique set of challenges due to its form and environment. Thus, he proposed that the characters used most often would accumulate a "nervous fluid." Such acquired accumulations would then be transmitted to the individual’s offspring. In modern terms, a nervous fluid transmitted to offspring would be a form of epigenetic inheritance.
Lamarckism, as this body of thought became known, was the standard explanation for change in species over time when Charles Darwin and Alfred Russel Wallace co-proposed a theory of evolution by natural selection in 1859. Responding to Darwin and Wallace's theory, a revised neo-Lamarckism attracted a small following of biologists, though the Lamarckian zeal was quenched in large part due to Weismann’s famous experiment in which he cut off the tails of mice over several successive generations without having any effect on tail length. Thus the emergent consensus that acquired characteristics could not be inherited became canon.
Origin of epigenetics and revision of the modern synthesis.
Non-genetic variation and inheritance, however, proved to be quite common. Concurrent to the Modern Synthesis (unifying Mendelian genetics and natural selection), C. H. Waddington was working to unify developmental biology and genetics. In so doing, he coined the word "epigenetic" to represent the ordered differentiation of embryonic cells into functionally distinct cell types despite having identical primary structure of their DNA. Waddington’s epigenetics was sporadically discussed, becoming more of a catch-all for puzzling non-genetic heritable characters rather than advancing the body of inquiry. Consequently, the definition of Waddington’s word has itself evolved, broadening beyond the subset of developmentally signaled, inherited cell specialization.
Some scientists have questioned if inheritance compromises the foundation of the modern synthesis. Outlining the Central Dogma of Molecular Biology, Francis Crick succinctly stated, "DNA is held in a configuration by histoneso that it can act as a passive template for the simultaneous synthesis of RNA and protein[s. "None" of the detailed "information" is in the histone (italic added for emphasis). However, he closes the article stating, "this scheme "explains the majority" of the present experimental results!" (italic added for emphasis). Indeed the emergence of epigenetic inheritance (in addition to advances in the study of evolutionary-development, phenotypic plasticity, evolvability, and systems biology) has strained the current framework of the Modern Synthesis and prompted the re-examination of previously dismissed evolutionary mechanisms.
Origin and inheritance of epigenes.
"See main article: Epigenetics"
Epigenetic variation may take one of four general forms. Others may yet be elucidated, but currently self-sustaining feedback loops, spatial templating, chromatin marking, and RNA-mediated pathways modify epigenes at the level of individual cells. Epigenetic variation within multicellular organisms may be endogenous, generated by cell–cell signaling (e.g. during cell differentiation early in development), or exogenous, a cellular response to environmental cues.
Removal vs. retention of epigenetic marks.
In sexually reproducing organisms, much of the epigenetic modification within cells is reset during meiosis (e.g. marks at the FLC locus controlling plant vernalization), though some epigenetic responses have been shown to be conserved (e.g. transposon methylation in plants). Differential inheritance of epigenetic marks due to underlying maternal or paternal biases in removal or retention mechanisms may lead to the assignment of epigenetic causation to some parent of origin effects in animals and plants.
Reprogramming of epigenetic marks.
In mammals, epigenetic marks are erased during two phases of the life cycle. Firstly just after fertilisation and secondly, in the developing primordial germ cells, the precursors to future gametes. During fertilisation the male and female gametes join in different cell cycle states and with different configuration of the genome. The epigenetic marks of the male are rapidly diluted. First, the protamines associated with male DNA are replaced with histones from the female's cytoplasm, most of which are acetylated due to either higher abundance of acetylated histones in the female's cytoplasm or through preferential binding of the male DNA to acetylated histones. Second, male DNA is systematically demethylated in many organisms, possibly through 5-hydroxymethylcytosine. However, some epigenetic marks, particularly maternal DNA methylation, can escape this reprogramming.
In the primordial germ cells (PGC) there is a more extensive erasure of epigenetic information. However, some rare sites can also evade erasure of DNA methylation. If epigenetic marks evade erasure during both zygotic and PGC reprogramming events, this could enable transgenerational epigenetic inheritance.
Recognition of the importance of epigenetic programming to the establishment and fixation of cell line identity during early embryogenesis has recently stimulated interest in artificial removal of epigenetic programming. Epigenetic manipulations may allow for restoration of totipotency in stem cells or cells more generally, thus generalizing regenerative medicine.
Retention of epigenetic marks.
Cellular mechanisms may allow for co-transmission of some epigenetic marks. During replication, DNA polymerases working on the leading and lagging strands are coupled by the DNA processivity factor proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA), which has also been implicated in patterning and strand crosstalk that allows for copy fidelity of epigenetic marks. Work on histone modification copy fidelity has remained in the model phase, but early efforts suggest that modifications of new histones are patterned on those of the old histones and that new and old histones randomly assort between the two daughter DNA strands. With respect to transfer to the next generation, many marks are removed as described above. Emerging studies are finding patterns of epigenetic conservation across generations. For instance, centromeric satellites resist demethylation. The mechanism responsible for this conservation is not known, though some evidence suggests that methylation of histones may contribute.
Decay of epigenetic marks.
Whereas the mutation rate in a given 100 base gene may be 10−7 per generation, epigenes may "mutate" several times per generation or may be fixed for many generations. This raises the question: do changes in epigene frequencies constitute evolution? Rapidly decaying epigenetic effects on phenotypes (i.e. lasting less than three generations) may explain some of the residual variation in phenotypes after genotype and environment are accounted for. However, distinguishing these short-term effects from the effects of the maternal environment on early ontogeny remains a challenge.
Contribution to phenotypes.
The relative importance of genetic and epigenetic inheritance is subject to debate. Though hundreds of examples of epigenetic modification of phenotypes have been published, few studies have been conducted outside of the laboratory setting. Therefore, the interactions of genes and epigenes with the environment cannot be inferred despite the central role of environment in natural selection. Experimental methodologies for manipulating epigenetic mechanisms are nascent (e.g.) and will need rigorous demonstration before studies explicitly testing the relative contributions of genotype, environment, and epigenotype are feasible.
A study has shown childhood abuse (defined in this study as "sexual contact, severe physical abuse and/or severe neglect") leads to epigenetic modifications of glucocorticoid receptor expression which play a role in HPA activity. Animal experiments have shown that epigenetic changes depend on mother-infant interactions after birth. In a recent study investigating correlations among maternal stress in pregnancy and methylation in teenagers and their mothers, it has been found that children of women who were abused during pregnancy were significantly more likely than others to have methylated glucocorticoid-receptor genes, which in turn change the response to stress, leading to a higher susceptibility to anxiety.
Effects on Fitness.
Epigenetic inheritance may only affect fitness if it predictably alters a trait under selection. Evidence has been forwarded that environmental stimuli are important agents in the alteration of epigenes. Ironically, Darwinian evolution may act on these neo-Lamarckian acquired characteristics as well as the cellular mechanisms producing them (e.g. methyltransferase genes).
Epigenetic inheritance may confer a fitness benefit to organisms that deal with environmental changes at intermediate timescales. Short-cycling changes are likely to have DNA-encoded regulatory processes, as the probability of the offspring needing to respond to changes multiple times during their lifespans is high. On the other end, natural selection will act on populations experiencing changes on longer-cycling environmental changes. In these cases, if epigenetic priming of the next generation is deleterious to fitness over most of the interval (e.g. misinformation about the environment), these genotypes and epigenotypes will be lost. For intermediate time cycles, the probability of the offspring encountering a similar environment is sufficiently high without substantial selective pressure on individuals lacking a genetic architecture capable of responding to the environment. Naturally, the absolute lengths of short, intermediate, and long environmental cycles will depend on the trait, the length of epigenetic memory, and the generation time of the organism.
Much of the interpretation of epigenetic fitness effects centers on the hypothesis that epigenes are important contributors to phenotypes, which remains to be resolved.
Deleterious effects.
Inherited epigenetic marks may be important for regulating important components of fitness. In plants, for instance, the "Lcyc" gene in "Linaria vulgaris" controls the symmetry of the flower. Linnaeus first described radially symmetric mutants, which arises when "Lcyc" is heavily methylated. Given the importance of floral shape to pollinators, methylation of "Lcyc" homologues (e.g. "CYCLOIDEA") may have deleterious effects on plant fitness. In animals, numerous studies have shown that inherited epigenetic marks can increase susceptibility to disease. Transgenerational epigenetic influences are also suggested to contribute to disease, especially cancer, in humans. Tumor methylation patterns in gene promotors have been shown to correlate positively with familial history of cancer. Furthermore, methylation of the "MSH2" gene is correlated with early-onset colorectal and endometrial cancers.
Putatively adaptive effects.
Experimentally demethylated seeds of the model organism "Arabidopsis thaliana" have significantly higher mortality, stunted growth, delayed flowering, and lower fruit set, indicating that epigenes may increase fitness. Furthermore, environmentally induced epigenetic responses to stress have been shown to be inherited and positively correlated with fitness. In animals, communal nesting changes mouse behavior increasing parental care regimes and social abilities that are hypothesized to increase offspring survival and access to resources (such as food and mates), respectively.
Macroevolutionary Patterns.
Inherited epigenetic effects on phenotypes have been documented in bacteria, protists, fungi, plants, and animals. Though no systematic study of epigenetic inheritance has been conducted (most focus on model organisms), there is preliminary evidence that this mode of inheritance is more important in plants than in animals. The early differentiation of animal germlines is likely to preclude epigenetic marking occurring later in development, while in plants and fungi somatic cells may be incorporated into the germ line.
Life history patterns may also contribute to the occurrence of epigenetic inheritance. Sessile organisms, those with low dispersal capability, and those with simple behavior may benefit most from conveying information to their offspring via epigenetic pathways. Geographic patterns may also emerge, where highly variable and highly conserved environments might host fewer species with important epigenetic inheritance.

</doc>
<doc id="31182311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182311" title="George Anastasios Magalios">
George Anastasios Magalios

George Anastasios Magalios is a contemporary artist, philosopher, and founder of George Magalios Studios who was born in 1967 in Montreal, Canada. George Anastasios Magalios is a multi-disciplinary visual artist who makes work in fields such as painting, photography, sculpture, and performance art. Magalios is an unusual artist because of his use of unique names and identities for each body of work: George Magalios (The Fall Line painting series), Georges Ducharme (sculpture and installation art), Will Swinburne (performance art), Giorgio Fati (photography), and Jorge Griego (Energy Plan for the Florida Man painting series).
Magalios bases all of his work and thought on the ground palette, a concept and form he has developed from his research into pre-historic cave painting. The ground palette is both a philosophical foundation and an aesthetic way of thinking that attempts to distill language and ideas down to their essences. In articles and various websites Magalios list his influences as Led Zeppelin, Willie Mays, Tim Tebow and his parents, Virginia and Elias Magalios.
He has exhibited in exhibitions in New York, Pittsburgh, San Francisco, and other cities across North America as well as in Athens and across Europe and continues his practice today in West Palm Beach, Florida. 
George Anastasios Magalios writes art theoretical works and art reviews of contemporary and modern art issues. He is a student of the philosophy of Martin Heidegger, Friedrich Nietzsche, and Jean Baudrillard and he incorporates much of the ideas of these thinkers in both his art and his writings. He has presented papers and the College Art Assocication conference in New York (2007) and at the Subtle Technologies Conference in Toronto (2002).
In addition to Montreal, Magalios has lived in Paris, San Francisco, New York, and Pittsburgh. Though he has lived in the United States for most of his life, the artist considers himself a Montrealer, albeit it an exiled one.
Sometimes referring to himself as a “Site-Specific Philosopher”, George Anastasios Magalios is known for his attempt to fuse an aesthetic practice with a personal one based on virtue, truth, and beauty.
Montreal, 1967-1974.
When Magalios was 6 years-old in 1973 he built a cave out of a mountain of snow in his backyard. This experience is considered by the artist to be a formative one and he has since called the work "Snow Womb" and has listed it in various biographies and lists of exhibitions. The artist remembers Montreal winters as being wombs of white and cold comforted by his mother's cooking and his visits to various Greek relatives. Raised in a Greek household, the artist grew up to speak English, Greek, and French and the cosmopolitan cultural environment proved to be a major influence on the artist's political and cultural outlook.
West Palm Beach, 1974-1986.
When Magalios was 7 years-old his family moved to West Palm Beach, Florida. The shift from rich and colorful Montreal to provincial South Florida proved to be a dramatic one. The artist's father signed him up for little league baseball as a way to get initiated into American culture and this game would prove to be a formative experience in his relationship to the United States. Around the age of 8 Magalios's mother had him take painting lessons for the first time. The artist was told by the teacher, an established painter of portraits, that he should "stick to baseball" since his art skills were "limited at best". The artist first remembers painting a clown portrait based on a magazine photo. During his youth, the artist developed a reputation for pranks and athletic prowess on the baseball diamond. 
Around the age of 12 the artist is said to have begun a serious study of the music of Led Zeppelin, a band Magalios often lists as an influence on his work to this day. Soon after George A. Magalios discovered the work of Vincent Van Gogh when his mother bought him his first art book, a retrospective of the painter’s work that the artist is said to still own and refer to for inspiration today.
At Cardinal Newman High School Magalios hovered between athlete and artist and developed a reputation that defied easy classification because of his ability to hit a fastball 400 feet and appreciate the nuances of The Smiths, The Church, R.E.M. and Echo and the Bunnymen.
Gainesville, 1986-1989.
Upon graduating from high school Magalios attended the University of Florida where he began to study political theory and art history. It was during this time in Gainesville that he began to paint more seriously as he undertook a series of oils on canvas depicting the chromatic tendencies of the human face as it responded to various emotional stimuli. It is believed that only three of theses paintings are extant.
It was at the University of Florida where Magalios first developed a reputation as a womanizer and ardent defender of the sublime in art. His reputation for behaviour that often blurs the line between performance art and machismo theatrics, was solidified when he challenged one of his art history professors to a fistfight in front of an auditorium of 200 students after the professor purportedly called the work of Egon Schiele “overrated”.
Montreal, 1989-1992.
In 1988, while still at the University of Florida, Magalios decided to move back to his native Montreal and take a year-long break from studies. Arriving in 1989 Magalios began a series of black and white semi-figurative paintings on masonite panels and ink drawings on paper. None of the paintings are believed to be still in existence as the artist has never mentioned them in any of his lists of works. 
In 1990, Magalios painted the first, of what would continue to be his most important series of Autumn-themed paintings. The work was a red-orange series of “leaves” on multiple 2x4 studs of wood that were individually screwed into a wall to become both a sculptural and painterly work. 
In 1991 Magalios began site-specific installations that consisted of assemblages of street trash from his Plateau Mont-Royal neighborhood. The assemblages would take the form of traditional Hindu Siva-Sakti lingam sculptures. This return to sculpture was inspired, in part, by a sense of existential homecoming the artist felt after living away from Montreal for 15 years. It was during the same year that the artist returned to complete his Bachelor’s Degree at Concordia University. While there he was introduced to the work of Friedrich Nietzsche and Jean Baudrillard, two thinkers who would play a strong role in forming Magalios’s vision of the world that combined a penchant for a critical approach to perception and politics with an affirmation of the light and darkness of living.
San Francisco, 1992-1997.
In 1992 Magalios moved to San Francisco and was instantly influenced by the dramatic landscapes of the Pacific Coast and the Sierra Nevada, as well as by the atmosphere of kindness, friendship, and creativity in the Bay area. During this period he devoted himself almost exclusively to a series of guerilla site-specific installation works in both rural and urban settings. The works were often ephemeral in nature and largely influenced by artists such as Richard Long and Andy Goldsworthy. He also continued experimenting with a series of paintings on cardboard and canvas that explored a minimal use of painterly brush strokes in the earth colors of the ground palette. 
In 1993 George Magalios enrolled in the Master’s program of the Interdisciplinary Humanities Department at San Francisco State University. He would write his thesis on the views of art and technology held by Joseph Beuys and Martin Heidegger. The thesis, entitled “Site-Specific Philosophy”, was an attempt to craft a philosophical way of thinking and living using the paradigms of installation-based sculpture. The thesis was well received and continues to be a foundation for much of the artist’s writings.
New York, 1997-1998.
After receiving his Master’s Degree Magalios moved to New York in 1998 to pursue a PhD in cultural theory at the New School for Social Research. He dropped out during the first day of classes after experiencing an epiphany on the streets of Greenwich Village. The vision was one of a life of art-making instead of a life of teaching and writing about art. It would prove to be a life-altering moment that allowed Magalios to fully embrace the art practice fully as a way of life rather than a way of theory. 
New York would also prove to be an important home for George Magalios as he often mentions the importance of seeing so many important exhibitions and works by his heroes first hand. The Robert Rauschenberg retrospective at the Guggenheim Museum in 1997 and the Matisse collection at the Museum of Modern art are two examples frequently cited as poignant discoveries.
Pittsburgh, 1998-2005.
In 1998 George A. Magalios began studies in the MFA program at Carnegie Mellon University’s School of Art, upon a recommendation from Arthur Kroker, a former professor at Concordia University. While at Carnegie Mellon he met Bill Kofmehl and began a series of performance and installation works that explored concepts such as hunting, nature, and technology’s influence on perception. 
It was in Pittsburgh where the artist further refined The Fall Line series of paintings and completed a separate, yet related, group of works called “Ground Palette Details”, that were pictorial riffs of the ground palette form. The time in Pittsburgh was filled with wild experimentation for George Magalios. It included forays into video art, digital media, and stand-up comedy.

</doc>
<doc id="31182314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182314" title="Gary Rader">
Gary Rader

Gary Eugene Rader (January 14, 1944 – November 1973) was an American Army Reservist known for burning his draft card in protest of the Vietnam War, while wearing his U.S. Army Special Forces uniform. Afterward, he engaged in anti-war activism.
Background.
Upon turning 18, Rader registered for the draft, and received his draft card from the Selective Service System. He entered Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois, as an undergraduate student of political science. His status as a college student deferred his being drafted into the military. Upon leaving college, in mid-1965 he was re-classified as 1A: available for unrestricted military duty. He signed up for the U.S. Army Reserve, then trained for the Army Special Forces, commonly known as the Green Berets. Of this elite formation, Rader said, "I wanted to see what the best was like." Reading "Ramparts" magazine in February 1966, he was struck by an article, "The whole thing was a lie!", from ex-Green Beret Master Sergeant Donald Duncan who turned down a field commission to the rank of captain and left the Army. Duncan wrote that a majority of South Vietnamese citizens were in favor of North Vietnamese politics, or against Saigon politics, or both. After realizing this, Duncan said he "had to accept also that the position, 'We are in Vietnam because we are in sympathy with the aspirations and desires of the Vietnamese people,' was a lie." Duncan did not think the U.S. should be a part of Vietnam's political disputes, and he opined that "anti-communism is a lousy substitute for democracy." He wrote that the U.S. should get out of Vietnam and let them decide their own fate, even though he felt that a united Vietnam would not be better off "under Ho's brand of communism."
Rader went on active duty in September 1966 and was sent to Fort Bragg in North Carolina; the home of the regular Army Special Forces. Rader said that he spoke to Green Beret soldiers returning from Vietnam and that they reported similar experiences to Duncan's. The responses these soldiers gave were ones Rader classified as belonging primarily to two groups: one group saying they were following orders and the other group saying the Vietnamese did not know what was best for them, that they needed to be "trained". A much smaller group said that the war was wrong and that they would refuse to go back. Rader finished active duty in mid-January 1967 "thoroughly disgusted with the Army".
Before his active Army Reserve assignment, Rader had been developing with Kenneth Janda at Northwestern a computerized notification system. In January 1967 the two men's work was published as a report on "a computerized system for automatically notifying social scientists of new journal articles", ones in their area of interest.
Draft-card burning.
Frustrated with his Army experiences in February and March, on April 14, 1967, Rader heard about a large anti-war protest which was to take place the next day in New York City. He contacted the leader of the student protesters coming from Cornell University and said he would join them. At Sheep Meadow, Central Park, wearing his Green Beret uniform covered by a black ski jacket, he assembled with the group of draft card burners and their friends. At around 11:30 am after 60 men began burning their cards, he removed his jacket, placed his beret on his head "at the correct angle", and burned his draft card.
A large number of people were attending or watching this rally, including anti-war activist Abbie Hoffman, New York City policemen, FBI men, newsreel cameramen, reporters, photographers and passers-by. "Time" magazine estimated 75 total cards burnt; however, participant Martin Jezer wrote that there were about 158 in all.
On April 17, he wrote a letter of resignation to his company commander. The 23-year-old Rader was arrested by FBI agents several days later at his home in Evanston. He was held in a Chicago prison cell overnight and released on bail the next day. Penalties he faced included up to five years in prison, up to $10,000 fine, and an additional six-months in jail for wearing his uniform without approval. Of the Sheep Meadow draft-card burners, only Rader was charged with the federal crime. Most of the others, according to Jezer who burned his own card at the rally, were visited by FBI agents but not charged. Rader was arraigned on April 28; seven men burned their draft cards at his arraignment.
In May 1967 in response to the Sheep Meadow demonstration, 56-year-old anarchist intellectual Paul Goodman published a piece in "The New York Review of Books" sympathetic to draft-card burning. The editors printed a handful of responses, including one from Rader who described his motivation for the act. Writing five months after being arrested, he expected that it was not likely that he would be tried for burning his draft card: "the Army does not like to court-martial in the glare of publicity."
Chicago draft resistance.
Rader determined that he would devote his time to working against the draft and against U.S. military involvement in Vietnam. For "Liberation" magazine he wrote about his plans: "We are no longer interested in merely protesting the war; we are out to stop it." In September 1967 with anti-war activist David F. Greenberg, he founded Chicago Area Draft Resisters (CADRE), an organization with links to the national protest movement. In association with the National Mobilization Committee to End the War in Vietnam (The Mobe), Rader helped organize the "March on the Pentagon" held on October 21, 1967. For this rally, Rader worked with Abbie Hoffman, David Dellinger, Jerry Rubin, William Francis Pepper, Carl Davidson of Students for a Democratic Society, Professor Robert Greenblatt of The Mobe, Lincoln Lynch of the Congress of Racial Equality, and Amy Swerdlow of Women Strike for Peace (WSP). Rader stood up and spoke at the March on the Pentagon; Norman Mailer described the speech he gave as being "thought by many to be the best hour of them all." Rader was arrested and put in jail with other protesters. There, he took part in a hunger strike, and was fed intravenously by prison personnel.
Rader wrote letters and made public appearances in support of CADRE. In December 1967, he took part in an interview which was broadcast on WAMU, the second part of a series on the Vietnam War; the first part's interview subject had been General William Westmoreland. He wrote a letter seeking funds for CADRE from readers of "The Movement", a publication of the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee. He wrote to WSP to ask for bail donations and legal defense resources, urging the women to "get behind this fine group of young idealists, working not for themselves, but for the future of the race."
CADRE printed original articles as well as reprints of other articles, and made the literature available to young people in the Chicago metropolitan area. CADRE raised funds to bail out any imprisoned for draft resistance, and established a pool of lawyers willing to take such cases. Rader moved to New York in February 1968 but he continued to work for the cause of war resistance. CADRE helped organize Chicago area activities for March 1968 including a week of protest and a day of civil disobedience. During the 1968 Democratic National Convention, CADRE was present at protests outside of the convention. The organization faded after 1973 when President Richard Nixon abolished the draft, and by 1974 or '75, CADRE ceased operation.
Rader's CADRE partner Greenberg had been a member of The Mobe, and in 1967 he wrote a monograph for CADRE: "Vietnam and the draft". Later he earned a Ph.D. in high-energy physics, then became interested in crime and society. Greenberg is currently a sociology professor at New York University and has published several books. After Rader committed suicide in a Boston psychiatric hospital in November 1973, Greenberg dedicated his 1993 book to him as well as to German Green Party founder Petra Kelly who died in 1992 and prisoner rights activist Fay Stender who died in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="31182324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182324" title="2011 UCI Para-cycling Track World Championships">
2011 UCI Para-cycling Track World Championships

The 2011 UCI Para-cycling Track World Championships were the World Championships for track cycling where athletes with a physical disability competed in 2011. The Championships took place at the Montichiari Velodrome in Montichiari, Italy from 11 to 13 March 2011.
Participating nations.
27 nations participated.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="31182328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182328" title="Slate Creek">
Slate Creek

Slate Creek may refer to a waterway in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="31182348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182348" title="Amadeo Theatre and Music Company">
Amadeo Theatre and Music Company

Amadeo Theatre and Music Company started its activities in the summer of 2000 in the atrium of the Croatian Natural History Museum at Upper Town in Zagreb, Croatia. Between 1797 and 1834, that same building was the founding place of the first Croatian public theatre called Amadeo's theatre, named after its founder, the Hungarian count Anton Amade de Varkony, who was also a notable county prefect of Zagreb. In the period between 2006 and 2009, the company was placed in the Museum of Arts and Crafts, Zagreb. In the summer of 2010, it relocated back to the atrium of the Croatian Natural History Museum. 
Amadeo Theatre and Music Company is the only polyvalent summer scene in Zagreb with its program going on from July until September. Overall, during one summer there are about 50 plays, concerts and film events with the participation of renowned Croatian and foreign artists.
Programme.
The programme of Amadeo Theatre and Music Company consists of a musical and a theatrical part. In the musical part, Amadeo houses classical music concerts, with great emphasis on the participation of young talented musicians, jazz, world music and popular music. In the theatrical part, there are premieres and re-runs of chamber plays, ballet, monodrama and stand-up comedy. 
Besides the main program, Amadeo Theatre and Music Company runs theatrical program for pre-school and primary school children called 'Little Amadeo', and the alternative stage dedicated to unconventional and amateur art forms called 'Amadeoff Festival'.
Other programs.
In the seasons from 2002 until 2005, 12 works of Croatian contemporary composers have been premiered.
In the seasons of 2001 and 2007 Amadeo has displayed a range of movies from the Motovun Film Festival.
From the season of 2006 up until today, Amadeo arranges performances of works by Croatian composers presented by chamber bands and orchestras.
From the season of 2007 up until today, Amadeo has been cooperating with the Jewish Community of Zagreb within the program of the Israel week.
In the season of 2010, Amadeo has displayed a range of movies from the Pula Film Festival.
Projects.
Situated in the historic site of the Croatian Natural History Museum, Amadeo Theatre and Music Company has given a number of contributions to its revitalization. 
In 2001, on the facade of the building of the Croatian Natural History Museum in Zagreb, Amadeo Theatre and Music Company revealed a memorial with a historic bilingual name from the beginning of the 19th century: Kazaliscna Vulicza – Theater Gasse (Theatre Street). 
In 2003, Amadeo Theatre and Music Company refurbishes the derelict atrium of the Croatian Natural History Museum guided by the idea of the museum adviser Jakov Radovcic. The “Kamenopisna karta Hrvatske” (a map of Croatia made out of stone tiles) dominates in the newly refurbished atrium. The map is made out of 2500 stone tiles of Croatian stone, collected in situ from all over Croatia, and the atrium itself is covered in characteristic Croatian stone. There is also a unique geological pillar in the atrium, floor and side illumination by the idea of maestro Ivo Pogorelic.
Programme board.
The founders of the Amadeo Theatre and Music Company are: Nenad Jandric, Rada Vnuk, Zvonimir Zoricic, Bozidar Oreskovic (1942–2010), Neven Franges and August Faulend Heferer. 
Today, Program board of the Amadeo Theatre and Music Company has the following members: Nenad Jandric (director), Rada Vnuk, Jakov Jandric, August Faulend Hefere and Izabela Simunovic (1970–2010).

</doc>
<doc id="31182361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182361" title="Textile Engineering College, Chittagong">
Textile Engineering College, Chittagong

The Textile Engineering College,Chittagong (চট্টগ্রাম টেক্সটাইল ইঞ্জিনিয়ারিং কলেজ) is a college in Bangladesh, offering a Bachelor degree in textile engineering. It is by the side of old Dhaka Trunk road which passed through the Zorargonj, Mirsarai, Chittagong.
Location.
It is situated by the side of the old Dhaka Trunk road which passed through the Zorargonj, Mirsarai, Chittagong. Zorargonj is a Thana with natural beauty under Mirsarai Upa-Zilla of Chittagong district.
History.
The college was established in 1911 and moved to its current location in 1960. A three-year textile engineering course was set up in 1994 which was superseded by a four-year Bachelor of Science course in textile engineering in the 2006-2007 session. It was declared as a college on 13 January 2006.
The college provides textile education. The Textile Engineering College operates under the administrative control of the Department of Textiles of the Ministry of Textile & Jute.
It was established in 1911 as a weaving school, which was the result of "Shawdeshi Andullon" during the British regime. It was transferred to the entry point of Mohuri Project Road in 1960. In 1980 the courses of the weaving school were up-graded to 2-year certificate course in textile technology, which was named as District Textile Institute.
In 1994 a 3-year Diploma course was introduced in the institution under the Bangladesh Technical Education Board. The duration of the course was extended to 4 years from 2001.
The government has introduced a 4-year Bachelor of Science in Textile Engineering affiliated to the University of Chittagong, abolishing the Textile Diploma Course from the session 2006-2007. From the 2012-2013 session the college was affiliated with Bangladesh University of Textiles.
Courses.
Textile Engineering College, Chittagong is offering B.Sc. in Textile Engineering course with specialization in
Course content.
The four-year course covers general scientific and technical subjects such as physics, mathematics, and chemistry; engineering and technology subjects including computing;electrical and electronics;polymer science English language; textile-related subjects; and business-oriented subjects such as accounting, marketing, and management.
Admission.
Admission to the Textile Engineering College is competitive and needs a high academic attainment at the S.S.C and H.S.C levels. Selection of the student for admission is made through admission test of 200 marks and GPA of S.S.C & H.S.C.
Facilities.
Practical sheds, workshops and laboratories of the College are:
The Yarn Manufacturing Laboratory provides practical knowledge regarding the blow room section, carding machine, combing machine, ring frame, roving frame, automatic yearn texturing m/c (Reyter).
The Jute Lab is equipped with OD batch mixer, Breaker Card, Finisher Card, Drawing( 1-4), Spinning frame, winding machine for jute and machines needed for jute processing from fiber to sacks.
The Weaving Laboratory has the facility to weave cotton, synthetic and jute fabrics including tappet, dobby and jacquard loom, hand operated loom, ordinary power loom, automatic power loom and modern loom with CAD system. Modern looms include air-jet & rapier loom.
The Knitting Laboratory is equipped with Weft and Warp knitting machinery. Weft knitting machines include circular (single jersey, double jersey, rib, jacquard) flat knitting machine & V-bed machine.
Wet Processing Laboratory is equipped with sample dyeing, sample printing and washing machine,gas singeing machine, thermosol machine, jigger dyeing machine, hydro extractor machine, screen printing machine, screen preparation unit, squeezer machine, data color machine. ege.
The Garments Manufacturing Laboratoryis equipped with cutting, sewing and finishing machinery.
Testing and Quality Control Lab has equipment needed to test the fiber, fabric, color fastness, and garments
Accommodation.
There are two hostels for male students, one of them is under construction. There is a hostel for female students.
Library.
The college has a collection of technical and non-technical books. Library access is open to teachers, students and staff
Counseling and career service.
There is a co-ordination teacher for each year who looks after the students affairs.
Medical service.
The medical services include a medical center with one full-time doctor and a medical assistant. The students are examined free of cost.
Stipend.
Sixty percent of the total students will get stipend on the basis of merit at the rate of Tk. 150/= per month & 1000/= for purchase of books per year from the project.

</doc>
<doc id="31182366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182366" title="Carlos A. Rivera">
Carlos A. Rivera

Carlos A. Rivera (born July 3, 1987) is an Argentine art dealer based in Los Angeles, California. He is a graduate from both the University of Southern California's School of Cinematic Arts and the Marshall School of Business. He founded RIVERA & RIVERA, a contemporary art gallery headquartered in West Hollywood, California, at the age of 22. He closed the gallery in December of 2012 to head an emerging art fund. Inspired by algo trading, Rivera brought on a financial engineer and data scientist to model the trajectory of several thousand emerging artists. After the fund's horizon, Rivera began publicly publishing the results of the emerging art algorithm on a website first branded as SellYouLater and shortly thereafter relaunched as ArtRank. 
Career.
Rivera has mounted and curated several prescient exhibitions:
In the years 2009, 2010 and 2011, Rivera, his gallery, and its exhibited and represented artists were featured in the "The Los Angeles Times", "New York Magazine", "USA Today", Associated Press, "Juxtapoz", "Esquire Magazine", "Complex Magazine", "The Economist", "Variety", "Financial Times", Bloomberg, NPR, "The Huffington Post", and "Wired Magazine".
Personal life.
Rivera is actively involved with various arts-based philanthropies including LACMA's Modern and Contemporary Art Council, LAXART's Curator Council, and MOCA's Contemporaries.
Aside from his work in the arts, Rivera is a master scuba diver, single engine pilot and avid cyclist. As a professional cross-discipline cyclist at the age of 18, Rivera won both a Texas state time trial championship in the road cycling discipline and a twenty four hour endurance mountain biking title.

</doc>
<doc id="31182395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182395" title="Arthur Lee (sculptor)">
Arthur Lee (sculptor)

Arthur Lee (May 4, 1881–1961) was an American sculptor, born in Trondheim, Norway. His family immigrated to the United States in 1888, settling in St. Paul, Minnesota. He studied at the Art Students League in New York before returning to Europe to study the École des Beaux-Arts in Paris, as well as in Rome and London.
He was one of the more conservative artists who exhibited at the Armory Show in 1913 where he displayed eight drawings and sculptures and was one of a dozen sculptors invited to compete in the Pioneer Woman statue competition in 1927.
Lee was a member of the National Sculpture Society and the National Academy of Design. He died in 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="31182421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182421" title="Kaare Støylen">
Kaare Støylen

Kaare Støylen (1909 – 1989) was a Norwegian Lutheran bishop, born in Kristiania. He was the son of Bernt Støylen.
Støylen served as bishop of the Diocese of Agder from 1958 to 1973, and bishop of the Diocese of Oslo from 1973 to 1977. He was decorated Commander with Star of the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="31182426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182426" title="Battle of Mir (1812)">
Battle of Mir (1812)

The Battle of Mir took place on 9 and 10 July 1812 during Napoleon's invasion of Russia. Three Polish Lancers divisions battled against Russian cavalry, ending in the first major Russian victory in the French invasion of Russia.
Russian general Matvei Platov had eight Cossack regiments and two Don batteries deployed south of the village of Mir, when one brigade of the Polish Fourth Light Cavalry attacked his advance posts, numbering about 100 men. These advance posts had the dual job of both observation and sentry duty, and to entice the enemy to attack; ambushes of a hundred men each were set up farther down the road to Mir, on either side of it. The Polish general Alexander Rosniecki's forces clashed with Russian Alexander Vasilchikov's cavalry, resulting in hand-to-hand combat with fairly even losses. Followed by Uhlans, they swept through the village, attacking Platov's main force. A third Polish brigade attempting to join the fight was encircled and broken by Cossacks, after which the entire Polish force gave ground, driven back with the aid of Russian Hussars. After the arrival of Vasilchikov's Akhtyrka Hussars, Dragoons, and other reinforcements, the battle raged for six hours, shifting to the nearby village of Simiakovo. Platov defeated the enemy there, and moved on to Mir, where he inflicted further losses on the enemy before tactically withdrawing. A complete rout was only averted by Tyszkiewicz's brigade, which covered the Polish retreat.
After retreating from Mir, the castle there was destroyed with gunpowder. The town of Mir and fort ruins were used as a headquarters by Jérôme Bonaparte, on his way to Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="31182449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182449" title="Philip Levine (entrepreneur)">
Philip Levine (entrepreneur)

Philip Levine is a British entrepreneur, trendsetter and artist. He is known for his unique head designs, for which he has coined the term baldazzling.
Career.
Philip Levine started using his head as a canvas for creativity back in 2006 when he began to go bald. He did not want to conform to shaving his head like everyone else so started using it as an art form to express. Philip’s head designs have now become iconic around the world in the fashion and art scenes.
Levine teamed up with professional body painter Kat Sinclair, who has created a myriad of designs that have ranged from his 1000 Swarovski crystal headpiece, to homages of artists such as Roy Lichtenstein and Hokusai. Philip brokered a collaboration with Gillette, who are supporting his debut exhibition in a prestigious London gallery in May 2011. He was an exhibit during the Friday Late evening at the V&A on 25 March 2011 where he was displayed on a plinth with his crystal head design.
Philip has worked for organisations such as Art Below and worked as a Cultural Attaché for the The Embassy of the Kingdom of the Netherlands in the United Kingdom.
Levine went on to co-found Two Penny Blue, with Dan Johnston and Mark Goddard, a creative agency dealing in brand, sponsorship and business development, production coordination and event organisation. He is also co-founder of the collective Lazy Gramophone in 2003, a couture arts and design label that supports developing artists. He is business developer for innovative ethical fashion designer Ada Zanditon’s. He is also part of The Observer Future 500 2011.
Also famously known as Phil "the terminator" Levine for his strong business sense.
Between January 30 - February 29, 2012. Levine's work was featured at Art Below's first "pop up" billboard show in America in New Orleans Billboard space used normally for advertising featured a mix of urban and contemporary art. A curated selection of 20 billboards flanking the major Mardi Gras parade routes. Running alongside the billboard show was an exhibition of the artists original works at Gallery Orange based in the French Quarter. Scenes and moments from this exhibition was screened on the Art Below web site in April 2012. Levine also featured in Art Below's earlier exhibition Art In Motion. For two weeks from the 11th April 2011, Art Below took over the digital projection screens (2 m high x 3.7m wide) on the Westbound Central line platform at Liverpool Street, to bring you "Art in Motion". Curated by Art Below "Art in Motion" is a series of short films showing different artists actually in the process of creating their own work.

</doc>
<doc id="31182458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182458" title="Gare de Cosne-sur-Loire">
Gare de Cosne-sur-Loire

Cosne-sur-Loire is a railway station in Cosne-Cours-sur-Loire, Bourgogne, France. The station is located on the Moret-Lyon railway. The station is served by Intercités (long distance) and TER (local) services operated by SNCF. 
Train services.
The following services currently call at Cosne-sur-Loire:

</doc>
<doc id="31182459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182459" title="Middlesex Savings Bank">
Middlesex Savings Bank

Middlesex Savings Bank is a Massachusetts bank that started in 1835. It grew through a series of mergers and acquisitions. It took the name "Middlesex Savings Bank" in 1982 with the merger with Natick Five Cents Savings and Middlesex Institution for Savings. The bank moved the headquarters to Natick, Massachusetts to the former Natick Five Cents building. It is now the 2nd largest mutual bank in Massachusetts and the 6th largest in the country. 
History.
The Middlesex Institution for Savings was founded on March 4, 1835 in Concord, Massachusetts. Natick Five Cents Savings Bank was founded in 1859. Medway Savings Bank was founded in 1871.

</doc>
<doc id="31182491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182491" title="Theron Strinden">
Theron Strinden

Theron Strinden (May 26, 1919 – March 3, 2011) was an American politician and businessman from North Dakota.
Born in Litchville, North Dakota, Strinden went to college and then served in the United States Army during World War II. After the war, he returned to Litchville to work in his family's hardware and farm implement business. From 1963 to 1967 and 1969 to 1981, he served in the North Dakota State Senate and was President Pro Tempore of the North Dakota Senate. His younger brother Earl Strinden served in the North Dakota House of Representatives.

</doc>
<doc id="31182493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182493" title="Electricity sector in Spain">
Electricity sector in Spain

The electricity sector in Spain describes electricity in Spain. In 2008 Spain consumed electricity 88% compared to the European Union 15 average. Spain exported about 3% of the produced electricity in 2009. The volume of renewable electricity rose 5% shares of the electricity use in 2009 compared to 2004 and was about 26% of the electricity use in 2009. The share of nuclear power declined notably between 2004 and 2005. The volume of nuclear power pro person has declined smoothly during 2004–2009.
Electricity pro person and by power source.
In 2008, Spanish electricity consumption was an average of 6,523 kWh/person. Spanish electricity usage constituted 88% of the EU15 average (EU15: 7,409 kWh/person), and 73% of the OECD average (8,991 kWh/person). 
Mode of production.
According to IEA the electricity use (gross production + imports − exports − transmission/distribution losses) in Spain was in 2004 253 TWh, (2007) 282 TWh and (2008) 288 TWh, while the use was in 2008 in France 494 TWh and Germany 587 TWh.
Electricity production from natural gas in 2008 was in Spain 122 TWh exceeding in Europe only by Russia 495 TWh, United Kingdom 177 TWh and Italy 173 TWh.
Renewable energy in Spain.
In 2009 Spain produced 13% wind power compare to the use of electricity (794/ 6,145) The wind capacity installed at end 2010 will, in a normal wind year, produce 14.4% of electricity, when the equivalent value for Germany is 9.4%, Portugal 14% and Denmark 24%.

</doc>
<doc id="31182530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182530" title="Kraich Valley Railway">
Kraich Valley Railway

The Kraich Valley Railway () is a branch line in southwestern Germany running from Bruchsal to Menzingen. It is now integrated as line 32 of the Karlsruhe Stadtbahn.
Route.
The Kraich Valley Railway runs from Bruchsal in the Kraichgau. Its name is derived from the Kraichbach stream, whose course it follows from Ubstadt to Gochsheim, as well as the town of Kraichtal, to which all the settlements on the line belong apart from Bruchsal and Ubstadt. It lies entirely within the district of Karlsruhe.
Because the railway line largely follows the aforementioned river valley there are no large structures like tunnels or noteworthy bridges.
History.
Planning and opening of the line.
During the time up to 1874 when the city of Bruchsal became a railway hub, the municipalities along the Kraichbach were interested in obtaining a connection to the railway. Therefore, Bruchsal sought a railway in the Kraichbach valley through the towns of Ubstadt, Unteröwisheim, Oberöwisheim, Münzesheim and Gochsheim to Eppingen. However, the opening of the Kraichgau Railway on the Karlsruhe–Bretten–Eppingen route in 1879 delayed the construction of such a line.
In 1888, Bruchsal took the initiative in 1888 to build, along with the municipalities in the Kraichbach and the Katzbach valleys, a narrow gauge branch line with two branches, separating in Ubstadt. The northern line would run through Odenheim to Elsenz and the southern branch up the Kraichbach valley to Gochsheim.
Originally planned to run only as far as Gochsheim, it was finally decided to extend the line out of the Kraichbach valley to Menzingen. At the same time, it was also decided that the line would be built at standard gauge.
On 5 March 1896, the Kraich Valley Railway was opened together with the Katzbach Railway. The line was initially operated by the "Westdeutsche Eisenbahn-Gesellschaft" (West German Railway Company, WeEG). 
The years under the BLEAG (1898–1931).
In October 1898, the WeEG operations on the Katzbach and the Kraich Valley Railways were transferred to its subsidiary, the "Badische Lokal-Eisenbahnen Aktiengesellschaft" (Baden Local Railway Compan, BLEAG). In the first years of operations, there was a high level of passenger traffic and some growth in freight traffic. The Kraich Valley and the Katzbach Railways were the two most profitable lines operated by BLEAG in the early years of the twentieth century.
After the First World War, both lines were caught in a crisis because BLEAG had run out of funds for the maintenance of its lines. After the district of Karlsruhe agreed to contribute to the funding of various BLEAG routes, the lines were temporarily saved. In subsequent years, normal operations were restored. In 1931, BLEAG had to file for bankruptcy during the Great Depression.
The years under the DEBG (1931–1963).
In the wake of the bankruptcy, both of the BLEAG lines in the Kraich Valley and the Katzbach were taken over by the German Railway Operating Company ("Deutsche Eisenbahn-Betriebs-Gesellschaft", DEBG) on 1 January 1932. DEBG managed to restore operations on the two lines.
It also procured a diesel railcar, which was mainly used on the Kraich Valley Railway, since the most distant part of the Katzbach Railway between Odenheim and Hilsbach were too steep for this vehicle.
The outbreak of the Second World War meant that the passenger numbers increased significantly since private transport was restricted due to the war. Because of the fighting, however, operations had to be closed on 2 April 1945. Unlike the experience of many other rail lines, war damage on the two lines was limited. This allowed operations on the Kraich Valley Railway to be resumed on 7 June 1945.
The steam locomotives and passenger carriages on the line, which were up to fifty years old, were gradually replaced by diesel haulage from the mid-1950s. Thus, in 1955, DEBG operated a diesel locomotive and, in 1956, six diesel railcar formerly owned by Deutsche Bundesbahn and built in 1936 and 1937. However, the DEBG applied on 7 July 1958 to close all of its tracks in southern Germany. This was resisted by the state of Baden-Württemberg, in particular.
The years under the SWEG (1963–1994).
DEBG transferred, with effect from 1 May 1963, both lines to the Südwestdeutsche Verkehrs-Aktiengesellschaft (Southwest German Railway Company, SWEG), which had been founded on 10 December 1962 by the state of Baden-Württemberg to preserve a number of private lines before they were closed. The SWEG sought to modernise the line. Thus, the remaining steam trains were replaced by diesel locomotives after the takeover. It also introduced improvements to the line, which also shortened the travel time significantly. As a result a trip from Bruchsal to Menzingen took only 37 minutes compared to 47 minutes previously.
In 1980, several new factories were established in Gochsheim, which led to a marked increase in freight traffic on the Kraich Valley Railway. The SWEG even had to buy a diesel locomotive to serve this market in 1982.
From October 1981, services were reinforced on the Kraich Valley Railway by class NE 81 diesel multiple units, which had been built by Waggon Union. However, the modernisation of the line by the SWEG did not increase traffic on the line. In the 1980s, the workshop facilities in Menzingen were expanded and modernised at a cost of millions of Deutsche Marks.
In the following years the Kraich Valley Railway was increasingly under threat of closure, as was the outer section of the Katzbach Railway from Odenheim to Hilsbach, which was closed in stages between 1960 and 1986.
Acquisition by the AVG and upgrade for the Karlsruhe Stadtbahn (since 1994).
In order to preserve the line from closure, the Albtal-Verkehrs-Gesellschaft (Alb Valley Transport Company, AVG) took over the line from the SWEG in 1994. Originally it operated the line with class NE 81 diesel multiple units that it had taken over from the SWEG or acquired from Maschinenfabrik Esslingen. Initially the AVG services was operated under the most recent timetable of the SWEG, six months later improvements were made that resulted in a regular interval timetable, which had not previously existed. As part of the founding of the Karlsruher Verkehrsverbund (Karlsruhe Transport Association, KVV), the service on the Katzbach Railway was named line R 32.
At the same time as the line was acquired by AVG, it was decided to upgrade the line to Stadtbahn standards. This included, among other things, the modernisation and electrification of the line and the construction of new stations. In March 1996, the Kraich Valley Railway and Katzbach Railway celebrated the centennial of the two lines. At this time, the Bruchsal–Ubstadt Ort section was already electrified, so Stadtbahn sets were operated between Bruchsal and Ubstadt as part of the celebrations.
In September 1996, the Kraich Valley Railway was finally incorporated into the operations of the Karlsruhe Stadtbahn. The Karlsruhe Stadtbahn line S 3, which has operated since 1994 from Karlsruhe Central Station to Bruchsal, was extended to Menzingen at the end of the Kraich Valley Railway. In preparation, the station platforms were raised and some of the station crossing loops were extended. In addition, a total of four new stations were established at Bruchsal Schlossgarten, Bruchsal Stegwiesen, Ubstadt Salzbrunnenstr. and Unteröwisheim Martin-Luther-Str.
At the opening of the Rhine-Neckar S-Bahn at the end of 2003, the Mannheim–Karlsruhe section of the Rhine Valley Railway was integrated into the S-Bahn network and has since been called line S 3. To avoid confusion, the former line S 3 serving the Kraich Valley Railway was renamed line S 32 at the same time. Gochsheim station was rebuilt with a crossing loop at the same time.
Operations.
General.
Crossing opportunities exist in Ubstadt Ort and in the stations of Unteröwisheim, Münzesheim, Gochsheim and Menzingen, although these are rarely used in Unteröwisheim. The stations of Bruchsal, Münzesheim and Gochsheim have a platform height of 55 cm, the others are 38 cm high.
Gochsheim station building was demolished around 2000 during the construction of the crossing loop at the station. The same happened at Menzingen. Only the station building of Oberöwisheim still exists and it is now used as a residence.
Timetable.
Services on the line are integrated as part of line S 32 (Menzingen–Bruchsal–Karlsruhe–Achern) of the Karlsruhe Stadtbahn betwork. It is operated at peak times at 20-minute intervals, otherwise, there are services at least hourly.
Services run through Karlsruhe Central Station (Hauptbahnhof) to Baden-Baden and Achern or to Freudenstadt over the Murg Valley Railway. The trains to the Murg Valley change their line designation in Ubstadt Ort station to line S 31, since this designation covers services on the Bruchsal–Freudenstadt route, whereas the designation S 32 applies to services to Achern. It is operated by dual-system Stadtbahn vehicles of the AVG.
Services running to Freudenstadt only use the AVG’s GT8-100D/2S-M vehicles (numbered 837 to 922 and allowing level access at their central doors to 55 cm high platforms), since only they are allowed to operate over the steep route between Baiersbronn and Freudenstadt.
Freight.
On the Kraich Valley Railway freight traffic runs to Gochsheim. The local freight siding branches off the line about five hundred metres west of the station. Another freight siding exists at Münzesheim Ost. The siding in Unteröwisheim is now closed. Until the conversion to Stadtbahn operations, Oberöwisheim station also had a freight siding, but this has now been removed.
The freight traffic is hauled by AVG diesel locomotives 462 and 464, which were built by Maschinenbau Kiel. Locomotive 462 was originally owned by the SWEG and was taken over by the AVG with its takeover of the line. During the time of the SWEG it had the number of 101 and sometimes it was also hauled passenger trains.
Buses.
Along the Kraich Valley Railway there are four short bus routes connecting localities to the railway: line 135 Oberöwisheim–Neuenbürg, line 136 Münzesheim–Oberacker, line 137 Bahnbrücken station–Bahnbrücken Ort and line 138 Menzingen–Landshausen.

</doc>
<doc id="31182548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182548" title="1995–96 Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball team">
1995–96 Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball team

The 1995–96 Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball team represented the University of Illinois.
Regular season.
After advancing to the NCAA Tournament in 1994-95, Illinois extended its run on postseason play with a berth in the 1996 NIT. The Illini started the 1995-96 season 11-1 before losing Kiwane Garris to injury. Without its leader, the Illini dropped its first five Big Ten games. Garris returned, but was never 100 percent and junior forward Jerry Hester missed games with a severely sprained ankle. The Illini finished the 1996 season 18-13 overall, 7-11 in the Big Ten. But more importantly the 1996 season marked the end of the most successful era in Illinois basketball when Lou Henson announced his retirement before the end of the season. In his 21 years at Illinois, Henson notched 423 victories and guided the Illini to 11 NCAA Tournament appearances. The Okay, Oklahoma native coached Illinois to 11, 20-win seasons and finished his career as the third winningest coach in Big Ten history with 214 league victories.
Schedule.
Source 
 
!colspan=9| Regular Season
 
!colspan=9| National Invitation Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="31182569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182569" title="Roger de Lafforest">
Roger de Lafforest

Roger de Lafforest, born January 11, 1905 and died November 16, 1998, was a French writer. Lafforest has titles published and re-editions since 1927 in Czech, English, French, Portuguese, Slovak and Spanish. He was bestowed with the "Prix Interallié", a French award of literature in 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="31182570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182570" title="Turkish Women's Cup Basketball">
Turkish Women's Cup Basketball

The Turkish Cup (Turkish: "Basketbol Kadınlar Türkiye Kupası") is a basketball cup competition in Turkish basketball, run by the Turkish Basketball Federation since 1992. Its current sponsored name is the Spor Toto Turkish Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="31182576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182576" title="Wilshire Federal Building">
Wilshire Federal Building

The Wilshire Federal Building is an office building in Los Angeles, located on Wilshire and Sepulveda Boulevards in the area of Sawtelle. Many of Los Angeles’ federal offices are located in this building. The building actually is not located on municipal Los Angeles land, but in a small (), unincorporated area of Los Angeles county enclosed by the city, known as unincorporated Sawtelle. 
It was begun in 1968 and completed in 1969. It is 79 meters (259.1832 ft) high.
The building is often the site of protests and demonstrations. For example, during the Iranian Revolution, the Federal Building was the scene of demonstrations both supporting the Revolution and supporting the Shah. 

</doc>
<doc id="31182580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182580" title="Columbia High School (Decatur, Georgia)">
Columbia High School (Decatur, Georgia)

Columbia High School (CHS) is a four-year public high school located in Decatur, Georgia that opened in 1966. The schools motto is "Students are our Business". In 1992, the Mathematics, Science and Technology Magnet Programs was established at Columbia, which gave students in the Metro Atlanta area an opportunity to have a more focused based education in the Math, Science and Technology areas.
Columbia High School neighbors Southwest Dekalb High School, Towers High School and McNair High School. The school's mascot is the Eagles and the colors are orange and blue. The school was given the Georgia School of Excellence award in 1996. Extra curricular activities at the school include Athletics, Marching and Concert Band, Color Guard, Future Business Leaders of America, Beta Club, JROTC program.
Accreditation and building scandal.
On December 17, 2012, the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools announced that it had downgraded the DeKalb County Schools System's status from "on advisement" to "on probation" and warned the school system that the loss of their accreditation was "imminent." Former DeKalb County Schools Superintendent Crawford Lewis was indicted in 2012, along with former DeKalb County Schools Chief Operating Officer Pat Pope, and others, on criminal charges related to a construction scandal at DeKalb County Schools. The indictment listed four counts of racketeering, as well as theft by taking and bribery.
Sports.
Boys Basketball.
Columbia High School is considered a national powerhouse for High School Basketball. They've been ranked nationally by ESPN numerous years. 
The boys basketball team has gone to the state championship every year since 2005; They are the first team in the history of Dekalb County to win more than four state basketball championships.
State Champions: 2005-2006 (AAAA State Champion), 2007-2008 (AAAA State Champion), 2009-2010 (AAA State Champion), 2010-2011 (AAA State Champion), 2011-2012 (AAA State Champion)
Region Champions: 2005-2006 (Region 5-AAAA), 2006-2007 (Region 6-AAAA), 2007–2008 (Region 6-AAAA), 2008-2009 (5-AAA), 2009-2010 (5-AAA), 2010-2011 (5-AAA), 2011-2012 (5-AAA)
In the 2009-2010 season, the girls and boys won the AAA State champions in 2009-2010. They were the sixth team in the history of Georgia High School basketball to accomplish this feat. As of March 2011. The girls and boys repeated this feat in the 2011-2012 season as they both won the Class AAA state titles.
The boys basketball team has been coached by Dr. Phil McCrary since 1987. As of February 2011, he has posted a 502-183 record. He won his 500th career game at the Primetime Shootout in W. Virginia on January 21, 2011 against Jamesville-Dewitt, NY high school. Coach McCrary has sent more than 100 student athletes to Division I basketball programs including NBA guard and former UGA basketball star Travis Leslie. Coach McCrary has received numerous coaching accolades including:
2010 Selected as an Assistant Coach in the Jordan Brand Classic, Charlotte, NC
Girls Basketball.
The Girls Basketball team won their first ever state championship in 2010. The 2010 season also marked the first time for a DeKalb County school to win both a boys' and a girls' title in the same season as Columbia swept the Class AAA titles.
The Girls Basketball team won their second Class AAA state championship in 2012. For the second time, the girls and boys teams swept the Class AAA championships.
Girls Track.
The Girls Track team has won three state championships in 1983, 1995 and 1996. One of the highlights of the girls track program is in the form of Olympic Gold Medalist Gwen Torrence. She was the state champion in the 100 and 200 meters between 1980-1983 while running for Columbia.
Boys Track.
The Boys track team has won two state championships. In 1980 and again in 1983.
Wrestling.
Columbia High School has won five state championships in wrestling. In 1972, 1973, 1976, 1977 (all under coach Michael J. Godlewski) and 1988. Columbia has won 26 individual state titles as of March 2011. The wrestling team has finished in the top 10 in the state 19 times.
Music.
Alma Mater.
Columbia, we hail to thee,
to hear our heart-felt song!
Now and ever true we'll be, 
guide our minds from wrong!
Every step and every stride,
filled with faith and pride.
Robed in beauty, strength and love,
God give thee peace eternal,
Grow in grandeur, grow in grace,
Accept our love for thee!
Allman Brothers Play at Columbia High School.
On 23 May 1970, the Allman Brothers Band performed in the Gymnasium of Columbia High School for the Junior-Senior Prom.
Stan Kenton.
On 12 March 1973 Stan Kenton with the Stan Kenton Orchestra gave an afternoon workshop and an evening concert at DeKalb Community College South Campus (now called Perimeter College South Campus). The concert was sponsored by the Columbia High School Band Boosters, as a fund raiser.
Braves Baseball Opener.
On 4 April 1975, 200 members of the Columbia High School Band, Advanced Mixed Chorus, Drill Team and Majorettes furnished the music for pre-game activities at the Atlanta Braves baseball opening game with the Houston Astros at Fulton Stadium.
Musical Productions at Columbia High School.
The following musicals were produced and fully staged at Columbia:
Destruction of Music Library.
During renovation of the school during the period between 2004-2005, thousands of copies of sheet music were destroyed, wiping out the school's extensive music library of choral and band scores.

</doc>
<doc id="31182585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182585" title="Peter Hognestad">
Peter Hognestad

Peter Hognestad (1866 – 1931) was a Norwegian theologist, writer, translator, and Lutheran bishop, born as a farmer's son in Time. 
Hognestad served as bishop of the Diocese of Bjørgvin from 1916. He translated biblical texts into Nynorsk, and was chief editor of the Nynorsk translation of the "Bible" from 1921. He was co-editor of the psalm book "Nynorsk salmebok" together with Bernt Støylen and Anders Hovden.

</doc>
<doc id="31182602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182602" title="CKGF-2-FM">
CKGF-2-FM

CKGF-2-FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts an English language commercial FM radio active rock format at 96.7 MHz (FM) in Greenwood, British Columbia. The station is currently owned by Vista Broadcast Group.
History.
Okanagan Radio Limited (with headquarters in Penticton, B.C.)originally launched CKGF at 1340 kHz (AM) in Grand Forks, British Columbia in June 1969. The call letters "GF" stood for Grand Forks.
In 1984, CKGF received CRTC approval to add new FM transmitters in Christina Lake, Greenwood and Rock Creek, British Columbia. The rebroadcast transmitters were on the air by the late 1980s. Around that time, CKGF began operating as a semi-satellite of CJAT in Trail. In 1993, CKGF began simulcasting programs of CKQR Castlegar. 
On August 18, 2004, Boundary Broadcasting was authorized to delete the originating CKGF Grand Forks transmitter, which was already off the air. CKGF-2-FM Greenwood became the originating station for repeaters CKGF-1-FM Christina Lake, and CKGF-3-FM Rock Creek. The arrangement would become official on January 16, 2007.
On March 3, 2014, the CRTC approved Vista's application to operate a new originating station in Grand Forks, of which the current CKGF transmitters in Greenwood, Rock Creek and Christina Lake would rebroadcast. The new station will operate at 102.3 MHz with an average effective radiated power (ERP) of 589 watts (maximum ERP of 1,043 watts with an effective height of antenna above average terrain of -353 metres). 

</doc>
<doc id="31182609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182609" title="Henry Caesar">
Henry Caesar

Henry Caesar (2 October 1630 – 6 January 1668 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1660.
Caesar was the son of Sir Charles Caesar and succeeded to the estate of Bennington, Hertfordshire in 1642. He was admitted at Jesus College, Cambridge on 10 June 1646 and admitted at Inner Temple in 1647.
In 1660, Caesar was elected Member of Parliament for Hertfordshire in the Convention Parliament. He was knighted on 7 July 1660. 
Caesar died of smallpox in 1668 at the age of 37.

</doc>
<doc id="31182642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182642" title="WebGeSTer">
WebGeSTer

WebGeSTer DB is a database of intrinsic transcription terminators

</doc>
<doc id="31182644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182644" title="Dave Franklin">
Dave Franklin

Dave Franklin (September 28, 1895 – February 2, 1970) was an accomplished American songwriter and pianist. A member of Tin Pan Alley, Franklin co-wrote "The Merry-Go-Round Broke Down," which was adopted as the theme song to the "Looney Tunes" cartoon series. His primary collaborator was lyricist Cliff Friend. His other collaborators included Al Dubin, Isham Jones, Irving Taylor. Franklin worked in vaudeville and night clubs in the U.S. and Europe. According to "The Complete Encyclopedia of Popular Music and Jazz, 1900–1950", by Roger Kinkle, he left school at 13 to work as a pianist in a publishing house. Some of his songs were recorded by Glen Gray, Isham Jones, Guy Lombardo and Frankie Trumbauer.

</doc>
<doc id="31182680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182680" title="Arkana, Baxter County, Arkansas">
Arkana, Baxter County, Arkansas

Arkana is an unincorporated community in Baxter County, Arkansas, United States. The community is located along Arkansas Highway 201.

</doc>
<doc id="31182693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182693" title="Katzbach Railway">
Katzbach Railway

The Katzbach Railway () is a branch line in southwestern Germany from Bruchsal to Odenheim that opened in 1896, and was extended in 1900 to Hilsbach. In 1960 services between Tiefenbach and Hilsbach were withdrawn, in 1975 the section between Odenheim Ost and Tiefenbach followed and, in 1986, the 600 metre long section from Odenheim station to Odenheim Ost was closed. Since 1994 the line has been operated by the Albtal-Verkehrs-Gesellschaft (AVG), who electrified it in 1998 and integrated it into the network of the Karlsruhe Stadtbahn.
The line follows its namesake, the Katzbach stream, from Stettfeld to Odenheim. Together with the neighbouring Kraich Valley Railway from Bruchsal to Menzingen, with which it shares a common trackbed as far as Ubstadt Ort, it has formed a single operating unit since its inception.
Route.
After Bruchsal station the Katzbach line runs together with the Kraich Valley Railway as a single track parallel with the Rhine Valley Railway through the stations of Bruchsal Schlossgarten and Bruchsal Stegwiesen before it leaves the main line for Ubstadt Ort, where it separates from the Kraich Valley Railway. The Katzbach Railway continues straight on to Ubstadt Uhlandstraße station and runs to Stettfeld next to the Kraichbach. At Stettfeld it turns to climb beside the Katzbach and passes through the hilly landscape of the Kraichgau. After it has passed through Zeutern, it reaches the current end of the line at Odenheim.
The current line follows two river valleys, while the topographical conditions of the closed section to Hilsbach was much more difficult, which is the reason it was built later.
Before the Baden-Württemberg administrative reform of 1973, the towns along the railway line from Bruchsal to Odenheim were in the district of Bruchsal, while the remaining municipalities (Tiefenbach, Eichelberg, Elsenz and Hilsbach) were part of the district of Sinsheim. The line was ultimately closed because the connection to Sinsheim was never completed and patronage on the last section of the line was rather low.
Since the administrative reform both the municipalities and the districts that include the places along the line have become a bit more complicated: from Ubstadt to Zeutern the Katzbach line is within the municipality of Ubstadt-Weiher; Odenheim, Tiefenbach and Eichelberg are now municipality of Östringen, Elsenz is now part of Eppingen and Hilsbach is part of Sinsheim. Thus, the historic Katzbach line passes through three districts: the district of Karlsruhe from Bruchsal to Eichelberg, the district of Heilbronn in Elsenz and the former section to its terminus Hilsbach is part of the Rhein-Neckar district.
The route of the disused Odenheim–Hilsbach section.
A cycle path that runs on the route of the old line begins on the other side of the street immediately after the current end of the line at Odenheim. Only a few metres after the start of the closed section there is a train signal, which was forgotten during the dismantling of the line. Near the next level crossing was the location of Odenheim Ost station, which was the end of the line from 1975 to 1986. At the eastern edge of Odenheim, the line was demolished over a length of about three hundred metres for the realignment of state highway 552. 
In Tiefenbach, the former line has also been converted into a cycle path. The railway viaduct over the Katzbach valley in Eichelberg is still preserved. It was renovated in 1988 by the City of Östringen at a cost of 155,000 Deutsche Marks and converted into a hiking and biking trail. The Elsenz station building has now been converted into residential accommodation; elsewhere in Elsenz the route of the line has been built on, but some sleepers still exist in Elsenz. Between Elsenz and Hilsbach the line climbs almost entirely through meadows and fields. There are also other smaller bridges over streams, including in Tiefenbach and Hilsbach, which are now used for hiking trails.
History.
Planning, construction and opening of the line (1870–1898).
In the 1870s, Bruchsal campaigned unsuccessfully for a rail link with the towns on the Kraichbach: Ubstadt, Unteröwisheim, Oberöwisheim, Münzesheim and Gochsheim.
More than a decade later, the city took the initiative in 1888 to build, together with the municipalities in the Kraichbach and the Katzbach valleys, a narrow gauge branch line with two branches, separating in Ubstadt. The northern line would run through Odenheim to Elsenz and the southern branch up the Kraichbach valley to Gochsheim.
Originally planned to run as far as Elsenz, it was decided that the line would initially run only as far as Odenheim because of the hilly terrain between Odenheim and Elsenz. At the same time, it was also decided that the line would be built at standard gauge.
On 5 March 1896, what is now called the Katzbach railway was opened from Bruchsal to Odenheim together with the Kraich Valley Railway between Bruchsal and Menzingen. The line was initially operated by the "Westdeutsche Eisenbahn-Gesellschaft" (West German Railway Company, WeEG).
In the first years of operation, there was a high level of passenger traffic and some growth in freight traffic. Therefore, the municipalities of Tiefenbach, Eichelberg, Elsenz and Hilsbach were also interested in being connected to the line. In the longer term, the line was to be extended even towards Sinsheim.
The years under the BLEAG (1898–1931).
In October 1898, the WeEG operations on the Katzbach and the Kraich Valley Railways were transferred to its subsidiary, the "Badische Lokal-Eisenbahnen Aktiengesellschaft" (Baden Local Railway Compan, BLEAG). An extension to Hilsbach was approved on 7 September 1899. However, the work required was very difficult because the terrain there was much hillier than between Bruchsal and Odenheim. Between Tiefenbach and Elsenz alone there was a height difference of about seventy metres. It was therefore necessary, for example, to build a three-span viaduct between Elsenz and Eichelberg. It was also necessary to demolish some houses in Odenheim for the extension.
On 3 September 1900, the Katzbach line was extended from Odenheim to Hilsbach, with the intention of continuing the line to Sinsheim, but this was never implemented. The Kraich Valley and the Katzbach Railways were the two most profitable lines operated by BLEAG in the early years of the twentieth century.
After the First World War, both lines were caught in a crisis because BLEAG had run out of funds for the maintenance of its lines. After the district of Karlsruhe agreed to contribute the funding of various BLEAG routes, the lines were temporarily saved. In subsequent years, normal operations were restored. In 1931, BLEAG had to file for bankruptcy during the Great Depression.
The years under the DEBG (1932–1963).
In the wake of the bankruptcy, both of the BLEAG lines in the Kraich Valley and the Katzbach were taken over by the German Railway Operating Company ("Deutsche Eisenbahn-Betriebs-Gesellschaft", DEBG) on 1 January 1932. DEBG managed to restore operations on the two lines.
The outbreak of the Second World War meant that the passenger numbers increased significantly since private transport was restricted due to the war. Because of the fighting, however, operations had to be closed on 2 April 1945. Unlike the experience of many other rail lines, war damage on the two lines was limited. This allowed operations between Bruchsal and Odenheim to be resumed on 7 June 1945 and two weeks later to Hilsbach.
The steam locomotives and passenger carriages on the line, which were up to fifty years old, were gradually replaced by diesel haulage from the mid-1950s. Thus, in 1955, DEBG operated a diesel locomotive and, in 1956, six diesel railcar formerly owned by Deutsche Bundesbahn and built in 1936 and 1937. However, the DEBG applied on 7 July 1958 to close all of its tracks in southern Germany. This was resisted by the state of Baden-Württemberg, in particular.
There was little passenger and freight traffic in the postwar years, especially between Tiefenbach and Hilsbach. On 1 October 1960, therefore passenger services were discontinued between Tiefenbach and Hilsbach and twelve days later, following a derailment, freight traffic was abandoned. The weak track meant that continued operations no longer made sense and in subsequent years the tracks were dismantled on the section.
The years under the SWEG (1963–1994).
DEBG transferred, with effect from 1 May 1963, both lines to the Südwestdeutsche Verkehrs-Aktiengesellschaft (Southwest German Railway Company, SWEG), which had been founded on 10 December 1962 by the state of Baden-Württemberg to preserve a number of private lines before they were closed. The SWEG sought to modernise the line. Thus, the remaining steam trains were replaced by diesel locomotives after the takeover. They also introduced improvements to the line, which also shortened the travel time significantly. As a result a trip from Bruchsal to Tiefenbach took only 39 minutes compared to 48 minutes previously.
In 1968, "Odenheim Ost" station was opened to the east of Odenheim. Other additional stations that were opened on the Katzbach line in the following years were "Ubstadt Nord" (from the mid-1990s: "Ubstadt Uhlandstraße"), mainly serving the education centre in Ubstadt, "Zeutern Ost" and "Odenheim Weberei" (from 1977: "Odenheim West").
On 31 January 1975, the eastern section from Odenheim Ost to Tiefenbach was closed. Odenheim Ost station, which had only been established in 1968, thus became the new terminus of the line. Two platforms were built with at the opening of the station, which were on opposite sides of a level crossing, so the outer platform towards Tiefenbach was abandoned and the remaining platform was provided with a buffer.
From October 1981 services on the Katzbach line were strengthened by the introduction of class NE 81 diesel multiple units, which had been built by Waggon Union. However, the line was more and more under threat of total closure despite the modernisation carried out by SWEG. On 1 June 1986, the Odenheim–Odenheim Ost section was closed.
Acquisition by the AVG and upgrade for the Karlsruhe Stadtbahn (since 1994).
In order to preserve both the Katzbach and the neighbouring Kraichtal lines from total closure, the Albtal-Verkehrs-Gesellschaft (Alb Valley Transport Company, AVG) took over both sections from the SWEG in 1994. The line was originally operated with DMUs, including the class NE 81s that had been taken over from the SWEG. As part of the founding of the Karlsruher Verkehrsverbund (Karlsruhe Transport Association, KVV), the service on the Katzbach line was named line R 31.
Initially the AVG services was operated under the most recent timetable of the SWEG, but six months later the AVG introduced a regular interval schedule, which had not existed previously. At the same time as the line was acquired by AVG, it was decided to upgrade the line to Stadtbahn standards. After the Stadtbahn operations were opened in 1996 on the Kraich Valley Railway, a few improvements were made to services on the Katzbach Railway, because more rolling stock was now available. Also associated with the opening of Stadtbahn services on the Kraich Valley Railway between Bruchsal and the Ubstadt Ort stations, two new stations were opened at Bruchsal Schlossgarten and Bruchsal Stegwiesen, which were then also included in the services on the Katzbach Railway.
In the summer of 1998, just months before the start of Stadtbahn operations, two diesel railcars (AVG VT VT 453 and 454) collided in Zeutern as one of the drivers had overlooked a signal.
On 26 September 1998, Stadtbahn operations commenced on the Katzbach Railway, which were then integrated into the network as line S 31 of the Karlsruhe Stadtbahn. Just two weeks earlier, Stadtbahn sets were deployed for student transport. "Zeutern Sportplatz" station was opened along with Stadtbahn operations. Above all, Odenheim station was completely rebuilt for the Stadtbahn: the station building was torn down and a depot was built.
Since not enough sets were available at the time of the opening of Stadtbahn operations for all services, a pair of services had to be operated by an Esslingen railbus, which was purchased from the SWEG; this was replaced after several years by Stadtbahn vehicles.
Operations.
Timetable.
The Katzbach Railway is operated as line S 31 (Odenheim–Bruchsal–Karlsruhe Central Station—Malsch–Rastatt–Freudenstadt) of the Karlsruhe Stadtbahn. Trains running instead to Forbach via Baden-Baden or Achern change line number to S 32 in Ubstadt Ort. During peak hours trains run at twenty-minute intervals, at other times they generally run hourly. Crossing opportunities exist in Ubstadt Ort, Stettfeld, Zeutern and Odenheim, while actual train crossings take place mainly in Zeutern and rather rarely in Stettfeld. All other stops on the Katzbach line are request stops. It is served by dual-system Stadtbahn vehicles operated by AVG.
Fares on the entire route are set by the Karlsruher Verkehrsverbund.
Platforms and station building.
Bruchsal station and all stations from Ubstadt Uhlandstr. to Odenheim except Zeutern have a platform height of 55 centimetres, the other stations at Bruchsal Schlossgarten, Bruchsal Stegwiesen, Ubstadt Ort and Zeutern have a height of only 38 centimetres.
The station building in Odenheim was demolished during the upgrade of the line for the Stadtbahn. The station building in Zeutern has been preserved and is now used as a residence. In Stettfeld the old platform, the freight loading dock and goods shed were demolished along with the station building during the construction of a large residential complex.

</doc>
<doc id="31182703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182703" title="Arkana, Arkansas">
Arkana, Arkansas

Arkana, Arkansas may refer to either of two locations in the U.S. state of Arkansas:

</doc>
<doc id="31182705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182705" title="Shargleam Blackcap">
Shargleam Blackcap

Ch. Shargleam Blackcap, (born 26 June 1977), also known as Brett is a Flat-Coated Retriever show dog bred and handled by Mrs Pat Chapman who won Best in Show at Crufts in 1980. He is one of the ancestors of 2011 Crufts Best in Show Sh Ch. Vbos The Kentuckian.
Show history.
In 1980, Brett became the first Flat-Coated Retriever to win Best in Show at Crufts. Reserve Best in Show went to the previous year's winner, the Kerry Blue Terrier Ch. Callaghan of Leander. He was the most successful showdog of his breed in his era, and became a successful sire. His descendants include 2011 Crufts Best in Show, Sh Ch. Vbos The Kentuckian, and was the last Flat-Coated Retriever to win a Best in Show in a multi-breed show until The Kentuckian at the East of England show in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="31182721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182721" title="Lee R. Bobker">
Lee R. Bobker

Lee Robert Bobker (July 19, 1925 – December 28, 1999) was an American writer, film director and producer, primarily known for his documentary films. He was nominated for three Academy Awards and one Emmy.
Life and career.
Bobker was born in Belle Harbor, in Queens, New York. He began to work as a director and producer of documentary films in the late 1950s. He made a film for the Peabody Coal Company that was "an apology for coal mining" and directed "All the Way Home", a film written by Muriel Rukeyser about the community reaction when a white homeowner in an all-white area decides to sell his house to a black family. In 1958, he made the documentary, "Psychiatric Nursing", which was nominated for an Academy Award for Documentary Feature in 1958.
In 1966, he made "The Odds Against" about the correctional system with Helen Kristt Radin. It was nominated for an Oscar in 1966 for an Academy Award for Documentary Short Subject. His film "The Revolving Door" was nominated in 1968 for best documentary short film. Bobker's "The First Amendment", produced for the American Library Association, was about censorship.
Bobker's PBS television series "I, Leonardo", which starred Frank Langella as Leonardo da Vinci, was nominated for an Emmy award. Chandler Knowles and Radin were co-producers with Bobker on the 1983 series. In the early 1990s, Bobker began working in cable television and made the documentary "Isaac Stern, a Life", which was critically acclaimed. Bobker won acclaim at both national and international film festivals, collecting hundreds of awards.
Bobker wrote two textbooks about filmmaking and aesthetics and contributed to professional periodicals, as well as other publications.
Mr. Bobker is survived by his wife, Kate Gene Russell; two daughters, Gene Spieler, and Laurie Mahler; a son, Dr. Daniel Bobker; and seven grandchildren, including Matthew Spieler, Susanna Spieler, Kayla Mahler, Adam Mahler, Alissa Mahler, Hannah Bobker, and Andrew Bobker.

</doc>
<doc id="31182727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182727" title="Medium Rare (Foo Fighters album)">
Medium Rare (Foo Fighters album)

Medium Rare is a covers album by Foo Fighters. The album was released on April 16, 2011 as a limited-edition vinyl for Record Store Day, an event that celebrates independent record stores. Apart from the new recordings of "Bad Reputation" and "This Will Be Our Year" and the live version of "Young Man Blues", all tracks have been previously released as B-sides or in other compilation albums.
A CD edition of the album was also given free to new subscribers of "Q" magazine.
Track listing.
Note: "Darling Nikki" does not appear on the Q Magazine CD and Humo release, but there was a CD version where it appears along with live tracks recorded in Australia. The songs that appear on this album are "Bridge Burning," "Rope," "Dear Rosemary," "White Limo," "Aurora" and "This Is A Call," all of which are live from Goat Island, Sydney, Australia. Although the official description says only 2 are previously unreleased, "Young Man Blues" was previously recorded but doesn't appear on any releases.

</doc>
<doc id="31182745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182745" title="Buffalo City, Arkansas">
Buffalo City, Arkansas

Buffalo City, Arkansas is an unincorporated community in Baxter County, Arkansas, United States. The community is located at the end of Arkansas Highway 126.

</doc>
<doc id="31182760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182760" title="The Elevator (1996 film)">
The Elevator (1996 film)

The Elevator is a 1996 drama-comedy film starring Martin Landau and Gabriel Bologna. It was directed Arthur Borman, Nigel Dick, and Rafal Zielinski. The film also features appearances by Richard Lewis and Martin Sheen in the film within a film sequences.
Synopsis.
Movie producer Roy Tilden is on his way to an award ceremony held in his honour when he gets stuck on an elevator with a young screenwriter, David Brochman Junior. Tilden is not interested in his scripts which are all shorts - but as there is no-one to help the two out of the elevator he is finally forced to listen to David as he reads three of the scripts to him.
The first script titled "Dahny, Yow" tells of a man who wakes up in the middle of the night by a giant transvestite nun and dwarf Rabbi, both named Dahny, who tell him to change his life. The second script titled "Painting the Eiffel Tower" is set in a police sergeant's office as he has a heart-to-heart talk with an artistically talented street punk. The final script, "Typing, Bad Dingo and Crimes Against Humanity" tells of an acting student who has to type out a University student's thesis by the following day but ends up cracking under the pressure of her own social life.

</doc>
<doc id="31182767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182767" title="Dmitry Valent">
Dmitry Valent

Dmitry 'Black Valet' Valent (born 13 April 1988 in Minsk, Belarus) is a Belarusian Muay Thai middleweight/super middleweight kickboxer fighting out of Minsk, Belarus for Gym "Kick Fighter". He is a ten-time amateur and professional world champion who is known for his vicious elbows and explosive KO power (hence his other nickname, TNT). He has also won titles at junior and European level. Dmitry is one of Belarus's top fighters.
Career/Biography.
Dmitry started training in Taekwondo at 13 years old before beginning Muay Thai aged 16. At the prestigious "Kick Fighter Gym" in his home town of Minsk he developed his blossoming skills by training alongside world champions such as Andrei Kulebin and Dmitry Shakuta. He would be a very quick learner, winning a gold medal in the 67 kg junior category at the 2006 W.M.F. World Muaythai Championships in Bangkok, Thailand, aged 17. Dmitry then went on to have a very good 2007, winning a gold medal at the W.A.K.O. World Championships 2007 and then followed it up with his first professional title - winning the World Kickboxing Network (W.K.N.) middleweight world title, in Kostroma, Russia before rounding off the year in style by adding the professional W.A.K.O. world title to his collection. 
Dmitry kicked off 2008 by winning the W.K.N. European Grand Prix title, a four man tournament fought under Muay Thai rules in Geneva, Switzerland. He then followed in the footsteps of stable mate Kulebin by winning the W.M.C. I-1 title – this one the Grand Slam 72 kg version – in Hong Kong. There was some disappointment at the end of the year, however, when Dmitry was knocked out of the "The Contender Asia" Season 2 qualifier held in Russia by multiple world champion Artem Levin at the semi final stage. The fact that the Contender Asia Season 2 show would never come to light did soften the blow somewhat. Dmitry had success on the amateur circuit as well, winning gold at the I.M.F.A. European championships held in Zgorzelec, Poland.
The young Belarusian regained his W.M.C. I-1 title the following year, defeating South African Vuyisile Colossa by split decision in the final. He followed up this victory by defeating 2007 W.K.A. world champion Shane Campbell for the second time to win the Muay Thai version of the middleweight W.K.N. title. He carried on his form on the professional circuit onto the amateur circuit, winning a second amateur world championships by claiming gold at the I.F.M.A. event in Bangkok, Thailand. 
In 2010 Dmitry continued his winning ways remaining the W.K.N. organizations middleweight world champion in Thai-boxing by defeating the talented Yohan Lidon at the start of 2010 and beating the Dutch based Moroccan Tarek Slimani to claim the W.I.P.U. "King of the Ring" world title. He has suffered a few setbacks as well, losing to nemesis Artem Levin at the I.F.M.A. European Championships, and conceding a decision loss to legendary Aussie John Wayne Parr in an unsuccessful move down in weight to challenge for the W.K.N. super welterweight world title. He also won more gold medals at amateur level, winning the 75 kg category at the W.A.K.O. European and I.F.M.A. world championships respectively.
He lost a decision to Karim Ghajji at "Nuit des Champions" in Marseilles on November 24, 2012.
In a close fight, Valent lost to Simon Marcus by split decision at "C3: King of Fighters" in Chengdu, China on April 27, 2013.
He fought at "Diamond Fight: Friendship" in Chelyabinsk, Russia on December 13, 2013, defeating Bektas Emirhanoglu by third round TKO.
Titles.
Professional
Amateur

</doc>
<doc id="31182769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182769" title="104th Training Aviation Regiment">
104th Training Aviation Regiment

The 104th Training Aviation Regiment ("Serbo-Croatian: 104. vazduhoplovni školski puk / 104. ваздухопловни школски пук") was an aviation regiment established in 1945 as 1st Training Aviation Regiment ("Serbo-Croatian: 1. vazduhoplovni školski puk / 1. ваздухопловни школски пук") as part of the SFR Yugoslav Air Force.
History.
1st Training Aviation Regiment.
The 1st Training Aviation Regiment was formed on November 1, 1945 by order from August of same year. It was created at Pančevo from training squadron, as part of Military Aviation College. It was equipped with Soviet-made Po-2 and UT-2 and Yugoslav Aero-2 training aircraft. By the May 1946 the regiment had composed from four squadrons, and by November same year number of squadrons was reduced.
By the 1948 year this regiment was renamed like all other units of Yugoslav Army, so it has become 104th Training Aviation Regiment.
The commanders of regiment in this period were Predrag Ilić and Svetislav Nešović. Commissars was Milan Jovanović.
104th Training Aviation Regiment.
The 104th Training Aviation Regiment was based at Pančevo airfield for short period. By year 1949 it was dislocated to Mostar airport, where it has remain until it was disbanded. It was equipped with Soviet Yakovlev trainer-fighters and domestic made trainers. 
In year 1956 regiment was reformed in to 1st Pilot School, which existed until 1959/1960.
The commanders of regiment in this period were Svetislav Nešović, Mido Rakočević, Edo Banfić and Luka Popov.

</doc>
<doc id="31182772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182772" title="Latin Grammy Award for Best Flamenco Album">
Latin Grammy Award for Best Flamenco Album

The Latin Grammy Award for Best Flamenco Album is an award presented by the Latin Grammy Awards for quality flamenco albums. According to the category description guide for the 14th Latin Grammy Awards: "For vocal or instrumental Flamenco albums containing at least 51% playing time of newly recorded material. For Solo artists, duos or groups".

</doc>
<doc id="31182782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182782" title="Phonological opacity">
Phonological opacity

Phonological opacity is a term used in phonology. It was first defined by Kiparsky as a measure of how far the context or the consequences of a phonological process may be determined only by examining the surface structure. Kiparsky defined it in the following way:
A phonological rule "P", formula_1, is opaque if any of the following surface structures exists:
Counter-feeding and counter-bleeding opacity.
Phonological opacity is often the result of the counterfeeding or counterbleeding order of two or more phonological rules, which is called "counter-feeding opacity" or "counter-bleeding opacity". An example of both can be seen in the future-marking suffix "-en" in the Yokutsan languages. Its vowel is supposed to be an underlying high vowel, though it surfaces as a mid vowel. Vowel rounding always applies before vowel lowering. Due to this order of phonological rules, the interaction of the suffix vowel with rounding harmony is opaque. There is still vowel harmony between the suffix vowel and a preceding high vowel as these vowels agree in roundedness, while a vowel with the feature [-high] would usually be exempt from rounding harmony. As a result of counter-bleeding opacity, the apparent motivation for the vowel harmony has disappeared here. Moreover, as a result of counter-feeding opacity, it cannot be told from the surface structure of the suffix vowel why it fails to harmonize in rounding with preceding mid vowels.

</doc>
<doc id="31182801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182801" title="Latin Grammy Award for Best Norteño Album">
Latin Grammy Award for Best Norteño Album

The Latin Grammy Award for Best Norteño Album is an honor presented annually at the Latin Grammy Awards, a ceremony that recognizes excellence and creates a wider awareness of cultural diversity and contributions of Latin recording artists in the United States and internationally. The award goes to solo artists, duos, or groups for releasing vocal or instrumental albums containing at least 51% of new recordings in the norteño genre.
Los Tigres del Norte are the most awarded performers with four accolades in this category and they were also the first recipient of this award in 2000 for the album "Herencia de Familia". Other multiple winners are Ramón Ayala y Sus Bravos Del Norte and Grupo Pesado both winners in two years in a row from 2001 to 2002 and 2009 to 2010 respectively.
The award has only been presented to musicians originating from Mexico, winning seven times, and the United States, winning five times.
See also.
Los Huracanes del Norte – Soy Mexicano

</doc>
<doc id="31182808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182808" title="Jesse Pearson (writer)">
Jesse Pearson (writer)

Jesse Pearson is an American editor and writer. He was the editor-in-chief of "Vice Magazine" from October 2002 until December 2010, and has interviewed notable figures such as David Lynch, Marina Abramović, Bret Easton Ellis, David Simon and Johnny Knoxville.

</doc>
<doc id="31182824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182824" title="Bill McGill (baseball)">
Bill McGill (baseball)

William Jacob McGill (1880–1959) was an American right-handed pitcher in Major League Baseball. He played for the 1907 St. Louis Browns. His college ball was played at Friends University.

</doc>
<doc id="31182846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182846" title="Oh Land (album)">
Oh Land (album)

Oh Land is the second studio album by Danish recording artist Oh Land. It was released in Denmark on 14 March 2011 by Fake Diamond Records and in the United States on 15 March by Epic Records. An EP with the same name was released in advance on 19 October 2010, containing four tracks from the full-length album. "Sun of a Gun" was released as the album's first international single.
Critical reception.
"Oh Land" received generally positive reviews from music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalised rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 62, based on 7 reviews. Barry Walters of "Spin" wrote that "his stunning Dane's synths-plus-strings slant on singer-songwriter lovesickness offers refinement over innovation, yet Nanna Øland Fabricius beguiles with a gently insistent presence." Kerri Mason of "Billboard" opined that Oh Land "might have made the year's first great left-field pop album", praising the songs as "endlessly catchy" and concluding that "the tilting scales of light and dark give the collection a definite creep factor and a clever complexity." AllMusic's Andrew Leahey described the album as an "'anything goes' mix of club, dance, and nocturnal electro-pop", adding that Oh Land "doesn't rewrite the rule book as much as join the ranks of La Roux, Little Boots, and Janelle Monáe. But that doesn't keep her debut album from churning out a number of intelligent club anthems".
In a mixed review, Slant Magazine's Sal Cinquemani expressed that Oh Land's "cinematic arrangements bring Janelle Monáe's ambitious approach to pop music to mind, but tracks like 'Wolf & I' and 'Lean' draw a bit too heavily from the trip-hop playbook [...] and, however well-excecuted they may be, end up sounding derivative." Similarly, Fraser McAlpine of BBC Music felt that "there's a bit of an identity void at the heart of the thing, a lack of personality. It might just be that Oh Land is more skilled at getting songs to sound current than she is at expressing herself." Drowned in Sound's John Calvert called the album "hip, diverse and always vibrant", but also branded it "pretty forgettable". Calvert pointed out the production work of Dave McCracken and Dan Carey, noting the album "inhabits a tepid middle ground between the two extremes—offering neither gilded Scandi chart-pop (Robyn, Annie) or the artistic mettle of Scandi indie bands, most of whom are able to turn out sublime pop anyway."
Personnel.
Credits adapted from the liner notes of "Oh Land".

</doc>
<doc id="31182866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182866" title="The Shield and the Sword">
The Shield and the Sword

The Shield and the Sword is the third single by English singer-songwriter Clare Maguire, taken from her debut album "Light After Dark". It was released in the United Kingdom on 9 May 2011 through Polydor Records.
Live performances.
Maguire performed the song on air for the first time on "Ruth Jones' Easter Treat" on Saturday 23 April 2011. She also performed the song on T4, music show "Koko Pop", and in Ireland on "The Late Late Show".
Music video.
The music video, directed by directing duo Hope Audikana (Ryan and Egoitz respectively), premiered on 19 April 2011 on Maguire's official Vevo account. It depicts Maguire in a number of different guises singing and dancing. Maguire had stated the intention of the music video to really promote the pop elements of the song, and was one of her biggest wishes when shooting the video. 
As it stands, the video has been taken down from Maguire's VEVO and personal YouTube accounts, and any attempt to re-upload the music video is met by a copyright claim from the Universal Music Group.
Reception.
Lewis Corner of Digital Spy gave the song 4 out of 5 stars, commenting that "never let it be said that Clare Maguire is workshy. Having juggled the release of her top ten album, a headline UK tour and a support slot for The Script, it's no wonder her impressive remixes are causing her the occasional out-of-body experience. In fact, looking at the accompanying promo for her latest chart assault, she appears to have turned her psychological issues into an art form.
"You have the shield/ I'll take the sword/ I no longer love you," Maguire booms in her distinctive Lennox-meets-Moyet tone over soaring strings, a funky piano riff and a thumping beat that sounds like a soul/disco mash-up released from the M People vaults. In fact, the only thing convincing us it's not is her co-write on the track itself - does this woman ever stop?"

</doc>
<doc id="31182870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182870" title="Cape Lisburne Air Force Station">
Cape Lisburne Air Force Station

Cape Lisburne Air Force Station (AAC ID: F-07, LRR ID: A-19, DEW ID: LIZ-1) is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station. It is located west-southwest of Point Barrow, Alaska. 
The radar surveillance station was closed on 1 November 1983, and was re-designated as a Long Range Radar (LRR) site as part of the Alaska Radar System. Today, it remains active as part of the Alaska NORAD Region under the jurisdiction of the 611th Air and Space Operations Center, Elmendorf AFB, Alaska.
History.
Cape Lisburne AFS was a continental defence radar station constructed to provide the United States Air Force early warning of an attack by the Soviet Union on Alaska. It was one of the ten original radar surveillance sites constructed during the early 1950s to establish a permanent air defense system in Alaska. 
An assignment to the station was one of the most remote tours which an Airman could serve during its operational lifetime.
The station was located at Cape Lisburne, a bleak, treeless location in the most northwestern point in Alaska between the Arctic Ocean and the Chuckchi Sea, some 570 miles northwest of Fairbanks. There are no permanent residents at the site, and Point Hope is the nearest community, 25 miles to the southwest. The site is accessible only by sea and air. "Summer" lasts only three months, as does the appearance of the sun. 
The first western explorer to arrive at Cape Lisburne was Captain James Cook in his search for a Northwest Passage from the Pacific to the Atlantic Ocean. He gave the location its name (Cape Lisbourne), the reason for the name being lost in the passage of time. A small Eskimo settlement, Wevok, existed for a short period of time in an area on the western side of what would become the Air Force Station. Wevok was a stopover point for Eskimos from Point Hope who followed the winter trail to Point Barrow in search of polar bears. A missionary lived with the Eskimos at Wevok in the late 19th, early 20th century. He, along with several natives, are buried in a small cemetery on the western side of the Air Force station. Wevok was abandoned early in the 20th century, and other than the cemetery there is nothing which remains of it.
In the late 1940s with the outbreak of the Cold War, the United States Air Force decided to expand the aircraft control and warning system in the Alaska Territory. This expansion involved the establishment of several new radar surveillance stations, one of which was Cape Lisburne.
The first Airmen to arrive at the station was Detachment F-7, 142d Aircraft Control and Warning Squadron (AC&W Sq) on 21 June 1951 during the site construction period. The unit consisted to two officers and 29 enlisted men. Their mission was to provide site security and establish a temporarily work camp, consisting of tents. 550 tons of cargo arrived by ship along with the airmen, and high winds, rain, and heavy seas made the operation hazardous to all involved. During the first year, supplies and food were airdropped to the workers and airmen, many times it drifting into the ocean and being lost. During the first winter, the detachment was reduced to one officer and 14 Airmen. The Army Transportation Corps undertook the construction project, code name Mona Lisa, of getting the initial supplies and equipment to the construction site. The only means of getting construction materials and supplies to the site was by barge or Navy LSTs; however, this was restricted to when the sea was not frozen. The ground support station was located on the northern coast of the peninsula, . A 4,800' airstrip was constructed in 1951 adjacent to the ground support station, with a gravel runway capable of medium transport (C-118, C-130) landings and takeoffs.
The station (bottom camp) consisted of a power/heating plant, water and fuel storage tanks, gymnasium and other support office buildings. Two other buildings contained living quarters, work areas, and recreational facilities plus opportunities for such sports as skiing, skating, horseshoes, and basketball. The buildings were connected by enclosed portals so no one needed to go outside in winter unless absolutely necessary. Tours at the station were limited to one year because of the psychological strain and physical hardships. Mail was usually delivered twice a week. The inaccessibility made the personnel at the site responsible for maintenance if anything went wrong. Water mains occasionally froze and ruptured.
Given the close proximity of the new base to Siberia, an air attack was a serious concern during the early years of the Cold War. An M51 trailer-mounted M-55 .50 Multiple quad machine gun was installed at the station for defense. Capable of firing at a rate of 450 to 575 rounds per minute per gun, this weapon was particularly lethal when applied to ground targets in the field. 
Initially, there were no roads, which had to be built as part of the construction effort to reach the top camp. The radar site (top camp) was sited on the summit of a 1,600 foot mountain located 2 miles south-southeast of bottom camp. It was reached via an access road built along the side of a mountain, about 4 miles in length. Radars were installed at the top camp in October 1952. Radars at top camp included an AN/FPS-3, AN/FPS-20A and an AN/FPS-93A.
On 8 December 1952, the 711th AC&W Sq was actoivated to replace the National Guardsmen and the station went operational. As a surveillance station, Cape Lisburne provided information 24/7 to the Air Defense Direction Center at Murphy Dome AFS near Fairbanks, where it was analyzed to determine range, direction altitude speed and whether or not aircraft were friendly or hostile. 
Communications were initially provided by a high frequency radio system which proved unreliable because of atmospheric disturbances. The Alaskan Air Command, after investigating various options, decided to build the White Alice Communications System, a system of Air Force-owned tropospheric scatter and microwave radio relay sites operated by the Air Force Communications Service (AFCS). The Cape Lisburne site was activated in 1957. It was inactivated in 1979, and replaced by an Alascom owned and operated satellite earth terminal as part of an Air Force plan to divest itself of the obsolete White Alice Communications System and transfer the responsibility to a commercial firm.
In 1955 Cape Lisburne became part of the Distant Early Warning Line (DEW Line), the most westernmost station on the line which stretched east across the northern part of Alaska, Canada and into Greenland. The station received an AN/FPS-19 pulse radar and was designated as station LIZ-1. It remained a manned station on the line until DEW Operationc ceased in 1983 when the station became an AN/FPS-117 Minimally Attended Radar station and is now part of the NORAD North Warning System (NWS).
Over the years, the equipment at the station was upgraded or modified to improve the efficiency and accuracy of the information gathered by the radars. In 1983, Cape Lisburne AFS received a new AN/FPS-117 minimally attended radar under Alaskan Air Command's Seek Igloo program . It was designed to transmit aircraft tracking data via satellite to the Alaskan NORAD Regional Operations Control Center (ROCC) at Elmendorf AFB. 
No longer needed, the 711th AC&W Sq was inactivated on 1 November 1983 and the station redesignated as a Long Range Radar (LRR) Site. In 1990, jurisdiction of the Indian Mountain LRR Site was transferred to Pacific Air Forces (PACAF)'s Eleventh Air Force with the redesignation of AAC. 
In 1998 PACAF initiated "Operation Clean Sweep", in which abandoned Cold War stations in Alaska were remediated and the land restored to its previous state. After years of neglect the facilities at the station had lost any value they had when the site was closed. The site remediation of the radar, support and White Alice communication station was carried out by the 611th Civil Engineering Squadron at Elmendorf AFB, and remediation work was completed by 2005. Today very little of the former Cape Lisburne Air Force Station remains.
Distant Early Warning Line support.
Beginning in July 1957, Cape Lisburne AFS controlled a sector of the Distant Early Warning Line. The LIZ sector was the most westernmost point of the network, composed of a series of surveillance radar stations along the northwest Alaska Coast to Icy Cape (LIZ-B), about 140 miles to the northeast.
Cape Lisburne controlled five manned stations, two of them being classified as "Auxiliary" sites and three "Intermediate" stations. The Auxiliary stations were similar to the main site at Cape Lisburne; the Intermediate sites having less personnel at them. The stations were made up of an AN/FPS-19 search radar, a high power L-Band radar consisting of two identical radar sets feeding a dual (back to back) antenna with a range of about 160 nautical miles. The sites had one 25-man module building for personnel who supported the radar, and an airstrip, although the length and capacity varied greatly, making frequent risky landings necessary at some sites.
Each of the sites were staffed by civilian contract workers who had signed 18-month contracts, although they were visited by Air Force military personnel from Cape Lisburne frequently.
With the signing of North American Air Defence Modernization agreement at the "Shamrock Summit" between Prime Minister Mulroney and President Reagan in Quebec City on 18 March 1985 the DEW Line began its eventual upgrading and transition becoming the North Warning System (NWS) of today. The intermediate sites were closed in 1963 due to the advancements in radar technology. Point Lay was closed in 1994 and Wainright in 2007 due to soil erosion & budget concerns. The closed sites were remediated by the Air Force around 1998, removing all abandoned military structures and returning the site to a natural condition.
Current status.
Today the site is controlled by the PACAF's 611th Air and Space Operations Center, based at Elmendorf AFB. The site is generally unattended; a few civilian contractors access the site by former support airstrip, now the Cape Lisburne LRRS Airport and provide maintenance and support when needed to maintain the radar system.

</doc>
<doc id="31182913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182913" title="Gare de La Charité">
Gare de La Charité

La Charité is a railway station in La Charité-sur-Loire, Bourgogne, France. The station is located on the Moret-Lyon railway. The station is served by Intercités (long distance) and TER (local) services operated by SNCF.
Train services.
The following services currently call at La Charité:

</doc>
<doc id="31182934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182934" title="The Master and Margarita (1988 TV series)">
The Master and Margarita (1988 TV series)

The Master and Margarita (Mistrz i Małgorzata) is a Polish television production of Polish Film Producers Teams (Zespoły Polskich Producentów Filmowych), based on the novel by Mikhail Bulgakov.
Background.
Director and screenwriter of this adaptation is Maciej Wojtyszko. 
The story.
Three layers.
The film is an adaptation of the novel The Master and Margarita written by the Russian author Mikhail Bulgakov. Three storylines are interwoven.
Differences with the novel.
This series follows faithfully the storyline of Bulgakov’s original novel, except for the nighttime scenes. While many scenes in Bulgakov’s novel are playing in the dark, it's always daytime in this adaptation. Due to the limited budget, Wojtyszko said he had focused on good acting rather than on special effects. 
Episodes.
1. The Black Magic Séance
2. The Master
3. Margarita
4. Saying goodbye
Soundtrack.
All tracks composed by Zbigniew Karnecki

</doc>
<doc id="31182936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182936" title="SoftAP">
SoftAP

SoftAP is short for Software enabled Access Point. While a Wireless Access Point (WAP) is specifically made only to work as an Access Point, SoftAP is used to make a wireless client antenna work as either the Access Point, or the client.
How it works.
This "virtual" Wi-Fi feature is enabled by software working on the device to create a wireless hotspot or portable hotspot that other wireless devices in the vicinity can use. 
The advantage of SoftAP is the use of a regular cellphone, for example, with a client antenna and data connection as an Access Point to serve other wireless devices which do not have a data connection otherwise. The wireless devices in the vicinity of the SoftAP enabled device, which may not have the Internet access directly, can use the Internet through the cellphone whose SoftAP is enabled. This is called tethering.
Platform Support.
Various operating system platforms support SoftAP. Some of the operating systems which are known to support SoftAP are:

</doc>
<doc id="31182941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182941" title="Gare de Pougues-les-Eaux">
Gare de Pougues-les-Eaux

Pougues-les-Eaux is a railway station in Pougues-les-Eaux, Bourgogne, France. The station is located on the Moret-Lyon railway. The station is served by Intercités (long distance) and TER (local) services operated by SNCF. 
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Pougues-les-Eaux:

</doc>
<doc id="31182951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182951" title="Libellula semifasciata">
Libellula semifasciata

The Painted Skimmer ("Libellula semifasciata") is an uncommon eastern North American skimmer dragonfly, found from New Brunswick, Canada as far south as Texas and Florida.
It is a medium-sized species, at long. Each wing is amber coloured at the base and wing tip and has several brown spots. The abdomen has a lateral strip that is white anteriorly and yellow posteriorly.

</doc>
<doc id="31182955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182955" title="Rosa fedtschenkoana">
Rosa fedtschenkoana

Rosa fedtschenkoana is a species in the plant genus "Rosa" in the family Rosaceae. It is native to the foothills of the Ala Tau, Tian Shan and Pamir-Alai mountain ranges in central Asia and northwest China. It is named after Olga Fedtschenko, a Russian botanist. It is deciduous, forming a bushy and suckering shrub up to 2.5 metres high and as much across. The branches are covered in many prickles, many of which are fine and straight, but some are thicker and slightly hooked. The pinnate leaves are pale greyish green in colour and have usually between 7 and 9 leaflets. The flowers are white, up to 5 cm across, and are borne singly or in small clusters at the tips of the branches throughout the summer months. The flowers' scent has been described as being "like 'Hovis' bread with a little blackberry jam". The flowers are followed by small, pear-shaped, bristly orange-red fruits.
Recent DNA research has discovered that "R. fedtschenkoana" is one of the parents of the "damask" group of garden roses (the other species involved being "R. moschata" and "R. gallica"). This accounts for the remontant (repeat-flowering) nature of some damasks (the "autumn damasks"), as "R. fedtschenkoana" is one of the few remontant wild roses.

</doc>
<doc id="31182960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182960" title="Wirnpa">
Wirnpa

Wirnpa is a rainmaking snake who according to Aboriginal legend created the land around the Percival Lakes in Wirnpa country, Australia in the Dreamtime and whose image was used to repel outsiders.

</doc>
<doc id="31182967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182967" title="Portable subfloors">
Portable subfloors

Portable subfloors are most often temporary floors which provide a solid surface over grass, sand, turf, or any other area where a more rigid surface is required . They can be installed quickly in any area by laying down panels or rolling out and placed in a cart for ease of storage. They are typically designed for outdoor use and are extremely durable.
A subfloor is typically about 1/2" to 2" thick, and can either be installed in panels or rolled out into place. There is trim edging around the border allowing users to enter the floor safely. These subfloors are typically constructed from Polypropylene Polypropylene and require very little maintenance. The most common use for subfloors is under a portable dance floor, creating a solid surface for dancing.

</doc>
<doc id="31182969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182969" title="Gare de Fourchambault">
Gare de Fourchambault

Fourchambault is a railway station in Fourchambault, Bourgogne, France. The station is located on the Moret-Lyon railway. The station is served by Intercités (long distance) and TER (local) services operated by SNCF. 
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Fourchambault:

</doc>
<doc id="31182974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182974" title="Margaret Ménégoz">
Margaret Ménégoz

Margaret Ménégoz (born "Margit Katarina Baranyai", 21 April 1941) is a German-French film producer. She has produced over 50 films since 1976. She was a member of the jury at the 40th Berlin International Film Festival. She has worked with Michael Haneke on several of his films, including "Amour", which she was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture.

</doc>
<doc id="31182981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182981" title="Shirley Ann Place">
Shirley Ann Place

The Shirley Ann Place Historic District is located in the University Heights neighborhood of San Diego, California. The block between Madison Ave. and Monroe Ave. was designated a historic district by the City of San Diego for its 1920s Spanish Colonial Revival bungalows.
The district also includes three properties similar in style and that were part of the original development:

</doc>
<doc id="31182986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31182986" title="ArrayTrack">
ArrayTrack

ArrayTrack is a multi-purpose bioinformatics tool primarily used for microarray data management, analysis, and interpretation. ArrayTrack was developed to support in-house filter array research for the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in 2001 and was made freely available to the public as an integrated research tool for microarrays in 2003. Since then, ArrayTrack has averaged about 5,000 users per year. It is regularly updated by the National Center for Toxicological Research.
Features.
ArrayTrack is composed of three major components: Study Database, Tools, and Libraries, which primarily handle data management, analysis, and interpretation, respectively. Each of these components can be directly accessed from the other two, e.g., analysis Tools can be used directly on experimental data stored in the Study Database, and significant genes discovered from the results can be queried in the Libraries to view additional annotations and associated proteins, pathways, Gene Ontology terms, etc.
ArrayTrack is directly integrated with a variety of other bioinformatics software, such as pathway analysis tools GeneGo MetaCore and Ingenuity Pathway Analysis.
Accessibility.
ArrayTrack is freely available to the public and can be accessed online. It is run on the client's computer using a Java-based interface that connects to an Oracle database hosted by the FDA. As a Java-based application, ArrayTrack is compatible with Windows, Mac, and Linux machines.

</doc>
<doc id="31183000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183000" title="World Wide Tours bus crash">
World Wide Tours bus crash

The World Wide Tours bus crash took place on March 12, 2011, resulting in the deaths of fifteen people.
The crash took place before dawn at about 5:30 a.m. in the southbound lanes of the New England Thruway segment of Interstate 95 at the border between The Bronx and Westchester County, New York. The bus was returning to Chinatown, New York City from Mohegan Sun casino in Uncasville, Connecticut. The bus swerved and collided with a metal sign pole, which ripped through the bus and tore off most of its roof. Thirteen passengers were killed outright, two died at hospitals and the remaining 17 people on board, including the driver, were injured.
Cause of the accident.
Conditions of the crash.
Some surviving passengers have said that the driver, Ophadell Williams, fell asleep at the wheel. He was not charged initially, pending investigation. Williams said that he was awake and sober at the time of the accident. The bus driver 
blamed the accident on a tractor-trailer that he swerved to avoid, causing the bus to flip on its side and crashed into an overhead highway sign which split the bus in half. He said the two possibly hit each other.
The crash triggered an investigation by the New York State Police and National Transportation Safety Board.
Preliminary NTSB findings.
A preliminary report by the NTSB in April 2011 found that the bus was going at the time of the crash, 28 faster than the posted speed limit, and is the maximum speed of the bus. The report found that the bus had been exceeding the speed limit on I-95 45 seconds before it veered off the highway. The report said that there was no evidence of contact between the bus and a passing truck, as claimed by the driver.
The truck driver was located by authorities, denied the bus driver's account and was cleared of responsibility. State officials revoked the bus driver's driving privileges after reports became public of Williams’s criminal record, which includes serving time that Williams had convictions of manslaughter and larceny.
Prosecution of Ophadell Williams.
The driver, Ophadell Williams, was charged by the Bronx County District Attorney's office with 54 felony and misdemeanor counts, including charges of criminally negligent homicide and manslaughter. Williams was held in custody from September 2011 until the end of his trial, because he was unable to meet the $250,000 bail requirement. On December 7, 2012, the jury found Williams not guilty of all charges except one count of misdemeanor aggravated unlicensed operation of a motor vehicle.

</doc>
<doc id="31183021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183021" title="Josh Stinson">
Josh Stinson

Joshua Randall Stinson (born March 14, 1988) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the Baltimore Orioles organization.
Career.
Prior to playing professionally, Stinson attended Northwood High School in Shreveport, Louisiana. He was drafted by the New York Mets in the 37th round of the 2006 MLB Draft and began his professional career that season.
He split 2006 between the GCL Mets and the Hagerstown Suns, going a combined 1–3 with a 1.79 ERA in 12 games (seven starts). In 2007, he pitched for the Savannah Sand Gnats and went 3–11 with a 4.86 ERA in 26 games (21 starts). With the Sand Gnats and St. Lucie Mets in 2008, Stinson posted a record of 3–8 with a 3.96 ERA in 28 games (eight starts). In 2009, he pitched for the Sand Gnats and St. Lucie Mets and went 5–3 with a 2.86 ERA in 50 games (only one start). He pitched for the Binghamton Mets and the Buffalo Bisons in 2010, going 11–5 with a 3.90 ERA in 36 games (18 starts).
Stinson made his major league debut on September 2, 2011 for the Mets against the Washington Nationals. He pitched innings, giving up two hits and no runs. He also drew a walk in his first plate appearance.
The Mets waived Stinson at the end of 2012 spring training, and he was claimed by the Milwaukee Brewers. He spent the 2012 season with Milwaukee's Double-A affiliate Huntsville Stars.
2013.
Stinson was claimed off waivers by the Oakland Athletics on March 29, 2013.
On April 4, 2013, the Baltimore Orioles claimed Stinson off waivers, and optioned him to the Triple-A Norfolk Tides. He was recalled from the Class A Frederick Keys on April 24th to start against the Toronto Blue Jays. He was optioned to Norfolk after the game.
Stinson was recalled from Norfolk by the Orioles on August 17, 2013, and optioned back to Norfolk on August 19. He was recalled again on September 3 after the major league rosters expanded.
2014.
Stinson was outrighted to Triple-A Norfolk on May 1, 2014. He was added to the roster again on June 9. He was designated for assignment on June 17.

</doc>
<doc id="31183022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183022" title="Lawrence Walford">
Lawrence Walford

Lawrence Walford (born 20 January 1972 London) an award winning British television director. 
He works for Form Films with Jonah Weston.

</doc>
<doc id="31183024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183024" title="The Micronotz">
The Micronotz

The Micronotz, also known as the Mortal Micronotz, were an American punk rock/alternative rock quartet formed in 1980 in Lawrence, Kansas, that, along with bands like The Embarrassment and Get Smart!, were prominent on the local music scene in Lawrence in the early 80s.
History.
The band formed in 1980 when all the members were still teenagers. The Embarrassment were looking for an opening band for a show they had booked on December 12, 1980 at the "Off The Wall Hall" (now known as "The Bottleneck"). The Embarrassment knew John Harper and knew that we was putting a band together, so they asked him if his band could open the show, but the band hadn't actually formed yet. At this point, the band just consisted of John Harper on guitar and David Dale on bass, so a drummer and singer needed to be recruited. Dean Lubensky and Graham Reece were recruited as vocalist and drummer. Dean was a good fit and became the permanent singer, and Steve Eddy replaced Reece as the drummer.
The band soon came to the attention of local music promoter, Bill Rich, who wrote about them for his "Talk Talk" magazine and then signed them to his Fresh Sounds record label. Their first release for Fresh Sounds was the 4-band split cassette "Fresh Sounds From Middle America (vol 1)" in December 1981, just one year after the band formed. The "Fresh Sounds" compilation series was organized by Bill Rich as a way to promote regional bands nationally.
When the band discovered that Bill Rich was an acquaintance of William S. Burroughs they asked for an introduction and Burroughs would end up giving them some lyrics for a song ("Old Lady Sloan" from the "Mortal Micronotz" album).
Lead singer, Dean Lubensky, left the band sometime after the 1984 "Live Recording of the Video Soundtrack" EP. He was replaced by Jay Hauptli, who would remain the band's vocalist throughout the rest of their career and subsequent reunions.
After releasing three albums and two EPs, the band broke up in 1986. Bassist David Dale committed suicide on Sunday, January 31, 1993. The surviving band members reunited for a memorial show which was held at the Outhouse on February 6, 1993.
Renewed interest in the band lead Fresh Sounds to release two Micronotz compilations, called "Complete Recordings Volume I and II" where the first volume covered the Dean Lubensky recordings and the second covered the Jay Hauptli recordings. A tribute album was also put together featuring William S. Burroughs and various other artists. The band still does the occasional reunion show, with Matt Kesler, formerly of the Pedaljets, playing bass.
The Outhouse.
The Outhouse was a popular venue in Lawrence for punk shows and not only did the Micronotz perform there, but they also helped get the venue into shape ready to have concerts. In 1984, the band built the stage, painted the walls and cleared the brush outside.

</doc>
<doc id="31183076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183076" title="Squaramide">
Squaramide

Squaramides are amides of squaric acids. They are four membered vinylogously conjugated diamides. 
Hydrogen bonding occurs at four locations and is aided by delocalisation of electrons on Nitrogen's orbitals to the carbonyl group. H-bonding and thus delocalisation further increases ring aromaticity.

</doc>
<doc id="31183094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183094" title="Jason Berger">
Jason Berger

Jason Berger (January 22, 1924 – October 17, 2010) was a Boston landscape painter, connected to Boston Expressionism [http://www.danforthmuseum.org/boston_expressionism.html#pastexhibitsbostonexpression]. He painted from nature, "en plein air", and used favorite motifs in abstract paintings, referred to as "studio paintings". He, also, enjoyed woodcuts which were predominantly printed in black and white. Known for his humor, love of jazz, and his upbeat approach to painting, “his work expresses the joy of life and love of place”.
Biography.
Born in Malden, Massachusetts, Berger was the son of first-generation Jews from Lithuania and Latvia, on his mother’s side, and from Russia and Lithuania on his father’s side. Speaking only Yiddish till the age of three, he grew up in the Boston suburbs and attended Roxbury Memorial High School. Encouraged by his mother and uncle, J.P.Savel, illustrator for the "Boston Post", Berger’s interest and passion in painting were evident very early. As a teen in the mid-nineteen thirties, he painted "en plein air" regularly emulating the influences he saw in Boston. His love of the old masters, the immediate approach of the watercolors of John Singer Sargent and Winslow Homer, and the current trends of Modernism, Cubism and Abstraction were the influences that would stay with him throughout his life.
At a young age, he frequented the Museum of Fine Arts of Boston and haunted the Boston Public Library, reading all he could on painting and painting techniques. His focus on painting was recognized during high school by acceptance to the “Vocational Art Classes” at the Museum of Fine Arts of Boston where he studied drawing and composition in the afternoons. With this preparation, he received a full scholarship to the School of the Museum of Fine Arts of Boston in 1941. Karl Zerbe, the principle painting teacher at the school, thought Berger and his classmates, Reed Kay, Jack Kramer, David Aronson, and George Sheridan were among best students.
Karl Zerbe, a German citizen, received his position at the Museum School in 1937 after a year at Harvard University. Like Hans Hofmann, who immigrated in the 1930s to New York City, Karl Zerbe brought the tenets of European Modernism to Boston. “For eager young Americans, most of whom had traveled little—and constrained in the 1930s by the Depression and in the 1940s by World War II and its aftermath—contact with Hofmann (and Zerbe) served as an invaluable alternative for direct contact with the European sources of Modernism”.
Unlike Hoffman, whose emphasis was in abstraction and initiated the Abstract Expressionists, Zerbe was well rooted in the expressionism and spawned the Boston Expressionists. Associated with the Boston Expressionists are Jack Levine, Hyman Bloom, Khalil Gibran, as well as, Zerbe’s students-Jason Berger, David Aronson, Reed Kay, Jack Kramer, Bernie Chaet, Arthur Polonsky, and George Sheridan. In the 1940s, the Expressionist enthusiasm in Boston would materialize in exhihibitions of Max Beckmann, Chaim Soutine, Oskar Kokoschka, Marc Chagall, and James Ensor before they were exhibited in New York City.
World War II interrupted Berger's college education with three years in the Army, 1943-1946. Returning from the war, he graduated from college in 1948. Afterwards, with a traveling scholarship awarded by the School of the Museum of Fine Art, Boston, Berger went to Europe with his first wife, the painter Marilyn Powers. In addition to the European Traveling Fellowship, Berger received several awards, including the Grand Prize for Painting from Jacques Lipchitz at the Boston Arts Festival in 1956 and the Clarissa Bartlett Traveling Award in 1957. While in France, Berger studied with cubist sculptor Ossip Zadkine in Paris and frequented Georges Braque's studio. He also met Matisse and absorbed the direct influences of Bonnard, Dufy, Picasso and Soutine.
Upon his return to the United States, Berger began teaching first at Mount Holyoke College (1955), and then enjoyed a long tenure teaching at the School of the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston (1956–69). He taught briefly at Wellesley College (1957–59), The State University of New York at Buffalo (1969–70) and The Metropolitan College at Boston University (1971–72). Until his retirement, he taught at The Art Institute of Boston (1973–88).
During the summers, the Bergers traveled and painted en plein air in France, Mexico and Portugal. After his wife, Marilyn Powers, died in 1976 of cancer, he returned to Portugal where he met Estela Cuoto who became his second wife in 1978. They eventually moved to Portugal in 1994. Berger lost his second wife, Estela, in 1997. Berger remained in Portugal, where he eventually married the painter Leena Rekola in 1999. The couple moved back to Boston in March 2008. He died in October 2010.
Berger continued to work directly from nature until his death, always putting the "picture first and feeding nature into it". This focus on combining the formal elements of color, shape and compositional scheme to make a good picture, never interfered with an overall joy of discovery through the act of painting. His approach was direct, his vision clear, and his paintings full of structural elegance, with the results a positive and optimistic expression.
Collections.
Berger's work can be found in numerous private collections, as well as in the permanent collections of many institutions which include: Museum of Modern Art, New York City; Guggenheim Museum, New York City, folder list#000565;Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, MA [http://www.mfa.org/search/collections?keyword=Jason+Berger Boston Sheraton, Boston Massachusetts; Chase National Bank, New York City; Danforth Museum of Art, Framingham, MA Hoyt Institute of Fine Arts, New Castle, PA [http://hoytartcenter.org/; Rockefeller Medical Center, New York City, Rose Art Museum, Brandeis University, Waltham, MA; Simmons College, Boston, MA and Smith College Museum of Art, Northampton, MA.; The Jane Voorhees Zimmerli Art Museum, Rutgers University, New Brunswick, NJ
Exhibitions.
A prolific painter, Berger began exhibiting while still a student with Boris Mirski Gallery and Swetzoff Gallery, as well as the Institute of Modern Art (now Institute of Contemporary Art, Boston). The latter gave him a solo exhibition in 1950. The artist has also exhibited in a number of museums, including the Art Institute of Chicago; Museum of Modern Art, NYC [http://www.moma.org/docs/press_archives/2069/releases/MOMA_1956_0050_40A.pdf?2010]; Addison Gallery of American Art, Andover, MA; Danforth Museum of Art, Framingham, MA; DeCordova Museum and Sculpture Park, Lincoln, MA; Fitchburg Museum of Art, Fitchburg, MA; Smith College Museum of Art, Northampton, MA; Worcester Museum of Art, Worcester, MA. He has also exhibited widely in France, Mexico and Portugal.

</doc>
<doc id="31183117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183117" title="Pray the Gay Away?">
Pray the Gay Away?

"Pray the Gay Away?" is a 2011 episode of the American television series "Our America with Lisa Ling". The episode, hosted by Ling, profiles several people as they seek to reconcile their homosexuality with their Christianity. It originally aired on OWN: Oprah Winfrey Network on March 8, 2011.
Speaking for those who believe that Christianity and homosexuality are incompatible was Alan Chambers, president of Exodus International, an ex-gay organization. Also interviewed were Janet Boynes, a woman who states she "walked away" from lesbianism eleven years earlier and who now runs her own ex-gay ministry, a man named Christian whom Janet has been counseling for the last four years and another man named Ethan, whom Ling met at an Exodus conference. Each of the men acknowledged that they still had feelings of attraction to the same sex. Only Boynes said she had no such feelings.
Ling also interviewed several people who had reconciled their sexuality and their faith. Among them was Michael Bussee, who had co-founded Exodus International in 1976 only to leave the group in 1979 when he found himself falling in love with another male founding member. Ling spotlighted The Naming Project, a summer camp program for gay and questioning Christian young people. Gay Lutheran and Naming Project co-founder Jay Wiesner was interviewed along with campers Chelsea, who went from being a closeted cheerleader to an openly lesbian prom queen, and Julian, who had been fired as a counselor-in-training at a Christian camp just two weeks before filming when his homosexuality was discovered.
Ling's examination of these two "paths" led her to conclude, "I'm not sure which path is more difficult, but while they couldn't be more different, I think they're both traveling in the same direction."
Following the broadcast, Gayle King hosted Ling for a one-hour live program called "Pray the Gay Away? The Conversation Continues" featuring follow-up interviews with some of the participants and telephone calls from the public. Also appearing was Rashad Robinson from the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation (GLAAD) who questioned Ling's decision not to place the individual stories she reported into the larger context of anti-gay discrimination in the United States and psychologist Andrea Macåri who noted that there is no reputable medical evidence that sexual orientation can be changed.
Critical response.
GLAAD Media Strategist Justin Ward criticized "Pray the Gay Away?" for asking "a question that's already been answered". Noting that it has been almost 40 years since the American Psychological Association concluded that homosexuality is not a disorder, Ward called OWN "irresponsible" for broadcasting a program that he said had the potential to do harm to young people who may be enduring bullying and harassment for being gay. Ling, he added, should have included more information on the Christian denominations that accept LGBT people and that literal interpretation is only one of many ways to interpret the Bible.
Wayne Besen, founder of Truth Wins Out and a vocal critic of the ex-gay movement, faulted "Pray the Gay Away?" and Ling for an apparent lack of research into Exodus. He noted in particular the statement that "Exodus no longer promises to make you straight", which he disputed, and the failure to note that Janet Boynes is listed as a resource on Exodus's website. Besen called on OWN to refrain from re-broadcasting the episode.
A reviewer for gay-interest website AfterElton.com took Ling to task for presenting the ex-gay movement and the gay people of faith movement as morally equivalent. Noting a quote of Ling's from an earlier episode of "Our America" in which she deplores the manipulation of peoples' faith, he expressed disappointment at Ling's failure to expose the manipulations perpetrated by Exodus. Conversely, a reviewer for AfterElton's sister site, the lesbian-interest AfterEllen.com, called the episode "balanced and moving". Finding the episode to be less of a full exploration of the subject and more of a starting point for dialogue, she hoped that Ling would revisit the topic in a future episode and focus on whether sexual orientation is biologically based or behavioural.
Follow-up.
On August 21, 2012, OWN aired a follow-up to "Pray the Gay Away?" entitled "Pray the Gay Away? — Breaking News". In it, Ling interviews Alan Chambers again about supposed changes in both his positions and the stances of Exodus International on the ex-gay subject. She also catches up with Christian, whom Ling describes as having "lost a little bit of light in his eyes".
OWN aired a third, special episode of "Our America" on June 20, 2013. Entitled "God & Gays", it featured a meeting between Alan Chambers and several "ex-gay survivors" in which Chambers issued an apology for the pain they experienced from trying to change their sexual orientation. Christian attended the meeting and in an interview explains that he has "come out, quietly, to and that he is hopeful about building a community of like-minded people. Chambers expressed uncertainty about his own future and the future of Exodus International. The special aired one day after Exodus announced that it was disbanding.

</doc>
<doc id="31183135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183135" title="CB Santurtzi SK">
CB Santurtzi SK

Club Baloncesto Santurtzi Saskibaloia Kluba is a professional basketball team based in Santurtzi, Basque Country, Spain. It was founded in 1987. From 2009 to 2011, the team played LEB Plata.
In 2011, Santurtzi resigned to their spot in LEB Plata due to having insufficient support.

</doc>
<doc id="31183149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183149" title="YokosoNews">
YokosoNews

YokosoNews is a live video streaming site in English dedicated to Japanese culture, lifestyle and entertainment.
2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami.
During the aftermath of 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami, YokosoNews interrupted its regular schedule and dedicated its broadcast to the latest news on the earthquake and developing nuclear accidents.
They provided real time translations of both breaking news from major Japanese media outlets as well as the press conferences held by the government and its agencies, TEPCO and others. Starting in mid-April, YokosoNews began to provide weekly disaster updates.

</doc>
<doc id="31183152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183152" title="Endocrinology of reproduction">
Endocrinology of reproduction

Hormonal regulation occurs at every stage of development. A milieu of hormones simultaneously affects development of the fetus during embryogenesis and the mother, perhaps most notably human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) and progesterone (P4).
Embryogenesis.
Human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG), progesterone, 17β-estradiol, endorphins and gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) synthesis are rapidly upregulated by the developing embryo following fertilization of the ovum. 
During early embryonic development, paracrine/juxtacrine signaling of hCG induces blastulation and neurulation. An in vitro model of early human embryogenesis (human embryonic stem cells (hESCs)) has demonstrated that hCG promotes cell proliferation via the LH/hCG receptor (LHCGR). hCG signaling upregulates the expression of steroidogenic acute regulatory protein (StAR)-mediated cholesterol transport and the synthesis of progesterone in hESC. The production of progesterone at this time induces embryroid body (akin to blastulation) and rosette (akin to neurulation) formation in vitro. Progesterone induces the differentiation of pluripotent hESC to neural precursor cells. 
Suppression of P4 signaling following withdrawal of progesterone, or treatment with the progesterone receptor antagonist RU-486 (mifepristone), inhibits the differentiation of hESC colonies into embryoid bodies (blastulation) or rosettes (neurulation). RU-486, a drug commonly used to terminate pregnancy in its early stages, acts not only to abort the embryo, but also to inhibit normal embryonic development.
Influence of Maternal Hormones.
Pregnancy-associated hormones such as hCG and sex steroids regulate numerous biological processes in the maternal system prior to and during pregnancy. The embryo orchestrates biological changes that occur in both the embryo and the mother. The embryo upregulates hCG, drives growth of the cell, and upregulates P4 production driving development. hCG and P4 direct changes in the mother to enable successful pregnancy (see below) via upregulation of specific hormones that act to direct both endocrinological and biological changes within the mother for successful pregnancy.
Maintenance of the endometrial lining.
The early embryo has 1–2 weeks in order to produce sufficient hCG in order to stabilize the endometrial lining to allow for blastocyst attachment. The dramatic increase in trophoblastic and corpus luteal hCG synthesis signals both blastocyst and corpus luteal production of P4, crucial for the maintenance of the endometrium.
Attachment and invasion of cytotrophoblast into endometrium.
hCG secreted by cytotrophoblastic cells of the blastocyst controls endometrial tissue remodeling by both activation of matrix matalloproteinases (MMP) that control the maternal extracellular matrix and inhibition of tissue-inhibitors of matrix-metalloproteinases (TIMP). hCG mediates invasion and attachment to the endometrium. Low levels of hCG increase risk of pre-eclampsia.
Uterine angiogenesis.
Uterine angiogenesis is upregulated by human chorionic gonadotropin and progesterone and downregulated by estrogen. The balance of influences of progesterone and estrogen determine the state of angiogenesis in the uterus during early pregnancy.
Suppression of the maternal immune system.
High levels of progesterone produced by the embryonic placenta regulate lymphocyte proliferation at the maternal-fetal interface, locally suppressing maternal immune response against the developing embryo.
Suppression of GnRH secretion to prevent further follicular maturation.
Negative feedback of progesterone inhibits hypothalamic pulsatile GnRH neurosecretion, ovulatory GnRH release and pituitary gonadotropin surges thereby effectively preventing further follicular maturation.
Preparation of maternal metabolic systems.
Progesterone regulates metabolism of carbohydrates, proteins, and lipids, resulting in physiological changes associated with pregnancy. The mix of hormones characteristic of early pregnancy promote natural growth of maternal tissues and weight gain. In the second half of pregnancy, progesterone and prolactin prepare the mammary glands for lactation.
Preparation of mammary glands for lactation.
Estrogens and progesterone promote mammary epithelial cell proliferation resulting in the formation of the primary and secondary ductal structure. Progesterone induces formation of tertiary side-branches in the mammary glands during puberty and during the luteal phase of the menstrual cycle upon which lobuloalveolar structures form under the influence of prolactin. Prolactin stimulates lactogenesis.
Induction of sleep.
hCG appears to be soporific during pregnancy; levels of hCG correlate with sleep changes during pregnancy, and administration of hCG increases sleep in rats likely via neuronal LHCGR.

</doc>
<doc id="31183157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183157" title="Karoline Bjørnson">
Karoline Bjørnson

Karoline Bjørnson (née Reimers, 1835 – 1934) was a Norwegian actress. She is best known as the wife and supporter of poet, playwright, popular speaker and Nobel laureate Bjørnstjerne Bjørnson, being model for several of Bjørnson's literary women figures, and helping out with articles and other literary works. Several of Bjørnson's poems are dedicated to his wife Karoline. The figures "Klara Sang" and "Tora Parsberg" are modelled after her.
She was the mother of theatre director Bjørn Bjørnson. She died at Aulestad in 1934, 98 years old.
Legacy.
Eyolf Soot's painting of Bjørnstjerne and Karoline Bjørnson from 1897 is located in the National Gallery of Norway. She was portrayed by Bernhard Folkestad in 1912, and by Olaf Gulbransson in 1923. She was biographed by Øyvind Anker, in his book "Boken om Karoline" from 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="31183214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183214" title="Helastia mutabilis">
Helastia mutabilis

Helastia mutabilis is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is endemic to New Zealand, where it is known from both the North and South Islands.
The length of the forewings is 9.5-13.1 mm. The forewings are triangular with a brownish white to grey coloration and brown to dark brown wavy transverse lines.
The larvae feed on moss species of the "Racomitrion" genus.

</doc>
<doc id="31183234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183234" title="Pukazhenthi">
Pukazhenthi

Velappan Nair (September 27, 1929 – February 27, 2005), popularly known as Pukazhenthi, was an Indian music director of Malayalam, Tamil and Telegu films.
Biography.
Pukazhenthi was born on 27 September 1929, in Thiruvananthapuram, to Keshapillai and Janaki Amma. He did his schooling at V. M. School, Chala. He adopted the name of the famous Tamil poet Pukazhenthi on starting his career as a music director. He started his career as a music director scoring music for the songs of the Tamil play "Thozhan". His "guru" M. P. Sivam (M. Parameswaran Nair) introduced him to music director K. V. Mahadevan, which was a turning point in his career. Pukezhenthi worked as Mahadevan's associate in 250 films in Tamil, Telugu and Malayalam. After scoring music for a few Tamil films, Pukazhenthi debuted in Malayalam with "Muthalali" (1965). Within a career spanning more than 15 years, he scored just 12 films in Malayalam, but most of them had several evergreen songs. He also scored a few Tamil and Telegu films, and some devotional songs in all the four South Indian languages. His last work came in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="31183237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183237" title="Sociedade Imperatriz de Desportos">
Sociedade Imperatriz de Desportos

Sociedade Imperatriz de Desportos, commonly known as Imperatriz, is a Brazilian football club based in Imperatriz, Maranhão state. They competed in the Série B once, in the Série C five times and in the Copa do Brasil twice.
History.
The club was founded on January 4, 1962 as Sociedade Atlética Imperatriz. The club competed in the 1987 Série B, which was the White Module of the Copa União, being eliminated in the First Stage of the competition. Imperatriz competed in the Série C in 1995, when they were eliminated in the Second Stage of the competition by Intercap. The club was renamed to Sociedade Esportiva Imperatriz on February 2, 2000. and soon after that to Sociedade Impeatriz de Desportos, which is its current name. They competed again in the Série C in 2002, when they were eliminated in the First Stage. The club competed in the Série C in 2003, when they were eliminated in the Fourth Stage by Tuna Luso. Imperatriz were eliminated in the First Stage in the 2005 Série C, but in the same year they won the Campeonato Maranhense. They competed in the Copa do Brasil in 2006, when they were eliminated in the first round by Vitória. The club was eliminated in the Second Stage in the 2007 Série C Imperatriz competed again in the Copa do Brasil in 2008, when they were eliminated in the first round by Sport.
Stadium.
Sociedade Imperatriz de Desporto play their home games at Estádio Frei Epifânio D'Abadia, nicknamed "Danielzinho". The stadium has a maximum capacity of 10,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31183242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183242" title="Running Scared (Eldar &amp; Nigar song)">
Running Scared (Eldar &amp; Nigar song)

"Running Scared" is a song performed by Azerbaijani duo Eldar & Nigar (also known as Ell and Nikki). It won the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 for Azerbaijan, held in Düsseldorf, Germany. The song was performed in, and qualified from, the first semi-final on 10 May. It was performed in the final on 14 May, and won with 221 points. Ell and Nikki were the first mixed-gender duo to win the contest since 1963 and the first winners from Azerbaijan.
Background.
Prior to the release of "Running Scared", neither singer had performed in a duo. According to Eldar Gasimov, at the initial stage, both singers were unsure of the success of such a project. Furthermore after their victory at Eurovision, when asked about planning to continue to work together in an interview to "Daily Mail", Nigar Jamal said her primary concern was to pursue a solo career, although she did not rule out the possibility of more joint projects with Eldar Gasimov.
Production and selection.
"Running Scared" was chosen from among 70 submissions coming from both Azerbaijan and abroad which were received by ITV within four weeks from January 10. Eldar Gasimov stated that the song was a perfect common ground for the singers' varying styles, voices and spirits.
The authors of the song are Stefan Örn, Sandra Bjurman from Sweden together with Iain Farquharson from the UK. Örn and Bjurman are also authors of the song "Drip Drop", which represented Azerbaijan at the Eurovision Song Contest 2010.
Acoustic and remix versions of the song were made by German DJ Azzido Da Bass in late April 2011.
"Running Scared" set a new record for lowest average score on a Eurovision winner, earning 5.26 points per jury and breaking the previous record held by Helena Paparizou's "My Number One", the 2005 winner.
Music video.
The official videoclip for "Running Scared" was released on 11 April 2011 and was directed by Tarmo Krimm. It was preceded by a promotional video released earlier in March. Krimm, who was also the producer of the Eurovision Song Contest 2002 held in his native Estonia, won the right to direct this videoclip after submitting his proposal in February 2011.
The video was shot in southern Crimea, the videoclip features Ell taking photographs of Nikki as she appears sitting on a cliff with a Labrador Retriever and taking a ride on a cable car. These scenes are interrupted by shots of Ell and Nikki singing both separately and together. In the end, Ell is shown climbing up the cliff while Nikki looks at him tenderly, and the joined couple sings the final chorus standing face-to-face.

</doc>
<doc id="31183248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183248" title="King County Labor Council">
King County Labor Council

The Martin Luther King. Jr. County Labor Council, AFL-CIO, (MLKCLC) is the central body of labor organizations in King County, Washington. The MLKCLC is affiliated with the national AFL-CIO, the central labor organization in the United States, which represents more than 13 million working people. Over 125 organizations are affiliated with the MLKCLC, and more than 75,000 working men and women belong to Council-affiliated organizations. Not only does the MLKCLC support labor organizations, but it acts as a voice for the interests and needs of the working people in King County, WA.
Mission statement.
The core responsibilities of the MLKCLC are to assist workers and their unions in the struggle for social and economic justice; support efforts to organize and bargain fair contracts; lobby, endorse and involve working people in the political process; advocate and support laws that protect working people; support community services outreach work; and unite with community allies who are also struggling for justice.
Early years 1888-1903.
In 1888 the West Central Labor Union (WCLU) was organized by its first president, O.F. Wegener, in Seattle, Washington. The WCLU is the first of many names the Council has adopted over the years. Despite being a union itself, the WCLU represented almost every trade and labor union in the area including the Knights of Labor Assembly and the Miners Unions of Newcastle, Cedar Mountain and Renton.
One of the many ways the WCLU promoted their cause of workers’ rights was through Labor Day Parades held on Labor Day. The parades represented every trade union of Seattle with AFL and Knights of Labor leaders’ pictures displayed throughout the parade. Along with Labor Day Parades, the WCLU advocated for workers by obtaining direct control over its newspaper the Union Record in 1903 by buying it from its publisher. The Union Record was the “official organ” of the WCLU and it strived to exclude politics, emphasizing that it was “not a socialist paper.”
In 1891 Oregon Improvement Co. brought in hundreds of black laborers from the South into various mining towns in King County to break labor disputes. The Miners Unions responded by appealing to the WLCU for moral and financial support. In spite of strong support the mine owners prevailed in large part due to the economic depression at the time. As a result of this defeat, the Knights of Labor and trade unions in the WLCU went into a period of decline.
Although the WCLU aimed at promoting fair labor by operating its own employment referral “hiring hall,” in 1893 public criticism of this effort arose centered around complaints of excessive fees and fictitious jobs. This criticism prompted the WCLU to collaborate with the unorganized workers which, along with W.G. Armstrong of the Typographers Union, worked to pass an ordinance by the city council which established the free employment bureau. The bureau was solidified by the charter provision and consolidated with the Civil Service Department in 1895. During this time, the charter reelected 15 freeholders from organized labor and addressed eight-hour work days and safety inspection of boilers in the work place. [Central
The late 1800s and early 1900s saw a growth in the organization and an increase in union memberships. In 1900 several new unions – Cooks and Waitresses Union, Barbers Union, Leather Workers Union and Telephone Operators Union – were organized and joined the WCLU. Due to the growth, $14,000 was raised to build a new Labor Temple in Seattle, WA. Mainstay unions of the WCLU at this time were the Sailors, Brewery Workers, Cigarmakers, Tailors, Stonecutters, Typographers, Iron Molders, Stage Employees, Musicians, Bricklayers, Printing Pressmen and Newsboys unions. [Central
SCLC 1905-1919.
In 1905 the WCLU changed its name to the Central Labor Council of Seattle and Vicinity, which was often called the Seattle Central Labor Council (SCLC) or simply the Central Labor Council. The council was a key supporter of the Populist movement, as represented by the organizing of the People’s Party during the rise and fall of the progressive coalition from 1909 to 1917.
In 1914 there labor shortages prompted unions to organize much of Seattle’s workforce. The SCLC went through a radical phase which manifested itself as strong support for the progressive coalition. This momentum was lost with the ending of World War I in 1918 and the resulting layoff and economic depression. [AFL-CIO] The layoffs and regressive bargaining by employers post war led the SCLC to call the Seattle General Strike of 1919. The strike had over 65,000 Seattle workers walk out, and was heavily supported by the American Federation of Labor (AFL) and the Industrial Workers of the World (IWW). Fears that the strike was a radical effort to destabilize and overthrow the government doomed the strike, causing the AFL to pressure leaders to end the strike. A lack of common vision in terms of the goals of the strike is typically credited as the reason the strike failed to achieve the progressive reforms envisioned by the organizers.
After the end of the Strike, employers organized an open-shop drive that de-unionized most of King County. The rise of more centrist labor elements post-strike led to power struggles within the SCLC that culminated in a vote to expel several of the more radical IWW activists. The Council became more conservative and eventually began to “tread the line of Craft Unionism”. This resulted in a decline of membership. [AFL-CIO]
Conservative influence 1920-1955.
From 1920 to 1955 only AFL-affiliated unions were represented by the SCLC. During this phase there was a considerable conservative influence from Dave Beck, a prominent Teamster on the West Coast and eventual President of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters (IBT). Although he was instrumental in rebuilding the strength of organized labor in Seattle, his conservative business unionism approach was very different from the Council’s previous radical ideologies.
During the Great Depression, many workers favored Beck’s conservative style over the more progressive politics of the Congress of Industrial Organizations (CIO). As a result, Seattle was an anti-radical, closed shop, AFL town. Throughout Beck’s influence, the SCLC stayed away from politics and only endorsed “moderate pro-labor Democrats,” rejecting leftist coalitions.
Reentry into local politics 1955-1960s.
In 1955 the AFL and CIO merged, which greatly expanded the SCLC bringing the CIO’s more politically active approach to the council. During this time, the council combated statewide "Right-to-Work" open shop efforts enabled by passage of the national Taft-Hartley Act of 1947. The SCLC was a leading player in the defeat of these measures. [AFL-CIO]
In response to Right to Work attacks the SCLC started a "pro-labor public relations campaign" in 1959. The campaign was a way for labor leaders to get their voice heard by using radio and television medians. It also donated to many charities and became involved in other civic activities. [AFL-CIO]
By 1968, the Seattle Central Labor Council changed its name to King County Labor Council (KCLC).
In 1961, Chet Ramage, Executive Secretary-Treasurer of the King County Labor Council led an effort to allow Sunday liquor sales by banning the Washington 1909 “blue law”, which outlaws the sale of liquor on Sundays. In spite of a robust campaign, the legislature took no action based on opposing letters and telegrams. The proposal raised awareness about race, collective bargaining and politics.
Although the KCLC had reentered more progressive local politics, there was still some remnants of business unionism facilitating a no-strike agreement for the construction and operation of the facilities for 1962 World’s Fair. [AFL-CIO] There were threats to strike the Fair, dubbed the Century 21 Exposition, because the concessionaires, exhibitors and departments resisted protected labor activism among their employees.
In 1964 the KCLC’s political arm, the "Committee on Political Education", was very effective in local elections. The growth of the public sector unions and the addition of progressive CIO unions saw it back expanded social services and public housing proposals. Seattle civil rights groups were eventually supported by the Council in the 1960s, as well. [AFL-CIO]
"The Scanner", a biweekly labor newspaper, was born on August 30, 1968. The KCLC published the newspaper and distributed it to its 138 AFL-CIO affiliated unions and reached about 75,000 people on average. Its purpose was to keep members informed on union actions and it was known for advertising union businesses. A special feature of the newspaper included the KCLC’s regular list of businesses to boycott. "The Scanner" was heavily involved in politics and often endorsed candidates from the Democratic Party. With the emergence of the electronic communication age, publication of "The Scanner" ended in 1992.
1970s.
During the 1970s the KCLC grew more and more pro-active on progressive labor rights. They urged and sanctioned many strikes throughout the King County area. In 1971 a radical resolution was passed by the delegate body empowering the KCLC to call for a national one day strike against President Richard Nixon because of what it believed to be his unfair and unworkable labor policies. Although that proposal did not result in a national work stoppage, the KCLC moved to address a festering local issue by sanctioning the first teachers strike in Washington, led by American Federation of Teachers (AFT) members at Seattle Community College in 1972.
In 1974 the Arab Oil Embargo and subsequent worldwide oil shortage spurred then Executive Secretary Treasurer James K. Bender to threaten a city-wide strike because unregulated gasoline distribution could lead to shortages that would prevent workers from getting to work.
The KCLC continued to be involved in various strikes for workers’ rights such as the Custodians strike of 1975, and the sanctioning of the second Seattle Community College strike of 1976.
1980s.
The KCLC strengthened their stance on pro-labor rights when they actively supported the Hotel and Restaurant Employees strike of 1981. Twenty-one restaurants and hotels were affected around the greater Seattle area. The Council urged all of its members to honor picket lines, while offering strike benefits, as well. An estimated 2000–3000 restaurant employees and 5000 hotel employees walked out in a demand for higher wages.
In 1984, the Council’s 50,000 union members were asked to oppose levies proposed by the Seattle School District to show support for school custodians and other union workers who had been working for two years without a contract. The proposed levies included a $69.5 million two-year operating levy and a $64 million, six-year levy for capital improvements.
The KCLC supported the players strike against the National Football League in 1987. Then Executive Secretary Treasurer Dan Bickford urged a protest against NFL Seattle Seahawks games that used strike replacement players. Bickford affirmed that the same issues other unions face: “worker rights, fair treatment, fair share of revenues and the right to bargain and speak without reprisal” were issues that every working person faced.
In July 1989 the media highlighted KCLC’s refusal to make a political candidate endorsement based on the pro-choice abortion issue. Women’s rights advocates urged organized labor’s support for the upcoming elections. However, the KCLC took a more conservative position that pro-choice issues were not labor issues.
That same month, the KCLC asked its members to not cross picket lines of nurses belonging to Washington’s largest health care provider, Group Health. The strike centered on pay and proper staffing levels. It was reported that 95% of the hospital’s nurses went on strike.
1990s.
In 1991 the KCLC, and its 85,000 members, opposed a project by the Seattle School Board called Step Forward. The project’s purpose was designed to promote school leadership and public education which was established by CEOs from Safeco, Boeing and other large corporations. However, KCLC President Dale Daugherty deemed Step Forward as “the attempt of business to seize control of the School Board and turn it into a board that functions like boards of directors of corporations.” The KCLC stated that many of those same corporations, like Boeing, have been against tax laws that would benefit public education. A coalition in opposition to this effort was formed by the KCLC, called "Public in Public Education". Its focus emphasized funding for schools and education reform.
Two months later, the KCLC threatened a boycott of Nordstrom, a popular local clothing store seeking to expand out of its Seattle base, after an internal battle between the company and United Food and Commercial Workers Union Local 1001'. The union instituted a negative publicity campaign against Nordstrom based on unfair worker treatment that included a class-action lawsuit claiming that workers were forced to work “off the clock” – uncompensated hours. However, the union was decertified in an election when Nordstrom employees voted against union representation.
In 1993, during the KCLC’s Labor Day picnic, a yearly institution that had replaced the annual Labor Day Parade, Washington Governor Mike Lowry expressed his support for the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA). NAFTA was widely opposed by the U.S. labor movement and Lowry’s announcement was not well received. The agreement proposed to allow the free movement of goods, services and investments between the United States, Canada and Mexico without restrictions. Labor’s position in opposition centered on concerns relating to a wage “race to the bottom” if the higher wage U.S. economy was forced to compete directly with the relatively low wages of Mexico.
In 1997, the KCLC sponsored a rally by the Washington apple workers with a demand for higher wages and better working conditions. The Teamsters and the United Farm Workers unions were heavily involved in the rally. Other sponsors included Jobs With Justice, the Washington Association of Churches and the Washington Alliance for Immigrants and Refugee Justice.
In the summer of 1998, the KCLC, along with help from its affiliates created a Seattle Organizing Center (SOC) that aimed at recruiting and training workers looking to organize. The teachers of First Hill Day Care center hoped to use the SOC as a way to finally unionize. While this effort was ultimately unsuccessful, it signaled a growing emphasis by the central labor council in grass roots organizing.
The KCLC developed a Right to Organize Plan in 1999 for the Seattle Unions Now (SUN) program. SUN was a KCLC sponsored organization dedicated to capacity-building, multi-union efforts, ambitious unions and labor campaigns. The Right to Organize Plan focused on mobilizing, community and religious outreach, political accountability and organizing contingent workers.
In November 30, 1999 the KCLC was a key player in a nationwide historical event, the protests of the World Trade Organization Ministerial Conference (WTO). The protests set for the Washington Trade and Convention Center in Seattle sought to emphasize 21st century free trade as promoted by the supporters of economic globalization, the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund (IMF). A broad coalition of progressive activists protested the larger effects of globalization in terms of issues like environmental protection and animal rights issues. The KCLC, along with many other pro-labor groups, voiced its concerns on “forced labor and substandard working conditions in developing countries, where increasing numbers of U.S. corporations were relocating to take advantage of cheap labor.” The environmentalists and pro-labor activists protested side by side facing very aggressive law enforcement tactics that included the used tear gas and curfews. Then KCLC Executive Secretary Treasurer Ron Judd, established a “Hate Free Zone” at the Seattle Labor Temple in the downtown Belltown neighborhood as a place where protesters would not be harassed by law enforcement.
2000-2009.
The first major labor action in the new century occurred in 2000 when the KCLC actively supported aerospace giant Boeing’s striking engineers and technicians as represented by the then unaffiliated Society of Professional Engineering Employees in Aerospace (SPEEA). The KCLC’s affiliated AFL-CIO unions joined together with SPEEA during a 31-day strike against Boeing. As a result of the success of the strike SPEEA affiliated with the International Professional and Technical Employees Union and the KCLC.
By 2003 the issue of immigrant rights came to the fore with then KCLC Executive Secretary Steve Williamson, voicing his support of the “Immigrant Workers Freedom Ride”' – a bus trip of immigration activists from all over the U.S. to Washington D.C. The KCLC by then had helped establish the nonprofit "Hate Free Zone Campaign of Washington" leveraging the success associated with the Hate Free Zone WTO effort into a new organization devoted to advocating for immigrant rights.
In 2005 the KCLC joined a Seattle protest against the War in Iraq. This 5,000-strong protest mirrored a much larger protest in Washington D.C. on September 24, 2005. The nation’s capitol protest included tens of thousands of anti-war activists.
In 2005 the KCLC changed its name to the "Martin Luther King, Jr. County Labor Council" (MLKCLC).
In 2006 the MLKCLC elected the current Executive Secretary, David Freiboth, who formerly served as the national president of the Inlandboatmen’s Union of the Pacific for 12 years and had served as the Maritime Trades representative to the MLKCLC Executive Board. Prior executive secretary, Steve Williamson left the council to join United Food and Commercial Workers Local 21.
The MLKCLC’s 2006 Labor Day picnic was covered by Seattle P-I reporter who interviewed labor leaders on the declining membership of unions, not only nationwide, but statewide, as well. Although 19% of Washington’s workforce is unionized, across the nation only 12.5% of workers belong to a union. Labor leaders expressed a need for the renewal of organized labor tactics.
In 2009 the MLKCLC supported the Metropolitan King County Council’s decision to enact a “don’t ask” immigration law that prevents illegal immigrants from being forced to tell their immigration status when seeking public-health services or when dealing with sheriff's deputies. The King County Council said it was to discourage racial profiling and decrease the fear of seeking health care.

</doc>
<doc id="31183274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183274" title="2004–05 Gonzaga Bulldogs men's basketball team">
2004–05 Gonzaga Bulldogs men's basketball team

The 2004–05 Gonzaga Bulldogs men's basketball team represented Gonzaga University in the NCAA men's Division I competition.
Schedule.
!colspan=9| Regular Season
!colspan=9| 2005 West Coast Conference Tournament
!colspan=9| NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="31183278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183278" title="List of hawthorn species with black fruit">
List of hawthorn species with black fruit

Most species of "Crataegus" (hawthorn) have red fruit, some have yellow fruit, and a number of species can have black or purple fruit.
North American species.
The Kutenai called black hawthorn berries kasha (Ktunaxa: kaǂa).

</doc>
<doc id="31183280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183280" title="B. J. Anthony">
B. J. Anthony

Benny Charles "B. J." Anthony, Jr. (born 20 July 1988) is a New Zealand professional basketball player who currently plays for the Wellington Saints of the New Zealand NBL.
Professional career.
In 2008, Anthony began his professional career when he joined the Harbour Heat for the 2008 New Zealand NBL season. Later that year, he joined Herzoege Wolfenbuettel of the German Pro B for the 2008–09 season. During that season, he also spent time with SG MTV/BG 93 Wolfenbuttel of the lower Regionalliga.
In 2009, he re-joined the Harbour Heat for the 2009 New Zealand NBL season. Later that year, he re-joined Herzoege Wolfenbuettel for the 2009–10 season. In January 2010, he left Herzoege due to the birth of his first child. He later re-joined the Harbour Heat for the 2010 New Zealand NBL season.
In June 2010, he signed with the New Zealand Breakers as a development player for the 2010–11 NBL season.
In February 2011, Anthony signed with the Waikato Pistons for the 2011 New Zealand NBL season. Later that year, he signed a two-year deal with the New Zealand Breakers.
In October 2011, Anthony signed with the OceanaGold Nuggets for the 2012 New Zealand NBL season. However, due to an injury sustained while playing for the New Zealand Breakers during the 2011–12 NBL season, Anthony missed the entire 2012 season. In May 2012, he was released from the second year of his two-year contract with the Breakers. Later that year, re-signed with the Nuggets for the 2013 season.
In January 2013, Anthony joined BBC Solarto Eagles Magdeburg of Germany for the rest of the 2012–13 season. He went on to be named to the league's all-star five.
On 20 April 2013, Anthony made his debut for the Nuggets. He recorded a career high 34 points to go with 12 rebounds in a 111-77 victory over the Super City Rangers. He was subsequently named Round 1 Player of the Week for his performance.
On 20 June 2013, Anthony signed a two-year deal with the Adelaide 36ers.
On 11 February 2014, Anthony signed with the Wellington Saints for the 2014 New Zealand NBL season.
International career.
Anthony was selected to join the Tall Blacks on 17 August 2009 for the first time as an injury replacement for Jeremiah Trueman. He participated in the 2009 FIBA Oceania Championship averaging 7.5 points and 4.5 rebounds for the team. He also represented New Zealand at the 2010 FIBA World Championship in Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="31183283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183283" title="Nigamananda Paramahansa">
Nigamananda Paramahansa

Swami Nigamananda Paramahansa (18 August 1880— 29 November 1935) (, , ) was a sadguru, a yogi and a Hindu spiritual leader well known in Eastern India. He was a Hindu guru, a Hindu philosopher associated with the shakti cult and viewed as a perfect spiritual master of tantra, gyan, yoga and prema or bhakti His followers idealized him as their worshipped and beloved thakura (ठाकुर).
Nigamananda was born into a Brahmin family in the hamlet of Kutabpur in Nadia district (at present Meherpur district Bangladesh). He was a sannyasi from Shankar's cult. After his ordination as a sannyasi he came to be known as "Paribrajakacharya Paramahansa Srimat Swami Nigamananda Saraswati Deva"(परिब्राजकाचार्य परमहंस श्रीमद स्वामी निगमानंद सरस्वती देव).
Nigamananda's followers believe that he achieved siddhi (perfection) in four different sadhanas (spiritual disciplines): tantra, gyan, yoga and prema. Based on these experiences, he wrote five Bengali language books: "Brahamcharya Sadhana" (ब्रह्मचर्य साधन), "Yogi Guru" (योगिगुरु), "Gyani Guru" (ज्ञानीगुरु), "Tantrika Guru" (तांत्रिकगुरु), and "Premik Guru" (प्रेमिकगुरु).
Nigamananda reportedly experienced the state of Nirvikalpa Samadhi.
After retiring from Saraswata Matha, Nigamananda spent the last fourteen years of his life in Puri. Durga Charan Mohanty, a school student, met him at Nilachala Kutir in 1930 and recognized him as sadguru. Mohanty became Nigamananda's disciple and wrote books for Nigamananda's establishment Nilachala Saraswata Sangha and translated Nigamananda's Bengali books into Oriya. Under Mohanty's encouragement, more than 100 ashrams operate in Orissa. Mohanty continued to spread the message of Nigamananda until his death on 7 Dec 1985.
Life.
Childhood, studies and service life (1880—1901).
At his birth, Nigamananda was named Nalinikanta (নলিনীকান্ত, ନଳିନୀକାଂତ, नलिनीकांत - in Hindu meaning is: Lotus, water), per the wishes of his father, Bhuban Mohan and the advice of his father's guru, Swami Bhaskarananda Saraswati. At the age of thirteen (1893) Nalinikanta lost his mother Manikya Sundari Devi to cholera, pushing him into depression. In 1894-95 he passed the student scholarship examination and studied at Meherpur High School. In 1895 he entered Dhaka Asanulla Engineering College. In 1897 his father married him to a thirteen-year-old girl named Sudhansubala Devi of Halisahar. He completed his study in 1899 and joined a service in the District Board of Dinajpur, the estate of Rani Rashmoni. At the end of Vadra, 1901 (approximately five years after marriage) when he was serving as the supervisor of the Narayanpur Estate (Zamindari), Nalinikanta saw the shadowy image of his wife standing at the table glowering and silent while she was away at Kutabpur (Nalinikanta's village). He went to Kutabpur to inquire and learned that she had died just an hour before his vision. He unsuccessfully attempted to reach his wife through occult science.
Turning point.
Until he lost his wife, Nalinikanta had seen death as the ultimate end. Losing her led him to believe that there must be life after death. Nalinikanta became obsessed with this question. His inquiry took him to Madras (now Chennai) to study theosophy at the Theosophical Society at Adyar. Through a medium, he was able to talk to his wife, but remained unsatisfied. His discussions at the society led him to search for a yogi who could fulfill his desire to meet his dead wife and educate him in the true philosophy of "life after death".
Spiritual experience (1902—1905).
One night Nalinikanta dreamed of a sadhu with a brilliant aura. He woke up to find the sadhu standing beside his bed. The sadhu handed him a bael leaf with a mantra written on it and then vanished. Nalinikanta asked many to help him understand its meaning. Finally he met Bamakhepa, a famous tantrik of Tarapith, Birbhum district. Nalinikanta took initiation (dikhshya) from Bamakhepa and was directed to chant his mantra for 21 days. Under Bamakhepa’s guidance he had physical darshan of Tara Devi in the form of his wife. This darshan led him to another mystery. He saw Tara Devi coming out of his body and mingling with him. To solve this mystery, Bamakshepa advised Nalinikanta to attain the knowledge of Advaita from a vedantic guru. In 1902 he searched for a jnani guru. He met guru Satchidananda Saraswati at the holy place of Pushkar in the Indian state of Rajasthan. He realized that Satchidananda Saraswati was the "sadhu" who had given him the Tara mantra in his dream. Nalinikanta became his disciple,
and learned the theories of Brahma (god as the formless one), Brahma sutras and vedanta. He was initiated by the Satchidananda into renunciation and according to that principle changed his name to Nigamananda.
Satchidananda directed Nigamananda to undertake pilgrimages to the four institutions (Char Dham) of religious seats and realize for himself the significance of each, as the Hindus held these places of worship sacred. After these pilgrimages, he returned to the ashram.
On his arrival at the ashram, Sachidananda reviewed Nigamananda’s pilgrimages and said: "My boy! You have travelled widely and seen the religious places and acquired knowledge and experience. All that I had to teach you has been accomplished but it is for you now to put my teachings into practice. You have to experience for yourself the truth of your being and this can only be done through concerted efforts as well as the practice and observance of you yogic principles. Thus you now have to seek out a guru who will provide you the proper guidance in this line.
Again Nigamananda went out to seek a guru. In 1903 he met a "yogi guru" (yoga master) - whom he called "Sumeru Dasji" (otherwise known as Koot Hoomi Lal Singh or Kuthumi). Nigamananda was accepted as his disciple. Under Das's guidance he learned yoga. After hard practice, in the month of Poush 1904, Nigamananda was able to master Savikalpa samadhi (the trance in which the yogi loses his body consciousness and acquires a transcendental consciousness while retaining his individual identity). Soon after Nigamananda desired to experience the state of Nirvikalpa - the most advanced of yogic samadhis at Kamakshya, Guwahati Assam (Nilachal Hill). Nigamananda followers believe that he did enter by way of this samadhi and was returned into his body with the residual consciousness of "I am the master or guru" and in yoga he had visualized and practically understood in his own body his guru's vedic knowledge.
In 1904, he was in Kashi (now known as Varanasi), when goddess Annapurna appeared in another dream and told him that his knowledge was limited to formless god and not gone beyond that, hence he was still incomplete. He accepted her challenge and traveled to Gouri devi (a siddhayogini) to learn bhava sadhana. Gouri devi accepted him as disciple and taught him bhakti or prem (eternal nature of divine love play) to understand the physical world as the transformation of god in bhava sadhana.
Nigamananda's long and continued search for his guru, resembled the search undertaken by his future disciples to find him.
Recognition as paramahamsa (1904).
In 1904 Nigamananda went to Allahabad to see kumbha mela and learned that his master Sachidandand was in the area, staying with Sankaracarya of Sringeri Matha. He found Sankaracarya (mahant or superior) sitting on an elevated throne surrounded by 125 monks, including his guru. Seeing him, Nigamananda went first to pay his respects to his guru, and then to the higher-ranking mahant. The sadhu were upset by this perceived disrespect in not honoring the "mahant" first, but in response Nigamananda quoted the scripture: "Mannatha shri jagannatha madguru shri jagadguru madatma sarvabhutatma tasmai shri gurave namaha (मनाथह श्री जगन्नाथ मदगुरु श्री जगदगुरु मदात्मा सर्वभूतात्मा तस्मै श्री गुरवे नमः)", meaning, "My guru is highest in whole world, hence I should respect my guru first". Nigamananda further explained to the sadhu assemblies that "on the basis of the vedanta philosophy there was no difference between his "Guru" (Shri Sachidanand Saraswati) and "Jagadguru" (Shri Shankarcharya)".
Jagadguru Sankaracarya endorsed this response and recognized Nigamananda as one who had achieved spiritual enlightenment.
Jagadguru conferred him with the title "paramahansa" and came to known as "Paribrajakacharay Paramahansa Shree Mad Swami Nigamananda Saraswati Deva" (परिब्राजकचार्य परमहंस श्री मद स्वामी निगमानंद सरस्वती देव).
Death (1935).
Nigamananda spent the last fourteen years of his life in Puri. He died in Calcutta on 29 November 1935.
Nigamananda's followers honor his memory, and gather at annual congregations (sammilani), and other ceremonial occasions.
His ashram at Halisahar, Saraswata Matha (previously Shanti Ashram) in Jorhat and Sundarbans are places of pilgrimage.
Mission.
Nigamananda's mission was to propagate sanatana dharma (सनातन धर्म), the spiritual foundation of the Hindu religion, to spread the "right kind of education" (सत् शिक्षा बिश्तार) among people, to publish spiritual literature with emphasis on character building and to provide "service to all created beings" (नर देहे नारायण सेवा), with the attitude of serving the indwelling God.
In order to realize these objectives he enjoined his devotees to "lead an ideal family life" (आदर्श गृहस्थ जीवन गठन), to combine the power of spiritual associations (संघ शक्ति प्रतिष्ठा) and "to share or exchange spiritual feelings among the disciples" (भाव बिनिमय).
Jayaguru (जयगुरु ଜୟଗୁରୁ).
To achieve the above objectives, he initiated thousands of interested men and women of all walks of life and taught them his spiritual practices. They were devoid of sectarian bias in that they did not provide a complete package of worship, prayer and meditation. He encouraged his disciples to meet periodically in groups (sangha) of three or more to offer prayer and worship to the guru, to exchange spiritual experiences and to chant "jayaguru" (जयगुरु ଜୟଗୁରୁ), a non-sectarian word he invented, meaning "Glory due to the Master". He instructed them to read spiritual books and devise ways and means for managing matha and ashrams and pledging to lead the life of a spiritually inspired ideal householder. He advised his disciples that the glory of God or Guru is experienced through the medium of the word "jayaguru". One can reach at God through this name since God is the Guru or Master of the Universe. People belonging to any sect or creed can accept this name without any risk to their progress in the religious life.
Philosophy and teachings.
Nigamananda was a sanyasi of the Adi Shankara cult. He studied vedanta philosophy due to Shankaracharya after he was initiated as a sanyasi of that order.
Nigamananda's core-teachings were that guru and istha are identical and that disciples should adopt ideals of Lord Shankar (i.e. the path of "gyan") and ideals of Lord Gaurang (i.e. the path of "bhakti"). He indicated that Shankar's disciplines were difficult and that Lord Gaurang offered an easier path. According to Nigamananda, Shankar and Gaurang provide a sweet combination of Gyan and Bhakti to lead the world in the right way.
Nigamananda's philosophy and teachings as per "Chetanananda Saraswati" are explained here:
Avatar and Sadguru.
Nigamananda never admitted that he was God-incarnate or an Avatar (अवतार) although many disciples fancied him as one. He stated that an incarnation is an exclusive descent of God on earth to uphold spiritual order. Although he could, the Avatar ordinarily does not enlighten or guide individuals. Through his agency righteousness is established and demonic forces are destroyed. Nigamananda wanted to be treated as a Sadguru (a perfect spiritual Master, also one form of God) who, on account of his quest over a succession of births and deaths, attained the knowledge of his Swaroop स्वरुप (true or potential nature, i.e., supreme universal consciousness). Scriptural evidence shows that Gautam himself had to pass through many births before realising the truth and becoming the Buddha. Nigamananda further pointed out that an Avatar does not always remain in the state allowing leela (divine play.)
Sadguru, Jagadguru and God.
According to Nigamananda the disciple should take his Guru to be the Jagadguru (or the World Master, the Purushottama) and not an ordinary human being, in tune with Krishna's statement in the Bhagavadgeeta:
Patanjali's aphorism expands this idea: "By contemplating on the form of one who has no attachments, concentration of mind is attained", Nigamananda advised his disciples to meditate on his physical form such that all the admirable qualities and attributes in him would get automatically transferred into their beings and fashion their souls. Further he assured that because he had, by employing three modes of spiritual practice, simultaneously experienced the nature of Brahman (ब्रह्म), Paramatma (परमात्मा) (supreme universal self) and Bhagawan (भगवान) (personal and universal Godhead.) He proclaimed that his disciples would simultaneously have such an experience. That, he said, "was his only expectation from his disciples and he would love to wait for the day to see that fulfilled".
Order of Spiritual Attainments.
According to Nigamananda, the theory of self-realization requires expanding the individual self to the status of the supreme universal self. The expansions can be directly practiced only by the most competent among the aspirant "samyasis" by means of precise intellectual inquiry, analysis and deep meditation, although service to the Master is the key to success in such pursuits as well. However, Nigamananda pointed out that true transcendental divine love and ecstasy could be properly experienced by the most fortunate ones only after they had attained monistic realization of the supreme as declared by Lord Krishna himself in the Bhagavadgeeta:
Reconciliation of Monistic and Dualistic Pursuits.
Unlike saints who recognized and preached a diversity of doctrines for self / God realisation and offered multiple paths to attain them, Nigamananda suggested the realisation of the oneness of self and the supreme universal self (or Parabrahman-परंब्रह्म) as the true and the highest goal of human life.
For most aspirants the path is one of true devotion to the perfect spiritual master (Sadguru) who initiates them. Rendering personal service to the Master and invoking his grace through prayers, chanting and simple meditation are the chief modes of spiritual practice for them. They will acquire non-dualistic realization that their Master is a realized soul (Brahmajnani-ब्रह्मज्ञानी) and experience bliss due to intense love for him over the course of time, when they are enabled to participate in his Leela (love play-लिला) for helping others.
Nigamananda pointed out that the path shown by Gouranga, who practiced and preached unconditional devotion and love for God, was rather narrow, inasmuch as it was directed to Sri Krishna as the only God. In order to broaden that path, Nigamananda suggested taking the master as an embodiment of Sri Krishna (or any other deity whom the aspirant loved), in which case the guide himself becomes the goal. In this way Nigamananda convincingly reconciled the two apparently contradictory creeds of Shankaracharya and Gauranga who advocated the principle and practice of apparent duality between the devotee and God. After all, Nigamananda pointed out that in the path of devotion and love the aspirant has to subdue or tame his ego adequately and hence he attains to the same stage as that of the monastic aspirant whose ego loses its identity on attaining to his goal. In the former case, the devotee's individuality is reduced to a trifle, overpowered by personal god-consciousness, whereas in the latter the aspirant loses his self-consciousness in the ocean of impersonal universal consciousness.
Nigamananda pointed out that although the doctrine of monastic vedanta philosophy treats the supreme reality in terms of oneness of individual and universal consciousness, it does not systematically explain the structure of the material creation that is addressed by Samkhya philosophy.
This latter does not treat the supreme reality as well. Similarly, whereas Christianity emphasizes service and surrender as means to God realization, the Indian philosophy of Poorva Mimamsa prescribes various rituals for the attainment of personal and collective happiness despite cycles of birth and death.
By means of a Jnanachakra (ज्ञानचक्र) chart (the spheres of spiritual cosmology) which he presented in a pictorial form, Nigamananda identified different layers of consciousness inter-woven in the microcosm (body) and the macrocosm (the universe) and pointed out the levels that aspirants ultimately attain. In this chart he placed Sri Krishna and Sri Radha (or the Guru-गुरु and Yogamaya-योगमाया) in the transition between the non qualified (Nirguna) Brahman (निर्गुण ब्रह्म) and qualified (Saguna) Brahman (सगुण ब्रह्म), which he called Nitya or Bhavaloka (भाव लोक). (Yogamaya is a form of divine power, which incessantly attracts earth-bound souls and helps them realise their true blissful nature and participate in divine play).
Other key teachings.
Other key teachings of Nigamananda as stated by "Chetnananda Saraswati" are:
Yoga, theories and techniques.
The following theories are collected from the Oriya book "Shri Shri Thakur Nigamananda" (श्री श्री ठाकुर निगमानंद) and the writer, Durga Charan Mohanty-Banamali Dash:
Theory of jibanamukta upasana.
One of Nigamananda's major precepts was the theory of Jibanamukta Upasana (जीवनमुक्त उपासना), which he believed could lead the sadhaka to quick self-realization.
Karmic theory.
According to Nigamananda, karma is of three kinds viz. kriyaman, sanchita and prarbdha.
Enjoying the results of one's labour while alive is kriyaman; death before enjoyment produces sanchita karma or accumulated labour. Enjoying accumulated karma after rebirth is prarbdha. By virtue of sadhana, the effects of kriyaman and sanchita can be wiped out during a life but it is not possible to erase prarbdha. A person possessed with worldly ambitions is sure to continue the endless journey of birth and death. Jivatma leaves the gross body to travel in the spirit world or pret lok (ghost world). After undergoing karmic effects, it returns to the physical world with a body for the fulfillment of desires from its prior incarnation. How it moves from one world to another is a mystery. Yogis can perceive the mystery and tell the past sanskar of jiva.
On death.
Nigamananda's insight into death:
Nigamananda said that one should remember that death is coming. Before working on good or evil deeds one should also remember that death is not far off. Contemplating death drives away the desire for sensual pleasure and evil thoughts and stops acts of injustice. Attachment to wealth and relations will then diminish. Earthly matters remain even after departure from this world. Only spiritual wealth remains as an asset to the individual. Those who have puffed with pride on account of their accomplishments will submit to the God of death meekly when that hour comes. Drunk with pride, some persons ill-treat their brethren. They will be left in the deserted crematory ground with the beasts and birds joyously waiting to feast upon their flesh. Thinking of this will drive evil thoughts from the mind.
Yoga.
Nigamananda wrote a great deal on Yoga. His theories and techniques can be found in his book "Yogi Guru". Samples:
Hatha yoga and Laya yoga.
Hatha yoga can be carried out when the body is made fit for the purpose. The body should be cleansed first of impurities through sat sadhna, the six elementary practices of yoga. Hatha yoga is completely different from laya yoga. Hatha yoga can make the body strong, enabling it to survive for four hundred years or more, whereas laya yoga helps the aspirant to attain union with the supreme. If the body is not kept purified both externally and internally with hatha yoga, attempting laya yoga would yield no result.
Dharana and dhyan.
Nigamananda taught that the breathing system is closely connected with the intricate workings of the mind. Therefore practice of pranayama leads to calmer breathing and thereby maintains tranquility of mind. Mind is subjected to forces of disturbed thoughts owing to irregular breathing. He said
"I had applied myself to the higher practices of yoga, thereafter, i.e. dharana and dhyan (mediation)". The sadhaka is likely to peril his life if he does not take assistance of another during these advanced practices. During Dhāraṇā, the sadhaka experiences his own progress and when the estimated height in sadhana is achieved, he enters into successive steps of progress. While being absorbed in the practice of dhyan, the sadhaka may cross over to the state of samadhi. When he achieves this state of consciousness is not predictable. Until samadhi, the sadhaka gropes in the darkness aided by Guru.
Sampragyant samadhi.
Nigamananda pointed out that if earlier practices are perfected, the succeeding steps yield lasting results. The sadhaka enters samadhi as a matter of his own experience, including the awakening of "kundalini". The upward and downward motion of kundalini is called "Sampragyant Samadhi" (सम्प्रज्ञात समाधि).
Works.
Institutions founded.
Garohill Yoga Ashram.
Nigamananda founded his first Yoga Ashram in 1905 (1312 BS) at Kodaldhoa in Garo Hills, which is called now "Garohill-Yogashrama" (गारोहिल योगाश्रम). His famous book "Yogi Guru" (योगिगुरु), was written and composed here in 14 days.
Saraswata Matha.
Nigamananda founded Shanti Ashram (शांति आश्रम) in 1912 at Jorhat to fulfill his three missions, to propagate Sanatana Dharma (spreading eternal religion), spreading true education and serve everybody as god incarnate.
He took a plot of land of Jorhat in Sibsagar district and founded this ashram there on Akshaya Tritiya, in the month of Baishakh (in 1319 BS according to Bengal calendar). This was called “Shanti Ashram” or Saraswata Matha (सारस्वत मठ), which went by the name of Assam-Bengal Saraswata Matha (आसाम बंगीय सारस्वत मठ) in the later years.
Retirement.
Nigamananda initiated ten devout disciples into sanyas in the tradition of the "Saraswati" by order due to the great Sankaracharya, the juniormost among whom was "Swami Nirvanananda Saraswati" (an erudite scholar, philosopher and writer who became famous as Anirvan later on) and "Swami Prajnananda Saraswati". Swearing in Swami Prajnanandaji as the mahant and Trustee of the "Saraswat Matha and Ashrama Establishments". Swami Nigamananda retired and resided in Nilachala Kutir in Puri for several years, till 1935.
100 Years of Saraswata Matha (1912–2011).
This Institution(Shanti Ashram) or "Saraswata Matha" founded by Swami Nigamananda in 1912(1319 BS) reached its hundredth anniversary on Akshaya Tritiya Baishakh, 2011 (1418 BS), i.e. 6 May 2011.
Nigamananda said, this matha is very dear to my heart, I can sacrifice my life hundred times for the sake of this matha.
Nilachala Saraswata Sangha.
Nigamananda accepted Jagannatha culture and advised his disciples to worship him according to their state/country's culture. He believed that Lord Jagannath is the "symbol of truth".
The day Sravan Purnima (fullmoon day), on 24 August 1934 Friday, Nilachala Saraswata Sangha (NSS - नीलाचल सारस्वत संघ - ନୀଳାଚଳ ସାରସ୍ବତ ସଂଘ ପୁରୀ ) was established by Nigamananda at Nilachala Kutir (नीलाचल कुटीर-ନୀଳାଚଳ କୁଟିର), Puri. The Oriya devotees gathered there to celebrate his birthday. He advised them to form a religious circle. As per his wishes devotees started an association for religious talk and thus "Nilachala Saraswata Sangha" (the Sangha)
came into existence to fulfill his tripartite objective, (1)leading an ideal family life, (2)establishment of combined power and (3)sharing of feelings.
Mohanty continued to preach Nigamananda philosophy and due to his pioneer effort hundreds of "saakha" (branches) of Nilachala Saraswata Sangha opened in Odisha.
Guru Braham Ashrams.
Nigamananda established Guru Brahama Ashrams (गुरु ब्रह्म आश्रम) where people from any faith can come and pray in their own ways.
He instituted five Ashrams in five divisions of undivided Bengal. They are Purba Bangala Saraswat Ashram at Moinamati, Comilla (Bangala Desh), now at Tripura, Madhya Bangala Saraswat Ashram at Kalni, Dacca, now Purbasthali Bardhaman district, Uttar Bangala Saraswat Ashram at Bogra, Paschima Bangala Saraswat Ashram at Kharkusama, Midnapore, Dakhina Bangala Saraswat Ashram at Halisahar, 24 Paragans.
Nigamananda installed Jagat Gurus Ashan (जगत गुरु आसन), in 1915 at Kokilamukh, Jorhat, Assam and established many ashrams and made thousands of disciples in the guru-shishya tradition.
Other foundations.
Followers of Nigamananda run Nigamananda Education Centers in Orissa, also schools and educational institutions around India.
Publications.
Saraswata Granthavali.
Nigamananda wrote and published a series of books, known collectively as "Saraswata Granthavali" (सारस्वत ग्रंथावली). These are "Brahmacharya Sadhan" (ब्रह्मचर्य साधन), "Yogiguru" (योगिगुरु), "Tantrikguru" (तांत्रिकगुरु), "Jnaniguru" (ज्ञानीगुरु), and "Premikguru" (प्रेमिकगुरु) which dealt with the fundamentals of almost all modes of sadhana (spiritual practice) prevalent in Sanatan Dharma. Nigamanananda's followers believe that these books are useful to any faithful person and if practiced carefully will lead to success in spiritual pursuits. By Mohanty's efforts these books were translated from Bengali to Oriya.
Arya Darpan.
Nigamananda also published "Arya Darpan" (आर्य दर्पण), a monthly magazine on sanatana dharma, intended for disseminating non-sectarian spiritual knowledge among the masses. Many essays on important topics relating to religious and scriptural matters were included in this magazine.
Thakurer Chithi.
Advising his disciples, Nigamananda wrote letters, from which one hundred are collected in a book called "Thakurer Chithi" (ठाकुरेर चिठी). This information was published in a Calcutta magazine "Modern Review", founded by Ramananda Chatterjee, on 26 December 1938.
Other Nigamananda collections are "Maayer Kripa" (मायेर कृपा), "Vedanta Vivek" (वेदांत विवेक) and "Tattvamala" (तत्वमाला).
Bhakta Sammilani.
Nigamananda created an annual conference called Bhakta Sammilani (भक्त सम्मिलनी) for householders and sanyasis, to strengthen prayer groups, discuss the importance of having a guru, review the well-being of sanyasis living in the ashrams, help solve problems pertaining to them and the ashrams as a whole, provide welfare, such as schools, for communities and to hold lectures by enlightened speakers on public spiritual life.
Nigamananda categorized Bhakta Sammilani into "Sarbabhouma" (Country wide or सार्बभौम भक्त सम्मिलनी) and "Pradeshika (State wide or प्रादेशिक भक्त सम्मिलनी.) The first "Sarbabhouma Bhakta Sammilani" was established by him at Kokilamukh in 1915. The first "Pradeshika Bhakta Sammilani" was held in 1947 by Nilachala Saraswata Sangha, Puri at Ankoli in the district of Ganjam during full moon day of maagha.
Nigamananda set a different prayer day for women disciples where they alone could participate and exchange their views.
He said in one sammilani, "my devotees are fully aware that I am pleased to see them congregated in this sammilani, once in a year during X-mas. Such gathering would bring fame to the maths and it would also do good to the world at large".
Legacy.
Nigamananda’s birthday is celebrated every year on Sravan Purnima day at Nilachala Kutir in Oriya culture. On 2 Aug 2012 his 133rd Birthday was celebrated at Nilachala Kutir. The 61st Bhakta Sammilani was celebrated in Feb 2012 at Biratunga.
Further reading.
Lessons.
Sri Chinmoy LIBRARY Collections

</doc>
<doc id="31183314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183314" title="Henry Cromwell-Williams">
Henry Cromwell-Williams

Henry Cromwell-Williams (22 June 1625 – 3 August 1673 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1654 and 1673.
Cromwell-Williams was born as Cromwelll, the son of Henry Cromwell of Ramsey, Huntingdonshire. He matriculated from Magdalene College, Cambridge.
In 1654, Cromwell was elected Member of Parliament for Huntingdonshire in the First Protectorate Parliament. He was re-elected in 1656 for the Second Protectorate Parliament and in 1659 for the Third Protectorate Parliament.
In 1660, he took the name Williams to become Cromwell-Williams. He was elected MP for Huntingdonshire in the Convention Parliament and was re-elected in 1661 for the Cavalier Parliament. He sat until his death in 1673. 
Cromwell-Williams died at the age of 48.
Cromwell-Williams married Lady Elizabeth Feres at Ramsey on 4 May 1642.

</doc>
<doc id="31183316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183316" title="Eudonia pallida">
Eudonia pallida

Eudonia pallida is a species of moth of the Crambidae family. It is known from most of Europe.
The wingspan is about 18 mm. Adults are on wing in April to late September in one generation per year.
The larvae feed on mosses and lichens at ground level. It has been reared from larvae found amongst the moss "Calliergonella cuspidata".

</doc>
<doc id="31183317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183317" title="Byrrhidae">
Byrrhidae

Byrrhidae, the pill beetles, is a family of beetles in the superfamily Byrrhoidea.

</doc>
<doc id="31183329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183329" title="Alexander Rudd">
Alexander Rudd

Alexander Paul Rudd (born 1981) is an English award-winning composer, songwriter and conductor working in film, television, theatre and the concert hall.
At the age of 16, Rudd won the National Young Composer of the Year Award. He is a Fulbright Scholar and studied at Trinity College of Music and the University of Southern California.
In 2009, Rudd received a UK Film Council Award, enabling him to work and study in Los Angeles. His mentor is American composer and songwriter Randy Newman.
Early life.
He was a student at Our Lady’s High School, Fulwood, Preston – although he also spent two years at Stonyhurst College, a Jesuit Catholic boarding school in the north of England.
From the age of sixteen he worked as a pianist and singer entertainer in bars and clubs working all over the UK. He studied composition at Trinity College of Music with Alwynne Pritchard who introduced him to the works of contemporary composers such as Xenakis, Ligeti, Schoenberg and Messiaen. In the evenings he worked as the resident Jazz singer and pianist at The Dorchester, Claridges and The Savoy in London. He also taught the piano and worked as a Musical Director at James Allen Girls School in Dulwich. During this time he met composer Howard Blake who encouraged him to pursue a career as a film composer.
Music career.
Rudd works across many different styles and genres. His career started in the theatre and he has composed the scores for numerous plays, including collaborations with the Royal National Theatre, The Old Vic, The Barbican, Plymouth Theatre Royal, Sheffield Theatres, Liverpool Everyman, West Yorkshire Playhouse, Watford Palace Theatre, Greenwich Theatre and Edinburgh’s Traverse Theatre. Rudd was a founder member of Wild Oats, a theatre company whose aim is to 'present exciting new theatrical works to British audiences'. He writes musicals and wrote ‘Force 9 & ½’ with John Nicholson (Peepolycus). This won a Musical Theatre Award at the Edinburgh Festival. Rudd regularly collaborates with writer and lyricist, Jenifer Toksvig. Together they have written three musicals, including ‘The Stones Are Hatching’, which is an adaptation of the book by Geraldine McCaughrean and ‘The Queen of Snow', which was commissioned by the Yvonne Arnaud Theatre, Guildford. Rudd has been a great supporter of and has received several commissions from them. He collaborated with Hoipolloi on their production of The Doubtful Guest inspired by the book of the same name by Edward Gorey. He is very active as a film composer and is credited as composer on the Warner Brothers movie, ‘Unknown’ starring Liam Neeson. In 2010, Rudd worked on the final season of Michael Giacchino's score for the hit television series "Lost". He composed and conducted the score for the award-winning short, 'Thule' directed by Robert Scott Wildes.
Concert music.
In 2005, Rudd was the featured British composer in the International Artists Workshop organized by the European Union. His concert works have since been performed in Europe, UK and the US.
"Selected Concert Works:"
commissioned by Institut Européen de Chant Choral, premiered at the Grand Ducal Institute in Luxembourg, 2007
Commissioned by Verin Exil in Vienna celebrating the work of Austrian beat poet, Ruth Weiss, 2006
commissioned by the Virtuosi della Fenice, premiered at Teatro La Fenice, Venice. 2006
for symphony orchestra and tape, premiered at Blackheath Halls, London, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="31183365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183365" title="Hays Daily News">
Hays Daily News

The Hays Daily News is a newspaper that serves western Kansas. The "Daily News" is published every day except Saturday. In 2011, the paper reported a circulation of 9,644 subscribers.

</doc>
<doc id="31183372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183372" title="CCACE">
CCACE

The Centre for Cognitive Ageing and Cognitive Epidemiology (CCACE) is a "centre of excellence" to advance research into how ageing affects cognition, and how mental ability in youth affects health and longevity.
Based at the University of Edinburgh and funded by the Medical Research Council (MRC), ESRC, BBSRC and EPSRC through the LLHW MRC's Lifelong Health and Wellbeing scheme, the Centre is led by Professor Ian Deary alongside 2 co-Directors and 8 Research Group Leaders spread across three University of Edinburgh sites (George Square, New Royal Infirmary of Edinburgh, Western General Hospital). 

</doc>
<doc id="31183399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183399" title="Razzy Dazzy Spasm Band">
Razzy Dazzy Spasm Band

Razzy Dazzy Spasm Band may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31183402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183402" title="Mark M. Gillen">
Mark M. Gillen

Mark M. Gillen is an American politician and member of the Republican Party. In 2010, he was elected to represent the 128th District in the Pennsylvania House of Representatives. The seat had been vacated by Republican Sam Rohrer, who had unsuccessfully challenged State Attorney General Tom Corbett in the May 2010 Republican gubernatorial primary.
Gillen had previously served as a Mohnton borough councilman. He lives in Mohnton with his wife, Kim, and five daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="31183404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183404" title="Fork River (New Zealand)">
Fork River (New Zealand)

The Fork River is a short river in the far south of the West Coast Region in New Zealand. As the name suggests, the river has two branches, with the longer South branch draining a plateau. The larger Spoon River lies a couple of kilometres to the north.

</doc>
<doc id="31183407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183407" title="Eddie Connolly">
Eddie Connolly

Eddie Connolly is an Irish sportsperson. He plays hurling with his local club Loughmore-Castleiney and has been a member of the Tipperary senior inter-county team since 2011.
On 13 March 2011, he made his senior debut for Tipperary against Offaly, starting at right corner back in the National Hurling League in a 1-20 to 0-10 victory.

</doc>
<doc id="31183410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183410" title="Collaborative finance">
Collaborative finance

Collaborative finance is a category of financial transaction that occurs directly between individuals without the intermediation of a traditional financial institution. This new way to manage informal financial transactions has been enabled by advances in social media and peer-to-peer on line platforms. The wide variety of Collaborative Finance resources may vary not only in their organizational and operational aspects, but also by geographical region, share of the financial market etc. It is precisely this heterogeneity that enables the informal savings and credit activity to profitably reach those income-groups not served by commercial banks and other financial institutions. It is their informality, adaptability and flexibility of operations – characteristics which reduce their transactions costs and confers upon them their comparative advantage and economic rationale. Collaborative Finance is characterized by highly personalized loan transactions entailing face-to-face dealings with borrowers and flexibility in respect of loan purpose, interest rates, collateral requirements, maturity periods and debt rescheduling.
Following are the features of Collaborative Finance that make it attractive to low income households:
Origin.
The concept has been championed by Don Tapscott and Anthony D. Williams, co-authors of the book "MacroWikinomics: rebooting business and the world".
The development of collaborative finance.
Rotating Saving Associations.
A Rotating Savings and Credit Association or ROSCA is a group of individuals who agree to meet for a defined period of time in order to save and borrow together. "ROSCAs are the poor man's bank, where money is not idle for long but changes hands rapidly, satisfying both consumption and production needs."
Rotating Savings and Credit Associations (ROSCAs) are essentially a group of individuals who come together and make regular cyclical contributions to a common fund, which is then given as a lump sum to one member in each cycle. For example, a group of 12 persons may contribute US$35 per month for 12 months. The US$420 collected each month is given to one member. Thus, a member will lend' money to other members through his regular monthly contributions. After having received the lump sum amount when it is his turn (i.e. borrow' from the group), he then pays back the amount in regular/further monthly contributions. This explains the name rotating savings and credit associations' for such groups. Depending on the cycle in which a member receives his/her lump sum, members alternate between being lenders and borrowers. That is, there is a mutual give-and-take involved in ROSCAs.
There is also a growing interest in Peer-to-peer lending and neighbourhood service systems: rather than consumers renting services from businesses, platforms are emerging to facilitate shared usage with each other.
Collaborative lifestyles.
This system is based on the sharing and exchange of resources and assets such as space, skills, time and money. Such a system, while on-trend and sensible, will further dampen demand for and purchase of new products making economic growth very difficult.

</doc>
<doc id="31183417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183417" title="Chaetophora (beetle)">
Chaetophora (beetle)

Chaetophora is a genus in the family Byrrhidae, the pill beetles.

</doc>
<doc id="31183420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183420" title="América Futebol Clube (GO)">
América Futebol Clube (GO)

América Futebol Clube, is a Brazilian association football club based in Morrinhos, Goiás. The club was founded on 5 March 1937.
Between 1959 and 1997 América played 14 times in the first division of the state championship of Goías, and in the second division until 2004.
After this, the club did not take part in any competitions. América returned to join the third state division in 2012. In 2013 the club achieved ascension to the second division.
Stadium.
América Futebol Clube play their home games at Estádio do Centro Esportivo João Vilela. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 5,040 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31183429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183429" title="Eudonia bisinualis">
Eudonia bisinualis

Eudonia bisinualis is a species of moth of the Crambidae family. It is known from New Zealand.
Adults are on wing from October to May.

</doc>
<doc id="31183439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183439" title="Gare de Tracy-Sancerre">
Gare de Tracy-Sancerre

Tracy - Sancerre is a railway station in Tracy-sur-Loire, Bourgogne, France. The station is located on the Moret-Lyon railway. The station is served by Intercités and TER (local) services operated by SNCF. 
Train Services.
The following services currently call at Tracy - Sancerre:

</doc>
<doc id="31183442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183442" title="Les Rock">
Les Rock

Lester Henry Rock (born "Lester Henry Schwarzrock", August 19, 1912 – September 9, 1991) was a first baseman in Major League Baseball. He played for the Chicago White Sox in 1936.

</doc>
<doc id="31183495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183495" title="Cedega">
Cedega

Cedega may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31183514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183514" title="Day and Night (2004 Swedish film)">
Day and Night (2004 Swedish film)

Day and Night () is a 2004 Swedish drama film directed by Simon Staho.
Plot.
Thomas gets behind the wheel and embarks on a journey to connect one final time with each of the meaningful people in his life. Hating the man he's become, he ends the tour by committing suicide - - and event foretold in the film's opening narration (from Netflix).

</doc>
<doc id="31183517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183517" title="Pendlebury Library of Music">
Pendlebury Library of Music

The Pendlebury Library of Music is the library of the Faculty of Music, University of Cambridge, England. The current building was completed in 1984, and was designed by Sir Leslie Martin. The library is located next to the West Road Concert Hall and the Faculty of Music's old building on the Sidgwick Site, West Road, Cambridge. The current classification system is somewhat similar to the one used for music at Cambridge University Library's Music Collections, and has a basic classification approach of a three-digit number. The library is open to all members of the university.
History.
The library is named after Richard Pendlebury who had donated his collection of printed sheet music and manuscripts to the Fitzwilliam Museum, from where most of it was eventually transferred to Cambridge University Library. In 1929 this collection was given to the Music Faculty, and then the name "The Pendlebury Library of Music" was used. In 1994 all music manuscripts were transferred to Cambridge University Library. Pendlebury's original collection of printed sheet music is still accessible at the Pendlebury Library of Music.

</doc>
<doc id="31183530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183530" title="Eudonia submarginalis">
Eudonia submarginalis

Eudonia submarginalis is a species of moth of the Crambidae family. It is known from New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="31183531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183531" title="The Master and Margarita (1994 film)">
The Master and Margarita (1994 film)

The Master and Margarita (Мастер и Маргарита) is a Russian film made by director Yuri Kara, based on the novel "The Master and Margarita" by the Russian author Mikhail Bulgakov.
Background.
Although the film was made in 1994, it was not released until April 4, 2011, and played only in Russia. Despite its large budget and a well-known cast, the producers decided not to release it because they found the director's cut to be unacceptable. The soundtrack, recorded by Alfred Schnittke, was released on CD.
When journalist Valeriy Kitshin of the Rossiyskaya Gazeta saw the film in a private screening at the Moscow International Film Festival in 2005, he tried to convince the producers to release it. However, Sergey Shilovsky, the grandson of Mikhail Bulgakov's third wife Elena Sergeevna, claimed to have the copyright on Bulgakov's literary inheritance, and asked for payment. Shilovsky eventually sold the rights to producer Scott Steindorff of Stone Village Productions, who commissioned Caroline Thompson to write the script.
On November 15, 2010, the Russian film distributor Luxor announced that they had bought the rights to the film. It was on April 4, 2011. Luxor shortened the film to 118 minutes from the original director's cut, which was 240 minutes long. Copies are available on bootleg disks of low image quality.
Plot.
The film is an adaptation of the novel "The Master and Margarita" by Russian author Mikhail Bulgakov. Three storylines are interwoven. The first is a satire of the 1930s, the period during which Joseph Stalin is in power in the Soviet Union. The demon Woland comes to Moscow to have his annual spring ball of the full moon. He and his companions challenge corrupt bureaucrats and profiteers. The second story, set in Jerusalem, describes the inner struggle of Pontius Pilate before, during, and after the conviction and execution of Jesus. The third part tells the love story between a nameless writer in Moscow in the 1930s and his lover, Margarita. He has written a novel on Pontius Pilate, a subject which was taboo in the officially atheistic Soviet Union.
Soundtrack.
All tracks composed by Alfred Schnittke, except the Boléro.

</doc>
<doc id="31183537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183537" title="Razzy Dazzy Spasm Band (jazz)">
Razzy Dazzy Spasm Band (jazz)

The Razzy Dazzy Spasm Band was an early New Orleans band regarded by some as the first Jazz band. The band was a group of young street urchins led by Emile "Stalebread Charlie" Lacoume. Other members of the group were Harry Gregson, Emile "Whiskey" Benrod, Willie "Cajun" Bussey, Frank "Monk" Bussey and a boy known only as "Warm Gravy." They also had another member who was known as "Chinee" and a singer known as "Family Haircut." This band performed in the streets of Storyville in the 1890s and early 1900s. When another band appropriated their name and musical style for a performance at the Haymarket Dancehall, the original band members pelted the stage with rocks, leading the venue's owner to change the name of the second band on all advertising to the Razzy Dazzy Jazzy Band, which some claim is the first time the word "jazz" was used in print in connection with music.

</doc>
<doc id="31183567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183567" title="Danziella">
Danziella

Danziella is a genus of extinct vascular plants of the Early Devonian (around ). Fossils found in the Artois region of northern France were first described as "Zosterophyllum artesianum", but a later review by Edwards showed that they did not fit the circumscription of that genus.
Description.
Compressed fossils were found in the Artois region of northern France, in rocks which were originally thought to be of Pragian age (around ) but more recently have been considered to be probably of Emsian origin (around ). Plants consisted of smooth leafless stems (axes) up to 1.5 mm wide and were at least 85 mm high. They branched at right angles. Spore-forming organs or sporangia were borne on all sides, spaced irregularly on stalks up to 3 mm long which held them horizontally, and not forming a distinct 'spike'. Individual sporangia were elliptical in shape, around 3 mm wide by 2 mm high, splitting into two 'valves' along a line opposite to the stalks in order to release their spores. Since the sporangia were at right angles to the stem, the split was vertical.
Taxonomy.
Specimens were first attributed to "Zosterophyllum" cf. "myretonianum" by Corsin in 1933. In 1956 Danzé-Corsin constructed a new species, "Z. artesianum" to accommodate this plant, arguing that it resembled "Z. llanoveranum" but had its sporangia arranged in a much laxer spike. Edwards notes that since then, reviews of the genus "Zosterophyllum" have clarified its circumscription. All species of "Zosterophyllum" have a compact spike of sporangia, arranged helically with some degree of regularity. The sporangia are bivalved as in this plant, but they have short stalks which turn upwards, so that the sporangia are vertically aligned and hence split (dehisce) along a horizontal line. No other genera within the zosterophylls has the features of the French specimens, so that Edwards assigned them to a new genus, "Danziella", named after Danzé-Corsin.
Phylogeny.
Edwards considers the placement of "Danziella" to be uncertain. It has a simpler organization than most of the genera assigned to the zosterophylls, somewhat resembling taxa such as "Cooksonia caledonica" and "Renalia". "Renalia" is placed outside the zosterophylls as one of a set of sister taxa in the cladogram for the polysporangiophytes which Crane et al. published in 2004. Edwards agrees that "Danziella" may be part of the stem group of the zosterophylls and hence the lycophyte clade, but says that it could also belong elsewhere and show convergent evolution of the mechanism by which the sporangia split to release spores.

</doc>
<doc id="31183583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183583" title="Anthony Van Laast">
Anthony Van Laast

Anthony Van Laast is a choreographer, mainly for the stage, concerts, television and film. His works have appeared in the West End and on Broadway.
Career.
Van Laast was born in Sussex, UK. He received dance training at the London School of Contemporary Dance, and both performed and choreographed with the Company.
Among his prominent stage works as a choreographer are the musicals "Sister Act" (2011 on Broadway and 2009 West End), "Bombay Dreams" (2004)," Mamma Mia!" (2001), "Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat" (1993), "Annie Get Your Gun" (1986, West End), and "Song & Dance" (1982, West End).
He received a nomination for the Tony Award, Best Choreography, jointly with Farah Khan for "Bombay Dreams". For his work on the musical "Hair" (Old Vic) and for "The Beggar's Opera" (the Royal Shakespeare Company at the Barbican), he was nominated for the Olivier Award, Best Theatre Choreographer in 1994.
His television and film work includes the concert "Sarah Brightman: Symphony in Vienna" (2008) and "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 1".
He co-directed and choreographed "EFX", the Las Vegas stage show at the MGM Grand starring Michael Crawford in 1995. He has choreographed for "Holiday on Ice", including "Extravaganza" in 1997, "Hollywood" (2002), and he is the artistic director for "Mystery" (2009). 
Van Laast was awarded the MBE for Services to Dance and Choreography in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="31183585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183585" title="Comp-u-Learn Tech India">
Comp-u-Learn Tech India

Comp-U-Learn Tech India Ltd (CTIL) is a computer software services company established in 1997 and is based in Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India. The company provides and services worldwide like internet based solutions, education & training, e-commerce solutions, Software Design and Development, end to end IT and business solutions. 
The company is listed on the Bombay Stock Exchange of India. CTIL is headquartered in Hyderabad and has offices in Bangalore, Chennai, Goa.
History.
CTIL was incorporated as a private limited company on 22 April 1997 under the Companies Act, 1956 and was converted into Public Limited Company on 10 January 2000.
Services.
Comp-u-Learn Tech India main service offerings are along the following business lines
The company also develops software for emergency medical services.
CTIL Infrastructure Limited is formed as wholly owned subsidiary of the Company with diversification plans to set up 405 MWS Coal fired Thermal Power plant near JIRAL Village, Bhuban block, Kamakhayanagar, Tahasil, Dhenkanal District, Orissa State.
In 2009, Comp U Learn Tech India has bagged order of US$ 1,113,000 from Vetco International & Fajr International companies who are authorized holders for supply of software for health and education services in UAE. In 2010, CTIL has got the Rashtriya Swasthya Bima Yojana order from Uttar Pradesh Government worth of () 19.36 crore.

</doc>
<doc id="31183587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183587" title="Fantasy Island (song)">
Fantasy Island (song)

Fantasy Island is the second single from British band M People from their fourth album Fresco (1997), written by Mike Pickering, Paul Heard and Heather Small, and produced by M People. It was released on 24 November 1997. The song peaked at number thirty three on the UK Singles Chart.
Background.
The band's previous single, Just for You, had proved that despite a lengthy break, M People were still very much in demand. Just for You had secured another Top 10 sales chart entry in the UK and five other European countries and a number one airplay hit for three weeks in the UK. The parent album Fresco had already gone platinum (with sales of over 850,000) and had charted at number 2. 
Ahead of their sold-out 18 date Fresco Tour, M People's second single was released. Fantasy Island is a song relaying the virtues of living and wishing for a utopia. Heather sings of various dream situations where the world gets along, politician speak the truth, there's sunshine and laughter, Muslims are embracing Jews; Love being the message and the word. Very much a song that both proclaims the aspects of life that people dream of but are far removed from the reality, hence the 'fantasy'. It also projects the constant M People mottos of achieving and striving to survive. 
The melody line is supported by programmed drumming, insistent synth effects, piano riffs (by pianist Terry Burrus), strings and a strong wind section throughout, supported by a deep moog bass line and subtle 'blowy' synths throughout. Critics of the song stated that the piano and trumpet/saxophone riff used an uncredited sample or that the lyrical content was 'benign and sickly'.
Promotion.
Due to tour commitments, the single only received national promotion by the band in the actual week of release, with them appearing on The National Lottery Live Show where Heather first revealed that the big hair (that she had become synonymous with) had disappeared after five years and they also appeared on Philip Schofield's Talking Telephone Numbers. The video had been also been shown on The Chart Show and Live and Kicking.
Chart performance.
Fantasy Island was released in one of the busiest release weeks of the year with 15 of the top 40 songs being new releases competing with Boyzone, The Verve and Kylie Minogue, to name a few. In the week of release, the song surprised and disappointed most expectations to only chart and stall at number 33, their lowest chart entry since "Someday", their third single six years previously. However, lead singer, Heather Small had scored her first ever number one for the charity single Perfect Day as a prominent featured artist in a stella and varied line-up for Children in Need.
Despite the relatively lower sales chart position, the single spent a total of nine weeks on the chart longer than any of the last five singles since Sight for Sore Eyes in 1994. This nine-week sojourn also included the first and only ever re-entry for an M People single when it charted for one week at number 69 after a month being out of the Top 75, finally leaving at the end of February 1998. This was due to instrumental versions of the songs being widely used as soundtracks to promote everything from The Clothes Show and Grandstand to other sports review shows.
Fantasy Island number 33 sales chart placing had no massive effect on the fortunes of parent Album's Fresco already sizeable sales which meant it hovered between numbers 15 and 20 on the UK Album Chart for eight weeks bring the album closer to 850,000 copies shipped, buoyed on by the sell-out UK Fresco Tour.
Airplay.
The single was serviced to radio 1 November 1997, three weeks before physical release., half the length of time that Just for you was serviced to radio. It entered the Airplay chart at number 55 while previous single Just for You still had enormous support charting that week at number 8 following its three-week sojourn atop the chart. Radio was quick to follow up on M People's return and the single soared to 21 the following week to 12 prior to release. It then peaked at number 8 while the single charted at 33, reflecting the same situation as Love Rendezvous from Bizarre Fruit II (1995). Radio support for the song continued despite its lower chart position helping the single to consistently maintain its level of sales.
The single became their 16th consecutive Top 40 hit and their 11th consecutive Top 10 Airplay Hit.
Music Video.
The four main members of the band plus, Sarah Brown and Paul Johnson on backing vocals, and Snake Davis on sax play and sing along to the song on a large rotating platform. Heather dressed in a long yellow dress is in the fore and the band perform around her. As the stage rotates, clouds move around the perimeter and various ethnic minorities and types act out the lyrical content of the song; children are playing, a punk communicates to the wider world on his laptop and various people jump into the clouds and the unknown, while all this goes on, M People continue to rotate like the globe, surrounded by a sky-blue coloured effect and Heather sings with her arms outstretched dancing along to the happy vibe.
Remixes.
There were three main remixes that appeared on the single. Firstly by New York legend David Morales, the very soulful D Influence and UK dance duo Producers: M+S and their Epic Club Mix. Also included on the single are the radio edit and the album version.

</doc>
<doc id="31183630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183630" title="San Tommaso in Formis">
San Tommaso in Formis

The church of San Tommaso in Formis is a small church in Rome, situated on the Caelian Hill.
History.
Situated on the edge of Villa Celimontana and next to the Arch of Dolabella (Porta Caelimontana), a gate in the original Servian Wall, the church is dedicated to St. Thomas the Apostle. It is built into the side of the Claudian Aqueduct, from which comes "in formis" ("forma claudia" is Latin for the Claudian Aqueduct).
The church is believed to date back to the 10th Century, although the first certain date of its existence is 1209, when Pope Innocent III gave ownership of the church with the attached monastery to the Trinitarian Order whose founder, Saint John of Matha, lived there and made it the Order's headquarters. He adapted part of the monastery to become a hospital. Saint Francis of Assisi often stayed at the monastery.
Around 1380 the Order was forced to leave Rome. In time, under the control of the Vatican, the complex became more or less abandoned. In 1532 the first steps towards restoration were undertaken and in 1571 Pope Pius V returned the church, hospital and monastery to the Trinitarians. In 1590, following the death of Pius V, the church reverted once again to the Vatican and, in 1663, was completely reconstructed to its present form. It was not returned to the Trinitarian Order until 1898 on occasion of the 700th anniversary of the Order’s foundation. Use of the church and buildings was given in perpetuity on 27 March 1920. The hospital was demolished in 1925.
The northeast façade of the complex has a Romanesque entrance with a 13th Century mosaic by Lorenzo Cosmati of "Christ between two freed slaves". The mosaic also depicts the Seal of the Trinitarian Order. The founding intention for the Order was the ransom of Christians held captive by non-Christians during the time of the Crusades.

</doc>
<doc id="31183632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183632" title="Eudonia minualis">
Eudonia minualis

Eudonia minualis is a species of moth of the Crambidae family. It is known from New Zealand.
The larvae feed on mosses on the bark of "Olearia bullata" and "Olearia hectorii".

</doc>
<doc id="31183641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183641" title="Nicholas Pedley">
Nicholas Pedley

Sir Nicholas Pedley (17 September 1615 – 6 July 1685) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1656 and 1679.
Pedley was the son of Nicholas Pedley of Huntingdonshire. He matriculated from Queens' College, Cambridge at Easter 1633 and was awarded BA in 1637. He was admitted at Lincoln's Inn on 23 April 1638 and was called to the Bar in 1646. He became Recorder of Huntingdon. 
In 1656, Pedley was elected Member of Parliament for Huntingdonshire in the Second Protectorate Parliament and was re-elected MP for Huntingdonshire in 1659 for the Third Protectorate Parliament. 
In 1660, Pedley was elected MP for Huntingdon in the Convention Parliament. He was awarded MA in 1671 and was knighted on 29 February 1672 at a dinner at Sir Francis Goodricke's at Lincoln's Inn. He was elected MP for Huntingdonshire in 1673 and sat until 1679. In 1675 he became Serjeant-at-law.
Pedley lived at Abbotsley, Huntingdonshire. He died at the age of 69.

</doc>
<doc id="31183650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183650" title="Roy Wright (baseball)">
Roy Wright (baseball)

Roy Earl Wright (born September 26, 1933, at Buchtel, Ohio) is a retired American professional baseball player. A right-handed pitcher, during his playing career he was measured at tall and weighed .
Wright pitched one game of Major League Baseball. Signed by the New York Giants after four years of service in the United States Army, he started the last game of the Giants' 1956 season, the second game of a double-header against the Philadelphia Phillies. Wright lasted 2⅔ innings, giving up eight hits (including a three-run home run by Willie "Puddin' Head" Jones), five earned runs and two bases on balls. He took the loss in a 5–2 Giant defeat.
He pitched in the minor leagues from 1957–1959 before leaving baseball.

</doc>
<doc id="31183662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183662" title="América Football Club (CE)">
América Football Club (CE)

América Football Club, is an association football club based in Fortaleza, the capital of the north-east Brazilian state of Ceará. The club was founded on November 11, 1920 and plays home games at Estádio Presidente Vargas, which has a maximum capacity of 23,000 people. América's mascot used to be a devil, but it was replaced with an eagle in the early 1990s. The club is primarily of historic importance in its home state.
Greatest achievements were the Championships of the State of Ceará of 1935 and 1966. In the years 1933, 1934, 1940, 1943, 1948 and 1954 América was runner up of the competition. In 1967 América qualified as state champion of 1966 for participation in the Taça Brasil, the national championship competition of those days. América won there the "Grupo Norte da Zona Norte da Taça Brasil", winning both finals against the Champion of Pará, Paysandu SC from Belém, 1-0. In October 1967 a crowd of 40,000 witnessed when América was eliminated from the competition after a 0-1 home defeat against Náutico from Recife.
After the state championship in 1935 América, alongside Flamengo FC, SC Argentino and Duque de Caxias FC, broke away from the league to establish, without lasting success, an alternative association. América returned to the fold in 1938. Between 1921 and 1997 América played 64 seasons in the first state division. After 1997 the club played for seven years in the second division before being relegated to the third level where it also suffered a few relegations. A first place in 2013 afforded it a return to the second division in 2014.
A formative figure in the history of the club was the journalist and radio broadcaster Alberto Damasceno, who was president of the club for 23 years before he passed on the office to his son Gian Paolo Damasceno in the mid of the first decade of the 2000s.
The most remarkable player in the history of the club was José Ribamar de Oliveira "Canhoteiro", sometimes considered the left wing pendant to Garrincha. He played for América from 1949 until his move to São Paulo FC in 1953.
Other modalities.
The basketball team of the club dominated in Ceará during the 1960s and won the state championships of 1962, 1963, 1964, 1966 and 1967.
The futsal team was similarly dominant and won altogether eight state championships in the years 1957, 1958, 1964, 1965, 1966, 1967, 1968 and 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="31183665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183665" title="Eudonia steropaea">
Eudonia steropaea

Eudonia steropaea is a species of moth of the Crambidae family. It is known from New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="31183690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183690" title="SLinCA@Home">
SLinCA@Home

SLinCA@Home (Scaling Laws in Cluster Aggregation) is a research project that uses Internet-connected computers to do research in fields such as physics and materials science.
Introduction.
SLinCA@Home is based at the G. V. Kurdyumov Institute for Metal Physics (IMP) of the National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine (NASU) in Kiev, Ukraine's capital city. It runs on the Berkeley Open Infrastructure for Network Computing (BOINC) software platform, the SZTAKI Desktop Grid platform, and the Distributed Computing API (DC-API) by SZTAKI. SLinCA@Home hosts several scientific applications dedicated to research into scale-invariant dependencies in experimental data and computer simulation results.
History.
The SLinCA@Home project was previously launched in January 2009 as part of the EGEE project in the European Union's Seventh Framework Programme (FP7) for the funding of research and technological development in Europe. During 2009–2010 it used the power of a local IMP Desktop Grid (DG), but from December 2010 it has been using the power of volunteer-driven distributed computing in solving the computationally intensive problems involved in research into scale-invariant dependencies in experimentally obtained and simulated scientific data. It is now operated by a group of scientists from IMP NASU in close cooperation with partners from IDGF and the 'Ukraine' Distributed Computing team. From June 2010 SLinCA@Home has been under the framework of the DEGISCO FP7 EU project.
Current status.
Currently, SLinCA@Home is considered to be in alpha-test, due to gradual upgrades of the server and client parts.
By informal statistics at the BOINCstats site (as of 16 March 2011), over 2,000 volunteers in 39 countries have participated in the project; it is the second most popular BOINC project in Ukraine (after the Magnetism@Home project, which is now inactive). About 700 active users contribute about 0.5–1.5 teraFLOPS of computational power, which would rank SLinCA@Home among the top 20 on the TOP500 list of supercomputers – if this were June 2005.
Currently, one application (SLinCA) is running publicly using IMP Desktop Grid (DG) infrastructure (SLinCA@Home); three others (MultiScaleIVideoP, CPDynSG, and LAMMPS over DCI) are being tested internally at IMP.
Scientific Applications.
The SLinCA@Home project was created to perform searches for and research into previously unknown scale-invariant dependencies using data from experiments and simulations.
Scaling Laws in Cluster Aggregation (SLinCA).
The SLinCA (Scaling Laws in Cluster Aggregation) application was the first one ported to the DG infrastructure by the Physics of Deformation Processes Lab at IMP NASU. Its goal is to find scale-invariant laws in kinetic scenarios of monomer aggregation in clusters of different kinds in multiple scientific domains.
The processes of agent aggregation into clusters are investigated in many branches of science: defect aggregation in materials science, population dynamics in biology, city growth and evolution in sociology, etc. Experimental data exist confirming evolving structures, which tends to be hierarchical on many scales. The available theories give rise to many scenarios of cluster aggregation and the formation of hierarchical structures, and predict various scaling properties. However, there are huge databases of experimental data, which require powerful computational resources for hierarchical processing. A typical simulation of one cluster aggregation process with 106 monomers takes approximately 1–7 days on a single modern CPU, depending on the number of Monte Carlo steps (MCS).
Deploying SLinCA on a Grid computing infrastructure, utilising hundreds of machines at the same time, allows harnessing sufficient computational power to undertake simulations on a larger scale and in a much shorter timeframe. Running the simulations and analysing the results on the Grid provides the required significant computational power.
The technical characteristics of running the Desktop Grid-enabled version of the SLinCA application based on the IMP Desktop Grid infrastructure (SLinCA@Home) are:
SLinCA: Scientific Results.
The previous scientific results of the SLinCA application were obtained on EGEE computing resources at CETA-CIEMAT and XtremWeb-HEP Laboratoire de l'accélérateur linéaire test infrastructures were reported in March 29–30, 2009 during the poster session at the 4th EGEE training event and 3rd AlmereGrid Workshop, in Almere, Netherlands.
SLinCA: Plans.
Current plans for the SLinCA application are for stable checkpointing, some new functionality, and supporting NVIDIA GPU computing for faster computation; the last is predicted to make SLinCA from 50% to 200% faster.
Multiscale Image and Video Processing (MultiScaleIVideoP).
Optical microscopy is usually used for structural characterization of materials in a narrow range of magnification, a small region of interest (ROI), and without changes during microscopy. But many crucial processes of damage initiation and propagation take place dynamically in a timescale ranging from 10−3 s to 103 s and distance scales from micrometers (solitary defects places) to centimeters (for correlated linked networks of defects). Multiscale Image and Video Processing (MultiscaleIVideoP) is designed to process the recorded changes in materials under mechanical deformation in a loading machine (e.g., a diamond anvil cell). The calculations include many parameters of the physical process (e.g., rate, magnification, illumination conditions, and hardware filters) and image processing parameters (e.g., size distribution, anisotropy, localization, and scaling parameters); thus, the calculations are very slow, requiring more powerful computational resources. Deploying this application on a grid computing infrastructure, utilising hundreds of machines at the same time, allows harnessing sufficient computational power to perform image and video processing on a larger scale and in a much shorter timeframe.
The technical characteristics when running the Desktop Grid-enabled version of the MultiScaleIVideoP application at the IMP are:
MultiScaleIVideoP: Scientific Results.
The scientific results of the MultiScaleIVideoP application were obtained on EGEE computing resources at CETA-CIEMAT and XtremWeb-HEP Laboratoire de l'accélérateur linéaire test infrastructures were reported in March 29–30, 2009 during the poster session at the 4th EGEE training event and 3rd AlmereGrid Workshop, in Almere, Netherlands.
In January 2011, further scientific results for experiments on cyclic constrained tension of aluminum foils under video monitoring were reported.
MultiScaleIVideoP: Plans.
Current plans for the MultiScaleIVideoP application are for stable checkpointing, some new functionality, and supporting NVIDIA GPU computing for faster computation; the last is predicted to make MultiScaleIVideoP from 300% to 600% faster.
City Population Dynamics and Sustainable Growth (CPDynSG).
In the social sciences, it has been found that the growth of cities (or municipalities, lands, counties, etc.) can be explained by migration, merges, population growth, and similar phenomena. For example, from the literature one can found that the city population distribution in many countries is consistent with a power law form in which the exponent t is close to 2. This finding is confirmed qualitatively by data on the populations of various cities during their early histories. The population of essentially every major city grows much faster than each of their countries as a whole over a considerable timespan. However, as cities reach maturity, their growth may slow or their population may even decline for reasons unrelated to preferential migration to still-larger cities. Different theories give varying growth rates, asymptotics, and distributions of such populations. It is important to compare the various theories with each other, compare the theories with observations, and make predictions of possible population dynamics and sustainable growth for various subnational, national, and multinational regions. The City Population Dynamics and Sustainable Growth (CPDynSG) application allows investigating the correspondences between model predictions and the vast volume of available long-term historical data.
The technical characteristics when running the Desktop Grid-enabled version of the CPDynSG application at the IMP are:
CPDynSG: Scientific Results.
In June–September 2010 some results from porting CPDynSG to the Distributed Computing Infrastructure (DCI) using BOINC and the SZTAKI Desktop Grid were obtained, specifically analyses of city size distributions in several Central and Eastern European countries. The distinctive isolation of the city size distribution in Hungary was noted. A very high similarity in the evolution of city size distributions in Ukraine and Poland was discovered. These results were reported during the Cracow Grid Workshop'10 (October 11–13, 2010) in oral and poster presentations. The poster presentation was awarded the "Best Poster of the Cracow Grid Workshop'10" prize.
CPDynSG: Plans.
Current plans for the CPDynSG application are for stable checkpointing, some new functionality, and supporting NVIDIA GPU computing for faster computation; the last is predicted to make CPDynSG from 50% to 200% faster.
Large-scale Atomic/Molecular Massively Parallel Simulator (LAMMPS) over DCI.
One important topic in materials science currently is the development of new nanoscale functional devices. However, controlled fabrication of such requires careful selection and tuning of the critical parameters (e.g., elements, interaction potentials, and external influences such as temperature) of atomic self-organization in designed patterns and structures for nanoscale functional devices. Thus, molecular dynamics simulations of nanofabrication processes with brute-force searches through different combinations of parameters are of interest. For this, the very popular open-source package "Large-scale Atomic/Molecular Massively Parallel Simulator" (LAMMPS) by the Sandia National Laboratories was selected as a candidate for porting to DCI using the Desktop Grid. In other words, LAMMPS with "parameter sweeping" parallelism can be ported to DCI on DG. Usually, it requires powerful computational resources to simulate nano-objects with many parameters. The typical simulation of an investigated nanostructure under one set of physical parameters — for instance, a single crystal of metal (such as aluminium, copper, or molybdenum) with 107 atoms using embedded atom potentials for as little as 1–10 picoseconds of simulated physical process — takes approximately 1–7 days on a single modern CPU. Deploying LAMMPS on a grid computing infrastructure, utilising hundreds of machines at the same time, allows harnessing sufficient computational power to undertake the simulations in a wider range of physical parameter configurations and a much shorter timeframe.
The technical characteristics when running the Desktop Grid-enabled version of LAMMPS at the IMP are:
LAMMPS over DCI: Scientific Results.
In September–October 2010 results were obtained and reported in an oral presentation during the International Conference on “Nanostructured materials-2010”, in Kiev, Ukraine.
LAMMPS over DCI: Plans.
Current plans for the LAMMPS over DCI application are for stable checkpointing, some new functionality, and supporting NVIDIA GPU computing for faster computation; the last is predicted to make LAMMPS over DCI from 300% to 500% faster.
An additional goal is migration to the OurGrid platform for testing and demonstrating potential mechanisms of interoperation between worldwide communities with different DCI paradigms. The OurGrid platform is targeted at the support of peer-to-peer desktop grids; these are in nature very different from volunteer computing desktop grids such as the SZTAKI Desktop Grid.
Partners.
SLinCA@Home collaborates with:

</doc>
<doc id="31183708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183708" title="Felix Cole">
Felix Cole

Felix Cole (18871969) was an American diplomat. His postings in the foreign service included ambassadorships to Ethiopia and Sri Lanka.
Following the retirement of John K. Caldwell in 1945, Cole was selected to replace him. Emperor Haile Selassie was concerned that Cole had spent a great deal of his career in colonial territories, and through the Ethiopian ambassador to the United States, "Blatta" Ephrem Tewelde Medhen, voiced their objection at leas twice. On presenting their objection for the last time, according to John Spencer, The acting Secretary of State Joseph C. Grew "was visibly angered. Tossing his head, he declared hat he found that objection ridiculous and that if we persisted, the United States would not be represented in Ethiopia."
The Ethiopian fears proved to be accurate soon after he arrived in Ethiopia October 1945. At the Potsdam Conference, the United States, Great Britain, and Soviet Union had proclaimed their intent "to seize German government property wherever it was found, even though on the territory of friendly states." Cole then took the initiative, over the protests of the Ethiopian government, of seizing the official archives of the German legation in Addis Ababa. Spencer observes, "His arrogance confirmed in the minds of the Ethiopian officials the view that the minister still held to his colonialist outlook." He was assisted in this endeavor by the caretaker of the German legation, whom "to rub salt in Ethiopia's wounds" he proceeded to appoint an official of the legation with diplomatic privileges. The Ethiopian government immediately declared the former caretaker "persona non grata", an act Ambassador Cole ignored. In 1947 the former caretaker was murdered in a legation car; in a footnote to his memoirs Spencer "cannot dismiss the suspicion that this assassination had been planned with the approval and the complicity of the Imperial Guard", although he admits the facts both then and later "are extremely sketchy".
Cole's final misstep came when he wore what the Ethiopians felt was inappropriate dress, which Emperor Haile Selassie viewed as a deliberate and public insult. As Spencer explains, "As elsewhere in Africa, great importance was attached to formal attire at ceremonies. At the dedication by His Majesty of a monument in the center of the city, a ceremony attended by all in the diplomatic corps, the American ministers appeared in a business suit, side by side with the other diplomats who were all attired in striped pants and top hats." Cole was subsequently recalled before the Ethiopian government could declare him "persona non grata" also.

</doc>
<doc id="31183709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183709" title="RC Graz">
RC Graz

RC Graz is an Austrian rugby club in Graz.
History.
The club was founded in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="31183738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183738" title="Eudonia octophora">
Eudonia octophora

Eudonia octophora is a species of moth of the Crambidae family. It is known from New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="31183756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183756" title="PICK-UP (band)">
PICK-UP (band)

PICK-UP is a Ukrainian alternative rock band from Kiev, in existence since 2005. Members of the group are Kostya Leontovich (vocals, guitar), Michael Orlov (bass guitar), Sergiy Doronin(drums, back vocals).
The group has developed a so-called "PICK-UP Sound" — a combination of many musical styles, heavy guitar sound and drive, decorated with beautiful electronic improvisations. In their songs the band raises themes of love, relationships, emotions, beliefs, and social problems. Title PICK-UP is not just a combination of words, but the idea that their songs can lift the spirit of the people.
In autumn 2009, team released the song "More Positive", which hit the rotation of many radio stations in Ukraine, including Radio NRJ, and Europa Plus. In April 2010 the band signed with an American company iUA Music and releases EP "Closer" worldwide.
While remaining an independent artist, PICK-UP organized something that is the epitome of creativity of each participant.
History.
Formation and early years (2005–2010).
PICK-UP was founded in 2005, consisting of Kostya Leontovich and his friend Alexey Ignatusha and Andrey Kropolnitsky, along with Sergei Pankratiev on drums. Title PICK-UP come spontaneously, when the boys had to write something on the booklet of their first concert. Before the end of 2007 the band managed to play at more than thirty Ukrainian festivals and concerts, winning the awards at some of them. But PICK-UP paved the way to fame on their own, and not everything was so cloudless: the group had to play in small dirty clubs, to carry equipment on their shoulders and to go on tour by old trains at their own expense. Not all participants seen in this perspectives and the end of 2007 in the group remains only 2 members Kostya Leontovich (vocals, guitar) and Alexey Ignatusha (bass). In 2008 the band PICK-UP took new musicians Alexandr Tarasov (drums), Taras Rudenko (piano) and by its forces had recorded their debut EP titled "Closer". But this album was released only in 2010. In September 2008, due to the transition of Kostya Leontovich to a new project, in this connection PICK-UP temporarily was frozen, and the musicians were forced to leave the group. But at the end of this year, the band was recreated. Throughout 2009 the band has played dozens of concerts with the new composition in the face Valentin Oleinik, Nikita Kazmiruk, Vasya Dmitriev and still the same Kostya Leontovich. But the views, especially on Christian themes and development began to disperse. 2010 meant the time for change, Kostya Leontovich begins to engage in his solo career. But the thought of a successful rock band did not let him go. And he decides to invite new musicians and to continue the job. Thus the group PICK-UP has cut its long journey of formation. New members Michael Orlov (bass guitar), Danil Kalashnikov (drums, back vocals) had been fully supported the idea of the group development, and after several months of rehearsals luck turned toward them.
Closer - EP (2010).
In 2010 the band signed with an American company iUA Music and released their first EP "Closer" which was recorded back in 2008 in their native Ukrainian language. All the tracks on this EP were composed by the band’s lead Kostya Leontovich (guitar/vocal). In an interview about the album, Kostya commented “love that can move the mountains, can save and bring heat in a heart - these are the main message and idea of the whole album. “Closer - EP” includes four original songs and one bonus track an acoustic version of the main song “More Positive”. Each track is very different and distinct. PICK-UP is releasing an album full of mix up which they use and spread out throughout the whole disc, modern rock sound, fascinating melodies, strong vocals and stunning lyrics, and their notable precise song.
Childhood Lost (2011).
In autumn 2011, PICK-UP released the single "Childhood Lost" in English and in Ukrainian ("Bezpritulnyj Svit"). This song is devoted to the plight of homeless children and those suffering from broken homes. The lyrics of this song are particularly touching and the music is very powerful. "Weeping in silence, the only shelter is the sky...the rules of the street are the rules of push and shove, they teach us to fear and we forget that there is love." The band called everyone to find the strength and courage from this song to lend a helping hand.
Goodbye My Fear (2012).
January 3 PICK-UP released a new single, entitled "Goodbye My Fear". This track talks about the renewal of the heart. The band's composer and lyricist, Kostya Leontovich, commented "only through faith is it possible to feel truly alive. And when your faith is strong, it is easy to forget about all of our fears. As St. Paul offered in his letter to the Romans 'If God is for us, who can be against us?' 8:31. This same message of hope can be applied to all of life's problems, so this song was written as a message of encouragement to people." In addition to releasing this single on iTunes and other digital store, PICK-UP shoot a music video directed by Ekaterina Bereza. The video was filmed in just two days. The storyline was filmed in an art studio with Ukrainian artist at work, so the video has an unusual look and feel.
The Acoustic Christmas EP (2013).
During the New Year and Christmas holidays the band PICK-UP has prepared a special gift for all fans. 2 January 2013, the world saw the release "The Acoustic Christmas EP", which everyone could download for free from the official website of the band. The holiday EP album included three well-known songs of the group that were performed in an acoustic versions.
Реальність (2013).
PICK-UP demonstrated to the world a full-fledged debut album - "Реальність" - on May 20, 2013. The band worked in their own studio "Musicball" over the year to produce this album. The disc contains 12 tracks, including two instrumentals. The album was released on CDs, as well as digitally on iTunes and AmazonMp3. By the way, the digital release of the album contains 3 additional bonus tracks.
"We walked a long way for this album and for me,"Реальність"- is an example of honest hard work on the creation of PICK-UP's original sound," commented the band’s lead Kostya Leontovich. - "Every song is a peculiar story with unique plot. We did not have much experience in studio recording, but we tried to find creative approaches to the quality and relevance of the material. So first of all, it's honest album!"
The first single from the album "Реальність" - the song "Дівчина З Голлівуду" - was presented at the beginning of May, and its music video, filmed by director Katerina Bereza, received airplay on Ukrainian music channels.

</doc>
<doc id="31183785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183785" title="Berkovitsa Municipality">
Berkovitsa Municipality

Berkovitsa Municipality () is a municipality ("obshtina") in Montana Province, Northwestern Bulgaria, located in the area of the so-called Fore-Balkan to the northern slopes of the western Stara planina mountain. It is named after its administrative centre - the town of Berkovitsa.
The municipality embraces a territory of 470 km² with a population of 18,503 inhabitants, as of February 2011.
Todorini Kukli peak (1,785 m (5,856 ft)) is located in the southeastern part of the area almost on the very border with Varshets Municipality.
Settlements.
Berkovitsa Municipality includes the following 20 places (towns are shown in bold): 
Demography.
The following table shows the change of the population during the last four decades.

</doc>
<doc id="31183835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183835" title="Adalram">
Adalram

Adalram (died 836) was an early 8th-century prelate active in Bavaria. He is known to have been archdeacon of the Salzburg diocese c. 819, and in 821 succeeded Arno as Archbishop of Salzburg. In 824, following the request of the emperor Louis the Pious, he received the pallium from Pope Eugenius II. 
As archbishop he continued the attempts to evangelize the Slavs of Upper Pannonia and Carantania, appointing Otto as under-bishop to the Slavs. During his episcopate the church of Nitra in Pannonia (in what is now Slovakia) was dedicated at his instigation. The ruler Pribina had recently taken a Bavarian Christian wife, and this church may have been for her use. He is thought to have died on 4 January 836. 
He is associated with the production of many manuscripts, including Bayerische Staatsbibliothek, Clm. 15817 which contains several works of St Augustine and the earliest surviving version of the Anonymous Life of St Cuthbert. Another manuscript with Augustinian materials was presented by Adalram to the Louis the German, duke of Bavaria; this one, Bayerische Staatsbibliothek cim. 14098, contains "Muspilli", one of only two surviving examples of Old High German epic poetry (the other being "Hildebrandslied"), written in the margins and on three blank pages in the manuscript.

</doc>
<doc id="31183836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183836" title="Guestia (moth)">
Guestia (moth)

Guestia is a concealer moth genus in the subfamily Oecophorinae.

</doc>
<doc id="31183856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183856" title="Teleiodes saltuum">
Teleiodes saltuum

Teleiodes saltuum is a species of moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found from Norway and Sweden south to France, Italy, Slovenia, Serbia and Montenegro and Romania and from the Netherlands east to Poland.
The wingspan is 15–18 mm.
The larvae feed on "Larix" species.

</doc>
<doc id="31183863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183863" title="Robert Gubiec">
Robert Gubiec

Robert Gubiec (born 19 February 1979) is a retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper for clubs in Poland and Greece.
Playing career.
Born in Warsaw, Gubiec began playing professional football for local side Polonia Warszawa. He would spend five seasons as a reserve goalkeeper, making just 19 Ekstraklasa appearances for the club. A brief spell at lower-division side Stasiak Opoczno followed before he moved to Wisła Płock. Gubiec made 50 league appearances Wisła Płock.
At age 28, he went abroad for a loan spell with Greek third division side Rodos F.C. in September 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="31183866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183866" title="Nonpoint source water pollution regulations in the United States">
Nonpoint source water pollution regulations in the United States

Nonpoint source (NPS) water pollution regulations are environmental regulations that restrict or limit water pollution from diffuse or nonpoint effluent sources such as polluted runoff from agricultural areas in a river catchments or wind-borne debris blowing out to sea. In the United States, governments have taken a number of legal and regulatory approaches to controlling NPS effluent. Nonpoint water pollution sources include, for example, leakage from underground storage tanks, storm water runoff, atmospheric deposition of contaminants, and golf course, agricultural, and forestry runoff. Nonpoint sources are the most significant single source of water pollution in the United States, accounting for almost half of all water pollution, and agricultural runoff is the single largest source of nonpoint source water pollution. This water pollution has a number of detrimental effects on human health and the environment. Unlike point source pollution, nonpoint source pollution arises from numerous and diverse sources, making identification, monitoring, and regulation more complex.
Basis for controls and regulations.
The basis for nonpoint source pollution regulation is the negative direct and indirect effects on both human health and the environment caused by the pollutants in NPS effluent.
Human health.
Human health is most directly affected when polluted water is ingested into the body. Nonpoint source pollution can often have toxic contaminants and chemicals present in the water. Additionally, there can be both bacteria and viruses (aka pathogens) found in the water.
Toxic contaminants and chemicals.
Effluent from nonpoint sources may include toxic contaminates and chemical compounds including heavy metals like lead, mercury, zinc, and cadmium, organics like polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), and other substances resistant to breakdown . There are many heath effects associated with many of these toxic substances.
Pathogens.
Pathogens are bacteria and viruses that can be found in water and cause diseases in humans. Pathogens found in contaminated runoff may include:
Environment.
The environment is impacted by nonpoint source pollution through the input of sediment and nutrients from multiple sources directly into the water system.
Toxic contaminants and chemicals.
Toxic chemicals and contaminants, like motor oil, fuel, and industrial facility waste can enter the water system by storm water runoff. These chemicals, many of which can contain heavy metals, can enter the water system and coat the species present in the water. This can lead to death of the aquatic organisms which can cause increases in the amount of nutrients in the system from the decaying animals.
Sediment.
Sediment or suspended sediment in the water is soil that would not normally be present in the water column. When the sediment is suspended up in the water column, it blocks out the sunlight which is needed by bottom dwelling plants. If these plants, called submerged aquatic vegetation, are deprived of sunlight for a significant amount of time, they will die. These plants are a significant source of food for many aquatic organisms as well as trap oxygen and sediment. When there is an excess of dying plants in an aquatic ecosystem, it can lead to eutophic or hypoxic conditions in the water body.
Nutrients.
The primary nutrients found in water due to nonpoint source pollution are nitrogen and phosphorus from fertilizers. An influx of these nutrients can lead to eutrophication within the water. This is when there is an excess of nutrients in water, thus leading to an explosion in the growth of algae. The algae can cover the lake and block sunlight from reaching the organisms below, typically killing them.
Legal framework.
NPS water pollution is regulated at the federal, state, and local level. Yet, the pollution persists and remains a significant problem. There a number of reasons why current regulations have failed to stem the flow of pollution. NPS water pollution comes from numerous and diverse sources, and control measures are expensive to implement. Also, local governments are generally responsible for implementing NPS regulations. Coordination among localities can be difficult, and, furthermore, localities often lack the incentive to rigorously enforce NPS regulations because their NPS pollution is exported downriver, where other towns and cities must deal with the consequences. This section will introduce the laws currently in place at the federal, state, and local level that regulate NPS water pollution. It will also discuss some of the successes and failures of those regulations.
Federal laws.
There are three primary federal laws effecting NPS water pollution: the Clean Water Act, the Clean Water Action Plan, and the Coastal Zone Management Act.
Clean Water Act.
The legal framework referred to as the "Clean Water Act" (CWA) has its statutory basis in the Water Pollution Control Act of 1948, which was the first federal regulation designed to address water pollution. The Clean Water Act has been amended many times, but the CWA amendments of 1972 provide the core statutory basis for the regulation of point source water pollution and created the National Pollution Discharge Elimination System permit program. The CWA amendments of 1972 were also the first instance where Congress acknowledged the problem of NPS water pollution through the passage of section 208 of the CWA. Congress passed additional amendments to the CWA in 1987 that address NPS water pollution. This section will chronologically address the parts of the CWA that regulate NPS water pollution.
Defining NPS water pollution in the CWA.
The definition of NPS water pollution is open to interpretation. However, federal regulation under the CWA provides a specific legal definition for the term. A "nonpoint source" is defined as any source of water pollution that is not a "point source" as defined in section 502(14) of the Clean Water Act. That definition states: "The term 'point source' means any discernible, confined and discrete conveyance, including but not limited to any pipe, ditch, channel, tunnel, conduit, well, discrete fissure, container, rolling stock, concentrated animal feeding operation, or vessel or other floating craft, from which pollutants are or may be discharged. This term does not include agricultural storm water discharges and return flows from irrigated agriculture."
There are important differences between point source pollution and NPS pollution. There are many more nonpoint sources than there are point sources, and they are more discrete than nonpoint sources. Furthermore, nonpoint source discharges are not always easily observed, and monitoring nonpoint pollution can be costly. Another difference is that NPS pollution will vary over time and space based on different weather and geographic conditions. All the above factors make nonpoint pollution more difficult to regulate than point sources.
Section 208.
Section 208 was Congress' first attempt to regulate NPS water pollution, and it directed states and local governments to create management plans that identified future waste treatment needs and identify and control NPS water pollution. The section notes that any areawide management plan must discuss how to identify “agriculturally and silviculturally related nonpoint sources of pollution,” and “runoff from manure disposal areas, and from land used for livestock and crop production.” Section 208 is in essence a federal funding mechanism for state programs that attempt to control NPS pollution, but its meager funding was completely used up by 1980. Section 208 was widely considered a failure because it did little to actually reduce NPS pollution. It created a voluntary provision that directs states to study whether regulatory controls are needed. The section placed full control over regulation of NPS water pollution with the states and did not provide any mechanisms to actually control NPS water pollution.
Section 319.
After section 208's failure to control NPS water pollution, in 1987 Congress passed the Water Quality Act and created the new section 319 to address the problem of nonpoint sources. However, some critics have argued that section 319 provides little improvement over section 208. The section requires states to identify water bodies that cannot meet water-quality standards without control of nonpoint sources. The states must then identify best management practices and measures for those impaired sources, along with an implementation plan. The EPA approves these plans, and if a state fails to develop a plan, the EPA must do so for the state. However, there are a number of problems with these provisions. Funding to develop the plans has been scarce. The section does not actually place limits on NPS pollution, and states are not even required implement the plans they create. Another problem with 319 (and 208) is that there is no enforcement mechanism In the case Natural Resource Defense Council v. EPA, 915 F.2d 1314, 1318 (9th Cir. 1990), the court held that “Section 319 does not require states to penalize nonpoint source polluters who fail to adopt best management practices; rather it provides for grants to encourage the adoption of such practices.”
Section 404.
Section 404 of the CWA requires that a permit be obtained from the U.S. Army Corp of Engineers for the "discharge of dredged and fill material into the navigable waters at specified disposal sites." The 404 permit process is frequently used to protect wetlands, which are essential to the control of nonpoint pollution because they slow the rate of surface water runoff and remove sediment and other pollutants before they reach lakes and streams. While these permitting procedures may result in decreased NPS water pollution to wetlands, developers may simply relocate to an alternative location and still cause the release of NPS water pollution.
Total maximum daily loads (TMDL).
CWA section 303(d)(1)(C) requires states to identify waterbodies that do not meet water quality standards after application of the technology-based standards for point source pollution. States must then establish a TMDL for those water bodies to bring them into compliance with water quality standards. The standards are submitted to the EPA for approval. As TMDLs are looking at the "total" amount of loading, this by definition includes nonpoint sources, so if nonpoint sources are impairing a body of water, the TMDL would have to address a way to reduce those nonpoint sources. In the case of "Pronsolinoz v. Nastri", 291 F.3d 1123 (9th Cir. 2002), the court held that TMDLs are required even if a body of water fails to meet quality standards entirely due to nonpoint sources.
Concentrated Animal Feeding Operations.
Depending on the number of animals at a particular site, Concentrated Animal Feeding Operations (CAFOs) may generate significant amounts of manure. One method to remove the manure is to apply it to land for fertilization. However, in an effort to dispose of manure at a reduced costs, some CAFOs have applied excess amounts of manure to land areas. The excess amounts of manure may then be washed away by rain into surface waters. This practice was a key feature in the U.S. Court of Appeals case Waterkeeper Alliance, et al. v. EPA, 399 F.3d 486 (2d Cir. 2005). Based on that case, the EPA created its 2008 CAFO Rule. The Rule notes that the CWA specifically exempts agricultural storm water runoff from being considered a point source, but, based on the Court of Appeals' decision in the Waterkeeper case, the EPA may treat land applications of excessive amounts of manure as a point source. So while in general agricultural storm water runoff from CAFOs is a nonpoint source, CAFOs may end up requiring a National Pollution Discharge Elimination System permit under the CWA.
Clean Water Action Plans.
There have been two "clean water action plans" proposed by federal authorities that would affect NPS water pollution. They are both executive orders, not pieces of legislation from Congress. The first was a proposal from President Bill Clinton in 1998. The second, and more recent, proposal was from the Obama administration in 2009. Both proposals provide funding and guidance to address NPS water pollution.
Coastal Zone Management Act.
The Coastal Zone Management Act (CZMA) was passed in 1972 and provides for the management of the nation's coast lands and the Great Lakes. When Congress reauthorized the CZMA in 1990, it identified NPS water pollution as a significant factor in the degradation of coastal waters. To address NPS water pollution in coastal areas, the 1990 amendments to the CZMA created the Coastal Zone Enhancement Grants (CZEG) Program. The states must submit information on their programs to the Secretary of Commerce and the EPA Administrator, who are in charge of approving the plan. The plan is to be implemented in conjunction with the states NPS water pollution plan under section 319 of the CWA and through changes in the overall coastal zone management program. If a state does not submit an approved program, the state may lose a percentage of the grant money provided under the CZMA and under section 319 of the CWA. The EPA is also to provide some guidance to states in developing their NPS coastal management plans through the publication of national guidelines on management measures. These management measures must be economically achievable for new and existing NPS water pollution and must reduce pollution to the greatest extent achievable through the current best management practices.
State & local laws.
States have primary responsibility for implementing NPS water pollution regulations. Both the CZMA and the CWA direct the states to draft and implement NPS plans, and the federal government plays a limited role. As noted in the previous section on federal regulations, the CWA and CZMA provide financing for states to implement NPS programs, and those NPS programs have taken a variety of forms. The majority of state plans rely on education and technical assistance, including the development of best management practices, to reduce NPS water pollution. Local governments also have an important role to play in NPS regulation. Local municipality, water conservation districts and other entities with land management responsibility provide planning, zoning, and technical and informational assistance to control NPS pollution. While the approaches states and local governments have taken to regulating NPS water pollution are perhaps too numerous to count, a survey of a few state approaches can provide insight on common NPS implementation plans.
Indiana.
Indiana uses a common approach to address NPS pollution known as the watershed approach. A watershed includes "the total geographic area that drains storm water (and pollutants) to a particular stream, lake, aquifer, or other water body." The watershed approach to addressing NPS water pollution attempts to address all the relevant water bodies holistically in the context of their watershed while also considering all the potential sources of pollution within a watershed.
The Indiana Department of Environmental Management (IDEM) was required under section 303(d) of the CWA to create a list of impaired waters for which TMDLs would be required. IDEM's NPS and watershed efforts concentrate on these impaired water resources. Implementation of TMDLs is managed by local watershed organizations, and NPS pollution controls are only voluntary. Watershed groups use funding from IDEM to create incentive programs for the use of best management practices, as well as provide public information and education. Funding sources for NPS pollution regulation in Indiana include CWA 319(h) grants; CWA 205(j) grants; grants from the Environmental Quality Incentives Program of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008; and a wide variety of foundations and individual fundraising. Zoning ordinances may also be structured in a way that limits NPS water pollution.
California.
California's NPS plan requires coordination from 28 different state agencies, which reveals the institutional challenges NPS regulation may encounter. The State Water Resources Control Board's Division of Water Quality and the California Coastal Commission (CCC), designed California's NPS plan pursuant to the CWA and the Federal Coastal Zone Act Reauthorization Amendments of 1990. California's NPS plan for 1998-2013 is available here: http://www.swrcb.ca.gov/water_issues/programs/nps/docs/planvol1.pdf. The plan notes that California, like Indiana, uses a watershed management approach to controlling NPS pollution. 
The plan began by identifying roughly 1,500 water body-pollutant combinations that would require a TMDL under the CWA section 303(d). 
The plan takes a three tiered approach to implement management measures for NPS pollution. The first tier considers "self-determined implementation of best management practices." This essentially considers voluntary programs, grants, and education. California has a number of educational programs designed to help alert local policymakers to the problems associated with NPS pollution, including the California Water and Land Use Partnership and the Model Urban Runoff Program. Incentive programs under this tier include measure like financial assistance for local watershed stewardship projects through grants from the CWA section 319 and environmental quality incentives programs for implementation cost-sharing. The first tier is less stringent than tiers two or three. The second tier of the plan is called the "regulatory-based encouragement of management practices." The second tier essentially works by allowing polluters to adopt certain managements measures that discourage NPS pollution rather than go through various permitting procedures. Regional water quality control boards may work with landowners and resource managers to waive the adoption of waste discharge requirements (WDRs), a type of effluent limitation, if a polluter adopts certain BMPs. The third tier is called "effluent limitations and enforcement." The effluent limitations may be set at a level where the only realistic manner of compliance is the adoption of BMPs. These limitations are command and control requirements for some activities, including for example WDRs for commercial nurseries, WDRs for selenium for the San Joaquin River, permitted storm water programs, erosion Control for Lake Tahoe, and WDRs for dairies. 
A number of these regulations are derived from California's Porter-Cologne Act, which established the State Water Resources Control Board, along with nine regional boards that are tasked with implementing the Porter Cologne Act. The Act created state water quality standards that the boards must enforce. WDRs are one direct regulation California government agencies use under the Act to regulate NPS pollution. California has a number of other pieces of legislation that address NPS pollution, like the California Coastal Act and the California Environmental Quality Act.
Policy instruments and regulatory approaches.
There are five primary stakeholders involved in NPS water pollution regulation: government agencies, environmental advocacy groups, potentially regulated entities, and the public. Government stakeholders are government agencies responsible for regulating NPS pollution. In addition to scientific results, agencies are concerned with how new regulations may influence their funding. Environmental advocacy stakeholders are organizations that aim to solve environmental problems, such as the Natural Resources Defense Council. These groups focus on the involvement of concerned citizens. The potentially regulated entities are the industries that will be regulated under new regulation. The public is a key stackholder group, and various measures have been taken to engage the public on NPS water pollution, including the publication of citizen handbooks on NPS water pollution and online information. Environmental regulations for nonpoint sources must be expressed in directives that are specifically understandable by the regulatory target and enforceable by subsequent government intervention. The legal section above noted a number of policy options that have been used for regulating NPS water pollution. Some of the options include: volunteerism, command and control regulations, incentive based instruments, design standards, emissions limits, product bans, trading systems, subsidies, liability rules, and other options.
Volunteerism.
Volunteerism mainly depends on polluters’ moral constraints and social pressure. Public education and information about nonpoint pollution provide control mechanism. This is a weak, but common, option for NPS regulation when compared to other regulatory options. It is weak because it doesn't require any action be taken; it relies on polluters taking action themselves.
Command and control.
Command and control policies are direct government regulations. The Clean Water Act (CWA) is designed with this kind of direct command and control regulation for point source pollution. However, command and control regulations through the CWA apply to nonpoint source pollution a lesser extent. Total maximum daily loads (TMDLs) are one tool in the CWA that directly regulates NPS effluent. As noted earlier, the CWA "requires" state governments to set TMDLs based on both point source and NPS effluent. However, conventional command and control policies could potentially influence industry structure and cause political reluctance in the event that it could bankrupt businesses.
Economic incentives.
Incentive based instruments include performance incentives, like taxes on nonpoint pollution sources; design incentives, like subsidies on inputs and control technology; market-based approaches, like trading and/or abatement allowances. Economic incentives are frequently used to control NPS pollution, and include things like the CWA section 319 and 208 grants. Below, different economic incentives are listed along with explanations and how they apply to NPS pollution.
Design standards or technology specifications.
These types of regulations specify how a certain plant, piece of machinery, or pollution control apparatus should be designed. The Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) and United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) have written numerous design standards on the assumption that a particular technology exists whose performance can meet the regulations. A regulatory target may prudently decide its safest course to compliance is to install that technology.
Design-based standards are widely applied to agricultural nonpoint sources, including Best Management Practices (BMPs) on cropland. For example, there can be a mandatory establishment of riparian buffer strips between the cropland and neighboring water bodies. There are also restrictions on where and at what rates agricultural chemicals can be applied to crops. Design based standards require an effective measurement approach, like Best Management Practices, while performance standards require polluters to emit only a specified amount.
Performance standards or emission limits.
Performance standards or emission limits are types of regulations that set an objective or performance level for the regulatory target to meet. What makes these regulatory approaches unique is that they do not specify how the polluter must meet the standard. These regulations can include emission limits that specify the rate, amount, and kinds of pollutants that may be emitted from a given source over a specific period. The EPA's various effluent limitations for water pollution under the Clean Water Act are simply a few of the many environmental regulations that are nominally performance standards.
Product bans and use limitations.
These prohibit a product or activity or limit its use. Product bans and limitations apply to NPS pollution through restrictions on things like chemicals, pesticides, and food additives. For example, farmers were banned from using the insecticide DDT in 1972 for their crops because it was found to be harmful to humans and wildlife.
Marketable allowances and trading system.
Marketable allowances are a regulatory approach that allows companies to buy and sell pollution rights. This type of regulation uses market forces to ensure that pollution is reduced in the least costly manner to the polluter. Under a marketable allowance system, there is a presumption that permits will be traded to those companies which have the highest pollution abatement costs. These companies would then sell their allowances to other companies for whom such reductions would be more expensive.
Auctions to effectively allocate resources, like public pollution control expenses, could increase competition and maximize revenues in private markets for pollution control. This mechanism could also used to improve the efficiency and cost-effectiveness of government programs. This mechanism provides better market-based information to allocate resources effectively with lower cost. The societal goal is to reduce pollution rather than to avoid paying for unsuccessful pollution control projects. Auctions for public pollution control expenses could be a way to deal with some of the most intractable sources of pollution including nonpoint pollution sources. The government could accept bids based on units of cost per units of pollution reduced and it could pay based on proof of actual pollution reductions based on a performance measurement.
An optimal economical trading ratio for tradable permits, like through the National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES), which defines allowable emissions or loading amount for polluters that hold a permit. The number of polluters then becomes the key factor for this instrument. Based on the stochastic nature of nonpoint pollution, NPDES permit system for point sources can not simply be used on nonpoint sources. Although many literature reviews mention tradable permits between point sources and nonpoint sources, unfortunately, current economic literature provides little guidance as to how to set trading ratios. Important factors like environmental risk and relative contributions to ambient pollution are critical to designing the appropriate ratio.
Pollution taxes or emission charges.
Pollution taxes and emission charges can internalize the social costs of activities that damage public health or the environment. Emission charges are based on the polluter pays principle, to provide added incentive for emission reduction.
A Pigouvian tax, levied on the pollution generated, uses a market mechanism to limit the amount of pollution, ultimately obtaining a socially optimal level. It not only aligns private interest with public efficiency, but also creates incentives for polluters to develop more efficient technologies to reduce nonpoint source pollution.
The application of a Pigouvian tax does generate some concern. The first concern is regarding agriculture. As stated by the EPA, agriculture is the leading source of nonpoint source pollution. A tax on pollution will negatively financially impact agriculture to a greater extent, an industry that already suffers from low profit margins. 
The second problem deals with monitoring nonpoint source pollution. One of the most significant characteristics of NPS pollution is that its source cannot often be pinpointed, so monitoring may not be practically possible. In the case of agriculture, one basis for NPS controls would be to tax farmers based on the amount of erosion they cause. However, measuring erosion and topsoil is expensive. Another way is to impose special purpose district property taxes on farmland that does not adopt best management practices or employ methods to reduce nonpoint source pollution.
Another option is to tax farmers based on the amount of fertilizer and pesticides they use. Taxes on pesticides, however, would be limited by the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (FIFRA) which takes into account economic impacts. However, a tax on pesticides would only reduce one source of agricultural NPS pollution and would ignore other important sources, such as livestock waste runoff from Concentrated Animal Feeding Operations (CAFOs). 
Research done by Segerson “demonstrated that taxes-based approaches on ambient water quality can achieve an efficient level of nonpoint pollution, with a uniform tax appropriate for heterogeneous farmers only when marginal benefits of abating pollution are constant.” When marginal damages from pollution are uncertain, a cost-effectiveness approach is often the most useful framework. The most cost-effective policy is one that has the smallest deadweight loss in achieving certain policy goals. One case study in Salinas Valley in California shows a water-only tax at about $0.21/mm-ha would achieve a 20% reduction, cost roughly $138 in tax payment; a nitrogen-only tax at $0.76/kg associated with a tax bill of $79 could also achieve a 20% reduction.
Subsidies.
Subsidies are the converse of taxes. Corporate investments beneficial to the environment can be encouraged by providing companies with public funds, tax breaks, or other benefits to subsidize such activities. In the past, subsidies frequently promoted environmentally destructive activities. Elimination of such subsidies can be a means to promote environmental protections. However, subsidy programs are not without problems. They are often difficult to revise or abandon, may result in a freerider effect, and may have unintended effects that negate some benefits 
The federal government has provided a number of subsidies to state NPS programs. The CZMA, for example, provides funds for state coastal NPS programs.
Deposit refund systems.
A deposit-refund system for contaminants like pesticides, which is similar to current programs for beverage containers could potentially reduce uncontrolled disposal, over-use, and recycling for pesticides. For example, the retail dealer could pay a deposit when purchasing pesticides, and pass the deposit to consumers, who could receive a refund when he or she returned the container to dealers.
Liability rules and insurance requirements.
Some statutes strengthen common law rules imposing liability for environmental damage. Regulations issued under other statutes are intended to increase the effectiveness of liability rules by requiring that facilities seeking permits to handle hazardous materials have sufficient insurance or other resources to pay for potential damage caused by their activities.
Liability guides compensation when polluters are sued. Liability could be strict (pay for any damages), or negotiable with the victims. However, private lawsuits are a difficult way to resolve nonpoint source pollution because it is difficult to prove NPS pollution was the proximate cause of damages. The inability to trace nonpoint sources could greatly weaken the effectiveness of liability. Agriculture is a major source for nonpoint pollution sources, including nutrients, sediments, pesticides and salts, etc. Disaster insurance for agricultural sector could be necessary for preventing nonpoint pollution based on its characteristics. The uncertainty associate with nonpoint pollution may demand an “insurance policy” to protect water quality.
Information and education.
A number of policies have been developed that are intended to inform regulators and private citizens as to how NPS effluent can be better controlled. One example is with the CZMA mentioned earlier, the EPA is required to provide states with a listing of best management practices (BMPs) for controlling NPS coastal pollution. BMPs are state-of-the-art methods to treat NPS pollution. There is no shortage of BMPs to reduce NPS pollution. For agriculture, examples of BMPs include: conservation easements, cover crops, drainage management, grid sampling, manure injection, manure staging, reduced tillage practices, rotational grazing, and two stage ditches. Additional examples are offered in the nonpoint source pollution page. The obvious problem with educational and informational tools, however, is there is no guarantee they will be implemented.
Other potential policy instruments for nonpoint pollution.
To evaluate these tools' potential, some economic, distributional and political characteristics should be considered: economic performance, administration and enforcement costs, flexibility, incentives for innovation and political feasibility. 
Challenge regulation or environmental contracting could also be applied. With challenge regulation, the government could establish a clear environmental performance target, while the regulated community could design and implement a program for achieving it. Environmental contracting involved an agreement between a government agency and a source to waive certain regulatory requirements in return for an enforceable commitment to achieve superior performances.
Challenges for regulation.
Nonpoint source controls are difficult to coordinate because they are usually administered by local rather than state government. Local governments do not have an incentive to adopt nonpoint source controls because their nonpoint pollution usually is exported elsewhere. Another problem is the pervasiveness of nonpoint pollution. A major strategy controls nonpoint pollution at the source by reducing surface runoff through the use of best management practices (BMPs). But BMPs are fragmented and difficult to coordinate because of the great variety in nonpoint sources and because they are administered by local governments. Another obstacle to control nonpoint pollution is that the nonpoint source may be unable to internalize the cost of the control or pass it on to consumers. Besides, policy instruments and policy combination should have strong legal enforcement like liability to insure transparency in transaction and prevent failure in market based instruments.
Characteristics of NPS and the differences from point source pollution indicated stricter and powerful control mechanism should be applied. Market-based approaches, design-based approaches, and command and control could be useful, and a policy tool combination or best suit tool depends on particular problem, local condition and policy goal, as well as costs and budget would be desired. The ultimate goal for controlling nonpoint pollution is to maximize environmental benefits, especially in some environmental sensitive areas, degraded areas, critical habitats for endangered species. The baseline for nonpoint pollution abatement should be attending acceptable water quality.
Collaboration among agencies is necessary. Federal agencies involved in nonpoint pollution control include Soil Conservation Service, US Forest Service, Office of Surface Mining, Bureau of Land Management, US Army Corps of Engineers, etc. Effective management of NPS pollution requires a partnership among state, federal, local agencies as well as private interests and the public. Coordination among existing programs, especially governmental spending programs, should be performance objectives. Examples of coordination include the federal construction grant program under title II of the 1972 FWPCA Amendments, which reduce municipal sewage pollution by providing necessary funds, as well as governmental spending programs like the CWA and the Farm Bill and other programs provided funding on a large number of discrete sources of nonpoint pollution sources could get a better connection to allocate funding resource effectively.

</doc>
<doc id="31183908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183908" title="The Way We Were (Andy Williams album)">
The Way We Were (Andy Williams album)

The Way We Were is an album by American pop singer Andy Williams that was released in the spring of 1974 by Columbia Records. This was his first studio album out of 25 released by Columbia that didn't make either the "Billboard" 200 or Christmas Albums charts, but it did reach number seven in the UK during a 10-week run that began on June 15 of that year. The UK release featured a different cover photo, but the track listing for both versions was the same. On December 1, 1974, the British Phonographic Industry awarded the album with Silver certification for sales of 60,000 units in the UK.
The single "Love's Theme" entered "Billboard" magazine's list of the 40 most popular Easy Listening songs of the week in the US in the issue dated June 8, 1974, and stayed on the chart for 11 weeks, peaking at number 16. 
"The Way We Were" was released on compact disc for the first time as one of two albums on one CD by Collectables Records on January 22, 2002, the other album being Williams's Columbia release from the spring of 1972, "Love Theme from "The Godfather"". Collectables included this CD in a box set entitled "Classic Album Collection, Vol. 2", which contains 15 of his studio albums and two compilations and was released on November 29, 2002.
Song information.
Ray Price's recording of "You're the Best Thing That Ever Happened to Me" reached number one on "Billboard" magazine's Country chart, and the version of the song by Gladys Knight & the Pips, which used the title "Best Thing That Ever Happened to Me", went to number one on the magazine's R&B chart. The highest charting rendition of "I Won't Last a Day Without You" was by The Carpenters, who took the song to number one on the magazine's list of the most popular Easy Listening recordings. "Killing Me Softly with His Song" by Roberta Flack had its best chart appearance as a number one hit on the "Billboard" Hot 100, and Diana Ross also reached number one pop as well as number one Easy Listening with "Touch Me in the Morning".
"Love's Theme" originated as an instrumental recording by the Love Unlimited Orchestra that peaked at number one on both the Hot 100 and Easy Listening charts. John Denver's "Sunshine on My Shoulders" also went to the top spot on the pop and Easy Listening charts, as did Barbra Streisand's "The Way We Were". "The Most Beautiful Girl" by Charlie Rich went number one Country, pop, and Easy Listening, and Terry Jacks reached number one on the pop and Easy Listening charts and the UK singles chart with "Seasons in the Sun".

</doc>
<doc id="31183924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183924" title="Clube Atlético Carazinho">
Clube Atlético Carazinho

Clube Atlético Carazinho, commonly known as Atlético Carazinho, is a Brazilian football club based in Carazinho, Rio Grande do Sul state.
History.
The club was founded on July 1, 1970. They won the Campeonato do Interior Gaúcho in 1974, and the Campeonato Gaúcho Second Level in 1994.
Stadium.
Clube Atlético Carazinho play their home games at Estádio Paulo Coutinho. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 10,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31183933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183933" title="Huis te Ruurlo">
Huis te Ruurlo

Huis te Ruurlo is a Dutch castle in Ruurlo, Gelderland, the Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="31183953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183953" title="Motivequest">
Motivequest

MotiveQuest is a market research business exploiting social 'big data' (e.g., online conversations on Facebook, Twitter, blogs, forums). The company uses proprietary data, software analytics tools and market research strategists.
History and Overview.
MotiveQuest was founded in 2003 by David Rabjohns, formerly an EVP at Leo Burnett Worldwide. MotiveQuest is headquartered in Evanston, IL, and maintains offices in New York, NY and Portland, OR. The company was one of the early pioneers in the study of Online Anthropology, uncovering the core human motivations to "why" people say the things they do online, as opposed to simply "what" they are saying online.
References.
Forrester Research, How To Choose The Right Social Technologies, March 2008
Forrester Research, The Forrester Wave Vendor Summary, Q3 2006
Forrester Research, The Forrester Wave: Brand Monitoring, Q3 2006

</doc>
<doc id="31183970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183970" title="Recurrent sustained ventricular tachycardia">
Recurrent sustained ventricular tachycardia

Recurrent sustained ventricular tachycardia (VT) is a fast heart rhythm that lasts for more than one minute and requires cardioversion (i.e. using electricity or drugs) for termination. This condition may precede a significant hemodynamic collapse; hence medical attention should be sought immediately.
Mechanisms.
Causes of recurrent sustained VT can be explained by the re-entrant mechanism, and the cyclic adenosine monophosphate (cAMP) – protein kinase A (PKA) signalling pathway.
The Re-entrant Mechanism.
This mechanism is based on the conditions of predictable and reproducible initiation and termination of tachyarrhythmia by programmed stimulation at the ventricles. Possible explanations include shortening of ventricular refractoriness (i.e. delayed reactivation of sodium channels) and altered sequence of depolarization and hence inhomogeneity of ventricular repolarization. These factors contribute to the shorter refractory periods between beats and allow premature stimulus to cause re-entrant rhythms. The termination of VT requires two closely coupled ventricular premature depolarizations, where the first shortens the ventricular refractory period to allow the second to reach the re-entrant circuit in time to terminate the arrhythmia. Furthermore, hypokalemia (i.e. abnormally low potassium serum concentration) will also contribute to the shortening of refractory periods and cause cells to depolarize spontaneously.
cAMP – PKA Signalling Pathway.
The premature ventricular contractions associated with recurrent sustained VT are primarily due to the increase in cAMP in the ventricular myocytes. Through the activation of the sympathetic nervous system due to physiological stress, catecholamines such as epinephrine are released, which binds to ß1-adrenergic receptors on cardiac myocytes. This activates guanosine nucleotide binding protein (Gs) which then favours the production of cAMP via the activation of adenylyl cyclase, eventually leading to the activation of PKA. PKA is then able to phosphorylate contractile proteins, ion channels, and enzymes, ultimately increasing the flow of calcium ions into the intracellular space and out of the sarcoplasmic reticulum. Overall, cardiac myocytes are depolarized more rapidly and contract with greater force, and may even spontaneously depolarize.
Disopyramide.
Disopyramide is a class 1a antiarrhythmic medication used in the treatment of recurrent sustained VT. It is a nonspecific channel blocker, which blocks fast sodium channels to decrease the rate of depolarization and blocks potassium channels to prolong the duration of action potential. Disopyramide is able to access its binding sites laterally on sodium channels or through the ion conducting pores. Blocking of sodium channel decreases the influx of sodium ions into the cell and hence action potential threshold is reached slower. The rate of depolarization of cardiac myocytes decreases and conduction velocity slows, ultimately leading to a slower heart rate. Disopyramide also binds to open potassium channels, where protein conformational changes are required to allow access of the drug into the pore cavity from the cytoplasmic surface. Disopyramide binding impedes closure of the potassium channel activation gate and slows down its deactivation. Valine (Val) 512 is the primary molecular determinant for disopyramide block and it faces the central cavity of the channel pore, forming the conserved Pro-Val-Pro motif. It is predicated that disopyramide straddles the motif to impede channel closure. Therefore, blocking of potassium channel decreases the efflux of potassium ions out of the cell and leads to prolonged action potential durations and refractory periods. These changes eventually lead to a slower heart rate. Disopyramide has no effect on adrenergic receptors but has marked antimuscarinic effects on the heart and hence is not considered as a drug of first choice.

</doc>
<doc id="31183973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183973" title="Roy Stevens (cricketer)">
Roy Stevens (cricketer)

Roy Gilbert Stevens (6 February 1933 – 6 October 1992) was an English cricketer and Royal Marines officer who became a prominent cricket administrator after leaving the forces. Stevens was born in Walmer, Kent and died at Ipswich, Suffolk.
Cricketer.
As a Royal Marine, Stevens played cricket as a left-handed lower-order batsman and bowler for the Royal Navy, first representing the team in non-first-class inter-services matches in 1952. His only first-class appearance was for the Combined Services in 1962, against Ireland. In the first innings he scored 29 runs before being dismissed by Noel Ferguson and in the second-innings he scored 9 runs before being dismissed by Archie McQuilken. With the ball he took the wicket of Thomas McCloy in the Irish first innings and in the second he took the wicket of Archie McQuilken, the two wickets coming at a combined cost of 47 runs. In August 1962 he played two Minor Counties Championship matches for Devon, both against the Somerset Second XI.
Career.
In his 1952 appearance for the Royal Navy, Stevens is recorded by Wisden Cricketers' Almanack as a lance-corporal in the Royal Marines. In 1955, he was commissioned as a second lieutenant in the marines. He was promoted to full lieutenant in 1957. There was a further promotion to the rank of local captain in 1963, and he became a full captain in 1965. He retired from the marines at his own request with the rank of captain in 1973. 
After he left the Royal Marines in 1973, Stevens became secretary of Somerset between 1975 and 1979 and moved on to the same role at Sussex from 1980 to 1983. In its obituary of him in the 1993 edition, Wisden wrote: "He cut a slightly old-fashioned figure at a time when clubs were starting to appoint marketing-oriented men rather than ex-officers as administrators."

</doc>
<doc id="31183975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183975" title="Non ultra petita">
Non ultra petita

In law, the principle of non ultra petita, meaning "not beyond the request" in Latin, means that a court may not decide more than it has been asked to. In particular, the court may not award more to the winning party than it requested. The Latin brocard "Ne eat iudex ultra petita partium aut breviter ne ultra petita", often abbreviated to "ne ultra petita", expresses the same principle.
The principle is a traditional basis of the rules of procedure governing civil and administrative litigation in continental legal systems, and in public international law. In contrast, it does not apply in criminal proceedings.
It is closely related to the disposition principle (also called "principle of party disposition" or "principle of free disposition"), also a traditional feature of continental legal systems, which states that in civil and administrative cases, the parties are free to dispose of their claims – advancing, withholding or withdrawing them as they see fit – and may thereby control the course of the litigation.

</doc>
<doc id="31183998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31183998" title="Edwin Ellis (musician)">
Edwin Ellis (musician)

Edwin Ellis (1844–1878) was an English musician.
Life.
Ellis received his professional training from his father, and appeared when a boy of seven as solo violinist at Cremorne Gardens. He joined the orchestras of the Princess's and Adelphi theatres, becoming general musical director at the Adelphi about 1867, and composing music suitable for the dramas given there. In poor health, he then worked in the band of the Queen's Theatre, Liverpool, for a change of air. His health, however, did not improve, and he died aged 35, at St. Thomas's Hospital, 20 October 1878.
Works.
His published compositions consisted of selections for small orchestra from Friedrich von Flotow's "Alessandro Stradella", Ambrose Thomas's "Caïd", and Jacques Offenbach's "La belle Hélène", besides songs to words by Edward Litt Laman Blanchard and others.

</doc>
<doc id="31184020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184020" title="Mark Kassen">
Mark Kassen

Mark Kassen (born 1971) is an American actor, director and producer. He has appeared in the films "Growing Up Brady" (2000), "The Good Student" (2006), "Puncture" (2011), and "Jobs" (2013).
Career.
Theatre.
In 1994, he made his theatre debut in a New York Off Broadway play titled "Judy at the Stonewall Inn". A few years later, he was cast in a play called "Things You Shouldn't Say Past Midnight" which he appeared on stage totally nude. In 2006, he appeared as Hitler's nephew William Patrick Hitler in the play that he also wrote over the course of six years title "Little Willy".
Film and television.
Kassen has had small parts in television films and TV series such as "Another World" in 1994, "Cybill" in 1997, and "Third Watch" 1999. In 2006, he produced the television movie "Bernard and Doris" with Susan Sarandon and Ralph Fiennes, which earned him, along with the other producers, nominations for a Golden Globe and Primetime Emmy Award for Best Television Film.
In 2011, he appeared in the drama film "Puncture" based off the true story of Michael David Weiss played by Chris Evans where Kassen played Weiss's law partner and best friend Paul Danziger. Kassen also directed and produced the film with his brother Adam Kassen.
It was announced in December 2013 that Kassen would star in the upcoming indie film "Alone" where he will play a 35-year-old veteran battling PTSD alongside Sophie Turner and Ray Liotta.
Production company.
Kassen runs an independent film production company with his younger brother Adam Kassen.

</doc>
<doc id="31184030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184030" title="2010–11 NCRHA Division I season">
2010–11 NCRHA Division I season

The 2010–11 NCRHA Division I season began on September 25, 2010 and concluded with the 2011 NCRHA Division I Collegiate Roller Hockey National Championships's championship game on April 10, 2010 at the Capitol Ice Arena in Middleton, Wisconsin. Lindenwood entered the season as the defending national champions.
Regular season.
Member organization winners and tournaments.
All seven member organizations each ended their regular seasons with a tournament. The teams in each conference that won their regular season title were given the number one seed in each tournament. The winners of these tournaments received automatic invitations to the 2011 NCRHA Division I Collegiate Roller Hockey National Championships.
Statistical leaders.
Leading scorers.
The following players led the nation in points at the conclusion of the regional tournaments.
Leading goaltenders.
The following goaltenders led the nation in goals against average at the end of the regional tournaments while playing at least 33% of their team's total minutes.
Collegiate Roller Hockey National Championships.
The NCRHA Collegiate Roller Hockey National Championships started on April 6, 2010 and concluded on April 10 at the Capitol Ice Arena in Middleton, Wisconsin. Of the 24 teams that were invited to participate, seven were automatic bids while 17 were at-large bids. The 17 at-large teams came from five member organizations.

</doc>
<doc id="31184071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184071" title="Adam Kassen">
Adam Kassen

Adam Kassen (born May 27, 1974 in Syracuse, New York) is an American independent film director, actor, writer and producer. He frequently collaborates with his brother Mark Kassen.
Career.
In 2006, Kassen Executive Produced "Bernard and Doris", which earned him an Emmy Award nomination for "Outstanding Made for Television Movie".
Adam made his directorial debut with brother, Mark Kassen, on the feature film, Puncture, starring Chris Evans. The Tribeca Film Festival selected the picture as one of its spotlight features in the 2011 program.

</doc>
<doc id="31184077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184077" title="Thacholi Ambu">
Thacholi Ambu

Thacholi Ambu is a 1978 Malayalam film starring Prem Nazir, Sivaji Ganesan, Ravikumar and Jayan. Directed and produced by Navodaya Appachan, it was the first cinemascope film in Malayalam. Prem Nazir played the title role in the film.

</doc>
<doc id="31184088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184088" title="Philemon Pownoll">
Philemon Pownoll

Philemon Pownoll (c. 1734 – 15 June 1780) was an officer of the Royal Navy who saw service during the War of the Austrian Succession, the Seven Years' War and the American War of Independence, rising to the rank of post-captain.
Pownoll was born the son of a leading shipwright, and entered the navy in the last year of the War of the Austrian Succession. After several years service he rose through the ranks to his own command in time for the outbreak of the Seven Years' War. Commanding a sloop he took part in the capture of one of the most valuable prizes taken in the entire conflict, and became immensely wealthy overnight from his success. He married and settled on his estate, but despite his riches, chose to return to active service on the outbreak of the American War of Independence. During his time as a frigate captain he acted as a mentor to future star captains Edward Pellew and John Borlase Warren.
His service in North America was marked with successes in supporting and conveying troops, and engaging in larger fleet actions such as the relief of Gibraltar. He took part in a hard-fought action against a French privateer in 1779, and received a musket ball to the chest, which remained with him for the rest of his life. He again engaged a heavily armed privateer the following year, and this time was killed by a cannonball in the heat of the action, which was brought to a successful conclusion by his first lieutenant. His death was marked with tributes from the leading naval figures of his age, including Admiral John Jervis and Edward Pellew.
Family and early life.
Pownoll was born in Plymouth circa 1734, the son of master shipwright Israel Pownoll, who had built a large number of warships for the Royal Navy over his career. Israel, who died in 1779, served as master shipwright of the dockyard at Plymouth between 1762 and 1765, and of Chatham from 1775 until his death. He owned property in the Shadwell and Clerkenwell areas of London, suggesting that the family descended from the Independent seamen and merchants who were numerous in the Shadwell and Wapping area at the time, and had connections with New England. The naval antiquary Edward Hawke Locker later described Philemon as ‘a Gentleman of American extraction’.
Philemon Pownoll entered the navy in about 1748, joining the 64-gun . He passed his lieutenant's examination on 7 April 1755, at which point his age was recorded as ‘upwards of twenty’, and was promoted to lieutenant on 7 October 1755. He was at first appointed to be second lieutenant of the 60-gun , and was later moved to the 100-gun . Pownoll continued to serve in the Navy with the outbreak of the Seven Years' War, and in 1758 was moved to the 74-gun . "Namur" was at this time the flagship of Admiral Edward Boscawen, who became Pownoll's patron and rapidly promoted him from fourth to first lieutenant, and then on 6 August 1759 to commander of the sloop .
Command.
Pownoll commanded "Favourite" for the next two years, and in mid-1761 was sailing as part of a squadron off Cadiz under Captain Charles Proby, consisting of the 74-gun ships and and the 44-gun . Two French ships, the 64-gun "Achille" and the frigate "Bouffonne" escaped the port on 16 July, but were chased down and brought to action the following day by the British squadron. After a fierce fight, both ships were captured. Pownoll was still in command by May 1762, when "Favourite" was one of the ships sent by Admiral Sir Charles Saunders to guard Cape St Vincent.
On 15 May "Favourite" was sailing in company with Captain Herbert Sawyer's frigate off Cape St Mary, when a Spanish ship was sighted and chased down. Once captured she was found to be the Spanish register ship "Hermione", which had sailed from Lima on 6 January bound for Cadiz with a valuable cargo of bags of dollars, gold coin, ingots of gold and silver, cocoa, and blocks of tin. The "Hermione" was taken into Gibraltar and eventually condemned as a prize, with her contents, hull, and fittings valued at £519,705 10s. 0d., approximately £ at today's prices. Pownoll and Sawyer each received captain's shares of the prize money of £64,872, approximately £ at today's prices, amounting to one of the largest individual sums obtained in the period. The ordinary seamen received £480 each, equivalent to thirty years wages. Coincidentally Sawyer and Pownoll had been courting two sisters, the daughters of a Lisbon merchant, but had been rejected for their lack of funds. Now suddenly extremely wealthy, the two captains married the sisters. Pownoll used his money to buy an estate at Sharpham, at Ashprington, and to build a large house there designed by Robert Taylor, with gardens designed by Capability Brown. It was about this time that he commissioned a portrait from Sir Joshua Reynolds.
Continued service.
Despite his immense wealth Pownoll returned to naval service in late 1774, shortly after the outbreak of the American War of Independence. For this he was praised by John Montagu, 4th Earl of Sandwich in the House of Lords. Pownoll was given command of the 32-gun in December, and prepared her for a voyage to North America. While mustering his crew, a young midshipman was recommended to him by Hugh Boscawen, 2nd Viscount Falmouth, the brother of Pownoll's old patron, Admiral Edward Boscawen. Possibly out of consideration to his debt to the admiral, Pownoll agreed to take him on. The young midshipman was Edward Pellew, who had been turned out of his previous ship, , after a quarrel with her captain, John Stott, but went on to become one of the great naval commanders of his age. Pownoll and his officers oversaw the fitting out of their ship, which almost ended in disaster when a storm in February 1775 swept "Blonde" from her moorings at Chatham and nearly wrecked her, the ship being saved by Pownoll's prompt action.
"Blonde" sailed for North America in April that year, in company with the frigate , and via St Helen's, where they collected a convoy of twenty transports carrying troops under General John Burgoyne. During the voyage Burgoyne was alarmed to see a midshipman on a yardarm balancing on his head. Pownoll reassured him that it was just one of Pellew's antics, and that 'should fall, he would only go under the ship's hull and come up on the other side.' Later in the voyage Pellew jumped overboard to save a man's life, and was reprimanded for his actions by Pownoll, though he later shed tears when talking about it with his fellow officers and called Pellew 'a noble fellow.'
Pellew and Pownoll served at the relief of Quebec. 
Pownoll returned to North America in April 1776, and was active against American shipping, capturing the privateer "Freedom" on 16 September 1777, and the privateer "True Blue" on 27 January 1778. In January 1777 Pownoll was appointed to command the 32-gun HMS "Apollo", and brought Pellew with him to his new command. By now a popular figure with his men, Pownoll was able to write to Lord Sandwich that he was '...happily situated in a fine ship & exceedingly well manned with all volunteers except 15 landsmen I received from Admiral Amherst to complete my compliment not having time to do it myself.'
"Apollo" served for a time as Lord Howe's flagship from August 1778, and had returned to be refitted and coppered at Plymouth in December that year. Returning to active service in January, on 31 January 1779 she engaged the 26-gun French frigate "Oiseau" off the Brittany coast in a hard-fought action that left both Pownoll and the French commander wounded. Pownoll was hit in the chest by a musket ball, which remained lodged there for the remainder of his life. "Apollo" was repaired at Plymouth, and returned to sea later in 1779, joining the fleet under Admiral Sir Charles Hardy. Pownoll captured the 14-gun "Mutine" on 2 October 1779, and joined Reynolds's squadron later that month. He sailed the following year in support of George Brydges Rodney's mission to relieve Gibraltar, and was present at the attack on the Caracas convoy on 8 January 1780, the Battle of Cape St. Vincent on 16/17 January, and the eventual relief of Gibraltar on 19 January. In the Battle of Cape St. Vincent Pownoll distinguished himself by engaging the Spanish ship of the line "Monarca" in an unequal engagement for over an hour, compelling the "Monarca" to strike her colours just as Rodney's flagship arrived on the scene. On 2 March 1780 the privateer "Victoire" was captured by "Apollo", and in mid June "Apollo" was cruising in company with the 32-gun , under Captain the Hon. George Murray.
Last fight.
On 15 June a cutter was sighted while cruising in the North Sea and Murray was sent to investigate it. After closing to within gunshot of the cutter by 10.30am, a large sail was observed standing off the land. The two ships closed, tacking about to gain the weather gauge, and eventually opening fire. "Apollo"s opponent was the 26-gun French privateer "Stanislaus", and after a period of tacking, the two engaged in broadsides while running for Ostend. After nearly an hour of intense cannonading Pownoll was hit by a cannon ball and killed. Command of "Apollo" devolved to Pellew as the first lieutenant, who continued the fight, eventually driving the "Stanislaus" on shore. Apart from her captain, "Apollo" lost five men killed and had twenty wounded. The "Stanislaus" was later recovered and brought into the navy as .
Legacy.
Pownoll's death was widely mourned, Pellew writing in his report to the Admiralty that: 'The loss of Captain Pownoll will be severely felt. The ship's company have lost a father. I have lost much more, a father and a friend united; and that friend my only one on earth. Never, my lord, was grief more poignant than that we all feel for an adored commander. Mine is inexpressible.' Admiral John Jervis wrote of him that he was ‘the best officer, & most excellent, kind hearted man in the Profession’, and claimed that he had ‘lost the best Partizan, if not the best officer under every line of description in the Service’. Edward Osler wrote in 1835 that 'St Vincent and Pownoll who were brought up under Boscawen, and received their Lieutenant's commission from him, contributed materially to form a Nelson or an Exmouth; each the founder of a school of officers, whose model is the character of their chief, and their example his successes.' As well as Pellew, John Borlase Warren served under Pownoll and went on to become a leading frigate captain, while Jervis remembered Pownoll's contribution to the navy in 1804, when he promoted Pownoll's grandson, John Bastard. Pellew named his eldest son Pownoll Bastard Pellew in honour of his former captain and his family.
Notes.
a. Variants of the surname include Pownall and Pownell. The "Oxford Dictionary of National Biography" uses 'Pownoll'.
b. "Apollo" had been launched in 1763 as HMS "Glory", but had been renamed in 1774.
c. The captured "Oiseau" was brought into the navy as .

</doc>
<doc id="31184097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184097" title="Milton Keynes Council election, 2003">
Milton Keynes Council election, 2003

The 2003 Milton Keynes Council election took place on 1 May 2003 to elect members of Milton Keynes Unitary Council in Buckinghamshire, England. One third of the council was up for election and the Liberal Democrats stayed in overall control of the council.
After the election, the composition of the council was

</doc>
<doc id="31184101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31184101" title="Korilla BBQ">
Korilla BBQ

Korilla BBQ is a New York City based lunch/dinner truck owned by Eddie Song that specializes in Korean-theme burritos, also known as ssams. They also serve Korean-style tacos. They have been positively reviewed by Antenna Magazine, were listed in The Village Voice's Top 10 Vegetarian Street Foods listing, and mentioned first in Zagat's overview of the Korean Taco trend.
The name "Korilla" is a "a portmanteau of 'Korean' and 'Grill'."
Korilla was featured on Season 2 of The Great Food Truck Race on Food Network. They were disqualified from the competition when they were caught cheating after putting about $2700 of their own money into their cash drawer.

</doc>
