<doc id="31136281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136281" title="Poverty in Nigeria">
Poverty in Nigeria

Poverty in Nigeria remains significant despite high economic growth it first started sometime during the British empire. Nigeria has one of the world's highest economic growth rates (averaging 7.4% over the last decade), a well-developed economy, and plenty of natural resources such as oil. However, it retains a high level of poverty, with 63% living on below $1 daily, implying a decline in equity. 
Poverty in Nigeria can be also caused by the political instability of the country.
However, these programs have largely failed to overcome the three reasons for this persistent poverty: income inequality, ethnic conflict, and political instability.
Income inequality.
Income inequality worsened from 0.43 to 0.49 between 2004 and 2009. This is correlated with differential access to infrastructure and amenities. In particular, there are more rural poor than urban poor. This results from the composition of Nigeria's economy, especially the energy (oil) and agriculture sectors. Oil exports contribute significantly to government revenues and about 15% of GDP, despite employing only a fraction of the population. Agriculture, however, contributes to about 45% of GDP, and employs close to 90% of the rural population.
This incongruence is compounded by the fact that oil revenue is poorly distributed among the population, with higher government spending in urban areas than rurally. High unemployment rates renders personal incomes even more divergent. Moreover, the process of oil extraction has resulted in significant pollution, which further harms the agricultural sector.
Long-term ethnic conflict and civil unrest.
Nigeria has historically experienced much ethnic conflict. With the return to civilian rule in 1999, militants from religious and ethnic groups have become markedly more violent. While this unrest has its roots in poverty and economic competition, its economic and human damages further escalate the problems of poverty (such as increasing the mortality rate). For instance, ethnic unrest and the displeasure of local communities with oil companies has contributed to the conflict over oil trade in the Niger Delta, which threatens the productivity of oil trade. Civil unrest might also have contributed to the adoption of populist policy measures which work in the short-run, but impede m poverty alleviation efforts.
Political instability and corruption.
Nigeria's large population and historic ethnic instability has led to the adoption of a federal government. The resultant fiscal decentralisation provides Nigeria’s state and local governments considerable autonomy, including control over 50% of government revenues, as well as responsibility for providing public services. 
The lack of a stringent regulatory and monitoring system has allowed for rampant corruption. This has hindered past poverty alleviation efforts, and will continue to do so, since resources which could pay for public goods or directed towards investment (and so create employment and other opportunities for citizens) are being misappropriated.
Government programmes.
There have been attempts at poverty alleviation, most notably with the following programmes:

</doc>
<doc id="31136296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136296" title="Fnjóskadalur">
Fnjóskadalur

Fnjóskadalur is an agricultural valley in Northeast Iceland, approx. 10 km northeast of Akureyri. Fnjóská, a popular salmon angling river and the longest spring fed river in Iceland, runs through the valley. The river originates on Sprengisandur in the Icelandic highland plateau.
Overview.
Vaglaskógur, the second largest forest in Iceland, is located around the center of the valley. Other woods in Fnjóskadalur are "Lundsskógur", "Þórðarstaðaskógur" south of "Vaglaskógur", and "Skuggabjargarskógur" in Dalsmynni, the extreme northern portion of the valley.
"Þverá" is the northernmost farm in "Fnjóskadalur", located where the valley branches into "Dalsmynni" to the northwest, leading to sea in Eyjafjörður; and the much longer Flateyjardalur to the northeast, leading to sea in Skjálfandi bay.
Etymology.
The name "Fnjóskadalur" is formed from the Icelandic words "fnjóskur" (a dry piece of wood) and "dalur" (valley).

</doc>
<doc id="31136310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136310" title="Bab el Bahr Hotel">
Bab el Bahr Hotel

Bab el Bahr Hotel or Funduq Bab el Bahr is a hotel in Tripoli, Libya. The hotel proclaims to be a five star hotel, but Lonely Planet claims it to be far from it.

</doc>
<doc id="31136333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136333" title="Spirit Fruit Society">
Spirit Fruit Society

The Spirit Fruit Society was a communitarian group in the United States that was organized after a period of repeated business depressions during the 1890s. The society had its beginnings in Lisbon, Ohio and, over the years of its existence moved to Ingleside, Illinois and, finally, to California. Plagued by rumor, suspicion, and attacks in the press during its early years, the group remained active until 1930. Although it never numbered more than a handful of adherents, the Spirit Fruit Society existed longer and more successfully than any other American utopian group.
The name is derived from the group's belief that mankind's spiritual state is that of a bud or blossom on a plant and that man's soul has not yet developed into a fruit from a blossom. The goal of the society was to bring the soul to fruition. As the society's founder, Jacob Beilhart, said in documents for incorporation of the society, "... as yet, man is an underdeveloped 'plant' which has not manifested the final fruit, which he is to produce." The essential philosophy of the group was based upon a belief in self-renunciation, hard work, tolerance, and peace. 
Jacob L. Beilhart, founder.
The Spirit Fruit Society was started by Jacob Beilhart (4 March 1867 – 24 November 1908), who was born in Columbiana County, Ohio, to a Lutheran father and a Mennonite mother. Beilhart was raised in the Lutheran church and his early home environment was strictly religious.
When he was 18, Beilhart moved to Kansas, where he met and married Olive Louema Blow, whose family belonged to the Seventh-day Adventist church, which Beilhart then joined. Jacob and Louema traveled to California to attend the Adventist College at Healdsburg. Jacob received a preacher's license and the couple returned to Kansas where he began preaching. After two years, however, faced with the prospect of being sent to work in other areas of the country, Beilhart left preaching, maintaining that he wanted to do something "besides talk". Beilhart felt a strong need to help the sick so he enrolled in a nursing program at the Battle Creek Sanitarium, which was run by Dr. John Harvey Kellogg.
Beilhart became friends with C. W. Post, who had been a patient at the sanitarium. Post's health improved dramatically while under the care of a Christian Science "faith healer", Mrs. Elizabeth K. Gregory. In 1892, Post started "La Vita Inn", a sanitorium of his own, and hired Beilhart as an associate. The two men took instruction in Christian Science while Beilhart worked at the inn and helped develop Post's cereal drink, Postum. Post and Beilhart rejected much of the Christian Science doctrine, but embraced the religion's view that illness was an illusion and could be overcome by mental suggestion and self-sacrifice.
During his time in Kansas, Beilhart obsessively investigated a variety of beliefs, including Christian Science, Divine Science, Spiritualism, and Theosophy. He found, however, that none of these religions held his interest. In time, he came to the realization that he would not adhere to any one denomination, but develop a faith of his own by combining aspects of several different religions.
Philosophy.
Beilhart rejected materialism and disavowed personal property. He held that jealousy, doubt, and the fear of losing the love of another caused much of the disease people experienced. He felt that rejecting personal possessions was a means of attaining the Fruit of the Universal Spirit.
Members of the Spirit Fruit Society lived according to the following basic principles: seek happiness through selflessness; follow one's conscience; take responsibility for one's actions—and develop an awareness of the consequences of one's actions on others; and accept whatever happens. Beilhart believed very strongly in the individual's right to guide his own actions, and not be dictated to by others. While there was no mention of any kind of organization or hierarchy in any documents, as the leader, Beilhart likely made important decisions concerning the group. There is no record of any kind of internal conflict between members.
Newspapers of the time reported that the society promoted free love, but the society promoted free love only in the sense that consenting adults had a right to change partners and even to have more than one partner at a time. Rather than promiscuousness, though, the society promoted tolerance, including tolerance of homosexuality. The Spirit Fruit Society, unlike most other communitarian groups of that time, did not seek to convert or recruit others to the group. Members were permitted to come and go as they pleased. The goal of the commune was not to convert or to expand membership in the society—it was simply to live as the adherents wished to live.
Very little exists in the way of firsthand accounts of life within the society. In an effort to dispel some of the misconceptions and rumors about the society, Beilhart wrote extensively for newspapers to explain the workings of the group.
The members worked together and shared all property. If a member of the society needed money for some purpose, they were free to take it from a community supply. Women of the society worked in the house sewing, setting type for newsletters, and general housework, while the men worked the farm. One of the founding principles of the society was that of the "free gift". It dictated that, if anyone wanted something that they had to give—printed materials in particular—they had only to ask and it would be given to them without charge. After reading or seeing the society in practice, those people were free to contribute if they wished, but it was stressed that this was a "free gift" and not payment. In order to rise from their lower, selfish nature into an unselfish, spiritual nature, the society taught, everyone should obey the law of their being and subdue passions and impulses that control them by nature. The society believed in business and societal laws, but they felt that man would rise above those laws when they gained full control of their lower nature. They maintained, however, that they should still be obedient to those laws.
History.
Lisbon, Ohio, the beginning.
In 1896, Beilhart returned to Ohio and settled in Lisbon, close to where he was reared. Paramount among the reasons for his return was the confession of Louema Beilhart that her two children were not his, but C. W. Post's. She soon left Lisbon for her home in La Cygne, Kansas. In 1899, Beilhart decided to create an intentional community to practice his newly developed beliefs and to demonstrate this practice to others. In the aftermath of the Civil War, a number of communitarian groups were started around the United States. The rise in activism was further promoted by the effects of the depression at end of the 19th century. By this time, however, McKinley prosperity had developed and, in any case, Beilhart never displayed a particular interest in politics or economics. At this time he started two newspapers, "Spirit Fruit" and "Spirit Voice", which were widely distributed and supported by donations. The Spirit Fruit Society was officially incorporated as a religious organization in 1901. The stated goal in the incorporation documents was to "teach mankind how to apply the truths taught by Jesus Christ." Beilhart made no attempt to solicit members for his commune and sometimes rejected applicants when he felt they were not fit candidates. As a result, the commune only attracted about a dozen residents, mostly from outside the area.
The group did not beg or in any way disturb their neighbors. Beilhart preached in Chicago and elsewhere, but was not known to proselytize strongly. While the group typically kept to themselves, their mysterious nature led to misconceptions and suspicion in the press. Specifically, the birth of Beilhart's niece, Evelyn, was cause for concern as her mother, Mary Beilhart (Jacob's sister), was not married to the child's father, Ralph E. Galbreath (cousin of Ohio State Librarian Charles Burleigh Galbreath and State Senator Asher A. Galbreath). Dubbed the "Love Child", this birth prompted newspapers to characterize the group as a free-love society of promiscuity. The arrival of "Blessed" Katherine Herbeson, a teenager from Chicago, also gave concern. It was reported in the press that "Blessed" was either held against her will or brainwashed by the society. Her father and brother came and 'rescued' her and she was forced to leave the society against her wishes. Additional negative publicity occurred when Beilhart objected to his wife's petition for alimony.
In 1904, numerous newspaper articles and editorials were written, mostly in Chicago, about the society. Those articles were often sensationalist and tended to put the society in a bad light. The views of the society, particularly those against marriage and promoting free love, were not accepted well in the small Ohio village of Lisbon. In fact, a local newspaper reprinted a warning that had been distributed in the community: "Wanted – Fifty good women, over twenty and under fifty years of age; also fifty good honest-hearted men with families, to meet upon the Square when called upon, and go to the Spirit Fruit farm and tell them to take their departure at once or take the consequences, as tar is cheap and feathers plentiful."
In June 1904, Beilhart invited the public to an 'open house' where he attempted to explain the motives and beliefs of the society. Over 400 people attended the gathering; Among them, it has been claimed, were Clarence Darrow and Elbert Hubbard but this has not been documented, although Beilhart is known to have visited Hubbard in East Aurora and Darrow was a frequent visitor to the society during the Chicago and Ingleside years. In the end, the society's rejection of marriage on the grounds that it made a 'slave of the woman', and the misinterpretations of their views on free-love were too much for the people of Lisbon to accept. In late 1904, the group left Lisbon for Chicago, in the hope that their progressive ideas might be better tolerated there.
Ingleside, Illinois, and the death of Beilhart.
In 1905, Beilhart purchased near Ingleside, Illinois, along Wooster Lake, a tract known as the Dalziel Farm. About a dozen established members of the Spirit Fruit Society moved with Beilhart to Illinois, along with a few new members. Over the next two years the society built a spacious house and later a large barn entirely by hand. They were better received by their Illinois neighbors than they had been in Lisbon. On the property by the lake, the society's members hand-built a concrete-block home that they called the "Spirit Fruit Temple". The 2½-story residence had 32 rooms, a full basement, and modern (for the time) conveniences. The dining room accommodated up to 100 people. The society continued to live peacefully in Ingleside for several years. They provided for themselves from what came to be known as the "Spirit Fruit Farm", opened the farm and temple to visitors, and produced their newsletter. Beilhart continued to speak to groups in Chicago promoting the ideals of the society.
In November 1908, Beilhart became ill from acute appendicitis. Despite attention from a surgeon who performed an appendectomy, Beilhart developed peritonitis and died three days later. In keeping with the society's beliefs in simplicity, Beilhart was buried in a plain coffin in an unmarked grave overlooking Wooster Lake. None of the buildings remain, having been covered by a housing development, although Beilhart's grave remains in a brush-obscured corner of the tract.
The loss of a charismatic and dominant leader often precipitates the decline of such groups, but the Spirit Fruit Society persevered. This made the society unique among other groups of this time. Though the commune continued after his death, their two publications, "Spirit Voice" and "Spirit Fruit", ceased to be produced. Virginia Moore was chosen president of the society upon Beilhart's death, and the community stayed together and carried on its activities as before. In 1911, the society put an advertisement in the local papers seeking to sell their lakefront property and 'temple'. Virginia Moore stated that the Illinois climate was not suitable for their activities and the decision had been made to move to California. In the winter of 1914–1915, the society moved west.
California and the end.
In 1915, the society purchased of land in Soquel, California, which they named "Hilltop Ranch". At this point, only 12 of the society's members remained. They included Mary Beilhart's two 'illegitimate' children born in Ohio, now 11 and 15 years old. Just as in Ohio and Illinois, the group made no efforts at recruiting new members, although three new members did join during this time.
The primary focus of the society at this time was simple subsistence. To continue as a group, they had to focus all of their energies on producing food. This was problematic because many of the members were becoming old and several suffered illnesses. Since the beginning, Beilhart and the other members had not actively sought out new members, believing that a small group was more viable. This proved to be their undoing as there were no younger members to sustain the farm. The original members, who had stayed with the group since its inception, began to leave and by 1928, only six were left. Financial strains forced them to relinquish the ranch and move to a house in the village of Soquel.
The group finally disbanded in 1930 when Virginia Moore died of cancer. After her death, the remaining members of the Spirit Fruit Society dispersed to various homes of friends and family. Despite the small membership, the society had been in existence for almost 30 years – 20 years beyond the death of its founder.
Success of the society.
Throughout its existence, the society never claimed more than a couple dozen members. They never actively recruited new members nor proselytized in the communities. Like many such organizations, they were often persecuted by the press and were the subject of dubious reports. Despite this, and, more significantly, despite the loss of their spiritual leader, Beilhart, the society continued to exist longer than most other communes at that time. 
Though rooted in Christianity yet exhibiting traits of communalism, the members of the society were not bound by either set of beliefs or values. Murphy suggests that this is one of the reasons for the society's longevity - that, rather than be confined by one belief system, the members could easily adapt to, and solve, everyday issues arising within the community as well as threats from outside. 

</doc>
<doc id="31136337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136337" title="The Wonders of Aladdin">
The Wonders of Aladdin

The Wonders of Aladdin (Italian: Le meraviglie di Aladino) is a 1961 Italian fantasy film directed by Mario Bava and Henry Levin and presented by Joseph E. Levine for MGM. The film stars Donald O'Connor as the title character. At this time, O'Connor was reaching the decline of his career after many years of fame.
Critical reception.
Allmovie, while not particular favorable toward the film, called it "a fun movie".
According to MGM records it made a loss of $276,000.

</doc>
<doc id="31136359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136359" title="Eas Bàn">
Eas Bàn

Eas Bàn (Gaelic for pale or white waterfall) is the name of a number of waterfalls in Scotland:

</doc>
<doc id="31136365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136365" title="Pogoni">
Pogoni

Pogoni () is a municipality in the Ioannina regional unit, Epirus, Greece. The seat of the municipality is the village Kalpaki.
Municipality.
The municipality Pogoni was formed at the 2011 local government reform by the merger of the following 6 former municipalities, that became municipal units:
Province.
The province of Pogoni () was one of the provinces of the Ioannina Prefecture. Its territory corresponded with that of the current municipality Pogoni, except the municipal units Ano Kalamas and Kalpaki. Its seat was the village Delvinaki. It was abolished in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="31136416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136416" title="Beck guitars">
Beck guitars

Beck guitars is a guitar manufacturer located in Southern Germany. 
Company.
The company is best known for its „Anima“ model and instrument design which focuses primarily on sound characteristics. All current Beck guitars are based on one patented design, which has been dubbed „semi-solid body guitar“ by the manufacturer. It combines construction features of acoustic and electrified instruments while retaining the look of a conventional electric guitar, thereby achieving a characteristic rich and punchy tone.
Beck guitars also designs and produces magnetic humbucker pickups.
Owner.
Michael Matthias Beck started in 1987, building studio speakers and developing electric guitar prototypes. He got his first electric guitar patent in 1994 for an invention whose development received funding from Fraunhofer Society (the second instrument to be funded since 1949).
In 1996, Beck installed stone frets on guitar prototypes, but the expensive manufacturing process prevented mass production. Beck is also a sound technician for Jazz and classical concerts.
External links.
http://www.beck-guitars.eu
http://www.gitarrebass.musikmachen.de/Magazine/GITARRE-BASS/2011/6/Story-Musikmesse-FFM-2011-Der-Messe-Bericht!-Story
http://www.musikverrueckt.de/html/musikmesse_07__april_2011.html

</doc>
<doc id="31136418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136418" title="Octaazacubane">
Octaazacubane

Octaazacubane is a hypothetical allotrope of nitrogen with formula N8, whose molecules have eight atoms arranged into a cube. (By comparison, nitrogen usually occurs as the diatomic molecule N2.) It can be regarded as a derivative of cubane, where all eight carbon atoms (and their corresponding hydrogen atoms) have been replaced with a nitrogen atom. It is predicted to be a metastable molecule, in which despite the thermodynamic instability caused by bond strain, and the high energy of the N-N single bonds, the molecule remains kinetically stable for reasons of orbital symmetry.
Explosive and fuel.
Octaazacubane is predicted to have an energy density (assuming decomposition into N2) of 22.9 MJ / kg, which is over 5 times the standard value of TNT. It has therefore been proposed (along with other exotic nitrogen allotropes) as an explosive, and as a component of high performance rocket fuel. Its velocity of detonation is predicted to be 15,000 m/s, much (48.5%) more than ONC, the fastest known nonnuclear explosive.

</doc>
<doc id="31136421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136421" title="That Funny Feeling">
That Funny Feeling

That Funny Feeling is a 1965 American romantic comedy film starring Sandra Dee, Bobby Darin, and Donald O'Connor.
This was the third film pairing of Dee and then-husband Darin, following 1961's "Come September" and 1962's "If a Man Answers". It was the second film that O'Connor and Kathleen Freeman (who played a lady in a telephone booth) made together, the first being "Singin' in the Rain".
Plot.
Joan Howell intends to be an actress, but for now she's working as a maid. Three different times, she accidentally bumps into Tom Milford, a successful publishing executive, who then asks her for a date.
Ashamed of her own modest home, Joan invites him to the lavish apartment of one of her clients, pretending it is hers. What she doesn't know, because she and her employer have never met, is that the apartment is Tom's.
He is shocked to find himself being welcomed to his own place. To see how far Joan is prepared to go, Tom moves in with his pal Harvey and goes along with it. As soon as Joan becomes aware of the truth, however, she gets even by throwing a party with girls pretending to be prostitutes, whereupon the party is promptly raided by the cops.

</doc>
<doc id="31136432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136432" title="Eas Dubh">
Eas Dubh

Eas Dubh (Gaelic for dark or black waterfall) is the name of a number of waterfalls in Scotland:

</doc>
<doc id="31136461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136461" title="Moroccan constitutional referendum, 2011">
Moroccan constitutional referendum, 2011

A referendum on constitutional reforms was held in Morocco on 1 July 2011. It was called in response to the protests that took place earlier in the year demanding democratic reforms. A commission was to draft proposals by June 2011. A draft released on 17 June foresaw the following changes:
The changes were reportedly approved by 98.49% of voters. Despite protest movements calling for a boycott of the referendum, government officials claimed turnout was 72.65%.
Following the referendum, early parliamentary elections were held on 25 November 2011.
Details.
The set of political reforms approved consisted of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="31136468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136468" title="Syrian clubs in the AFC Cup">
Syrian clubs in the AFC Cup

The Syrian club's history of playing in the AFC Cup.
Syrian clubs statistics.
Al-Ittihad.
Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; GF = Goals for; GA = Goals against; GD = Goal difference.
Al-Jaish.
Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; GF = Goals for; GA = Goals against; GD = Goal difference.
Al-Karamah.
Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; GF = Goals for; GA = Goals against; GD = Goal difference.
Al-Majd.
Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; GF = Goals for; GA = Goals against; GD = Goal difference.
Al-Shorta.
Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; GF = Goals for; GA = Goals against; GD = Goal difference.
Al-Wahda.
Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; GF = Goals for; GA = Goals against; GD = Goal difference.

</doc>
<doc id="31136470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136470" title="Mariefred Sessions">
Mariefred Sessions

Mariefred Sessions is the third extended play by Swedish singer-songwriter Erik Hassle, which was released in Sweden on 23 March 2011. The EP resulted from a collaboration between Hassle and two members of Swedish rock band Kent, Joakim Berg and Martin Sköld. "Mariefred Sessions" was primarily recorded in Martin Sköld's studio in Mariefred, Sweden. Two singles were released from the EP; "Are You Leaving" was released on 16 February 2011, and "Stay Away" was released on 6 July 2011.
Writing and production.
The collaboration arose due to Kent lead singer Jocke Berg's desire to continue writing after Kent's summer tour of 2010. Hassle was contacted for a preliminary studio session, after which Kent's bass guitarist, Martin Sköld, also became involved in the project. The EP was written, recorded and produced between autumn 2010 and spring 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31136486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136486" title="Madera Community Hospital">
Madera Community Hospital

Madera Community Hospital is a not-for-profit community health resource and is not associated with any other hospital or health system. The hospital is locally governed by a Board of Trustees which provides governance and oversight. The board is composed of over a dozen community and business leaders. Madera Community Hospital was founded in 1971 and is located at 1250 E. Almond Avenue in Madera, California. The hospital contains 106 acute care beds, a 16-bed Emergency Department and a 10-bed Intensive Care Unit. Madera Community Hospital also operates two rural health care clinics and a home health agency.
Madera Community Hospital is fully accredited by the American Osteopathic Association's Healthcare Facilities Accreditation Program (HFAP), by the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Act, 1988 (CLIA) program, and is a member of the Hospital Council of Northern and Central California and the California Healthcare Association.

</doc>
<doc id="31136511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136511" title="Aidan Thomas">
Aidan Thomas

Aidan Thomas is an English football midfielder who is currently playing for Westfields after leaving Hereford United of League Two in May 2011.
Playing career.
Thomas, a Hereford United youth team graduate, was handed the number 19 shirt for the 2010–11 season, signing a one year professional deal. However he started his professional career battling against injury. He recovered to make his debut on 6 November 2010, replacing Rob Purdie 75 minutes into a 5–1 home win over Hythe Town in the FA Cup First Round. His second appearance came in the Fourth Round of the competition, he replaced James McQuilkin on 81 minutes as Sheffield Wednesday won 4–1 at Hillsborough on 29 January 2011. In March 2011 he joined AFC Telford on a months loan in order to gain first team experience. He was released by Hereford at the end of the season after failing to break into the first team, he then joined local side Westfields. He had a trial with Stoke city in April 2012.
Club stats.
As of 16 June 2011.
Family.
Aidan Thomas has three other siblings. Bethan, Glenn and Sam. Bethan has exceeded in talent over her older brother.

</doc>
<doc id="31136512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136512" title="2005 La Conchita landslide">
2005 La Conchita landslide

On January 10, 2005, a major landslide occurred in the town of La Conchita, California. The landslide killed 10 people, and destroyed or damaged dozens of houses. The landslide occurred on part of a previous landslide that occurred in 1995. The historic slides are part of the larger Rincon Mountain slide, which "started many thousands of years ago and will continue generating slides in the future."
Setting.
La Conchita is a very small community, located on the southern California coastline between Ventura and Santa Barbara. The community lies on a narrow strip of land about wide between the shoreline and abutting a high bluff. The top of the bluff is covered by avocado and citrus orchards. The bluff above La Conchita has a slope of approximately 35 degrees and consists of poorly cemented marine sediments. 
Geologic evidence indicates that landslides have been occurring at and near La Conchita for many thousands of years up to the present, on a geologically frequent basis. Historical accounts support this. Reported landslides began in 1865. In both 1889 and 1909, the Southern Pacific rail line running along the coast was inundated. In the 1909 slide, a train was buried. Since that time, other slides have occurred, covering at times cultivated land, roadways, and the community itself.
1995 La Conchita landslides.
In 1994-1995, the seasonal rainfall at Ojai (20 kilometers (12 miles) northeast of La Conchita) from October 1 through March 3 (the day before the landslide occurred) was 761 millimeters (29.96 inches), approximately twice the normal amount. 
Surface cracks in the upper part of the slope were noted as far back as the summer of 1994. At the beginning of the rainy season, in December 1994, several open cracks had opened on the hillside, and surface runoff was infiltrating into the subsurface. 
On March 4, 1995, the hill behind La Conchita failed, moving tens of meters in minutes, and buried nine homes with no loss of life. The County of Ventura immediately declared the whole community a Geological Hazard Area, imposing building restrictions on the community to restrict new construction.
Days later, on March 10, a subsequent debris flow from a canyon to the northwest damaged five additional houses in the northwestern part of La Conchita. The dimensions of the slides were approximately wide, long, and deep. The deposit covered approximately , and the volume was estimated to be approximately 1.3 million cubic meters of sediment. The landslide slumped as a coherent mass of material. 
Based on the opinion that surface water infiltration from irrigation contributed to the landslide, seventy-one homeowners sued La Conchita Ranch Co. in Bateman v. La Conchita Ranch Co. The judge ruled that irrigation was not the major cause of the slide and that the ranch owners were not responsible.
2005 La Conchita landslide.
The 2005 La Conchita Landslide occurred at the end of a 15–day period of near-record rainfall levels. From December 27, 2004 through January 10, 2005, the nearby city of Ventura received 378 millimeters (14.9 inches) of rainfall, only slightly less than its mean annual total of 390 millimeters (15.4 inches). 
On January 10, 2005, the southeastern portion of the 1995 landslide deposit failed, resulting in shallow, rapid fluid flow, unlike the 1995 landslide. The volume of the landslide was estimated to be approximately 200,000 cubic meters with a surface long and wide. The landslide destroyed 13 houses and severely damaged 23 others. There were 10 confirmed fatalities. 
Subsequently, residents formed the La Conchita Community Organization (LCCO) to coordinate with government officials to determine the best way to protect the community. In March 2006, Governor of California, Arnold Schwarzenegger, allocated $667,000 for a scientific study to determine control measures to be taken to prevent future landslides. 
In 2008, family members of those killed and or who suffered loss of property in the 2005 La Conchita Landslide filed a lawsuit against the La Conchita Ranch Co., located at the top of slope. The Ranch was found 50% negligent because it did not provide for adequate drainage of its orchards during torrential rains and settled the suit. Three years after the 2005 landslide, the owners of an avocado ranch agreed to turn over all 700 acres of their land and other assets to settle the suit.
The plaintiffs also sued the County of Ventura for damages, claiming that a wall that the County built at the base of the landslide caused or contributed to the landslide. Ultimately, the County prevailed against the plaintiffs on all claims. 
There is no reason to believe that landslides will not continue to threaten or impact La Conchita. Future landslide activity could occur in the areas of the 1995 and 2005 landslides or in other areas and could damage or destroy any or all of the developed area. The USGS report stated that "no part of the community can be considered safe from landslides." 

</doc>
<doc id="31136536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136536" title="SIP trunking">
SIP trunking

SIP trunking is a Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) and streaming media service based on the Session Initiation Protocol (SIP) by which Internet telephony service providers (ITSPs) deliver telephone services and unified communications to customers equipped with SIP-based private branch exchange (IP-PBX) and Unified Communications facilities. Most Unified Communications software applications provide voice, video, and other streaming media applications such as desktop sharing, web conferencing, and shared whiteboard.
Domains.
The architecture of SIP trunking provides a partitioning of the Unified Communications network into two different domains of expertise:
The interconnection between the two domains must occur through a SIP trunk. 
The interconnection between the two domains, created by transport via the Internet Protocol (IP), involves setting specific rules and regulations as well as the ability to handle some services and protocols that fall into the well-defined name of SIP trunking.
The ITSP is completely responsible to the applicable regulatory authority regarding all the following law obligations of the Public Domain: 
The private domain instead, by nature, is not subject to particular constraints of law, and may be either the responsibility of the ITSP, the end user (enterprise), or of a third party who provides the voice services to the company.
Architecture.
In each domain there are elements that perform the characteristic features requested to that domain, in particular the result (as part of any front-end network to the customer) is logically divided into two levels: 
The private domain consists of three levels: 

</doc>
<doc id="31136543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136543" title="Christopher Forrest">
Christopher Forrest

Christopher Forrest is a Canadian actor and sound designer. He has worked on two films – "Vincent and Me" (1990) as an actor, and the 2000 documentary film "".

</doc>
<doc id="31136548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136548" title="Tinantia">
Tinantia

Tinantia is a genus of approximately 14 species commonly called widow's tears or false dayflowers due to their resemblance of the closely related true dayflowers of the genus "Commelina". "Tinantia" is endemic to tropical parts of the New World, with a center of diversity from Mexico to Nicaragua. One species, "Tinantia anomala" is found in the U.S. State of Texas. "Tinantia pringlei", an alpine native of Mexico, is grown as an ornamental in temperate areas and is also a common greenhouse weed. The genus was named in honour of François Tinant, a Luxembourger forester.

</doc>
<doc id="31136552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136552" title="Jarai">
Jarai

Jarai may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31136559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136559" title="Geijera parviflora">
Geijera parviflora

Geijera parviflora, commonly known as the Wilga or Native Willow, is a small tree or bush found in inland parts of eastern Australia. It features thin drooping leaves, up to 18 cm (7 in) long. It was first described by English botanist John Lindley in 1848, Other vernacular names include sheepbush and dogwood. The specific epithet "parviflora" is from the Latin, meaning "small flowers".
Wilga may grow to 10 metres (35 ft) tall, and has drooping branches. The leaves are linear to spear-shaped (lanceolate) and range from 3.5 to 18 cm (1.6-7 in) long and 0.4–1 cm (0.2-0.4 in) wide. They give off a strong smell when crushed. The small white-petalled flowers of this member of the citrus family occur between June and November. Their smell has been described as foetid, and they attract blowflies. The flowers have also been described as strong smelling or citrus scented, they attract insects. The fruit are globose in shape, around 5 mm long, inside are shiny black seeds. Regeneration from fresh seed and cuttings has proven to be difficult. It is suggested that the hard seed coat should be cracked, to assist seed germination.
Wilga prefers calcareous soils - either red clays or sandy soils, and grows as scattered trees in open woodland or occasionally in stands. It is found in inland Australia, from central-western New South Wales and Queensland and Victoria into South Australia.
Wilga is a useful shade and fodder tree in agricultural areas. Sheep particularly enjoy grazing on the lower branches, although trees appear to vary greatly in palatability (some are eagerly sought after and others ignored). The reason for this variation is unknown, and soil composition is speculated as a cause. Despite being slow growing, it is planted in Australia and overseas as an ornamental. It prefers full sunshine, and can tolerate the occasional light frost and drought. Indigenous Australians chewed the aromatic leaves for alleviating toothache.

</doc>
<doc id="31136568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136568" title="Brian Christian">
Brian Christian

Brian Christian (born 1984 in Wilmington, Delaware) is an American author and poet, best known for his book "The Most Human Human". He competed as a "confederate" in the 2009 Loebner Prize competition, attempting to seem "more human" than the humans taking the test, and succeeded. He was interviewed by Jon Stewart on The Daily Show on March 8, 2011.
In 2010, Christian collaborated with film director Michael Langan on a short film adaptation of Christian's poem "Heliotropes."
Christian holds a degree from Brown University in computer science and philosophy, and an MFA in poetry from the University of Washington. He is also an alumnus of High Technology High School class of 2002. He is a native of Little Silver, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="31136573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136573" title="Min (ship)">
Min (ship)

The Min is a modern working copy of an Ancient Egyptian ship of Hatshepsut's time, built for the BBC documentary "The Pharaoh Who Conquered the Sea". It was named after the Egyptian fertility god Min.

</doc>
<doc id="31136575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136575" title="NCAA March Madness (CBS/Turner)">
NCAA March Madness (CBS/Turner)

NCAA March Madness is the title of the coverage of the NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament jointly produced by CBS Sports and Turner Sports, which began with the 2011 tournament. Games air on CBS, TNT, TBS, and truTV.
Initially, CBS will continue to have coverage during most rounds, with Turner channels covering much of the early rounds to the Sweet Sixteen. In 2016, the regional finals, Final Four and national championship game will begin to alternate between CBS and TBS. TBS will get the final two rounds in even numbered years, with CBS getting the games in odd numbered years.
This joint tournament coverage should be distinguished from CBS's regular-season coverage, which it produces on its own. Turner does not currently cover regular-season college basketball games, outside of the Coaches vs. Cancer Classic. However, games on all four networks use a variation of the longtime "CBS College Basketball" theme music.
Background and coverage breakdown.
On April 22, 2010, a monumental 14 year, 10.8 billion dollar agreement was reached with Turner to receive joint broadcast rights along with CBS for the NCAA 'March Madness' college basketball tournament. This came after there was speculation that ESPN would snag the rights to future tournament games. The NCAA took advantage of an opt-out clause in its 1999 deal with CBS (which ran through 2013 even though the NCAA had the option of ending the agreement after the 2010 championship) to announce its intention to sign a new contract with CBS and Turner Sports, a division of Time Warner (which co-owns The CW with CBS). The new contract came amid serious consideration by the NCAA of expanding the tournament to 68 teams.
It runs through 2024 and provides for the broadcast of all games of the tournament on national television for the first time in history. All first four games will air on truTV. A featured second or third round game in each time "window" will be broadcast terrestrially on CBS, while all other games will be shown either on TBS, TNT or TruTV. Sweet 16 (regional semifinal) games would be broadcast on CBS and TBS, while all games from the Elite Eight (regional final) onwards would be shown on CBS exclusively until 2016, when the CBS/TBS sharing of the Elite Eight and Final Four rounds begin. "March Madness On Demand" (now called "March Madness Live") remained unchanged, with Turner Interactive taking over management of both that service and NCAA.com as of the start on 2011. The contract was expected to be signed after a review by the NCAA Board of Directors. In 2012, the service was changed; only games televised by CBS are available for free. Free access to games televised by TBS, TNT and TruTV are only accessible to subscribers of these networks on participating television providers. A four-hour trial period is available for games on cable, after which the user must authenticate.
The same number of "windows" are provided to CBS as before, although unlike with the old schedule where all games in a window started within 10 minutes of each other, resulting in the possibility of multiple close games ending at once, the start times of games are staggered, with action lasting later in the night and fewer simultaneous games than in the previous format. As a result of the new deal, Mega March Madness, a pay-per-view out-of-market sports package covering games in the tournament, was discontinued.
The CBS/Turner coverage formally begins with "The Selection Show", the official unveiling of the teams participating in the tournament, which follows CBS's coverage of its the final game on Selection Sunday. Since 2013, however, CBS began using the "March Madness" presentation during coverage of conference championship games being broadcast by CBS, although still branded as "NCAA on CBS" telecasts. During the tournament itself, TruTV broadcasts pre-game coverage, "Infiniti NCAA Tip-Off", while TBS and TruTV also air the post-game show "Inside March Madness presented by Buick".
Contrary to their originally announced plans, Turner's involvement in the Elite Eight and Final Four rounds would instead begin in 2014—two years earlier than planned. TBS would air two Elite Eight games in 2014, and have exclusive rights to the Final Four round. However, until 2016 (when it will begin alternating between TBS and CBS), the national championship game will still air on CBS. This marked the first time that the Final Four has not been televised by a broadcast television network. Additionally, for 2014, truTV and TNT aired special "Teamcast" coverage of Final Four alongside TBS's conventional coverage, which featured commentators and other guests representing the schools in each game. While the consortium planned to tap local radio announcers from each team for the teamcasts, the majority refused due to commitments in calling the games for their local radio networks. However, Turner Sports' senior vice president of production, Craig Barry, did expect such difficulties, and planned accordingly with the possibility of using talent from outlets associated with the team or their conference (such as regional networks).
International coverage.
"NCAA March Madness" was also shown on ESPN America in Europe and the Middle East until its demise in 2013. As was the case under the CBS-only version, coverage is of a "flex feed" of games, although these were games determined by ESPN America since there is no suggested national feed. The CBS/Turner announcers were heard, although ESPN America used an additional host to transition between games.
Other college basketball coverage from Turner Sports.
Before 2011, Turner Sports' best known association with college basketball perhaps occurred on December 11, 1982, when TBS (with the aid of more than 100 independent network affiliates and stations) broadcast a contest between Virginia and Georgetown (led by Ralph Sampson and Patrick Ewing respectively). The game in question (in which TBS paid approximately $600,000 for the broadcasting rights) was called by Skip Caray and Abe Lemons.
The consortium also produces coverage of the Reese's College All-Star Game, and the Division II championship game, which are both aired by CBS. 
Beginning in 2012, truTV also began to air the pre-season Coaches vs. Cancer Classic as part of a separate deal between Turner Sports and the National Association of Basketball Coaches.
Announcers.
CBS and Turner pool their resources for the tournament, with TNT's NBA broadcast teams joining with those from CBS. Coverage originates from the CBS Broadcast Center in New York City and the Turner Sports studio in Atlanta where many of its studio shows for their coverage of the National Basketball Association and Major League Baseball emanate from.
CBS' college basketball studio host Greg Gumbel and "Inside the NBA" host Ernie Johnson, Jr. split hosting duties in the New York studio while NBA TV's Matt Winer hosts in the Atlanta studio. Johnson's colleagues on "Inside the NBA", Charles Barkley and Kenny Smith, join CBS analyst Clark Kellogg in the studio in New York while Winer is joined by his NBA TV colleague Steve Smith and CBS' Seth Davis in Atlanta.
Theme music.
As previously mentioned, all four networks use a variation of the "CBS College Basketball Theme" during the tournament. Although CBS uses this arrangement for the tournament, they still use the arrangement that has been in use since 2004 during its regular season coverage.
During all intros and outros into commercial breaks in the 2014 coverage, all broadcasters are using "Shot At The Night" by The Killers as the theme music.

</doc>
<doc id="31136577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136577" title="Juang">
Juang

Juang may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31136582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136582" title="The Doll Squad">
The Doll Squad

The Doll Squad is a 1973 low-budget action film Z movie by Feature-Faire that was later re-released under the title Seduce and Destroy. Directed, edited, co-written and co-produced by Ted V. Mikels, it features Francine York, Michael Ansara, John Carter, Anthony Eisley, Leigh Christian and Tura Satana. Mikels claimed he filmed it for a total cost of $256,000.
Plot.
CIA operative Connolly (Eisley) assigns Sabrina (York), the leader of a group of five shapely female operatives individually selected by a computer. Code named the "Doll Squad", they thwart the efforts of a mad man who formerly worked alongside Sabrina as a fellow CIA agent who has become an entrepreneur to overthrow world governments. His plan is to release rats infected with bubonic plague.
Production.
Time Inc. contributor Ed White notes that the visuals for the action sequences near the end of the film are unusually dark. This part of the film was shot in a single night. The multiple machine guns used by the actresses in this sequence was really a single weapon that was on temporarily loan to the director.
Reception.
DVD reviewer and Rolling Stone contributor Doug Pratt called it "an enjoyable action romp". He adds, "the girls kick some serious butt and they look terrific in their hot black jumpsuits. Who can resist?" Film critic Michael Adams said the film is "so slow in parts I think it should be called "The Dull Squad"", but "it picks up at the end". He rated it a solid 37/100. Nonetheless, it has become something of a cult film for fans of actress Francine York.
Influence.
This film may have been the inspiration for the "Charlie's Angels" television series. Aaron Spelling, who later produced the television series, was invited to the premiere of this movie, and the lead member of the squad was named Sabrina, just as in "Charlie's Angels". Quentin Tarantino has cited the film as an influence on his Deadly Viper Assassination Squad in his film "Kill Bill".

</doc>
<doc id="31136643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136643" title="Katla">
Katla

Katla may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31136646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136646" title="Sabyrtooth">
Sabyrtooth

Sabyrtooth are an American Rock n' Roll duo who are strongly influenced by indie rock, grunge, pop and punk. Their sound has been described as combining "ethereal, bittersweet vocals" with "visceral guitar riffs" and "blues-influenced drums".
Sabyrtooth was formed in fall, 2010, in Los Angeles, California, by Coley Read (drums and backing vocals) and Abi Mae Colbeck (guitar and lead vocals). Sabyrtooth is both a production team and a band whose richly hypnotic sound is a result of Read and Colbeck's wide-ranging influences and expertise in music production.
History.
The duo, who migrated to Los Angeles independently of each other, met in 2007 when Read began producing and engineering Colbeck's band. Since meeting, the pair have continued to create music together and describe their collaboration in Sabyrtooth as "raw and passion-fueled".
Musical style and influences.
Sabyrtooth's sound involves elements of classic rock, folk and punk rock. The group cite their core influences as including Neil Young, Bob Dylan, Led Zeppelin, The Clash, David Bowie, Television (band) and Guns n Roses. The band also draws strong inspiration from 90's grunge bands Nirvana (band), Alice in Chains, and the Jesus and Mary Chain.
Early band manager Lizzie Ripps described their sound as "merging accessible pop-rock with a heavier, brooding edge" to create an "edgy, modern, and recklessly gratifying punk-folk hybrid". Colbeck's vocals have been described as similar to those of Janis Joplin, Courtney Love, Fiona Apple or Kim Deal (The Pixies and the Breeders).
Street art & clothing.
Sabyrtooth is a street art duo producing work in graffiti style using wheat paste and stencils. They are known for creating images of Queen Elizabeth, Darth Vader, big cats, and cobras.
Resume.
2008-2010.
Between 2008-2010, Sabyrtooth produced, engineered and starred in Alan Parsons's film series, the "Art and Science of Sound Recording".
2010.
Sabyrtooth collaborated with film producer Mike Fleiss ("Hostel", "Texas Chainsaw Massacre") on California Wildebeest's eponymously titled EP. The EP was subsequently debuted at Ozzfest 2010.
On August 23, 2010, Sabyrtooth's production, "Lies", was featured on CBS television series, "The Bachelor".
2012.
In 2012, Sabyrtooth contributed to Douglass Richardson's album "Colte Wolf", which was produced by Andy Johns (Led Zeppelin and Rolling Stones).
Members.
Abi Mae Colbeck was born in Oxford, England, and was raised in Santa Cruz, California. Colbeck cites her vocal and instrumental styles as influences of her "California-girl" childhood, dance background and rock-pop in the family home. In her youth, Colbeck was the lead singer and bassist of an all-girl punk band, Jade Banger. Colbeck is a proficient bass, guitar and piano player. 
Colbeck's musical arrangement, "Special Guest", is featured in the film "The Hammer", based on the life of UFC champion Matt Hamill. Colbeck has previously collaborated with She & Him, Band of Horses, Rusty Anderson, Abe Laboriel, Jr., the Foo Fighters and Kris Kristofferson.
Coley Read was born in Pittsburgh, PA and raised in Providence, Rhode Island, United States. Read has a background in visual arts, namely painting, photography and graphic design. Read cites his musical influences as including swing and blues guitar having been mentored by blues legend Duke Robillard from the age of 16. In the decade prior to forming Sabyrtooth, Read worked as a producer, sound engineer for Alan Parsons and guitarist for Shooter Jennings & the 357's. Read has toured with many bands including Jennings, Charlie Daniels Band, Kings X, Tony Hussle/Floetry and Marsha Ambrosius on Floetry's North American VH1 tour. In with collaboration Scott Storch, Read was a session musician (guitar) on Paris Hilton’s album Paris. He cites producers Andy Johns and Alan Parsons as mentors.
Read has appeared on a number of television programs, including;
Discography.
"Laugh Until I Die" (2013, Post-Production) Produced by Andy Johns.
"The Dogs Are Out (feat. Alan Parsons)" (B-Side Rarity, 2012)
"Tales from the Canterbury" (2011), the group's first EP, was named after the Los Angeles apartment building the record was recorded in.
"My Daydream" (2010), was recorded at the request of skateboard film director, Jesse Shane Sanchez, who commissioned Sabyrtooth to develop a musical score for the film "My Daydream". The film starred members of the ZJ skateboarding house team, including Socrates Leal, Alec Beck, Marko Jazbinsek, Justin Cefai, Josue Campos and Mathew Leeb. The film was edited into a commercial for the Tech Deck fingerboard company.

</doc>
<doc id="31136673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136673" title="Glen Elder (sociologist)">
Glen Elder (sociologist)

Glen Holl Elder, Jr., (28 February 1934 in Cleveland, Ohio) is the Howard W. Odum Research Professor of Sociology (emeritus), a research professor of Psychology and a current professor at the Carolina Population Center all at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. His research interests are in social psychology, sociology, demographics and life course research. Elder's major work was the "Children of the Great Depression" in 1974. The American Academy of Arts and Sciences admitted Glen H. Elder in 1988. In 1993, he was honoured with the Cooley-Mead Award by the Social Psychology Section of the American Sociological Association. Elder was given honorary doctorates by the University of Bremen in 1999, by the Pennsylvania State University in 2003 and by the Ohio State University in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="31136713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136713" title="Tony Hayden">
Tony Hayden

Tony Hayden was a Gaelic footballer from County Leitrim. Hayden represented his county and his province, Connacht, with distinction during his playing days, playing in two Railway Cup finals in 1954 and 1955. He was also a member of the Leitrim side which played in four Connacht SFC finals in a row between 1957 and 1960, but on each occasion, as in the inter-provincial competition, Hayden ended up on the losing side against the great Galway five-in-a-row men.
At club level Hayden captained his native Bornacoola to the Leitrim Senior Football Championship and league double in 1957. Three years previously, he was also victorious on the other side of the county border having helped Craobh Rua to the Sligo senior crown.
Hayden was picked at left half back on the Leitrim Team of the Millennium.

</doc>
<doc id="31136720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136720" title="Adam Mekki">
Adam Mekki

Adam Rhys Mekki (born 24 December 1991) is an English football midfielder.
Playing career.
Mekki spent his youth at the Reading academy, before switching to Aldershot Town in 2006. He signed a professional contract with the club in the summer of 2009. In January 2011 he was loaned out to Southern Football League Premier Division side Oxford City, scoring two goals in six appearances. He made his Aldershot debut on 12 February 2011, replacing Jermaine McGlashan 81 minutes into a goalless draw at the Recreation Ground. He made his second appearance on 8 March, playing 45 minutes of a 1–0 win over Torquay United after replacing Albert Jarrett at half-time. On 26 April, it was announced that he had signed a two year contract extension with the club.
International career.
In August 2012 Mekki was named as a standby player for the Wales under-21 squad.

</doc>
<doc id="31136784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136784" title="D77">
D77

D77 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31136806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136806" title="Ellen Gittelsohn">
Ellen Gittelsohn

Ellen Gittelsohn (born April 12, 1948 in New York City, New York) is an American television director. She has also been credited under the name Ellen Falcon, despite the popular belief that she and Ellen Falcon are two different people.
Since the 1980s, Gittelsohn has amassed a number of television credits. Some of them include "The Cosby Show", "A Different World", "Newhart", "Mary", "Foley Square", "227", "Roseanne", "Major Dad", "The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air", "Living Single", "Friends", "Reba", "Shake It Up", "Two Guys, a Girl and a Pizza Place", "Everybody Loves Raymond", "Dharma & Greg", "One on One", "The Suite Life on Deck", and "Half & Half". 
In 1984, Gittelsohn earned a Primetime Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Directing for a Comedy Series for the series "Buffalo Bill".

</doc>
<doc id="31136807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136807" title="PMK gas mask">
PMK gas mask

The PMK gas mask represents a family of gas masks used by the Soviet armed forces, and later by the armed forces of the Russian Federation. It can be distinguished from its civilian counterpart, the GP-7, by its rounded triangular lenses, versus the GP-7's circular lenses.
Filtering.
The original PMK mounted the filter on only the left side of the mask. However, the filter could be mounted on both sides on the PMK-2 and later models. The filters themselves are designed to filter out toxic or radioactive vapors or aerosols, as well as biological agents. Although the filters are similar to and have the same 40 mm threads as the GP-5 gas mask, they are a slightly different design, having a sloping top with ridges stamped into the metal.
Drinking system.
The PMK gas mask contains a drinking tube, allowing soldiers wearing the mask to rehydrate without removing the mask itself. The system consists of a special canteen cap, which will only allow water to flow through when connected to the tube leading to the mask.
Appearance.
Early versions of the PMK have the trim around the lenses and over the voice diaphragm painted black. Later versions have the metal components of the mask left unpainted. The rubber parts of the mask are always black.
Civilian ownership.
Older versions of the PMK can be easily acquired through sites such as Ebay.
References.
http://www.armygasmasks.com/Russian-GP-7VM-PMK-2-Gas-Mask-p/aaagas-44.htm
http://cgi.ebay.com/Russian-USSR-millitary-black-rubber-gas-mask-PMK-new-/250785421970?pt=LH_DefaultDomain_0&hash=item3a63f9da92
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tga13gYcp9A

</doc>
<doc id="31136816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136816" title="Máire Whelan">
Máire Whelan

Máire R. Whelan SC (born c. 1962) is an Irish barrister and senior counsel who was appointed to the post of Attorney General on 9 March 2011 by President Mary McAleese on the nomination of the Taoiseach, Enda Kenny. She is the first woman to hold this position in Ireland.
Whelan studied politics and sociology at University College Galway, before switching to law, and gained a Masters Degree from the University of London. She was called to the bar in 1985, and was appointed as senior counsel in 2005. She is a co-author of "National Asset Management Agency (NAMA) Act 2009: A Reference Guide". She has served as financial secretary of the Labour Party, which is the junior member of the 2011 coalition government formed with Fine Gael. Her appointment as Attorney General caused some surprise amongst lawyers because she had a relatively low profile, owing to practising in areas of law where many cases are heard in camera.
Whelan, from Kinvara, County Galway, is married to barrister Bernard McCabe. They have one child and live in Dublin.

</doc>
<doc id="31136827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136827" title="Khasi">
Khasi

Khasi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31136834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136834" title="The Steam-Driven Boy and other Strangers">
The Steam-Driven Boy and other Strangers

The Steam-Driven Boy and other strangers is a science fiction short story collection by John Sladek, published in 1973.
Contents.
"The Parodies:"

</doc>
<doc id="31136835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136835" title="1916–17 Stoke F.C. season">
1916–17 Stoke F.C. season

The 1916–17 season was Stoke's second season in the non-competitive War League.
With the start of World War I, all Football League football was cancelled. In its place were formed War Leagues, based on geographical lines rather than based on previous league placement. Stoke contested the Lancashire Section in the Principal Tournament, and the Southern Division of the Midland Section in the Subsidiary Tournament. However, none of these were considered to be competitive football, and thus their records are not recognised by the Football League.
Season review.
In the Primary Competition of the Lancashire League Stoke finished in 3rd place with 39 points whilst in the Secondary Competition they finished 2nd with 6 points. During this season the lowest ever attendance was recorded for a Stoke first team match when 394 people saw Stoke play Oldham Athletic at Boundary Park in October 1916. Stoke's best victory in the 1916–17 season was a 7–0 over Bolton Wanderers which was sweet revenge after they had beaten Stoke 9–2 earlier in the season.
Final league table.
Lancashire Section Primary Competition.
Key: P = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; F = Goals for; A = Goals against; GA = Goal average; Pts = Points
Results.
"Stoke's score comes first"

</doc>
<doc id="31136837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136837" title="Anne Briggs (album)">
Anne Briggs (album)

Anne Briggs is a folk album released in 1971 by Anne Briggs. The songs are traditional apart from two Briggs originals, "Go Your Way" and "Living By The Water".
Track listing.
All songs are traditional.

</doc>
<doc id="31136860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136860" title="Sarah Allen">
Sarah Allen

Sarah Allen is a Canadian actress. She studied acting at Canada's National Theatre School and graduated in 2002.
Being Human.
Allen is perhaps best known for playing vampire Rebecca Flynt on SyFy's Being Human. For the role, she watched some of the original BBC version of the series and also researched vampire mythology.
About her character Rebecca, Allen has said: "She definitely starts the series with a cross to bear.. you know, really angry and kind of "guard up", but I think she makes a real effort to try to be good. She does make an effort to be good, and she wants to be, and she fails constantly, but I think that even attempts in changing Bernie, the little boy, to a vampire...[were done with good intentions...she really wanted to care for someone.." 
About Rebecca's relationship with Aidan, she has said: "She keeps on fumbling through her existence as a vampire. She keeps trying to get involved with Aidan’s life and just keeps messing up." 
She also mentioned once that having to drink fake blood on Being Human was like "drinking a tube of toothpaste".

</doc>
<doc id="31136874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136874" title="Black Prophet">
Black Prophet

Black Prophet, born Kenneth Wilberforce Zonto Bossman on 3 April 1977 in Accra, Ghana, is a Ghanaian reggae music composer and a member of the Rastafari movement.
Career.
Growing up on the streets of Ghana, Prophet endured a poverty-stricken childchood. Music, he concluded, was the only way to escape the tough life on the streets. Having appeared at a tender age with the Ola Williams band, he released his debut solo album "No Pain No Gain" in February 1998 with his backing band, the Thunder Strike. It was not until the release of "Legal Stranger" in 2003 that Prophet gained national spotlight. In 2007, Prophet's "Doubting me" was named best reggae song of the year at the Ghana National Music Awards. The release of his second album attracted international attention as well;d for the first time in his career, he visited the Netherlands and Sweden where he played at various festivals, including Oland Roots, Irie Vibes Festival, and Afrika Festival Delft. He has worked and collaborated with various international reggae artists. including
Rita Marley, Pliers, Don Carlos, Yellowman, Steel Pulse, Lucky Dube, Alpha Blondy, Buju Banton and Dean Fraser, who produced a song on his latest album "Tribulations" in December 2010. The album features a duet with reggae icon Capleton.
Personal.
Black Prophet is a vegan. He is also a member of the Twelve Tribes of Israel Rastafari Movement.
Sources.
Scholastica Nyarko, (2007), "Black Prophet goes solo with Legal Stranger" "The Statesman" 5-5-2007 Retrieved March 10, 2011
Aglanu Dela Ernest (2009), "Black Prophet, the reggae prophet with a prophecy" "Ghana Nation" 8-24-2009 Retrieved March 10, 2011

</doc>
<doc id="31136877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136877" title="Khakas">
Khakas

Khakas may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31136898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136898" title="Glade Farms, West Virginia">
Glade Farms, West Virginia

Glade Farms is an unincorporated community in Preston County, West Virginia, United States. Glade Farms is located on West Virginia Route 26 north-northeast of Brandonville.

</doc>
<doc id="31136901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136901" title="Yemsa">
Yemsa

Yemsa may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31136906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136906" title="5-APB">
5-APB

5-(2-aminopropyl)benzofuran or 1-benzofuran-5-ylpropan-2-amine (5-APB) is a triple monoamine reuptake inhibitor with Ki values of 180, 265 and 811 for NET, DAT and SERT respectively as well as being a potent agonist for the 5-HT2A and 5-HT2B receptors (Ki of 14nM at 5-HT2B). This agonism for 5-HT2B makes it likely that 5-APB would be cardiotoxic with long term use, as seen in other 5-HT2B agonists such as fenfluramine and MDMA. The subjective effects and structure-activity relationship suggest that 5-APB is also a monoamine releasing agent. Preliminary evidence suggests 5-APB is an inhibitor of the CYP2D6 enzyme.
5-APB is commonly found as the succinate and hydrochloride salt. The hydrochloride salt is 10% more potent by mass and doses should be adjusted accordingly.
5-APB is also an agonist of the 5-HT2C receptor as well as a triple monoamine reuptake inhibitor. It has been sold as a designer drug since 2010. Anecdotal reports from users suggest it has stimulant and empathogenic effects, but less psychedelic action than related compounds such as 6-APB and 5-APDB.
Detection.
A forensic standard of 5-APB is available, and the compound has been posted on the Forendex website of potential drugs of abuse. The US Department of Justice and DEA have also conducted studies concerning the detection of 5-APB.
Effects.
Users describe effects as euphoric. Largely, effects reported were similar to that of the drug MDA but not as strong.
Legality.
On March 5, 2014 the UK Home Office announced that 6-APB would be made a class B drug on 10 June 2014 alongside every other benzofuran entactogen and many structurally related drugs.

</doc>
<doc id="31136964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136964" title="Antoni Sarcevic">
Antoni Sarcevic

Antoni Charles Sarcevic (born 13 March 1992) is an English footballer who plays for Fleetwood Town as a midfielder.
Club career.
Born in Manchester, Greater Manchester, Sarcevic was in the youth system of boyhood club Manchester City aged seven to 15, before joining the youth system at Woodley Sports in 2008. He made his first team debut for Woodley in August 2009 and was offered a trial with Premier League club Blackburn Rovers during the 2009–10 season. Sarcevic was signed by League Two side Crewe Alexandra for an undisclosed fee in May 2010, on a one-year contract with an option to extend for a further year.
Chester.
He was loaned out to Northern Premier League Division One North club Chester in October 2010. After two goals in seven appearances he was recalled to Crewe by Dario Gradi. Impressive in his loan spell, he scored on his Crewe debut on 1 February 2011, the last goal of a 6–2 defeat to Northampton Town. On 23 November 2011 he returned to Chester as a permanent signing. During his first two seasons with Chester, they were promoted twice to the Football Conference, in the process winning the Northern Premier League Premier Division, Peter Swales Shield, Conference North and Cheshire Senior Cup. After impressive performances for Chester Sarcevic reportedly attracted interest from football league clubs and won a call up to the England C.
Fleetwood Town.
On 26 June 2013 Fleetwood Town signed Antoni Sarcevic for an undisclosed fee. He made his debut for the club as Fleetwood Town beat Dagenham & Redbridge 3–1. On 23 November Sarcevic scored his first Football League hat-trick in the 5–4 home victory against Mansfield Town 5–4. His 15th goal of the season was a 75th-minute free-kick in the play-off final against Burton Albion on 26 May, which won promotion to League One.
International career.
Antoni was called up to England C for the first to face Bermuda in a friendly on 5 May 2013. He scored the first goal in the game.
Personal life.
He is of Italian and Serbian descent.

</doc>
<doc id="31136984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136984" title="Tausūg">
Tausūg

Tausūg may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31136992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31136992" title="Miguel Roman (boxer)">
Miguel Roman (boxer)

Miguel Roman (born November 14, 1985 in Ciudad Juarez, Chihuahua, Mexico) is an Mexico super featherweight boxer.
Pro career.
On March 12, 2011 he lost to Jonathan Victor Barros for the WBA Featherweight belt.

</doc>
<doc id="31137005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31137005" title="Officer Education System">
Officer Education System

The Officer Education System (OES) is the progressive and sequential education and training process for officers in the Army that begins in the pre commissioning phase and continues in schools at the basic entry level, captain level, intermediate command and staff level, and senior level. 
The varying schools and their objectives are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="31137019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31137019" title="Sir George Howard (courtier)">
Sir George Howard (courtier)

Sir George Howard (c.1519 - 1580) was an English courtier, politician, author and diplomat, and the brother of King Henry VIII's fifth queen, Katherine Howard. Howard held offices at court under four monarchs, Henry VIII, Edward VI, Mary I, and Elizabeth I, most notably the office of Master of the Armoury, and undertook several diplomatic missions. A masque written by Howard was produced at court during the reign of Edward VI, and he is mentioned by name in the Langham letter, which describes the Earl of Leicester's entertainment of Queen Elizabeth at Kenilworth Castle in July 1575.
Life.
Howard was the third son of Lord Edmund Howard (c.1478 – 19 March 1539), the third son of Thomas Howard, 2nd Duke of Norfolk by his first wife, Elizabeth Tilney. Lord Edmund Howard was reputed a spendthrift who wasted the lands he obtained through his first marriage to Joyce Culpeper, the daughter and coheir of Sir Richard Culpeper of Oxen Hoath, Kent, and 'fled abroad to avoid his creditors', leaving his children by her to be brought up by relatives. It thus seems likely that Sir George, like his sister Katherine, later Queen Katherine Howard, spent part of his early life in the household of his step-grandmother, the Dowager Duchess of Norfolk. 
Howard's father died on 19 March 1539, 'overwhelmed by debts'. However Howard's financial situation was alleviated in 1540 when his sister, Katherine, married King Henry VIII as his fifth wife. The King granted Howard a pension of 100 marks, several manors, and, together with his brother Charles, a licence to import Gascon wine. On 13 February 1542, however, Howard's sister Katherine was executed for treason, and Howard turned to soldiering, serving as a captain at Boulogne in 1546, and as a standard-bearer at the Battle of Pinkie in 1547, for which latter service his 'forward courage' was noted and he was knighted by Somerset on 28 September 1547. Howard campaigned again in Scotland in 1548, and was sent on a diplomatic mission to King Henry II of France in May 1551.
Howard sat as the member for Devizes during the first Parliament of King Edward VI. His masque, "The Triumph of Cupid, Venus and Mars", was produced at court during the Christmas season of 1552-1553 by George Ferrers.
After the young King's death on 6 July 1553, Howard at first joined Northumberland's forces, but is said to have quarreled with Northumberland's son, and speedily taken 50 horse to join the forces supporting Queen Mary. On her accession the Queen at first treated Howard with suspicion, but in January 1554 granted him an annuity of £200. Howard further demonstrated his allegiance by serving with his uncle, Thomas Howard, 3rd Duke of Norfolk, in putting down Wyatt's rebellion in that year. When Norfolk died on 25 August 1554, Howard was chief mourner.
Howard was appointed carver to Queen Mary's husband, Philip II of Spain, but was unable to take up the position when the King arrived in England in 1554 with his own entourage of Spanish servants. He was sent on a diplomatic mission to the Emperor in the same year, and later sat as a member of Parliament for Rochester in Kent. In 1558 he sat as member for Winchelsea.
Howard's cousin Elizabeth acceded to the throne in November 1558. Howard was with the court at Kenilworth Castle when the Queen's favourite, the Earl of Leicester, entertained the Queen there in lavish splendour in July 1575. In the Langham Letter, which describes the Kenilworth entertainment in lively detail, the author refers to Howard as someone with whom he is on friendly terms: 'In afternoons and a nights, sumtime am I with the right woorshipfull Syr George Howard, az good a Gentlman as ony lyves: And sumtime at my good Lady Sydneyz chamber, a Noblwooman, that I am az mooch boound untoo, az ony poor man may be untoo so gracious a Lady'. He is one of the few courtiers mentioned by name in the Letter.
The Queen appointed him a Gentleman Usher of the Privy Chamber by 1579. In his latter years Howard lived in Kent, where he served as a Justice of the Peace and was certified by Archbishop Matthew Parker as 'favourable to sound religion'.
Howard died in 1580.

</doc>
<doc id="31137025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31137025" title="Bloeme Evers-Emden">
Bloeme Evers-Emden

Bloeme Evers-Emden (born 26 July 1926, Amsterdam) is a Dutch Jewish teacher and child psychologist who extensively researched the phenomenon of "hidden children" during World War II and wrote four books on the subject in the 1990s. Her interest in the topic grew out of her own experiences during World War II, when she was forced to go into hiding from the Nazis and was subsequently arrested and deported to Auschwitz on the last transport leaving the Westerbork transit camp on 3 September 1944. Together with her on the train were Anne Frank and her family, whom she had known in Amsterdam. She was liberated on 8 May 1945.
In the 1980s, Evers-Emden earned a doctorate in developmental psychology and began interviewing and writing about the phenomenon of "hidden children" from the points of view of the children, their biological parents, their non-Jewish foster parents, and their non-Jewish foster siblings. She was also interviewed for several television documentaries on her remembrances of Anne Frank and her family before they went into hiding and after they were sent to Auschwitz.
Early life.
She was born Bloeme Emden in Amsterdam to Emanuel Emden, a diamond cutter and a socialist, and Rosa Emden-DeVries, a seamstress. Her younger sister, Via Roosje, was born 29 May 1932.
In 1941 Bloeme attended the Jewish lyceum, where she befriended Anne Frank and her sister, Margot. Bloeme was in the same grade as Margot, but in a different class. In July 1942 Bloeme received a deportation order from the local government office. Her father went to the Central Room for Jewish Resettlement and found a sympathetic German who stamped the order "released." She returned to the high school in September, but her class kept shrinking from deportations throughout the year, to the point that only three students were left at the end of the year. By the time oral examinations were administered three weeks later, Bloeme was the only student in her class.
On the first day of the oral examinations in May 1943, Bloeme's non-Jewish boyfriend warned her that the Germans were looking for her. She asked the school board to administer all 12 of her examinations at once, and she received her high school diploma that same day. When the Germans arrived, they took her to an assembly point for Amsterdam Jews, but she managed to enter the building without being registered. A few days later, she sneaked out with a group of younger teens. At first she hid in the home of Christian friends of her parents who worked in the Dutch underground, but they were afraid that if they were arrested, Bloeme would be, too. She spent the next year hiding in 15 to 16 different places, including an Amsterdam old-age home and a job as a maid for a widow and her son in Rotterdam. When she returned to the people who worked in the underground, she was arrested and sent to Westerbork.
Deportation and incarceration.
Bloeme was deported to Auschwitz on the last train leaving Westerbork on 3 September 1944. On the same train were the Frank family who had been discovered in hiding on 4 August. Bloeme saw Anne, Margot and their mother regularly in Auschwitz, although she was part of a separate group of eight women who stayed together, encouraging and helping one another. In October 1944, Bloeme and her group were selected for transfer to the Liebau labor camp in Upper Silesia. For the filming of the 1995 BBC documentary "Anne Frank Remembered", Bloeme recalled that Anne, Margot, and their mother, Edith, also planned to join the transport, but Anne was prohibited from joining because she had developed scabies. Her mother and sister opted to stay with her, and Bloeme went on without them. Bloeme was also interviewed for her remembrances of the Frank women in Auschwitz in the 1988 television documentary "The Last Seven Months of Anne Frank" by Dutch filmmaker Willy Lindwer.
Bloeme was liberated by the Soviets at Liebau on 8 May 1945. She and a small group of friends began walking back to the Netherlands on foot, arriving six weeks later. She discovered that her parents and sister had been deported to the Sobibor extermination camp, where they all perished.
Post-war research.
After the war, she married Hans Evers and raised a "relatively large family" in Amsterdam. However, she testified, she was unable to talk about her war experiences with her family. She began studying psychology part-time and became a lecturer in psychology at the University of Amsterdam in 1973. She earned her doctorate in the late 1980s.
In the 1980s she began holding group therapy sessions for former hidden children, addressing "our grief, our anger, our aggression and our mourning". At the Hidden Child Conference held in Amsterdam in 1992, she interviewed 73 former hidden children, and with questionnaires completed by another 321 attendants, she began her research into the emotional and psychological trauma of hidden children, widening her scope to include the points of view of the children, their biological parents, their non-Jewish foster parents, and their non-Jewish foster siblings.
In the 1990s Evers-Emden published four books in Dutch based on her research. "Geleende Kinderen" (Borrowed Children) (1994) focused on the foster parents who hid the children. "Ondergedoken Geweest, Een Afgesloten Verleden?" (Hidden During the War: A Closed-Off Past?) (1995) examined the written responses of 300 hidden children to a questionnaire. "Geschonden Bestaan" (Shattered Existence) (1996) interviewed the parents who sent their children into hiding. "Je ouders delen" (Sharing Your Parents) (1999) focused on the foster siblings of the hidden children.
In 1991 she was decorated by Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands as an officer of the Order of Orange-Nassau.
Her son, Raphael Evers, is the Rabbi of Rotterdam.

</doc>
<doc id="31137047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31137047" title="Remona Fransen">
Remona Fransen

Remona Fransen (born November 11, 1985) is a Dutch athlete, specialising in multi-eventing disciplines.
At the 2011 European Indoor Championships in Athletics in Paris, Fransen won her first major international medal in the pentathlon with a points total of 4,665. En route to her pentathlon bronze, she broke the Dutch indoor record in the high jump with a height of 1.92 m.

</doc>
<doc id="31137049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31137049" title="Koorete">
Koorete

Koorete may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31137062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31137062" title="Chen Aharoni">
Chen Aharoni

Chen Aharoni (in ) (also known as CHEN and also transliterated as Hen Aharoni) (born in Holon, Israel on 12 April 1990) is an Israeli singer-songwriter, musician and television presenter
Career.
"Kokhav Nolad" (2007).
He came into fame after taking part in 2007 in season 5 of "Kokhav Nolad" ( meaning A Star Is Born) structured on the international "Idol series". He was eliminated after a showdown with Shlomi Bar'el before the finals. Aharoni finished 4th overall, with Bar'el ending up third. The 2007 title was won by Bo'az Ma'uda with Marina Maximilian Blumin as runner-up.
Solo career.
After "Kokhav Nolad", Chen Aharoni went on to sign a deal with the Israeli record label NMC Music and gaining popularity.
While Chen made musical performances throughout Israel, he started hosting TV show called "Ra'ash" (meaning noise in Hebrew) on the Israeli music channel Music 24 for 2 seasons. In August 2008 he was drafted into the Israeli army (IDF).
In 2009, he started to release singles from his forthcoming debut album. The self-titled debut album "Chen Aharoni" (חן אהרוני) was released on 23 December 2010 and received critical acclaim. "Yedioth Ahronoth" in its "Entertainment Plus" special supplement published on the occasion of the Hebrew New Year picked the album as one of the Top 10 best albums of the year 2010-2011 alongside names like Dudu Tasa, Berry Sakharof and Noam Rotem.
He has had many successful hits including No.1 on the Israeli singles chart with "Neshima" () a duet with Israeli singer Esti Ginzburg. He reached #2 with his co-authored song "Kol ma SheRatziti" () and scored a second #1 hit in his career with "Mami" (), from the Israeli rock opera "Mami".
In June 26, 2011, Chen's first single from his upcoming album was released. It was entitled "Holech Le'sham" ( meaning: Go there) Chen's second album "Nosea Rahok" () was released in October 2012 and got positive reviews. Three songs from this record have topped the 10 Israeli music charts. On 17 October 2012, Chen opened his official "Nosea Rachok Tour" that will tour all around Israel.
"Kdam Eurovision" (2011).
On 8 March 2011, Chen Aharoni took part in the "Kdam Eurovision" selection contest finals for the Israeli entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 in Düsseldorf, Germany with the song "Or" ( meaning Light) written by Sahar Hagai and Nitzan Kaykov finishing fourth with 142 points, with Dana International winning the contest with 270 points with "Ding Dong".
"The X Factor" (2013).
In 2013 he entered the tenth series of the United Kingdom version of "The X Factor". 
In the room auditions of "X Factor", he sang Taylor Swift's "I Knew You Were Trouble", got 4 yeses and reaching the Arena stage of live auditions, where he sang Take That song "Back for Good" mixed with Cher Lloyd's "Want U Back" as back track. He got 3 yes votes from Nicole Scherzinger, Sharon Osbourne and Louis Walsh, with Gary Barlow from Take That being the only dissenting vote. Aharoni reached the bootcamp stage, where he sang "Drive By" alongside candidates Lee Lambert and Ryan Davies. All including Aharoni were sent home by their mentor Louis Walsh. He failed to make it to "judges' houses" (final 24) with Walsh claiming that he was just OK, but not sufficient to be included in his category.
Following his elimination in the UK competition, it was announced later in 2013 that Chen will be hosting the Israeli version of "The Xtra Factor" (in Hebrew: מבזק האקס) on an Israeli channel.
International album (2013-2014).
In October 14, 2013 Chen released his first English-language single "Crazy" for Pre-order on iTunes. the song picked to No. 3 on the Israeli songs chart and officially released in October 20, 2013.
Personal life.
In June 22, 2011 Chen Aharoni finished his military service in the Israeli Army (IDF) after being drafted in August 2008. During his military service, he served in the Armored Corps as injuries coordinator and instructor at a medical complex in Tel HaShomer. He also took part in the annual festival of the Friends of the Israel Defense Forces which is held in the Yarkon Park in Tel Aviv.

</doc>
<doc id="31137095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31137095" title="List of Vanderbilt Commodores head football coaches">
List of Vanderbilt Commodores head football coaches

The Vanderbilt Commodores college football team represents Vanderbilt University in the East Division of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). The Commodores compete as part of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I Football Bowl Subdivision. The program has had 27 head coaches since it began play during the 1890 season.
The team has played more than 1,150 games over 121 seasons of Vanderbilt football. In that time, five coaches have led the Commodores to postseason bowl games: Arthur Guepe, Steve Sloan, George MacIntyre, Bobby Johnson and Franklin. Four other coaches won conference championships: R. G. Acton, Walter H. Watkins, James H. Henry and Dan McGugin. Between them, the coaches won eleven Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association championships; McGugin led the team to an additional two titles as a member of the Southern Conference.
McGugin is the leader in seasons coached and games won, with 198 victories during his 30 years at Vanderbilt. E. H. Alley has the highest winning percentage with 1.000. Robbie Caldwell has the lowest winning percentage with .167. Of the 27 different head coaches who have led the Commodores, McGugin, Ray Morrison, Henry Russell Sanders, and Bill Edwards have been inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in South Bend, Indiana.
References.
General
Specific

</doc>
<doc id="31137101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31137101" title="The Hazards of Love (EP)">
The Hazards of Love (EP)

The Hazards of Love is an EP by Anne Briggs, released by Topic Records in 1963.
Track listing.
All songs are traditional.
Release History.
Topic re-issued the EP as a limited edition vinyl facsimile to celebrate record store day in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="31137109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31137109" title="Peter Mikhailovich Kulakov">
Peter Mikhailovich Kulakov

Peter Mikhailovich Kulakov (born March 21, 1964) is a television evangelist, founding director of the first Christian Media Center in the former Soviet Union, pastor, and overseas missionary. He was born in Kokand, Uzbekistan and raised in central Russia.
In 1990, at the age of 26, Kulakov was the first Christian to appear live regularly on two national communist radio networks, blanketing 11 time zones with 900 FM stations. Moscow State University research showed the Voice of Hope radio program as the most popular among all the other religious broadcasts.
In 1992 he appeared at the Kremlin Palace of Culture for 12 days as a Russian translator for American Evangelist Mark Finley, as well as in the Moscow Olympic Stadium in 1993. <br>In 2005 Peter Kulakov started a weekly Light of Hope television program in two languages, Russian and English. The Russian Light of Hope program is broadcast on the CNL evangelical satellite network, as well as on the Hope Europe satellite channel. The English program is aired weekly on Comcast channel 5 in Metro Atlanta. 
In 2007 and in 2010 Kulakov presented two major satellite evangelistic series of meetings live from Kiev, Ukraine and Chisineu, Moldova.
Biography.
Kulakov was born in Kokand, Uzbekistan. He was the fifth out of six children born to Anna and Mikhail Kulakov, prisoner of conscience and gulag survivor.

</doc>
<doc id="31137111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31137111" title="Kyrgyz">
Kyrgyz

Kyrgyz or Kirghiz may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31137128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31137128" title="2011 A Lyga">
2011 A Lyga

The 2011 A Lyga was the 22nd season of the A Lyga, the top-tier football league of Lithuania. The season began on 12 March 2011 and ended on 6 November 2011. Ekranas were the defending champions, having won their third consecutive title at the end of the 2010 season.
Teams.
The league will see a change in the number of teams once again as twelve teams were granted a licence for 2011, one more than in the 2010 season.
FK Vėtra were expelled over financial troubles after 16 matches of the 2010 season; their records were annulled and the team was subsequently disbanded. From the remaining ten clubs, Atletas Kaunas, who finished in last place at the end of the season, were the only team not to apply for a 2011 top-level licence. Atletas therefore played at the second level in 2011.
Three new teams were admitted to the league, unbeaten 2010 1 Lyga champions FBK Kaunas, seventh-placed team Atlantas Klaipėda and Dainava Alytus, a merger between 1 Lyga runners-up Alytis Alytus and third-placed city rivals Vidzgiris. FBK Kaunas and Atlantas made their return after two seasons in the lower divisions of the Lithuanian league system, while Dainava had their debut in the A Lyga, as neither of its predecessor clubs played at the Lithuanian top level in its history.
Results.
Teams played each other three times, either twice at home and once away or vice versa, for a total of 33 matches per team.
Top goalscorers.
"Including matches played on 6 November 2011; Source: Lietuvos futbolo statistika"

</doc>
<doc id="31137186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31137186" title="Murray, Frank &amp; Sailer">
Murray, Frank &amp; Sailer

Murray Frank LLP (formerly known as Murray, Frank & Sailer LLP) is a law firm based in New York City that specializes in class action litigation, particularly in cases involving federal securities law, federal antitrust law, ERISA, and state consumer protection law. 
Notable Cases
The firm traces its origin to 1963, and has litigated the landmark cases of "Sirota v. Solitron Devices, Inc." (holding that there is an implied right of contribution among joint tortfeasors) and "Escott v. BarChris Const. Corp." (holding that a commencement of a class action tolls the statute of limitations for claims of other class members). 
Brian Murray, a current partner at the firm, prevailed on an issue of first impression in the Superior Court of Massachusetts, in "Cambridge Biotech Corp. v. Deloitte and Touche LLP", in which the court applied the doctrine of continuous representation for statute of limitations purposes to accountants for the first time in Massachusetts. 
Jacqueline Sailer, a former partner at the firm, prevailed in "Naevus Intl., Inc. v. AT&T Corp.", in which the court established limits on the reach of the Federal Communications Act on state consumer fraud claims, and "Kinney v. Metro Global Media, Inc.", in which the court addressed the pleading standard for fraud under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 for claims against an auditor, an issue of first impression in the District of Rhode Island.
Notable Settlements
Notable Alumni
Attorney Publications

</doc>
<doc id="31137235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31137235" title="List of Commelinaceae genera">
List of Commelinaceae genera

This is a list of "Commelinaceae" genera as of 2010. This list includes all genera recognised as current by the Kew World Checklist of Selected Plant Families.

</doc>
<doc id="31137242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31137242" title="Minister for Tourism, Culture and Sport">
Minister for Tourism, Culture and Sport

Minister for Tourism, Culture and Sport may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31137250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31137250" title="Fencing at the 2002 Asian Games">
Fencing at the 2002 Asian Games

Fencing at the 2002 Asian Games was held in Gangseo Gymnasium, Busan, South Korea from September 29 to October 4, 2002.
Results.
Men.
Individual épée.
September 29
Team épée.
October 2
Individual foil.
September 29
Team foil.
October 2
Individual sabre.
October 1
Team sabre.
October 4
Women.
Individual épée.
October 1
Team épée.
October 4
Individual foil.
September 30
Team foil.
October 3
Individual sabre.
September 30
Team sabre.
October 3

</doc>
<doc id="31137258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31137258" title="Department of Public Expenditure and Reform">
Department of Public Expenditure and Reform

The Department of Public Expenditure and Reform () is a department of the Government of Ireland. It is led by the Minister for Public Expenditure and Reform who is assisted by one Minister of State.
The Department was established in July 2011. The Department took over the functions of Public Expenditure from the Department of Finance. The Department of Public Expenditure and Reform is responsible for overseeing the reform of the Public Sector. The Comprehensive Expenditure Report 2012–14 set a spending ceiling for the department of €837 million for the year 2013, and €826 million for the year 2014.
Departmental team.
The headquarters and ministerial offices of the department are in Government Buildings, Merrion Street, Dublin 2. The departmental team consists of the following:
Overview.
The Department took over two of the six divisions within the Department of Finance. They are:
The Department currently has 9 divisions:
Functions.
The functions of the Department are set out in the Ministers and Secretaries (Amendment) Act 2011 which transfers to the Minister for Public Expenditure and Reform the functions of the Minister for Finance relating to public expenditure, public service pay etc., and public service modernisation.
The Act is supplemented by two orders, the Finance (Transfer of Departmental Administration and Ministerial Functions) Order 2011 (SI No. 418 of 2011) which transfers a large number of specific statutory functions from Finance to the Department, and the Finance (Transfer of Departmental Administration and Ministerial Functions) (No. 2) Order 2011 (SI No. 480 of 2011) which adds a limited further list to the statutory functions transferred.
In addition, in 2012 the Statute Law Revision Programme was transferred to the Department from the Office of the Attorney General.

</doc>
<doc id="31137264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31137264" title="GHL">
GHL

GHL may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31137276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31137276" title="Thomas Playford">
Thomas Playford

Thomas Playford may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31137395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31137395" title="Evidence (Mal Waldron album)">
Evidence (Mal Waldron album)

Evidence is an album by jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in Canadea and released on the Canadian Dark Light Music label.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Ken Dryden awarded the album 4 stars stating "The pianist's interpretations of standards on this date are among the best of his career". 

</doc>
<doc id="31137398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31137398" title="Carl Hillmann">
Carl Hillmann

Carl Hillmann (March 29, 1870 – ?) was an American Republican politician from Wisconsin.
Born in Rantoul, Wisconsin, Hillmann served on the Rantoul Town Board, as Justice of the Peace, and on the Calumet County, Wisconsin Board of Supervisors. He served in the Wisconsin State Assembly in 1923, 1925, and 1927.

</doc>
<doc id="31137405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31137405" title="The Vortex (film)">
The Vortex (film)

The Vortex is a 1928 British drama film directed by Adrian Brunel and starring Ivor Novello, Willette Kershaw and Simeon Stuart. It was an adaptation of the Noël Coward play "The Vortex" and was made by Gainsborough Studios. The film's sets were designed by Clifford Pember.

</doc>
<doc id="31137413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31137413" title="Willets, North Carolina">
Willets, North Carolina

Willets is an unincorporated community in Jackson County, North Carolina, United States. Willets is located along US 74, West of Balsam and East of Sylva. It is home to the Balsam-Willets-Ochre Hill fire department, a church, and many homes. It formerly was a thriving unincorporated town along the Murphy Branch of the Western North Carolina Railroad, but seriously declined during the great depression in the 1930s, consolidations of the schools in the Scott Creek Township in 1951, and the widening/straightening of US 23 in the early 1950s and early 1970s. Today it is a tiny bedroom community for the larger population centers of Waynesville and Sylva.
History.
The community of Willets is located near Balsam and is sometimes confused as being a part of Balsam, though it is not. Willets had several churches, two mills, a depot, school, post office, stores and homes. It was a small railroad town along the Murphy Branch of the Western North Carolina Railroad, later the Southern Railway. US 23 was first blazed through Willets in the 1920s, with sharp curves, steep grades, and one-lane wooden or concrete bridges, many of which still serve the old roadway, now known as Old US 19-23, Dark Ridge Road, Willets Road, and Old Balsam Depot Road. The realignment, widening and straightening of US 23 in 1950s made the community more accessible from the outside world than ever. Further construction of a new 4-Lane roadway, US 74/23 in the 1970s, cut further into the Willets community, led to the demolition of several historic buildings, and opened Willets to the outside world. At this time the remaining stores in Willets closed permanently Today it is largely a bedroom community for Sylva and Waynesville. The stores are all long closed though a few of the old store buildings still stand and the schools were consolidated into Scotts Creek Elementary in 1951. The mills are long closed and demolished. Balsam still has a post office, but mail hasn't been delivered to Willets in a long time, as Willets Post Office closed in 1934, around the same time as the collapse of the lumber and mining industries in the area. Willets Depot is long gone, and it is a shadow of the thriving small town it was from the 1900s up until the 1930s.

</doc>
<doc id="31137453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31137453" title="Los Angeles County Young Democrats">
Los Angeles County Young Democrats

The Los Angeles County Young Democrats (LACYD) is a political organization in Southern California. It is an official Democratic Club, and is chartered with the California Young Democrats, the Democratic Party of the San Fernando Valley, and the Los Angeles County Democratic Party.
LACYD has more than 1,000 members and supporters. To be an active member, one must be a registered Democrat from 18 to 35 years of age.
Mission statement.
"The Los Angeles County Young Democrats are dedicated to empowering young people to engage in the democratic process through education, opportunity and action in order to strengthen our influence in politics and policies that affect our lives."
Founders.
LACYD was founded in 1973 by Congressman Henry Waxman, Congressman Howard Berman, former Los Angeles City Controller Rick Tuttle, and others.
Notable former board members.
Notable former LACYD Executive board members include:
Electoral activity.
LACYD has been active in elections at the local, state, and national level since its founding. Members work for endorsed candidates, and representatives speak to other organizations and media outlets about the candidates and issues LACYD has endorsed. The group also organizes candidate forums and debates and takes positions on public issues.
Candidates have been known to go to great lengths to seek the group's endorsement, and cite the group's endorsement as a reason to vote for them.
On February 28, 2011, then LACYD President David Graham-Caso was quoted in the "Los Angeles Daily News", advocating for Los Angeles Measure L, an initiative to restore funding to libraries.

</doc>
<doc id="31137454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31137454" title="Sing a Song for You">
Sing a Song for You

Sing a Song for You is a folk album released in 1997 by Anne Briggs. It was originally recorded in 1973 but was initially withheld from release as Anne Briggs reportedly wasn't satisfied with her singing on the album.

</doc>
<doc id="31137506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31137506" title="William F. Moran">
William F. Moran

William F. Moran Jr. or Bill Moran (May 1, 1925 - February 12, 2006) was a knifemaker who founded the American Bladesmith Society and reintroduced the process of making pattern welded steel to modern knife making. Moran's knives were sought after by celebrities and heads-of-state. The "William F. Moran School of Bladesmithing" bears his name and in addition to founding the ABS, he was a "Blade Magazine" Hall of Fame Member and a President of the Knifemakers' Guild.
Early life.
Moran was born on a dairy farm near Lime Kiln, Maryland in 1925. There he learned the craft of blacksmithing by trial and error using an old coal forge that he found on the farm and made his first knife at the age of 12; by the age of 14 he was making knives to sell. As a teenager he taught himself how to forge a blade, obtaining advice from local blacksmiths (although in a 2003 interview with "The Washington Post", Moran said he was "getting all the wrong answers" from them) and by the 1950s he was publishing a catalog and selling his forged blades. In 1960 he sold the family farm to become a full-time knife maker.
Knife making.
Moran forged his knives using a coal forge in the manner of a blacksmith using a hammer and anvil to shape the steel. In the 1950s he was one of the last few bladesmiths in the United States, forging his metal as opposed to grinding blades out of stock. Moran began trying to revive the ancient process of forging Damascus steel in the late 1960s. However, no living bladesmith knew the exact techniques and without a recipe for the process, it was in danger of being lost; through trial and error he taught himself pattern welding and referred to it as "Damascus steel".
In 1972, Moran was elected president of the Knifemakers' Guild. The following year he unveiled his "Damascus knives" at the Guild Show and created a revival of interest in the forged blade, and along with the knives he gave away free booklets detailing how he made them. In 1976 he founded the American Bladesmith Society (ABS), a group of knife makers dedicated to preserving the forged blade and educating the public about traditional bladesmithing techniques. Moran had a 20-year long waiting list and sold knives to such celebrities as Sylvester Stallone and members of royalty including Queen Elizabeth II and King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia. According to the "Washington Post", Sylvester Stallone's knife cost the actor $7,000 and included over 30 feet of silver wire in the handle.
Death.
Moran died of cancer on February 12, 2006, at Frederick Memorial Hospital. After his death, one of his Bowie knives sold for $30,000 at auction. According to his obituary in the "Washington Post", Moran willed his forge and tools to the Frederick County Landmarks Foundation.
Legacy.
Apart from his influence regarding the forged blade, pattern welding, and damascus steel, Moran's influence has spread to other realms of the cutlery industry beyond "Art Knives". Copies of Moran's knives have been made by production knife companies. Spyderco has long made a Drop point hunting knife, inspired by a Moran designs. Blackjack Knives made several tactical versions of Moran's fighting knives. Paul Chen's Hanwei Forge of China made a damascus steel version of the Moran Kenshar, complete with silver wire inlay. Custom Knifemaker Ernest Emerson has long stated that the Moran ST-23 was one of the inspirations for his CQC-8 folding knife.
In 1986, Moran was inducted into the "Blade" Magazine Cutlery Hall of Fame. Two years later in 1988, Moran and the ABS founded a Bladesmithing School in cooperation with Texarkana College. The campus was located in Washington, Arkansas near the place where James Black, made the first Bowie knife. In 1996, Moran was inducted into the American Bladesmith Society Hall of Fame as an inauguree. From 1988 to 2001, Moran taught at least one class a year at the school. Upon his retirement from teaching in 2001, the school was renamed the "William F. Moran School of Bladesmithing". 
As of 2008, the American Bladesmith Society is in the process of creating a Moran Museum as a wing of a new Frederick County Library in Middletown, Maryland, less than a mile from where Moran's shop stood.

</doc>
<doc id="31137514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31137514" title="Live at Sweet Basil (disambiguation)">
Live at Sweet Basil (disambiguation)

Live at Sweet Basil is a 1989 album by McCoy Tyner.
Live at Sweet Basil may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31137522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31137522" title="Richard Cahill">
Richard Cahill

Richard Cahill was an English professional footballer. An outside right, he played in the Football League for just one club, Blackpool. He played 21 League games for the club during the 1911–12 campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="31137538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31137538" title="Burnelli CB-16">
Burnelli CB-16

The Burnelli CB-16, also known as the Uppercu-Burnelli CB-300, was a passenger aircraft designed by the American company Burnelli in 1928. It was the first twin-engined aircraft to have retractable landing gear and the first to maintain altitude on only one out of two engines. Only one was built.
Design and development.
The CB-16 was built for and financed by Paul W. Chapman, chairman of Sky Lines Inc. in 1928, following the success of the Burnelli RB-2.
The CB-16 was a twin-engined high wing monoplane, constructed of metal. The slightly tapered wing was braced from the lower fuselage by pairs of parallel struts. The fuselage was 36 ft (11 m) long and 12 ft (3.7 m wide) wide externally, with an airfoil cross section. As with the earlier RB-1 and RB-2, the twin engines were embedded within the leading edge of the fuselage though, unlike them, the rest of this surface was largely filled with radiators. To reduce yaw after an engine failure, the 500 hp (370 kW) water cooled Curtiss Conqueror inline engines were mounted with slight toe out. The internal dimensions of the cabin, which could seat 12-20 passengers, were 18 ft (5.49 m) by 11 ft 4 in (3.45 m) long, with a height of 5 ft 6 in (1.71 m). This provided both seating and lounge space. At the rear of the cabin there was a small kitchen and toilets. The pilots sat in open cockpits placed at the wing leading edge.
Earlier Burnelli lifting body designs had fuselages which were rectangular in plan, with the empennage directly attached, but the CB-16's fuselage tapered and the tail unit was mounted beyond the lifting body's trailing edge on a pair of thin panels extending from its sides. The alteration was motivated by the difficulties of pitch and yaw control encountered with the earlier arrangement. The panels swept upwards into a pair of fins and balanced rudders carrying a high set tailplane with three balanced elevators, the rudders working between them. The single wheels of the still novel retracting undercarriage were mounted on V-struts hinged at the lower, outer fuselage, retracting inwards.
The completed aircraft was shipped to Newark, New Jersey. In January 1929 Leigh Wade piloted the aircraft on a 40 minute test flight. Further tests were then conducted at Curtiss Field at Long Island and Bolling Field in Washington. In 1929, during a test, the CB-16 stalled and crashed at take off, though the two pilots survived.

</doc>
<doc id="31137561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31137561" title="Sverre Erik Jebens">
Sverre Erik Jebens

Sverre Erik Jebens (born 29 September 1949) is a Norwegian lawyer and the Judge of the European Court of Human Rights in respect of Norway, a position he has held since November 2004.
Career.
Jebens was born on 29 September 1949 in Bergen, the second largest city in Norway, and studied Law at the University of Oslo in the country's capital, graduating in 1977. He was then appointed Deputy Judge at the Inderøy branch of the District Court of Steinkjer, and in 1980 took up a post with Trondheim police as head of its Financial Crimes Section.
From 1983 to 1985, he was Legal Advisor within the Norwegian Ministry of Justice, and from 1987 to 1988 was Chief Legal Counsel at Trondheim County Borough Council, after which he was appointed judge at Frostating Court of Appeal in Trondheim. In November 2004, he took up office as Judge of the European Court of Human Rights in respect of Norway. He is resident in Strasbourg, where the Court is located.

</doc>
<doc id="31137564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31137564" title="Thermal rocket">
Thermal rocket

A thermal rocket is a rocket engine that uses a propellant that is externally heated before being passed through a nozzle, as opposed to undergoing a chemical reaction as in a chemical rocket. Thermal rockets can give high performance, depending on the fuel used and design specifications.
Nuclear thermal rocket.
In a nuclear thermal rocket a working fluid, usually liquid hydrogen, is heated to a high temperature in a nuclear reactor, and then expands through a rocket nozzle to create thrust. The nuclear reactor's energy replaces the chemical energy of the reactive chemicals in a chemical rocket engine. Due to the higher energy density of the nuclear fuel compared to chemical fuels, about 107 times, the resulting propellant efficiency (effective exhaust velocity) of the engine is at least twice as good as chemical engines. The overall gross lift-off mass of a nuclear rocket is about half that of a chemical rocket, and hence when used as an upper stage it roughly doubles or triples the payload carried to orbit.
A nuclear engine was considered for some time as a replacement for the J-2 used on the S-II and S-IVB stages on the Saturn V and Saturn I rockets. Originally "drop-in" replacements were considered for higher performance, but a larger replacement for the S-IVB stage was later studied for missions to Mars and other high-load profiles, known as the S-N. Nuclear thermal translunar or interplanetary space "shuttles" were planned as part of the Space Transportation System to take payloads from a propellant depot in low Earth orbit to the Moon and other planets. Robert Bussard proposed the Single-Stage-To-Orbit "Aspen" vehicle using a nuclear thermal rocket for propulsion and liquid hydrogen propellant for partial shielding against neutron back scattering in the lower atmosphere. The Soviets studied nuclear engines for their own moon rockets, notably upper stages of the N-1, although they never entered an extensive testing program like the one the U.S. conducted throughout the 1960s at the Nevada Test Site. Despite many successful firings, American nuclear rockets did not fly before the space race ended.
To date, no nuclear thermal rocket has flown, although the NERVA NRX/EST and NRX/XE were built and tested with flight design components. The highly successful U.S. Project Rover which ran from 1955 through 1972 accumulated over 17 hours of run time. The NERVA NRX/XE, judged by SNPO to be the last "technology development" reactor necessary before proceeding to flight prototypes, accumulated over 2 hours of run time, including 28 minutes at full power. The Russian nuclear thermal rocket RD-0410 was also claimed by the Soviets to have gone through a series of tests at the nuclear test site near Semipalatinsk.
The United States tested twenty different sizes and designs during Project Rover and NASA's NERVA program from 1959 through 1972 at the Nevada Test Site, designated Kiwi, Phoebus, NRX/EST, NRX/XE, Pewee, Pewee 2 and the Nuclear Furnace, with progressively higher power densities culminating in the Pewee (1970) and Pewee 2. Tests of the improved Pewee 2 design were cancelled in 1970 in favor of the lower-cost Nuclear Furnace (NF-1), and the U.S. nuclear rocket program officially ended in spring of 1973. Research into nuclear rockets has continued quietly since that time within NASA. Current (2010) 25,000 pound-thrust reference designs (NERVA-Derivative Rockets, or NDRs) are based on the Pewee, and have specific impulses of 925 seconds.
Solar thermal rocket.
Solar thermal propulsion is a form of spacecraft propulsion that makes use of solar power to directly heat reaction mass, and therefore does not require an electrical generator as most other forms of solar-powered propulsion do. A solar thermal rocket only has to carry the means of capturing solar energy, such as concentrators and mirrors. The heated propellant is fed through a conventional rocket nozzle to produce thrust. The engine thrust is directly related to the surface area of the solar collector and to the local intensity of the solar radiation.
In the shorter term, solar thermal propulsion has been proposed both for longer-life, lower-cost and more-flexible cryogenic upper stage launch vehicles and for on-orbit propellant depots. Solar thermal propulsion is also a good candidate for use in reusable inter-orbital tugs, as it is a high-efficiency low-thrust system that can be refueled with relative ease.
Laser thermal rocket.
A laser thermal rocket is both a type of beam-powered propulsion and a thermal rocket. The thermal energy source is a laser, which heats a working fluid in a heat exchanger. The working fluid is then expanded through a nozzle to produce thrust. A laser thermal rocket can have a thrust-to-weight ratio similar to chemical rockets, while achieving a specific impulse similar to nuclear thermal rockets. For ground-to-orbit launches, the laser source for such a rocket would be a permanent installation capable of high-frequency launches (several launches per hour, more than ten thousand per year), while the rockets could contain inert propellant.

</doc>
<doc id="31137566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31137566" title="Brothers Of Soul">
Brothers Of Soul

Brothers of Soul was a soul trio composed of Fred Bridges, Richard Knight, and Robert Eaton, who were also a songwriting team involved with around 50 singles. Based in Detroit in the 60's and 70's, they recorded a number of songs, mainly with producer Ric Williams for the Zodiac and Boo labels. Their biggest hit was "I Guess That Don't Make Me a Loser," which peaked at 32 on the R&B charts in May 1968.
History.
Bridges and Knight, who had met at the Dodge Assembly Plant, did some writing for La Beat Records, where they began working with Eaton. The first song the three are credited on together is James Shorter's "Modern Day Woman". They then got together to write a song named "Dream." While doing some freelance work for Drew Records, writing for The Precisions, they met Chicago based producer Williams, who became interested in showcasing them as a group. They chose to record under the name Brothers of Soul, a name inspired by the Detroit riots of '67. Under the coordination of Williams, they wrote for Zodiac, producing many Ruby Andrews hits. Their most successful period was from 1968-1969, with their last recordings in 1971. Sometime during this period, Ben Knights replaced Richard Knight, who was serving time in New York. They continued to work together, providing vocal accompaniment for a few years, eventually splitting apart. A hits compilation named "I Guess That Don't Make Me a Loser" was released on CD in 1995 by Collectables Records and digitally in 2008 by S.D.E.G. Records.

</doc>
<doc id="31137587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31137587" title="2011 Jeonnam Dragons season">
2011 Jeonnam Dragons season

The 2011 season was Chunnam Dragons's seventeenth season in the K-League in South Korea. Chunnam Dragons competed in K-League, League Cup and Korean FA Cup.
Squad statistics.
Appearances and goals.
Statistics accurate as of match played 30 October 2011

</doc>
<doc id="31137615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31137615" title="Andrea Elizabeth Michaels">
Andrea Elizabeth Michaels

Andrea Elizabeth Michaels (née Gerson; born December 14, 1943) is an American meeting and event producer, author and speaker. As founder of an international event production company, Extraordinary Events, Michaels and her company produce large corporate events. She is an original member of the special events industry Hall of Fame and the author of a business biography, and is featured in three anthologies.
Early life.
Andrea Michaels was born in the Arbe concentration camp (today Rab, Croatia, on the northern shore of the Adriatic Sea) to Lelja Kauders (b. Zagreb, Yugoslavia, August 25, 1923 – d. Los Angeles California, May 30, 2009). Michaels and her mother, along with her mother's Jewish parents, Paul (Palvo) Kauders and Elza Ackerman Kauders, escaped in a small boat across the Adriatic to Italy. Michaels lived in Italy to the age of four with her grandparents until her mother, who had married an American pilot, sent for her to come live in America. The marriage ended, and after Michaels arrived in America, her mother married Peter Gerson, who adopted Andrea and moved the family from Silverlake, California, to Hollywood. When Michaels was ten, the family moved to Burbank, California.
An only child Michaels graduated from Burbank High School in 1961. Michaels attended the University of California at Berkeley in 1961 and 1962, transferring to the University of California at Los Angeles (UCLA) before marrying Bob Spritz on February 1, 1964. The marriage lasted ten years, and they had a son, Jon (b. July 24, 1970). After her divorce from Spritz, she changed her last name as well as that of her son’s to “Michaels.” Michaels returned to UCLA in 1970 and earned a degree, with honors, in Psychology.
Early career.
Instead of pursuing a career in Psychology, Michaels began working with the Ron Rubin Orchestras in 1973. During that time, she became interested in the event planning business when there was no formalized industry. She produced her first event in 1978—-a bicentennial celebration for Marsh McClellan Insurance Company. By 1982, the company had been restructured and renamed Michaels, Rubin and Associates. Michaels and Rubin dissolved their relationship in December 1988, and on that same day, Extraordinary Events was launched. At that time, Michaels began to bring to the corporate world the spectaculars that had been produced on football fields, Disneyland and in entertainment venues by the late Tommy Walker and the late Robert (Bob) Jani.
Later career.
Extraordinary Events has specialized in planning and producing corporate events globally including Europe, Asia, Canada, Mexico, the Caribbean, Africa, Australia and New Zealand. In 2006, "Special Events" magazine listed Extraordinary Events as one of the “Top 50 Event Planning Companies.” The Los Angeles Business Journal named it Number 28 on its list of the "Fastest Growing Private Companies" in 2006, jumping from Number 80 in 2005 and then to Number 48 in 2005 and then to Number 48 in 2007.
Michaels and her company began to incorporate charitable activities into its events with the rebuilding of an elementary school in Leona Vicario, Mexico, with client CEMEX, a concrete manufacturer, in 2005. The "Los Angeles Business Journal" and "Financial and Insurance Meetings " magazine covered the event.
Michaels and Extraordinary Events have won the following awards:
In addition to her business biography, "Reflections of a Successful Wallflower—Lessons in Business; Lessons in Life", Michaels contributed and was featured in three business anthologies in 2010. They are: "Stepping Stones to Success", featuring Deepak Chopra, Jack Canfield, Andrea Michaels and Dr. Denis Waitley; "Yes You Can! Reaching Your Potential While Achieving Greatness", featuring Dr. Warren Bennis, Andrea Michaels and Jim Rohn and "Bushido Business —The Fine Art of the Modern Professional" with Tom Hopkins, Brian Tracy, Andrea Michaels and Stephen M. R. Covey.
Michaels has authored several magazine articles. Two of the most recent ones were published in "WE Magazine for Women" and are entitled "Growing a Business with Creative Thinking", Part 1 and Part 2. Michaels is a regular contributor to "Special Events" magazine writing about her experiences speaking internationally. Michaels was also highlighted in Anaheim University’s CEO Video Interview Series.
Michaels has been the subject of numerous newspaper and magazine articles. A few include "Smart Business," "Antelope Valley Proz," "Special Events" magazine, "Los Angeles Times," "MICE Exchange," "Southern California Meetings & Events," The "Los Angeles Business Journal," "Antelope Valley Proz," "Special Events" magazine, "Los Angeles Times," "MICE Exchange," "Southern California Meetings & Events," The "Los Angeles Business Journal," "ExhibitorOnline," "Event Solutions," "All Business/Successful Meetings," and "Meetings & Conventions."
In 2007, Michaels developed a mentor program to offer an in-the-field special event education and international exchange program to assist event newcomers. Michaels is currently a faculty member at California State University, Long Beach College of Continuing and Professional Education and teaches event management.

</doc>
<doc id="31137617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31137617" title="Gianpaolo Venuta">
Gianpaolo Venuta

Gianpaolo Venuta (also known as Gian Paolo Venuta or Gian-Paolo Venuta) is a Canadian actor.

</doc>
<doc id="31137641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31137641" title="Charles Gibbons (artist)">
Charles Gibbons (artist)

Charles Gibbons (born June 1, 1957) is an abstract artist.
Life.
Charles Gibbons was born in Montreal, Quebec and studied architecture, arts, and environmental psychology. He worked as an architect for several years, including apprenticing with Arthur Erickson Architects.
Initially he was influenced by the works of geometric abstractionists such as Sol LeWitt, Kenneth Noland, and Frank Stella. His first exhibition was in Calgary, Alberta featuring his geometric abstractions, while studying Environmental Psychology in the early 1980s. In the mid-1980s while working for Arthur Erickson he was influenced by abstract expressionists such as Mark Rothko, Barnett Newman, Jackson Pollock, and Sam Francis.
His current works are generally characterized as meaningful abstraction with bold contrasting colours. His works have been shown at the Toronto International Art Fair, Fort Myers Alliance for the Arts, Singapore International Contemporary Art Fair, and the Huitai National Art Center in China. He is represented in art collections in Canada, USA, Japan, China, and Singapore.
References.
Publications
Articles
Television

</doc>
<doc id="31137657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31137657" title="The Good Old Days (TV series)">
The Good Old Days (TV series)

The Good Old Days (再見艷陽天) was a television drama produced by Hong Kong broadcaster Asia Television in 1996.
Synopsis.
This drama series depicting how the three women (Sau Hau,Man Fung and Ding Man) in the story strive for their own way of living during China's most turbulent era.
Timeline.
The drama timeline took place around the days of the Nationalists' Republic of China,and also Warlord Era and World War II.The era itself was considered as the most turbulent period in China's modern history.
Cast.
Tse Family
Fong Family
Cheung Family
Other cast

</doc>
<doc id="31137658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31137658" title="The Bohemian Girl (1922 film)">
The Bohemian Girl (1922 film)

The Bohemian Girl is a 1922 British romance film directed by Harley Knoles and starring Gladys Cooper, Ivor Novello and C. Aubrey Smith. It was inspired by the opera "The Bohemian Girl" by Michael William Balfe and Alfred Bunn which was in turn based on a novel by Cervantes.

</doc>
<doc id="31137695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31137695" title="Messianic Myths and Ancient Peoples">
Messianic Myths and Ancient Peoples

"Messianic Myths and Ancient Peoples" is the fifth episode of the second season of the American comedy television series "Community", and the 30th episode of the series overall. It aired in the United States on NBC on October 21, 2010. The episode's plot surrounds a religious film created by Greendale Community College student Abed Nadir (Danny Pudi).
Plot.
The episode begins with Ian Duncan incompetently pretending to teach anthropology by showing viral videos from YouTube. The students suggest other videos to watch, until Shirley (Yvette Nicole Brown) brings the class down by asking what videos can be found by searching for "God". The results of the search are, not surprisingly, disrespectful, and she decides to ask Abed to make a viral video promoting a Christian message, but he's not interested. Meanwhile, Pierce (Chevy Chase) grows tired of being mocked by his younger friends, and starts hanging out with a bunch of elderly scofflaws called the "Hipsters", named for the fact that they've all had hip replacements.
Abed finds Shirley in the library, and tells her he's read the entire New Testament. Abed finds himself drawn to the story, but he wants to approach it in a new way -- a "Jesus movie for the post-post-modern world". Unfortunately for Shirley and Jesus, Abed's idea is an impenetrable story about a filmmaker exploring Jesus, a story that involves the filmmaker realizing that he is in some way Jesus. Abed's film is entitled "ABED". Shirley is not impressed, and she disassociates herself from the project.
The Hipsters are betting on poker while drinking liquor; Leonard advises Pierce to pretend that they're playing bingo if they're caught. Dean Pelton (Jim Rash) walks in and Pierce convinces him to leave them in peace by pretending to be befuddled due to age with another group member explaining that "poker helps remember". Pierce's ruse earns him the respect of his peers, presenting a contrast to how the study group views him. Shirley continues in her mission, convincing her fellows from the study group to participate in her video, but they are interrupted by Abed, who has convinced the student body that they are part of something important. Out on the lawn the students are all gathered around Abed as he continues filming his epic.
Shirley overhears other Greendale students discussing the film -- speculating that some theaters are going to show the film in reverse, and that the film consists of the "deleted scenes" while the deleted scenes constitute the actual film. The students rush to join when they discover that Abed is answering questions about the film in the cafeteria. When Shirley protests, the other students accuse her of being a Pharisee, and she runs off.
Troy alerts the rest of the study group to Pierce's late-night shenanigans with the Hipsters. Pierce and Leonard are drinking out of paper bags when Dean Pelton emerges from his Prius with Shirley -- leaving his keys behind. Pierce is talked into a drunken joyride in the dean's car with the other Hipsters. Shirley and the dean unveil an official complaint stopping production of the film on the grounds of separation of church and state. The Hipsters crash at extremely low speed into a light pole due to one of their members' sudden genuine confusion. Pierce stays with his fellow, as the other Hipsters run off.
Abed realizes in post-production that his film is a "self-indulgent, adolescent mess" which will ensure that he never has a real career. He prays to God to save him from himself, and Shirley overhears. She destroys the equipment with a baseball bat, ensuring that Abed's film will never be seen.
Jeff, after being called by the hospital, comes to collect Pierce. He asks the hospital staff to treat Britta (Gillian Jacobs) as Pierce's primary contact, however, and asks that they call her every week at night. In anthropology class again, Abed convinces the professor to show the film Shirley had imagined, which he had unbeknownst to her completed -- a video of Troy rapping about the Gospels.
Cultural references.
Director and screenwriter Charlie Kaufman is mentioned more than once in the episode. The dialogue between Abed and Shirley about film within a film resembles Kaufman's film, Synecdoche, New York.
Reception.
Around 4.46 million Americans watched "Messianic Myths and Ancient Peoples".
Todd VanDerWerff of "The A.V. Club" rated the episode A, citing the fact that the show's structure creates believable opportunities for people with different beliefs to interact and engage with one another. He also focuses approvingly on the fact that Shirley and Pierce, unlikely comedic heroes, are given the reins in this particular episode.

</doc>
<doc id="31137720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31137720" title="Harley Knoles">
Harley Knoles

Harry Knoles (1880-1936) was a British film director of the silent era.

</doc>
<doc id="31137732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31137732" title="Thoroughbred (disambiguation)">
Thoroughbred (disambiguation)

The Thoroughbred is a horse breed best known for its use in horse racing.
Thoroughbred may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31137740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31137740" title="Kennesaw State Owls men's basketball">
Kennesaw State Owls men's basketball

The Kennesaw State Owls men's basketball team represents Kennesaw State University in Kennesaw, Georgia, United States. The school's team currently competes in the Atlantic Sun Conference. They are currently led by head coach Jimmy Lallathin and play their home games at the KSU Convocation Center. During their time as a member of NCAA Division II, they were national champions in 2004. 
Postseason.
NCAA Division II Tournament results.
The Owls have appeared in three NCAA Division II Tournaments. Their record is 7–2. They were national champions in 2004.
NAIA Division I Tournament results.
The Owls have appeared in One NAIA Division I Tournament. Their combined record is 0–1.

</doc>
<doc id="31137773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31137773" title="Como, Illinois">
Como, Illinois

Como is a census-designated place in Whiteside County, Illinois, United States. Its population was 567 as of the 2010 census.

</doc>
<doc id="31137775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31137775" title="Jude Célestin">
Jude Célestin

Jude Célestin (born on June 19, 1962 in Port-au-Prince) is a Haitian politician who was a candidate in the 2010 presidential election. After an education in Port-au-Prince, Célestin studied mechanical engineering in Switzerland. Before he was nominated as the presidential candidate for President René Préval's Unity (INITE) party, he was the executive director of the government's construction ministry, the National Center of Equipment.
2010 Elections.
Célestin entered the race as a political unknown and was considered by the Haitian public as the protégé of unpopular President Préval. Préval's administration reportedly spent $5 million on Célestin's campaign. The first round of voting took place on November 28, and preliminary results showed law professor and former first lady Mirlande Manigat in first place, with 31.4 percent of the vote. Célestin placed next, with 22.5 percent, and pop singer Michel Martelly took third place with 21.8 percent of the vote. Widespread riots and reports of election fraud followed the announcement of these results. In December, Martelly supporters set fire to the INITE headquarters, located in the Port-au-Prince suburb of Pétionville. On February 3, INITE dropped Célestin from the elections. On 4 April 2011, a senior official announced that Michel Martelly won the presidential run-off election against candidate Mirlande Manigat.

</doc>
<doc id="31137778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31137778" title="The White Sheik (1928 film)">
The White Sheik (1928 film)

The White Sheik is a 1928 British silent adventure film directed by Harley Knoles and starring Lillian Hall-Davis, Jameson Thomas and Warwick Ward. It was based on the novel "King's Mate" by Rosita Forbes.
Release.
For its December 1929 New York City premiere at the Little Carnegie Playhouse it was accompanied by the Hal Roach Studios comedy "Feed ’em and Weep" and the Universum Film AG documentary short "Strange Prayers".
Reception.
Mordaunt Hall called the film "amateurish" and "boring", with characters he thought "as silly a lot as have ever darted to and fro on the screen."

</doc>
<doc id="31137779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31137779" title="Art of the Duo">
Art of the Duo

Art of the Duo is an album by jazz pianist Mal Waldron and saxophonist Jim Pepper recorded in 1988 and released on the German Tutu label.

</doc>
<doc id="31137789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31137789" title="Alison Louder">
Alison Louder

Alison Louder is a Canadian actress. She is best known for her recurring role as Emily Levison on Syfy's "Being Human".

</doc>
<doc id="31137806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31137806" title="Harold Baxter Kittermaster">
Harold Baxter Kittermaster

Sir Harold Baxter Kittermaster KCMG, KBE (14 May 1879 - 20 March 1939) was governor of British Somaliland (now Somalia), British Honduras (now Belize), and then of the Nyasaland protectorate (now Malawi) in the period before the Second World War.
Early years.
Harold Baxter Kittermaster was born on 14 May 1879, son of the Reverend FW Kittermaster of Coventry, England and was educated at Shrewsbury and at Christ Church, Oxford.
He married Winifred Elsie, born on 25 April 1899 in Coventry, daughter of Richard Alexandra Rotherham.
At a height of six feet, eight and a half inches (two meters) he was reckoned to be one of the tallest men in the British Colonial Service.
Kenya.
Kittermaster was a colonial official in British East Africa, now Kenya, before World War I, and assisted Theodore Roosevelt on his 1909 safari.
Kittermaster was the officer-in-charge of the Northern Frontier District during the Aulihan Somali uprising, which started with a major cattle raid on the Samburu in December 1915 and was followed by the sack of the British post at Sarinley in Jubaland. The British had limited forces in the area and were distracted by military operations in German East Africa. Kittermaster was unable to persuade the authorities to undertake serious reprisals until September 1917.
After ruthless military action and many deaths the Aulihan were forced to capitulate and pay compensation in cattle. Kittermaster said: "no further trouble need be feared from the Aulihan for some time to come".
Kittermaster established the administrative boundary later called the Kittermaster Line separating the Samburu grazing lands of the Leroghi plateau from the larger Laikipia plateau, which had been reserved for white settlers.
He was appointed the first acting district commissioner in the Turkana District in the northwest of what is now Kenya.
British Somaliland.
Kittermaster was Governor of British Somaliland from 1925 to 1931.
He was handicapped by strict limits of expenditure by the Treasury, usually limited to ₤200,000 annually. As far as possible, he made sure this money was used productively, setting up an agricultural department and distributing groundnuts and cowpeas to prospective growers.
In 1927 he decided that the livestock industry was crucial to the economy, and introduced measures that included launching a compulsory inoculation program, building stock dips and organizing the market for animal products.
He also obtained funding for well-boring from the Colonial Office.
British Honduras.
Kittermaster took office as Governor of the British Honduras on 9 March 1932.
Although there were labor grievances against the British administration during Kittermaster's tenure, he undertook few reforms since the situation did not appear to be deteriorating.
The colony was poor, but Kittermaster refused to believe that some people were close to starvation.
He did nothing to introduce a minimum wage or to reform laws that prevented the formation of unions and imposed a land tax paid mostly by smallholders.
A report on education in the British West Indies during this period concluded that primary education was the least progressive of any part of the empire, and the school buildings were in very poor condition.
Kittermaster said it was unfortunate that the report did not cover the British Honduras, but noted that it "has not been found practical to take any action with a view to improving the present situation due to the impossibility of providing increased appropriations for education".
He did however recommend "missions to establish schools wherever there is a minimum of children", perhaps with a view to shifting responsibility for funding to the church.
In 1932 he commented on secondary schooling that "the high rate of fees is far beyond the means of an ordinary parent of a primary school pupil".
Nyasaland.
Kittermaster was 55 years old when appointed Governor of Nyasaland in 1934. He sponsored limited development of the Native Authority system and enacted rules to regulate emigrant labor.
Otherwise, he did not introduce any major innovations. He said "So far as my own policy is concerned I may say it has been to carry on the policies of my predeccessors, ... and it seemed to me that the last thing the Protectorate would require was another new broom".
At the time of his appointment, Native Associations of educated Africans were attempting to become recognized by the colonial administration as alternative representatives of the people to the Native Authorities, which were headed by conservative chiefs and headmen. Kittermaster did not entirely reject this concept. After some debate, the Native Associations were allowed to send their views to the Secretariat, which would acknowledge their receipt, but any action would still be taken through the Native Authorities.
Kittermaster met with Levi Z. Mumba, the leader of the Native Association movement, on 12 May 1935. He took a conciliatory approach and encouraged the Associations to continue their activity on useful lines.
Kittermaster inherited the controversial issue of land rights. Landlords who had acquired title to estates were entitled by statute to evict 10% of resident Africans every five years. The government had to find land of equal value nearby. The subject was complicated by non-disturbance clauses for the original occupants of the land, who could remain without paying rent. Although the question was not urgent due to a shortage of labor, Young had proposed various changes to clarify the laws, which Kittermaster supported, essentially leading towards the acquisition of land from private estates for permanent settlement of Africans. However, the Secretary of State directed that no changes to the laws be made.
The colonial government decided in 1934 to encourage the Nyanja language as the lingua franca in Nyasaland, since it was the most widely spoken.
Kittermaster ordered immediate implementation of this policy.
The missions opposed the decision, as did ethnic groups such as the Yao people and the Tumbuka speakers led by Levi Mumba.
After the London Missionary Society appealed to London, Kittermaster was told to suspend the decision and hold a conference to resolve the issue. In the end the decision was to encourage use of Nyanja but allow free use of other languages.
Kittermaster's administration had little positive impact. While he was in office, annual internal revenue declined from ₤511,000 to ₤506,000.
The civil service remained static, growing from 3,437 to 3,534 officers.
Early in 1939, Kittermaster was taken ill and was diagnosed to be suffering from appendicitis. His condition became serious and the doctors were unable to save him. He died on 20 March 1939.
His wife, Winifred Elsie, lived to advanced old age, dying in 1993.
References.
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="31137812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31137812" title="Mexopolis">
Mexopolis

Mexopolis (also known as Mexopolis Animation Studio) is an American production company founded in 1999 by Jorge R. Gutierrez and Sandra Equihua. It produced the television series "" and all of Jorge R. Gutierrez's short films. The company is located in Burbank, California.

</doc>
<doc id="31137832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31137832" title="Clifford McLaglen">
Clifford McLaglen

Clifford McLaglen (15 June 1892 – 9 September 1978 Huddersfield Yorkshire) was a Stepney, London-born British film actor. He was the brother of several actors including Victor McLaglen, Oscar winner for best actor, "The Informer" (director John Ford), and nominated for best supporting actor "The Quiet Man".
The other brothers were Leopold McLaglen, wrestler and inventor of a form of Jiu Jitsu which he taught to the armed forces and police in the old Empire and America; Lewis McLaglen actor and solder; Cyril McLaglen actor and horseman; Arthur Actor and unarmed combat professional, and sculptor; Kenneth McLaglen Actor and mineralogist; sister Lily Marian McLaglen (Mrs Lance Tweedy) actress Singer and pianist).
Clifford McLaglen was born Clifford Henrich McLaglen from Scottish Irish and Dutch ancestry. He, like all his brothers except the youngest two, Cyril and Kenneth, served in the First World War. He also served in the Second World War going out to Iceland to help guard Sir Winston Churchill for which he obtained a bulldog and polar bear badge. He also was part of a film unit at that time in the Army. His father was born in Cape Town and came to London to study as Clerk in Orders, eventually becoming Titular Bishop of Claremont in Cape Town but foregoing this to help with the work he dedicated to the helping of poverty stricken children in London and beggars. Lily often helped with this. Clifford worked in a tin mine in Cornwall before joining up in 1914. Later he worked for Sangers Circus riding horses and doing rope tricks and worked in vaudeville with his various brothers.
He starred in many silent films in Britain, in "Boadicea" (where he rode Roman style learnt in the army and Circus); France and Germany, making the reputedly first German Talkie with Conrad Veidt, "Bride 68" or "Das Land Ohne Frauen" set in Australia with camels and the desert but all filed in a Berlin studio with a tank of water spilling from overhead and an aeroplane propeller. Clifford also filmed in Majorca,in "Die Schmugglerbraut von Sorrento" ( various versions changed Majorca to Sorrento), bringing over horses with him, which he said were sea sick. The film was made in Majorca but meant to be Sorrento. Cavalcanti made two prize winning films in France with Clifford McLaglen: "Yvette" and "Rien Que Les Heures". He made a few talkies and was on the stage in America, on Broadway with Frederick Marche's wife Florence Edridge. He was going to make a film called "Ropes of Sand" but nothing came of it.

</doc>
<doc id="31137877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31137877" title="Boadicea (1928 film)">
Boadicea (1928 film)

Boadicea is a 1927 British historical film directed by Sinclair Hill and starring Phyllis Neilson-Terry, Lillian Hall-Davis and Clifford McLaglen. It depicts the life of the Celtic Queen Boudicea and her rebellion against the Roman Empire.

</doc>
<doc id="31137916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31137916" title="Mount Langya">
Mount Langya

Mount Langya () is a mountain located south west of Chuzhou City, Anhui Province, People's Republic of China. A National Forest Park, National Scenic Area and 4A Tourism Attraction, the mountain is one of Anhui's five biggest scenic attractions. Along with mountain scenery, rivers and forest, the area also contains the Zuiweng Pavilion, named after the Northern Song Dynasty poet Ouyang Xiu (1007–1072 CE)).
History.
During the early Eastern Jin Dynasty (317–420 CE), Emperor Yuan of Jin, gave the area to King Langya (琅琊王), from which it takes it name. 
Attractions.
The primary attractions in the area are:

</doc>
<doc id="31137919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31137919" title="Lipscomb Bisons men's basketball">
Lipscomb Bisons men's basketball

The Lipscomb Bisons men's basketball team is the men's basketball team that represents Lipscomb University in Nashville, Tennessee, United States. The school's team currently competes in the Atlantic Sun Conference. They are coached by Casey Alexander.
History.
Lipscomb has a 176–179 all-time record in NCAA basketball and a 96–76 record in Atlantic Sun games. Lipscomb has never won the Atlantic Sun Men's Basketball Tournament but has won the regular-season conference title twice, in 2006 and 2010. The Bisons have never made the NCAA Tournament but have competed in the NIT once, in 2006. Lipscomb is also home to the top two all time leading college basketball scoreres, John Pierce and Philip Hutcheson. Lipscomb also won the NAIA National championship in 1986.
Battle of the Boulevard.
Lipscomb maintains a rivalry with nearby Belmont University, and the two men's basketball teams compete annually in a game known as the Battle of the Boulevard. The game is named for Belmont Boulevard, which both schools are located on; the separating the schools makes them among the closest rivals in NCAA Division I men's basketball. The rivalry began in 1953, when both schools played in the NAIA, and continued into the NCAA when both schools transitioned to Division I in the 1990s. Lipscomb leads the all-time series 73–61, while Belmont leads 14–9 in NCAA play.
One unique feature of the rivalry is that the teams play two games each season on a home-and-away basis, even though they have not been in the same conference since Belmont left the Atlantic Sun for the Ohio Valley Conference in 2012. The only other non-conference rivalry in Division I that is played twice each season is New Mexico–New Mexico State.
Postseason.
NAIA tournament results.
The Bison have appeared in the NAIA Tourament 14 times. Their combined record is 21–13. They were NAIA National Champions in 1986. 
NIT results.
The Bisons have appeared in one National Invitation Tournament (NIT). Their record is 0–1. 

</doc>
<doc id="31137985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31137985" title="Ordre du Mérite Indochinois">
Ordre du Mérite Indochinois

The Ordre du Mérite indochinois (Indochinese Order of Merit) was a regional award of France awarded by the Governor-General of Indochina for the local population of French Indochina.
History.
Established April 30, 1900 by Governor-General of French Indochina Paul Doumer the order was to reward the local population of Indo-China for services to agriculture, commerce, industry and art. This award had no status as an official French colonial award but was a local only award for the population of Laos, Cambodia, Tonkin, Cochin China, and Annam. Governed by an Order Council, it was divided into three classes with limit on the number of members for each class. The 3rd class, was limited to 500 members. The 2nd Class, was limited to 100 members. The 1st class, was limited to 15 members.
Description.
The badge of the order is a ball tipped six-pointed star with concave sides. In the center of the star is a round rimmed medallion. In the center of the medallion is the inscription in Annamese ideographic writing "It is worthy to develop knowledge". On the rim is the inscription INDOCHINE FRANCAISE (French Indochina). Attached to the ball of the top most arm of the star are two laurel branches, which act as a ring to attach the star to its ribbon. The ribbon of the order is yellow Moire silk. The Order was presented in the 1st degree in gold, 2nd degree silver, and third degree bronze.

</doc>
<doc id="31138005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138005" title="The Rising Generation">
The Rising Generation

The Rising Generation is a 1928 British silent comedy film directed by Harley Knoles and George Dewhurst and starring Alice Joyce, Jameson Thomas and Robin Irvine. It was based on a play by Laura Leycester. A couple masquerade as servants.

</doc>
<doc id="31138042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138042" title="Zuiweng Pavilion">
Zuiweng Pavilion

The Zuiweng Pavilion (, is a pavilion lying to the south east of Chuzhou City, Anhui Province, People's Republic of China. Located in the Mount Langya Scenic Area (琅琊山风景名胜区), the structure is also known as the "Number one pavilion under heaven" (天下第一亭). It was originally constructed in 1046 CE during the Northern Song Dynasty whilst the structure that exists today dates to the Qing Dynasty (1644–1911). The pavilion takes its name from the Northern Song poet Ouyang Xiu, who called himself the "Old Toper" and wrote a poem entitled "Zuiweng Tingji" or "An Account of the Old Toper's Pavilion".

</doc>
<doc id="31138043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138043" title="The Prisoner of Corbal">
The Prisoner of Corbal

The Prisoner of Corbal is a 1936 British historical drama film directed by Karl Grune and starring Nils Asther, Hugh Sinclair and Hazel Terry. It is also known by the alternative title The Marriage of Corbal. It is set against the backdrop of the French Revolution.

</doc>
<doc id="31138059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138059" title="Robert &quot;Bobby&quot; Grace">
Robert &quot;Bobby&quot; Grace

Robert “Bobby” Grace (born September 29, 1960) is an American attorney. He is currently a Deputy District Attorney for the County of Los Angeles, working in the Major Crimes Unit. Bobby has successfully prosecuted over 60 homicide cases, including some of Los Angeles’s most heinous and famous, including Chester Turner and the Black Widow Killers.
Early life and education.
An only child, Robert “Bobby” Grace, was raised about 45 miles east of Los Angeles in San Bernardino, California where he attended Catholic grammar school. His father, who was a major influence on Bobby, was a veteran of World War II, Korea, and Vietnam, as an Air Force hospital administrator. Bobby developed a love of sports at an early age and was a star tailback for San Bernardino High School.
While majoring in Political Science at the University of California, Los Angeles, Bobby ran track and served as both Vice-President and President of the Undergraduate Associated Student Council (“USAC”). As USAC President, Bobby administered a budget of over $1 million and appointed over seventy students to different governing boards and committees. While at UCLA, Bobby was also Chapter President of his fraternity, Alpha Phi Alpha 
Bobby obtained his law degree from Loyola Law School, in Los Angeles. In 1988, he joined the Los Angeles County District Attorney’s Office where he now works in the Major Crimes Unit.
Notable successes.
As a Deputy District Attorney, Bobby has amassed a stellar record trying over 60 homicide cases, prosecuting a wide range of criminals, from Chester Turner, Los Angeles’s most notorious serial killer, to Calvin Broadus (aka “Snoop Dogg”). The following are just a few of the many successes Bobby has achieved in his career as a prosecutor:
• People v. David Mahler (2008): Bobby successfully prosecuted New York lawyer, David Mahler, who shot his girlfriend, Krissy Baldwin, to death, then dumped her body in the desert near Barstow, California. Bobby had to present secondary DNA evidence to connect Mahler to the crime because of the severely decomposed state in which Baldwin’s body was discovered. 
• People v. Helen Golay & Olga Rutterschmidt (2008): Bobby helped prosecute the “Black Widow Killers,” for the murders of two homeless men. The women took out life insurance policies worth millions of dollars on both men, and then killed them to collect the premiums. Bobby has been featured on several true crime television programs detailing this case. 
• People v. Chester Turner (2007): Bobby prosecuted serial killer Chester Turner for the murder of eleven women in south Los Angeles during the 1980s and early 1990s. Turner holds the dubious record of being the most prolific serial killer in Los Angeles’ history. Turner was ultimately sentenced to death for his crimes. 
• People v. Wayne Taylor (2007): Bobby convicted Wayne Taylor. Taylor murdered his father in Baldwin Hills, cut off his father’s extremities and attempted to burn the body parts. Bobby was able to present intricate DNA evidence that tied Taylor to his father’s murder. 
• In 2002, The Association of Deputy District Attorneys (“ADDA”) awarded Bobby their “Pursuit of Justice Award” for obtaining murder convictions in the case of People v. Henry Hayes, a Los Angeles minister who murdered his wife and daughter in cold blood.
• In 1999, Bobby received the “Outstanding Community Service Award” for securing murder convictions against three Los Angeles gang members for the slaying of a high-school student, Corrie Williams, who was killed while riding a MTA bus home from school.
• People v. Calvin Broadus (1996): As part of the Hardcore Gang Division, Bobby worked to prosecute Calvin Broadus (aka “Snoop Dogg”). Bobby tried Broadus and his bodyguard for murder and remained steadfast despite being the target of death threats. Bobby was featured in the Wall Street Journal for the “Trying Times” he endured prosecuting that case.
Community involvement.
Bobby was elected to two terms on the Los Angeles County Democratic Party Steering Committee for the 47th Assembly District and was Precinct Captain for Tom Bradley’s gubernatorial campaign. 
Bobby is currently Vice President of Education and Training for Black Prosecutors of Los Angeles. He is a frequent lecturer to law enforcement and community groups on both gang and domestic violence prosecutions. He has taught trial advocacy at both Loyola and Southwestern Law Schools. Bobby recently lectured at-risk elementary school students about the dangers of drugs and gangs at Cleveland Elementary School and is a coach for Marshall High School’s Constitutional Rights Foundation.
Bobby serves on the Board of Directors of the UCLA Black Alumni Association. In four years, he has helped to raise over $1 million in academic scholarships for UCLA students. 
Additionally, Bobby has served on the Board of Directors of Women & Youth Supporting Each Other (“WYSE”), a non-profit organization that provides college mentors to underprivileged middle school girls across the nation. 
Bobby’s commitment to service through leadership reaches beyond the courtroom:
- Secretary, Board of Directors of the Association of Deputy District Attorneys (“ADDA”), union and sole bargaining unit for the nearly one thousand Deputy District Attorneys who work for Los Angeles County. 
- Volunteer, “Backpacks for the Homeless,” for the past two years, Bobby opened his home to organizers and volunteers, helping to assemble and distribute over 1,000 backpacks to the disadvantaged on Skid Row.
- President, Board of Directors of the UCLA Black Alumni Association (1995–2000)
- Chair, Board of Directors UCLA Alumni Association (1999 to 2002)
- Lifetime Member, UCLA Alumni Association
- Member, Los Angeles County Bar Association
- Member, Langston Bar Association

</doc>
<doc id="31138105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138105" title="Symphony in Two Flats">
Symphony in Two Flats

Symphony in Two Flats is a 1930 British drama film directed by Gareth Gundrey and starring Ivor Novello, Benita Hume, Jacqueline Logan and Cyril Ritchard. It was an adaptation of a play written by Novello. Separate versions were made for the United Kingdom and United States releases, with Jacq

</doc>
<doc id="31138119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138119" title="Canvass for a Cause">
Canvass for a Cause

Canvass for a Cause (CFAC) is a California-based non-profit organization that focuses its efforts on building support for the progressive movement, with an emphasis on LGBT Rights. The organization was founded in the wake of Proposition 8, the California law that eliminated the right of LGBT persons to marry, and is the largest gay rights field program in San Diego.
CFAC is modeled on the idea of “one heart, one mind, one person at a time,” with most of its efforts devoted to face-to-face conversation in public spaces. Activists and volunteers educate voters, identify supporters, and recruit volunteers, as per the CFAC mission statement: "to turn nonsupporters or undecided voters into supportive voters." The organization is funded almost entirely by face-to-face fund-raising efforts of its grassroots organizers. Its campaigns and community work have been built on a variety of progressive concerns, including LGBT marriage equality, youth bullying, women's rights, immigration, human trafficking, patient's rights & cannabis law reform, and international disaster relief efforts.
Background.
Canvass for a Cause was founded in 2009, by a group of activists specializing in political organizing who were seeking grassroots tools to help fight back on progressive issues.
According to their founding Executive Director Tres Watson: “Canvass For A Cause was founded by a group of pissed-off activists who wanted to make a difference. One week after Prop. 8 passed, 25,000 people were willing to march down the streets of San Diego to demand their rights back, yet only a fraction of that were willing to spend the time actually volunteering for the campaign. We were committed to changing that … starting off as a bootstrap organization who two full time volunteers working out of an old, moldy building that was donated space. We had $20 on a card, and the passion to make a difference.”
Originally focused exclusively on marriage equality, Canvass for a Cause has expanded to work on the fight against Don't Ask Don't Tell, No on Question 1 in Maine, cannabis law reform, as well as partnering with the American Red Cross to help with disaster relief in Haiti. Canvass for a Cause has grown from two organizers in San Diego, to over forty activists working from San Diego to projects across the country.
Organization.
Structure.
Canvass for a Cause consists of two separate non-profit organizations and a political action committee: the Canvass for a Cause Institute, a 501(c)(3) organization that focuses on public education projects, PSAs, and social advocacy work; Canvass for a Cause, a 501(c)(4) organization that focuses on grassroots voter persuasion and education efforts to build public support for important human rights issues; and the Canvass for a Cause PAC, which works directly on progressive legislation and campaigns to mobilize voters to voice support or opposition to various progressive issues.
Leadership.
Canvass for a Cause is run by its team of leadership staff, along with a support team of more than 40 organizers working out of their San Diego office. Their work is supported by three boards: the Canvass for a Cause Institute board, which manages the institute’s finances and establishes official policies governing the foundation; the Canvass for a Cause board, which manages the organization’s 501c(4); and the Canvass for a Cause PAC board which governs and operates the lobbying wing of the organization.
Funding.
Canvass for a Cause is entirely individual donor funded, with their average donor giving $30. Some of these donors are part of a monthly giving program and are called Love Warriors. These donors are contacted through the face-to-face fundraising efforts of its team of grassroots organizers (canvassers). Using techniques pioneered by organizations such as Green Peace in the 1960s, Canvass for a Cause solicits direct public support for their organization while simultaneously educating the public, recruiting volunteers, and building support for various progressive causes.
Campaigns.
LGBT Marriage Equality.
The largest and most active campaign within Canvass for a Cause is advocacy work for LGBT marriage equality. Canvass for a Cause has two ongoing projects, Knock for Equality and the Canvassing Project, which both include voter persuasion, supporter identification, and volunteer recruitment. According to statistics on their website, in 2010 Canvass for a Cause staff and volunteers have identified 12,500 voters in support of the issue, and persuaded 2249 voters to support the cause, and vote for marriage equality.
Canvass Project.
The bulk of CFAC's efforts are devoted to face-to-face education, fundraising, persuasion, and recruitment. Volunteers and staff focus on busy, publicly accessible areas such as malls, shopping centers, colleges, events, and busy streets. Each staff member or volunteer typically engages at least 20 voter contacts, identifies 15 supporters, and recruits 3 volunteers per day. To date Canvass for a Cause has engaged in 209,618 face to face voter contacts, logged over 14,817 field hours on the issue of gay marriage.
Knock for Equality.
Canvass for a Cause sponsors a monthly, door to door effort called Knock for Equality, to persuade voters to support the issue of LGBT marriage equality, as well as collect data about why some voters don’t support the cause. CFAC volunteers are given strategically targeted voter lists generated from public voter files, so that they can speak specifically with people in non-supportive areas. Non-supportive voters are then asked a series of questions to identify their core issue, which is usually children, religion, or the word marriage. That information is recorded on a 1 - 5 scale of support to non-support. The campaign estimates an average of 22% persuasion rate, meaning nearly one out of every four people who do not support marriage equality become a supporter by the end of the conversation. CFAC's most successful persuasion effort to date was in November 2010, where they targeted Republican-registered women over the age of 45 in Coronado Island and achieved a 27% persuasion rate.
Maryland Marriage Equality Bill.
On March 2011, a marriage equality bill passed the committee of the Maryland legislature, headed for a floor vote. At the request of the campaign on the ground in Maryland, Canvass for a Cause sent a team of their most trained, seasoned activists to help with the grassroots effort already underway. The team of activists worked is on the ground in Baltimore, as well as in Prince George, asking voters to take a moment out of their days to call their legislator voicing support for this bill. The CFAC team was able to persuade 386 voters to phone their legislature, causing one non-supportive legislator to remark that, " all of a sudden I have been receiving 10-1 calls in support of this bill... I might have to rethink my vote."
Target Lawsuit.
In 2011, Canvass for a Cause voter outreach efforts resulted in the organization being sued by targeted by Target Corp., who wanted to bar CFAC from talking about gay marriage in the publicly accessible areas in front of their stores. The lawsuit came after highly publicized negotiations between Lady Gaga, Target, and the gay community, where Target stores were seeking to sell her albums. In the wake of the Target v CFAC lawsuit, Lady Gaga made the decision to cancel her contract with Target.
Cannabis Law Reform.
Canvass for a Cause's sister organization, Canvass for a Cause PAC, has been active in the fight to end cannabis prohibition and protects patients in California. CFAC has sponsored or partnered with a variety of organizations and inititaives, such as Americans for Safe Access, to bring its grassroots organizing model to aid in the fight for Cannabis Law Reform, including the Stop the Ban campaign and Yes on Proposition 19.
Stop the Ban Campaign.
In March 2011, the San Diego City Council were set to vote on an ordinance which, if passed, would result in a defacto ban on medical cannabis in the entire city. In response Canvass for a Cause partnered with the San Diego Chapter of Americans for Safe Access, the nation’s largest medical cannabis advocacy group to launch the “Stop the Ban” campaign Aimed at protecting medical cannabis patients and preserving safe access to medical cannabis in the city of San Diego.
Background.
In January 2011, the San Diego Planning Commission – over testimony of opposition from dozens of attorneys, former law enforcement, land use experts, directors of non-profits, patients, and concerned citizens who argued the ordinance was too restrictive – recommended the ordinance be made even more restrictive before being voted on by city council. In response, Canvass for a Cause partnered with the San Diego Chapter of Americans for Safe Access, the nation’s largest medical cannabis advocacy group to launch the “Stop the Ban” campaign aimed at protecting medical cannabis patients and preserving safe access to medical cannabis in the city of San Diego by connecting the city council to the widespread public support that medical cannabis enjoys in San Diego.
Campaign to amend and approve.
Canvass for a Cause and ASA organizers built a large coalition of endorsing organizations, educated the public about the upcoming ordinance, undertook a focused media campaign, and mobilized a massive grassroots letter writing effort urging the city council to amend the proposed ordinance using Canvass for a Cause’s proven grassroots organizing models in conjunction with an organized patient outreach and a traditional volunteer based campaign.
Coalition Partners.
The Stop the Ban campaign united LGBT groups, medical cannabis patient advocates, physician groups, drug policy groups, veteran groups, student groups, renters advocates, business groups, and others behind the effort to protect medical cannabis patients in San Diego in what was the largest effort on behalf of medical cannabis in San Diego’s history.
Proposition 19.
In 2010 Canvass for a Cause announced they will be collaborating with groups seeking to decriminalize Cannabis in California, an initiative scheduled to go before voters in November 2010. During the 2010 election, Canvass for a Cause worked closely with the Proposition 19 campaign in an effort to legalize cannabis in the State of California. In preparation for the upcoming election, Canvass for a Cause sent college campus organizers to colleges all over Southern California to help drive the youth vote to supplement the progressive vote. 
The campaign estimates that Canvass for a Cause and their voter mobilization efforts were responsible for producing 50,000 unlikely voters, resulting in the San Diego vote on this issue garnering 47.5% support an entire percentage point higher than the overall state at 46%.
International Relief.
After the 2010 earthquake in Haiti, Canvass for a Cause partnered with the American Red Cross in their efforts to respond to the disaster, spearheading a coalition of LGBT groups that worked to fund raise money for the disaster survivors. The unprecedented coalition effort, named Gay Groups Give Back, was unusual in that it was endorsed by nearly every LGBT group working in San Diego, including Canvass for a Cause, Equality California, Courage Campaign, Empowering Spirits Foundation, San Diego Equality Campaign, as well as Marriage Equality USA. The coalition recruited and trained volunteers, teaching them how to canvass their community in public spaces for funding on behalf of the Red Cross.
Prisoners' Rights.
California's Pelican Bay State Prison, located near Crescent City in the northern part of our state, has been the site of hunger strikes and prisoner protests due to less than humane treatment of the incarcerated population, most recently the 2013 California prisoner hunger strike. Amber, a San Diegan whose loved one has been a prisoner at Pelican Bay for 11 years and has been the subject of less than humane treatment, came to us for help regarding how to get attention for this widely unknown issue. 
Amber's brother has been in Pelican Bay for 11 years, the most recent 10 spent in the "SHU," a portion of the prison allocated for "the worst of the worst." Prisoners are placed in the SHU based on an arbitrary, unchallenged points system decided by the guards. California tax payers spend double for each prisoner housed in the SHU. SHU prisoners are kept in windowless, 6x10ft cells, 23 1/2 hours a day, for years at a time. Prisoners are deprived of sunlight and human interaction, where some prisoners go insane instead of becoming rehabilitated and ready to re-enter society. 
Upon receiving a letter from her brother in July outlining the prisoners' demands and the up-and-coming hunger strike, Amber started on her mission to bring awareness to the dire situation. Canvass for a Cause, which prides itself on championing human and civil rights issues, empowered Amber by allowing her to utilize the Field Program portion of our organization when she needed a way to get started. We recruited the volunteers for the protest, educated the public on why they should care, printed petitions, made protest signs, and taught Amber how to talk to the public and get them to stop and listen to this important issue.
CFAC staff helped to create this public outreach/protest where, together, we were able to gather 340 signatures, as well as public and media attention. Now, using the tools she learned at Canvass for a Cause, Amber will be able to continue on with her struggle to spread awareness for this important human rights issue.
Occupy San Diego.
CFAC is proud to announce its endorsement of Occupy San Diego.
“Despite Target Corporation’s attempt to demolish our right to exercise free speech when they sued us last March, we continued to canvass in front of Targets and won the initial proceeding in our case,” says Executive Director Tres Watson.
Target sued Canvass for a Cause early last year, reportedly because CFAC talks about "queer issues" in front of the corporation. “What we learned from this fight and what we are working to accomplish by endorsing Occupy San Diego is that we, the 99%, must reclaim our country and put ourselves on the line for social justice,” declares Canvass for a Cause Field Director Jersey Deutsch. 
Canvass for a Cause has created an LGBT/Queer safe space, offering LGBT and civil rights education and utilizing CFAC’s time-tested field work methods to bolster the organizing capacity of the movement. Among other workshops being held, CFAC attorney will hold a "know your rights training." 
Canvass for a Cause urges community members and other LGBT and activist organizations to support the occupation.
Equality9.
On August 19, 2010, two couples went to purchase marriage licenses after Judge Vaughn Walker ruled Proposition 8 unconstitutional. The San Diego County Clerk’s Office denied these couples access to the marriage licenses, and one couple stayed in the County Clerk’s Office with seven of their friends to peacefully protest the denial of their legal rights. These nine activists were then arrested in the midst of their sit-in by more than 50 police officers in full riot gear.
Canvass for a Cause responded on the Equality 9’s first court date by co-hosting a demonstration on August 19, 2011 outside the San Diego County Courthouse, As the largest public organizing force on this issue, Canvass for a Cause accumulated more than 1,200 signatures to drop the charges against the Equality 9. While the judge did not drop the charges at the August 19, 2011 court date, he did state that there was virtually no chance that anyone would serve jail time for peacefully protesting. “The judge mentioned that the prosecution would have a difficult time winning this case,” Sean Bohac from SAME told East County Magazine after the initial hearing. 
Canvass for a Cause made an immense showing of support both at the demonstration and in its signature-gathering efforts, and continues to support the Equality 9. Please take a moment to sign the petition. 
Follow @Equality9 on Twitter.
Storefront Services.
San Diego’s only emergency shelter for homeless, runaway and “street” youth, Storefront, was recently plagued by budget cuts that resulted in a loss of staff and services. As 10-15% of Storefront youth identify as LGBTQ, and as Storefront is the only youth shelter in San Diego to house transgendered youth and youth with a past or current drug problem, Canvass for a Cause took a particularized interest in this organization. Canvass for a Cause recognized the importance of having an emergency shelter for at-risk youth here in San Diego, and took action to save Storefront from at least some of the pains accompanying budget cuts.

</doc>
<doc id="31138168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138168" title="Home Sweet Home (1945 film)">
Home Sweet Home (1945 film)

Home Sweet Home is a 1945 British musical comedy film directed by John E. Blakeley and starring Frank Randle, Nicolette Roeg and Tony Pendrell.

</doc>
<doc id="31138174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138174" title="Aaronic Priesthood Restoration Site">
Aaronic Priesthood Restoration Site

The Aaronic Priesthood Restoration Site is a historic site located in Oakland Township, Pennsylvania, United States. The site comprises property once owned, and lived on, by Joseph Smith, Jr and is the spot where the resurrected John the Baptist conferred the Aaronic priesthood upon him in 1829. Because of its historical significance to Mormonism, the site is owned and operated by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). In April 2011 the church announced it would rebuild some historic buildings on the site, which were once part of the Hale Farm, and construct a new monument.
History.
In December 1827 Joseph Smith, Jr. and his wife, Emma Smith, moved to area, hoping to escape persecution experienced in Palmyra, New York. After arriving the Smiths purchased from Emma's father, Issac Hale. Historically the property was located in the Harmony Township of Susquehanna County, until the creation of the Oakland Township. Emma had been raised in Harmony, and many of her family members lived in the area. Her brother, Jesse Hale, had constructed a three-room frame home which the Smiths purchased and had moved onto their property.
While living in the home the Smiths' first child, Alvin, was born and died. Alvin is buried just east of the historic site in the McKune Cemetery. A large percentage of the Book of Mormon was translated by Smith while living in the home. According to Smith, the Aaronic priesthood was restored to him and Oliver Cowdery on May 15, 1829 somewhere in the woods near the home. The two men baptized each other in the nearby Susquehanna River; following their baptism they ordained each other to the Aaronic Priesthood.
The Smith family left the area and their home, moving to Fayette, New York, in August 1830. In 1919 the home lived in by the Smiths was destroyed by fire.
Property acquisition and developments.
Because of the site's significance to its early history, the LDS Church purchased the original site and some surrounding property. Between 1947 and 1959 the original property and six additional acres were purchased by the church. In 1960 a monument was added to the site which commemorates the nearby restoration of the priesthood. The monument includes a sculpture by artist Avard T. Fairbanks, depicting John the Baptist conferring the priesthood on Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery. Since that time additional property has been purchased, expanding the church's holdings in the area to . The most recent acquisition occurred in January 2011, which added purchased from the Boughton family for USD $2.1 million.
In a letter dated April 15, 2011 the church announced to nearby members that the site would be restored. The restoration includes reconstructing the homes lived in by Smith and Hale families, along with farm out-buildings. A combination visitors' center and meetinghouse was constructed, along with a new monument. Pennsylvania Route 171, which had split the historic site in two was rerouted as part of the project. The site is currently in the design phase with more information to come.

</doc>
<doc id="31138186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138186" title="Anam Cara">
Anam Cara

Anam Cara is the title of a 1997 bestseller on "Celtic spirituality", the first publication by Irish author and then-priest John O'Donohue.
According to O'Donohue, the Irish term "anam cara" (lit. "soul-friend") originates in Irish monasticism, where it was applied to a monk's spiritual advisor.
The book was an international bestseller and catapulted the author to public notability, as an author and much sought-after speaker and teacher, particularly in the United States. O'Donohue left the priesthood in 2000. As O'Donohue puts it: The term is greatly misconstrued to mean "soul mate", "anam" meaning soul and "cara" meaning friend.

</doc>
<doc id="31138197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138197" title="Doug Hayward">
Doug Hayward

Douglas Frederick Cornelius Hayward (5 October 1934 – 26 April 2008), was an English tailor, who dressed many famous people during the 1960s. The inspiration for customer Michael Caine's characterisation of his role in the 1966 film "Alfie," he was also the model for client John Le Carre's Harry Pendel, aka "The Tailor of Panama."
Early life.
Born in Kensington, West London, Hayward and his brother grew up in Hayes. His father cleaned heating boilers for the BBC and worked a second job cleaning buses in Uxbridge; while his mother worked from World War II onwards in a munitions factory. Hayward won a scholarship to Southall Grammar School. He had had a trial at inside-left for the Middlesex county football team, but lost out to future England captain Johnny Haynes.
Career.
An unfocused rebel, Hayward left school at 15, looking for a white-collar job:
Apprenticed to a Shepherd's Bush Green tailor who visited the flats in Cadogan Square, where his uncle was a caretaker. During this period he worked a summer in Clacton-on-Sea as a Butlins Redcoat, and after finishing his apprenticeship served his National Service in the Royal Navy, an experience he later admitted got him focused.
Returning to civilian life, he continued working for his original employer, but also started after hours work on his own creations. Early clients like Peter Sellers, Terence Stamp and lyricist Herbert Kretzmer, came through his excellent theatrical links at the local theatre, the BBC's Lime Grove Studios, or through his first wife, Diana, sister-in-law of film director Basil Dearden.
Unable to gain a cutters job on either Savile Row or even Oxford Street due to his accent, Hayward then joined fellow showbiz specialist tailor Dimitrio Major, based in Fulham. It was here that he developed a service mentality, driving his Mini Countryman estate car to allow him to attend customers wherever required, including Richard Burton at the Dorchester Hotel.
Hayward opened his own first shop on Pall Mall, before moving to 95 Mount Street in 1967, just off Savile Row, in Mayfair. The four storey building served his entire business: basement for storage; front ground floor as a club for clients, rear as a cutting room which overlooked the garden; first floor as his personal flat during the week (his weekend home was on the Oxfordshire estate of client and friend Lord Hambleden, near Henley on Thames); and upper floor as a rented out flat of for use by assistants. Described by many as like a gentlemen's club, its acted as a hub for all of Hayward's clients when in London. Hayward's Jack Russell terrier would be seen molesting his collection of teddy bears, a gift from his client Ralph Lauren, who's later Purple Label line was inspired and advised by Hayward. Client Michael Parkinson said of the shop:
Hayward's client list included: actors Clint Eastwood, Sir John Gielgud, Michael Caine, Terence Stamp, Rex Harrison, Steve McQueen and John Osborne; actor Tommy Steele; singer Tony Bennett; newsreader Tom Brokaw; footballer and 1966 World Cup England captain Bobby Moore; Formula 1 world champion Sir Jackie Stewart; and businessmen Lord Hanson and Mark Birley. Female clients included Faye Dunaway, Mia Farrow, Jean Shrimpton and Sharon Tate. His design of suits for singer Mick Jagger lead him to designing the wedding dress for Bianca Jagger, and later many of her iconic white jumpsuits. His film credits included Caine's suits in "The Italian Job," and Roger Moore in James Bond. Actor James Coburn called Hayward "the Rodin of tweed".
Hayward also sold hand-made shoes, and his own line of watches and leather luggage. He lectured at the Royal College of Art on tailoring, placing emphasis on cutting: "You can't do anything unless you can cut." Pragmatic and undemanding of his clients body, Hayward believed that any one could be made to look sleeker:
Every week until her death in 1984, he visited his mother, Winifred. Each time he would present her with a £1 note, to pay for her Meals on Wheels. He also gave her regular sums of money, always in cash. Convinced that her son was running either a brothel or a game of chemmy, she kept it all. After her death, the family found it beneath her bed in 15 empty ice cream boxes, with a note: "This money is to get Doug out of prison when they finally get him."
Influence on the media.
A lifelong womaniser and bon vivant, it was claimed by many that Hayward provided the real-life inspiration for his friend Michael Caine's most iconic screen role, serial philanderer Alfie Elkins. He was also the model for client John Le Carre's Harry Pendel, aka "The Tailor of Panama."
Personal life.
Married twice, his first wife was Diana, sister-in-law of film director Basil Dearden. His second was journalist Glenys Roberts, with whom he had a daughter Polly, who later became his business partner. Roberts divorced Hayward in 1978. His lovers included Janet Street-Porter, for whom he made a full length double cashmere coat in 1973.
Hayward had a lifelong love for football and beer. A boyhood fan of both of Fulham and Arsenal, although on Saturdays after lunch on the King's Road he would head to Stamford Bridge to watch Chelsea. Hayward had his own team, the Mount Street Marchers and Social Club. The amateur team played in arranged matches on Hyde Park on Sunday mornings, whom he talked clients and actors Richard Harris and Tom Courtenay, and occasionally Bobby Moore, into appearing for. In 1970 he persuaded the Rank Organisation to pay for his team to fly to Mexico for the 1970 World Cup. Believing that they were going to get an exclusive documentary about the England team, Rank were presented with footage of Hayward enjoying himself against local park sides.
Every Thursday, he would lunch at Langhams Brasserie with friends: photographer Terry O'Neill, hair expert Philip Kingsley, the owner of Tramp nightclub Johnny Gold, Michael Cane. The four of them made up the Mayfair Orphans Club. His friendship with Queen Elizabeth 2's cousin Patrick Anson, 5th Earl of Lichfield, led to them founding dining club Burkes. Resultantly invited to Lichfield's home on the Caribbean island of Mustique, he struck up a friendship with Princess Margaret, where the pair performed Cole Porter songs.
Hayward suffered a mini-stroke in 1996, and then several in the years before his death had brought on vascular dementia. Hayward died at a hospice close to his flat in Mayfair, of issues relating to a lifelong neurological disorder. A lifelong agnostic, Hayward received the last rites from a Roman Catholic priest before his death, on which his daughter and business partner commented:

</doc>
<doc id="31138207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138207" title="Marbin">
Marbin

Marbin is an instrumental rock band based in Chicago, Illinois.
Marbin first started in 2007 as an improvised music duo consisting of Israeli guitarist Dani Rabin and Israeli saxophonist Danny Markovitch Slor. Markovitch and Rabin met shortly after Markovitch Slor had completed his military service as an infantry sergeant and Rabin had graduated from Berklee College of Music. Since 2008, Marbin has been living in Chicago and performing all over the United States, playing over 300 shows a year with the accompaniment of drummer Justyn Lawrence and Bassist Jae Gentile, making Marbin one of the busiest bands in the states. They have released four albums: "Impressions of a City" (2009) as part of Paul Wertico's Mid-East/Mid-West Alliance, and three under the name Marbin, "Marbin" (2009) as a duo, "Breaking the Cycle" (2011) with drummer Paul Wertico (Pat Metheny Group), bassist Steve Rodby (Pat Metheny Group), and Jamey Haddad (Paul Simon), and "Last Chapter of Dreaming" (2013) with its touring band and an array of thirteen guests. Marbin is currently signed to Moonjune Records and Management.
Career.
In Chicago.
In June 2009, Marbin released their first self-titled album, which was awarded album of the month by The Deli Magazine, and Editor's Pick by Cdbaby.
With Paul Wertico.
In October 2008, Marbin met Paul Wertico and was invited to join forces with his long existing trio and to form Paul Wertico's Mid-East/Mid-West Alliance. The group recorded the critically acclaimed album "Impressions of a City" for the record label Chicago Session. The album received a lot of praise, including in national magazines, such as Modern Drummer,
The A.V. Club (The Onion),
Jazz Times and a
4.5/5 stars rating by Downbeat Magazine (4-excellent, 5-masterpiece), and was recognized as one of the best fifty albums of 2010. "Impressions of a City" was also one of the top fifty best selling albums on CD Universe.
Paul Joined Marbin (and brought Steve Rodby with him).
For their second album, Breaking the Cycle, Marbin expanded to include: Guitarist Dani Rabin, saxophonist Danny Markovitch, drummer Paul Wertico (7 time Grammy Award winner with the Pat Metheny Group), and bassist Steve Rodby (11 time Grammy Award winner with the Pat Metheny Group).
Marbin is the first time since Wertico's departure from the Pat Metheny Group (he played drums for the group between the years 1984-2002) that he and Steve Rodby had collaborated in a band together. The years Paul Wertico was a member of the Pat Metheny Group alongside Steve Rodby are considered the golden era of the band (7 Grammy Awards and 3 Gold records).
According to major publications in the US and around the world such as The Chicago Tribune, Maariv, All About Jazz, The Examiner, DRUM!, Jazz Police, and Chicago Jazz Magazine, Marbin's use of new extended techniques, such as looping and prepared-guitar in song form, in addition to their compositions and approach to music, results in music that is innovative and genre-defying.
Breaking the Cycle.
In 2011, Marbin released their second album "Breaking the Cycle" with Moonjune Records. In addition to the quartet, the album features percussionist Jamey Haddad from Paul Simon's band, and folk-singer Mat Davidson from The Low Anthem.
Last Chapter of Dreaming.
In 2013, Marbin released their third album, and their second with Moonjune Records "Last Chapter of Dreaming". As of March 2014 Marbin has collectively sold over 10,000 copies of their three studio albums.
Shows and Festivals.
In addition to their regular schedule playing in top venues and festivals in the states (The Jazz Showcase, Frozen Dead Guy Days, Magic Bag, Gilly's, Andy's Jazz Club, Green Mill, Chi-town Jazz Festival, Chicago Jazz Festival), in September 2011, Marbin toured with fusion super group Scott Henderson, Mike Clark, and Jeff Berlin in a series of venues on the east coast and the midwest. In March 2012, Marbin toured with Allan Holdsworth's new trio that consists of Yellow Jackets' bassist Jimmy Haslip, and drummer Virgil Donati. In 2013 Marbin played with Wayne Krantz, Tim Lefebvre, and Nate Wood.

</doc>
<doc id="31138254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138254" title="Osnabrück mortar attack">
Osnabrück mortar attack

The Osnabrück mortar attack was an improvised mortar attack carried out by a Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) unit based in mainland Europe on 28 June 1996 against the British Army's Quebec Barracks at Osnabrück, Germany.
Background.
The main sides of The Troubles, in particular the British Government and the IRA, had accepted by the early 1990s that they couldn't resolve the conflict by force. The IRA, through its political wing, Sinn Féin, foresaw that greater progress towards republican objectives might be achieved by negotiation. In this context, the IRA declared a "permanent cessation" of hostilities on 31 August 1994.
The IRA eventually called off this ceasefire on 9 February 1996 because of its dissatisfaction with the lack of progress of the peace talks. They marked the end of the truce by detonating a truck bomb at Canary Wharf in London, which caused the deaths of two civilians and massive damage to property. In early June 1996, another truck bomb devastated Manchester city centre.
The Provisional IRA activities of 1996–1997 were used to gain leverage in negotiations with the British government during the period. Whereas in 1994–95, the British Conservative Party government had refused to enter public talks with Sinn Féin until the IRA had given up its weapons, the Labour Party government in power by 1997 was prepared to include Sinn Féin in peace talks before IRA decommissioning. This precondition was officially dropped in June 1997.
The attack.
The attack was perpetrated at 18:50, local time, when three Mark 15 mortar bombs were launched from a Ford Transit van. The devices contained more than 180 lb (81.64 kg) of explosive in each projectile. The van had been modified by a former British Army engineer, Michael Dickson, who built the launch platform and aimed the tubes towards the barracks. The tubes were screwed to the floor of the van and masked with tarpaulins. Two of the bombs fell short of the perimeter fence and failed to explode, but the third went off 20 yards (18.3 mt) inside the base, leaving a crater near a petrol pump. No fire was ignited, but several buildings, cars and armoured vehicles were damaged by the blast. The destruction was described as 'substantial'. There were 150 soldiers inside the facility at the time, but none were injured. An explosive charge was left in the vehicle with the intention of destroying forensic evidence, but the intact van's plates allowed it to be traced to Yorkshire.
The IRA unit was composed of five members, two of them women, who had rented a holiday home in northern Germany where they built the mortar launchers. Michael Dickson later claimed at his trial that he had no experience in handling explosives during his career in the British Army's Royal Engineers. Dickson had served in several British bases in Germany, but never in Northern Ireland. Róisín McAliskey, daughter of republican activist Bernadette Devlin McAliskey, and Jimmy Corrie were also suspected of being members of the cell. The aim of the IRA was to establish a permanent presence in mainland Europe, rather than cause massive loss of life.
Aftermath.
John Major, then prime minister of the United Kingdom, said that the assault showed how the IRA and Sinn Féin were isolating themselves from the peace process. John Bruton, then Taoiseach of the Republic of Ireland, dubbed the IRA strategy as 'utterly pointless'.
Michael Dickson was arrested in December 2002 on an international arrest warrant relating to the 1996 mortar attack whilst he was driving a lorry-load of contraband cigarettes and tobacco at Ruzyne Airport in the Czech Republic. He was convicted under German law to six and a half years for attempted murder and setting off an explosion. He served his sentence in Celle maximum security prison in Germany, and was released after serving 27 months of his sentence. Róisin McAliskey battled successfully against the extradition warrant issued by the German Justice.

</doc>
<doc id="31138261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138261" title="I Lived with You">
I Lived with You

I Lived with You is a 1933 British romantic comedy film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Ivor Novello, Ursula Jeans and Ida Lupino. It is based on the play "I Lived With You" by Novello. A young woman meets a penniless Russian prince and takes him home to live with her family.

</doc>
<doc id="31138276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138276" title="Muba Hangtuah Indonesia Muda Sumatera Selatan">
Muba Hangtuah Indonesia Muda Sumatera Selatan

Muba Hangtuah Indonesia Muda Sumatera Selatan, also known as Muba Hangtuah IM Sumsel, is a basketball club based in South Sumatera, Indonesia that plays in the National Basketball League.

</doc>
<doc id="31138283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138283" title="Max O. Cogburn, Jr.">
Max O. Cogburn, Jr.

Max Oliver Cogburn, Jr. (born April 1951) is a District Judge for the United States District Court for the Western District of North Carolina. The Senate confirmed him 96–0 on March 10, 2011. He received his commission on March 11, 2011.
Early life and education.
Born in Candler North Carolina, Cogburn earned a bachelor's degree from the University of North Carolina in 1973 and a law degree from the Samford University Cumberland School of Law in 1976.
Professional career.
From 1976 until 1980, Cogburn worked as an associate and then as a partner at an Asheville, North Carolina law firm. From 1980 until 1992, he worked in the United States Attorney's office in Asheville as an Assistant United States Attorney, including as Chief Assistant United States Attorney from 1986 until 1988.
From 1992 until 1995, Cogburn was a partner in a law firm in Charlotte, North Carolina. From 1995 until 2004, he served as a federal magistrate judge on the United States District Court for the Western District of North Carolina. He returned to private practice in 2004, working in Asheville, North Carolina.
Federal judicial service.
On May 27, 2010, President Obama nominated Cogburn to a seat on the Western District of North Carolina. He was reported out of the United States Senate Committee on the Judiciary on December 8, 2010, but his nomination lapsed at the end of 2010 and the end of the 111th Congress. Obama renominated Cogburn on January 5, 2011, and he was reported out of the United States Senate Committee on the Judiciary on February 3, 2011. The Senate confirmed Cogburn in a 96-0 vote on March 10, 2011. He received his commission on March 11, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31138323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138323" title="Nelson (1918 film)">
Nelson (1918 film)

Nelson is a 1918 British historical film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Donald Calthrop, Malvina Longfellow and Ivy Close. It was based on the biography of Admiral Horatio Nelson by Robert Southey.

</doc>
<doc id="31138329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138329" title="City of Oakland Energy and Climate Action Plan">
City of Oakland Energy and Climate Action Plan

The City of Oakland Energy and Climate Action Plan (ECAP) in Oakland, California was developed as an environmental policy to address the issues of climate change and energy consumption. The purpose of the ECAP is to identify and prioritize actions the city can take to reduce energy consumption and greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions associated with Oakland. This plan recommends GHG reduction actions, and establishes a framework for coordinating implementation, as well as monitoring and reporting on progress. The ECAP will assist the City of Oakland in continuing its legacy of leadership on energy, climate and sustainability issues.
Development of the ECAP.
The goal of the ECAP was to reduce 2005 GHG emissions by 36% in 15 years. The law would be reviewed under the California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA), although drafts could be approved without a CEQA determination. The Community & Economic Development Agency (CEDA) conducted a preliminary environmental quality review upon direction from City Council. The task of drafting ECAP was delegated to City Council staff in July 2009; the draft was reviewed in December 2010 by the Planning Commission followed by the Public Works committee. Out of all the action items, the draft recommended a subset of actions to be completed within 3 years. ECAP action recommendations were evaluated by the Oakland City Planning Commission on their GHG Reduction Potential, Implementation Cost & Access to Funding, Financial Rate of Return, GHG Reduction Cost Effectiveness, Economic Development Potential, Creation of Significant Social Equity Benefits, Feasibility & Speed of Implementation, Leveraging Partnerships (with community stakeholders and on a regional, state or national level), and Longevity of Benefits.
Hurdles in the city’s development efforts.
A 2011 draft of the plan acknowledged major concern about further development exacerbating GHG production through building energy use, construction and transportation costs. The draft stated that methods for accounting for these costs haven’t been comprehensively developed. Issues around data collection and correlation of GHG production to communities have presented problems—since communities vary in the way they measure and the amount they produce of GHGs, it has been difficult for City staff to create a standardized method of quantification and accounting for environmental costs.
Some sources of pollution such as transit traffic at the Oakland International Airport and highways are not under the jurisdiction of the City and would call for mobilization of communities to decrease. By the City’s calculations, Upstream emissions from material consumption, air travel, and transportation on roads and highways were the major sources of pollution. BART produces zero carbon thanks to a direct access contract.
Community's engagement in the planning process.
In early 2009, Oakland announced its decision to start drafting an ECAP. The Ella Baker Center’s Green-Collar Jobs Campaign realized that this could be an opportunity to “engage Oakland residents most impacted by poverty and pollution in drafting and passing job-creating solutions”. On April 9, 2009, more than 50 people from 30 community organizations gathered in the Ella Baker Center to discuss an Energy and Climate Action Plan that could serve people with all backgrounds; the meeting led to the Oakland Climate Action Coalition (OCAC).
The OCAC had four tiers of involvement: Convener, Steering Committee Members, Coalition Members, and Coalition Allies. As OCAC Convener, the Ella Baker Center was responsible for coordinating the coalition. It led in drafting the coalition’s mission and goals, and facilitated Steering Committee and Coalition meetings to keep the coalition on track. The Steering Committee consisted of co-chairs of the OCAC’s seven Committees: transportation and land use; building and energy use; consumption and solid waste; food, water and urban agriculture/forestry; climate change adaptation planning; community engagement; port of Oakland. Each committee was in the charge of two co-chairs, one policy and one grassroots, and brought together for specific policy advocacy each month. Coalition members attended monthly General Coalition meetings. Coalition Allies responded to specific OCAC actions.
The OCAC achieved its goals through “a dual strategy of policy advocacy and community engagement”. On the policy advocacy side, the OCAC worked together with city staff and came up with research, language, and policy recommendations that got incorporated in the final ECAP. The OCAC has contributed to drafting of the ECAP by creating its own version based on community workshops in Oakland’s low-income, flat-land neighborhoods; it has also participated in revising the draft. The OCAC has played a big part in “changing the overall framing of the ECAP” by rewriting the introduction to the Plan, to include aspects of creating jobs, saving money and improving air quality. Over 50 of the 150 policies included in Oakland’s ECAP were created and supported by the Coalition. According to the ECAP draft appendix, “Community input was critical to the development of the ECAP. This input was received directly from hundreds of community members and dozens of local organizations engaged with thousands of additional community members. The Oakland community helped to shape the process, GHG reduction targets, tone and structure of the ECAP, and many of the proposed GHG reduction actions.”
The OCAC also hosted dozens of community events that brought in more than 1,000 low-income residents and residents of color in Oakland’s to the planning process. Between September and October 2009, the OCAC hosted 14 workshops to exchange information and ideas with the community. Some of the events organized by OCAC included Community Convergence for Climate Action, Rally at City Hall, Green Mayoral forum and a solar-powered concert.
After Oakland’s ECAP was adopted in 2011, the Ella Baker Center looked to new leadership of the Coalition, and worked on other projects that “bring people-power to Oakland’s green economy.”
Content of the ECAP.
Noticing that the city was taking up a substantial amount of water and energy, Mayor Jean Quan and other council members decided to create a plan to improve the situation. The ECAP has a greenhouse gas (GHG) reduction goal of 36% below 2005 levels by 2020. The main purpose of ECAP is to specifically locate sources of emission in transportation land use, building energy use and material consumption/waste to recommend specific actions for mitigation.
Missions and goals.
Projected local impacts of climate change include rising Bay and delta waters, increased vulnerability to flood events, decreased potable water supply due to shrinking Sierra snowpack, increased fire danger, more extreme heat events and public health impacts, added stress on infrastructure, higher prices for food and fuels, and other ecological and quality of life impacts.
Building on Oakland's legacy of climate progress, the next phase of action on energy and climate issues must consist of efforts in two major areas: Mitigation and Adaptation. These include strategies to reduce transportation fuel use, natural gas, electricity use, consumption and manufacture of material goods and waste management. Transportation & Land Use, Building Energy Use, and Material Consumption & Waste are the three largest sources of GHG emissions in Oakland. In July 2009, the Oakland City Council approved a preliminary GHG reduction target for the year 2020 of 36% below 2005 levels. This calls for a 36% reduction in emissions with respect to each of these GHG sources. The ECAP also recommends a Three Year Priority Implementation Plan, a prioritized subset of actions recommended for implementation in the next three years. The ECAP outlines the role that recent state-level policies are expected to play in reducing GHG emissions, and provides a vision for the role of community leadership. Implementing the actions identified in the ECAP has the potential to create a variety of community benefits, including energy cost savings, local green jobs and economic development, reduced local air pollution, improved public health, and other quality of life improvements throughout Oakland. The ECAP will be updated every three years to review progress, identify new priority actions and maintain momentum.
Implementation and resources.
ECAP implementation will involve an inter-agency staff team to provide staff-level coordination. Priority Actions that have available funding sources are listed in the document. Putting Oakland on a steady path of progress toward achieving a 36% reduction in GHG emissions by 2020 will also require the implementation of additional actions during the next three years. The ECAP includes budget estimates for funding the City would need to implement the 32 Priority Actions Requiring New Resources. In addition to resources required by the City to support implementation, achieving the 36% GHG reduction target will require complementary action throughout the community in many areas. Much of this work has the potential to create significant cost savings for property owners and/or tenants; in addition, some households could experience a net positive cash flow.
A collaborative approach.
Achieving Oakland’s 2020 GHG Reduction Goal will require unprecedented action to address all three of the major sources of GHG emissions: Transportation & Land Use, Building Energy Use, Material Consumption & Waste. For the purpose of developing the draft ECAP, Oakland's 36% GHG reduction goal is applied to each of these three categories of GHG emission sources:
20% reduction in vehicle miles traveled
24 million gallons of gasoline and diesel saved
32% reduction in annual electricity consumption
14% reduction in annual natural gas consumption
62 million kWh and 2.7 million therms of renewable energy production
375,000 tons of waste diverted
Role of federal, state and regional partners.
The ECAP is intended to complement actions taken by federal, state and regional governments to address the threat of climate change. Among the strategies contained in the CARB Scoping Plan are: vehicle fuel efficiency and low carbon fuel standards; energy efficiency standards for buildings; aggressive renewable portfolio standards for electricity generation; hybrid vehicle support; high speed rail; industrial sector energy efficiency measures; growing sustainable forests; and recycling and waste measures. For the purpose of quantifying GHG emissions and needed reductions, projections of Oakland's 2020 GHG emissions have been adjusted based on projected changes in population, economic activity and vehicle miles traveled. These projections also assume implementation of State driven strategies that will not require additional local government action. Regional partners such as the Association of Bay Area Governments (ABAG) and the Metropolitan Transportation Commission (MTC) are working to reduce emissions through development of regional housing allocations for Bay Area cities, transportation plans, and priority development areas.
Role of city Government and local action.
The primary purpose of the ECAP is to identify and prioritize actions the City can take to reduce energy consumption and GHG emissions associated with Oakland. For example, the City's proposed Green Building Ordinance for Private Development would help to ensure that new residential, commercial and retrofitted buildings are designed to achieve high levels of energy efficiency and green performance. The City can encourage voluntary action, promote model local practices, provide opportunities for new ideas from the community to further strengthen local efforts, and track and report on Oakland's progress in reducing energy use and GHG emissions. Local service providers (e.g., PG&E, AC Transit) will play key roles in enabling individuals to make choices that reduce GHG emissions.
Recommended actions.
The ECAP lists priority actions required for the next three years (2010-2013) and actions for a ten-year plan until 2020. Priority actions are categorized into ones supported by existing funds and ones requiring new funding sources. Priority actions that will require new funding sources include estimates of funds needed, along with recommended implementation responsibility if resources should become available. The ECAP categorizes actions into: transportation and land use; building energy use; material consumption and waste; community engagement; climate adaptation and resilience. It lists priority actions supported by existing funds, and priority actions requiring new funding sources and all other actions required to achieve the 2020 plan.
Transportation and land use.
Efforts to reduce GHG emissions from the transportation sector pose the opportunity to create a more equitable, sustainable, affordable and healthy Oakland by addressing the interconnection between land use and transportation-related emissions; engaging employers to reduce commute and business trips; promoting urban forestry; and improving the City vehicle fleet.
Building energy use.
Natural gas consumption is the largest source of GHG emissions related to buildings, followed by emissions from power plants that supply Oakland's electricity. These include: optimizing energy efficiency in new construction; retrofitting existing buildings to reduce energy consumption; promoting energy and water conservation and efficiency; advancing the use of renewable energy; and improving the energy performance of municipal facilities.
Material consumption and waste.
While many of these emissions do not occur within Oakland's geographic boundaries, consumption and disposal decisions made by each member of the Oakland community play a major role in the creation of these GHG emissions. By pursuing the City's adopted Zero Waste strategies, Oakland can help to create GHG reductions of the same magnitude as those related to transportation and building energy use. Replacing energy-intensive virgin resources with energy-efficient recycled resources can create significant GHG benefits and help to address global resource depletion. The Zero Waste hierarchy of reduce, reuse, recycle and compost can be viewed as a global energy efficiency program that significantly reduces energy and other natural resources required to create consumer goods, from cars to packaging to food.
Community engagement.
Through its leadership and existing communication channels, the City can help to spur the high levels of community participation needed to solve the challenge of climate change, and seed opportunities for new ideas from the community to further strengthen local efforts. However, 30% of Oakland's housing stock will need to undergo energy improvements, and 30% of Oakland's businesses will need to participate aggressively in energy efficiency and recycling programs. Local organizations, including community-based organizations, business, labor, educational institutions and others, can help to educate, motivate and empower the entire Oakland community to participate in and benefit from local climate action.
Climate adaptation and increasing resilience.
Some impacts of climate change (e.g., sea level rise) are already starting to be observed the result of decades of fossil fuel combustion and other activities, such as deforestation, that have already happened.
Challenges.
Lack of effort in addressing existing climate impacts.
KQED has pointed out that the plan falls short in addressing how the city will tackle climate change that has already begun; the plan instead focuses on future emission reduction and sustainability in further development. 
The Oakland's Pacific Institute worked with the OCAC and came up with their adaptation recommendations to fill in the gaps of the ECAP: 
Extreme heat
Develop early-warning systems for extreme heat events
Open air-conditioned buildings to the community during extreme heat events
Install cool pavement
Install green roofs
Flooding
Limit development in floodplain
Preserve or restore wetlands
Raise existing structures above flood level
Build levees and seawalls
Wildfires
Replace flammable vegetation with less-flammable options
Limit development in fire-prone areas
Ensure adequate shelters are in place
Rising utility and food costs
Promote energy and water efficiency
Develop and support local food systems
Programs to reduce financial hardship on residents
Create green economy and workforce
Poor air quality
Insulate/seal homes
Create “safe rooms” with HEPA filters
Develop warning system for air-quality
Political and economical barricades.
Despite ECAP’s effort to address the needs of low-income communities and communities of color through sustainability programs, there are political and economical barriers for implementation according to a report from Oakland Local, an independent, nonprofit media in Oakland. Advocates helped to set progressive polices on affordable solar and energy efficiency programs for low-income communities of color but difficulties have lied in the way of widespread adoption.
In the report, one problem is that city lacks funding, according to Mari Rose Taruc, State Organizing director of the Asian Pacific Environmental Network (APEN). Even though the city has been making progress in some areas, including zero-interest loans for weatherization and energy efficiency aimed at multi-family projects, some big ECAP items, such as the urban forestry plan-“which could significantly impact air quality in flatland areas”-are waiting for funding. Some of the funds, which were supposed to come from cap-and trade revenues for low-income communities with serious pollution, got delayed at least until 2015, “due to Governor Brown’s decision to divert the entire $500 million earmarked for set-asides from the Greenhouse Gas Reduction Fund to the General Fund, including $125 million in set-asides for disadvantaged communities.”
The report also mentions that ECAP’s recommendation on community-based solar program suffered when the proposed “Solar for All” bill, AB 1990, was lobbied against by investor-owned utilities and defeated in 2012. “AB1990 would have created approximately 1,000 small-scale solar projects in low-income communities, an alternative to the large renewable energy farms located in remote areas favored by IOUs,” according to the report.
Al Weinrub, a member of the Local Clean Energy Allicance (LECA) and OCAC, says that low-income communities of color are not only “the most poisoned by industrial pollution and the most exploited by the local economy,” but also “left out of the renewable energy game.” He adds that it will take a long time for smaller community providers to come into play “bypassing the CPUC (California Public Utilities Commission)."

</doc>
<doc id="31138337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138337" title="Bima Sakti Nikko Steel Malang">
Bima Sakti Nikko Steel Malang

Bima Sakti Nikko Steel Malang is a basketball club based in Malang, East Java, Indonesia that plays in the National Basketball League (Indonesia).

</doc>
<doc id="31138356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138356" title="Stadium Jakarta">
Stadium Jakarta

Stadium Jakarta is a basketball club based in Jakarta, Indonesia that plays in the National Basketball League (Indonesia).

</doc>
<doc id="31138370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138370" title="Nelson (1926 film)">
Nelson (1926 film)

Nelson is a 1926 British historical film directed by Walter Summers and starring Cedric Hardwicke, Gertrude McCoy and Frank Perfitt. A biopic of Admiral Horatio Nelson, it is based on the biography by Robert Southey.

</doc>
<doc id="31138380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138380" title="Aio Records">
Aio Records

Aio Records, now called ÅIÖ Soundings, is an independent record label out of Portland, Oregon. It was started by J Breeden and Sara Johanne of Susurrus Station when relocating from Stockholm, Sweden to Oregon in 2007. In Swedish, the letters Å I Ö literally translate as "streams in an island."

</doc>
<doc id="31138387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138387" title="Joplin Police Department">
Joplin Police Department

The Joplin Police Department is the principal law enforcement agency responsible for serving the city of Joplin in the U.S. state of Missouri. 
Department structure and history.
The Joplin Police Department was created in 1873, and is responsible for providing law enforcement services to a major population center in Southwest Missouri encompassing approximately 50,000 city residents and 200,000 daily visitors through its patrol, investigations, administration, special enforcement, and support services bureaus which report to the Chief of Police, and previously the Police Marshal. According to the The Officer Down Memorial Page, 19 officers have been killed in the line of duty in the department's history. 
Marshals and chiefs.
Individuals who have served as marshal or chief of the Joplin Police Department since its creation in 1873 have included the following 

</doc>
<doc id="31138429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138429" title="Rocky Ford Station">
Rocky Ford Station

Rocky Ford Station was an Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway station in Rocky Ford, Colorado. The station is located two blocks south of U.S. Highway 50 and State Highway 71. The station has been restored and is now used by the Rocky Ford Chamber of Commerce. It was on the Denver Branch, connecting La Junta and Denver. The line is now owned by BNSF.

</doc>
<doc id="31138432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138432" title="Lacandon">
Lacandon

Lacandon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31138439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138439" title="Sarphira">
Sarphira

Sarphira is a 1992 Bollywood film directed by Ashok Gaekwad. The film stars Vinod Mehra, Sanjay Dutt, Madhavi, Sumeet Saigal, Kimi Katkar, Kiran Juneja and Shreeram Lagoo.

</doc>
<doc id="31138472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138472" title="The Veteran of Waterloo">
The Veteran of Waterloo

The Veteran of Waterloo is a 1933 British short drama film directed by A.V. Bramble and starring Jerrold Robertshaw, Roger Livesey and Joan Kemp-Welch. An old soldier recounts his participation in the 1815 Battle of Waterloo. It is based on the play "A Story of Waterloo" by Arthur Conan Doyle.

</doc>
<doc id="31138502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138502" title="Jerrold Robertshaw">
Jerrold Robertshaw

Jerrold Robertshaw (28 March 1866 in Allerton, West Riding of Yorkshire – died 14 February 1941 in London) was a British stage and film actor of the silent era.

</doc>
<doc id="31138530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138530" title="A Royal Divorce">
A Royal Divorce

A Royal Divorce may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31138534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138534" title="Huckleberry Creek Patrol Cabin">
Huckleberry Creek Patrol Cabin

The Huckleberry Creek Patrol Cabin is located in the northern portion of Mount Rainier National Park. It was built around 1934 to house rangers on patrol within the park. The log cabin's design resembles the "Standard Plan for Patrol Cabins" prepared by the Western Division of the National Park Service, with the addition of a full-width front porch. Civilian Conservation Corps labor may have been used in the construction of the cabin. 
The cabin was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 13, 1991. It is part of the Mount Rainier National Historic Landmark District, which encompasses the entire park and which recognizes the park's inventory of Park Service-designed rustic architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="31138563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138563" title="A Royal Divorce (1926 film)">
A Royal Divorce (1926 film)

A Royal Divorce is a 1926 British historical drama film directed by Alexander Butler and starring Gwylim Evans, Gertrude McCoy and Lillian Hall-Davis. It was based on a play by C.C. Collingham and depicts the romantic relationship and political divorce between Napoleon and his wife Josephine. It was remade as a sound film, "A Royal Divorce", in 1938.

</doc>
<doc id="31138572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138572" title="Julius Urgiß">
Julius Urgiß

Julius Urgiß (6 August 1873 in Anklam – 12 March 1948 in New York City) was a German-Jewish screenwriter, musician, and film critic.
He began his career as the author of various literary contributions. He worked as a senior journalist at the Berlin film journal Der Kinematograph, writing film reviews. He wrote a biography of the silent-film star Henny Porten.
In 1918, he began his career as a screenwriter. For seven years from 1919, he collaborated with Max Jungk, and in 1928 he worked with Frederick Raff. Urgiss provided material for comedies, dramas, historical materials and literary adaptations. After the Nazis came to power in 1933, he emigrated from Germany and lived in New York until his death in 1948.
He was married to the German soprano Gerty Lewin (1879-1927). They had one daughter, Eva Agathe Urgiss (1911-1999), who married Albert Einstein's biographer and former step-son-in-law, Dr. Rudolf Kayser.

</doc>
<doc id="31138573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138573" title="No More Tears (For Lady Day)">
No More Tears (For Lady Day)

No More Tears (For Lady Day) is an album by jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in West Germany and released on the Dutch Timeless label. 
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Steve Loewy awarded the album 4 stars stating "The pianist is in a somber mood, perhaps because of the theme, though his performance is up to his usually high standards... The delightful ambience of the trio results in a laid-back atmosphere that soothes and calms. A fine antidote to a stressful world and a lovely tribute to Lady Day". 

</doc>
<doc id="31138580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138580" title="Berghia columbina">
Berghia columbina

Berghia columbina is a species of marine nudibranch in the family Aeolidiidae.
Distribution.
"Berghia columbina" is present in European waters.

</doc>
<doc id="31138581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138581" title="Cristhia Michelle Cuevas Herrera">
Cristhia Michelle Cuevas Herrera

Cristhia Michelle Cuevas Herrera (born November 27, 1980 in Tijuana, Baja California, Mexico) competed in the national pageant Nuestra Belleza Mexico 2002, representing Baja California, the state in which she was raised.

</doc>
<doc id="31138608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138608" title="Cherokee Bat and the Goat Guys">
Cherokee Bat and the Goat Guys

Cherokee Bat and the Goat Guys (1993) is the third book in the Dangerous Angels series by Francesca Lia Block. It focuses on Cherokee, the daughter of Weetzie Bat, and her friends as they start a band, find success, and deal with the corruption of their spirits.
Plot summary.
While the grown-ups are away making a movie, teenager Cherokee is left to cheer up her sort-of sister Witch Baby, who is deeply depressed. Cherokee makes her a pair of wings out of wire and feathers, and it cheers Witch Baby up due to an unexplained magical power. The two girls decided to start a band and enlist their two male friends, Raphael and Angel Juan.
As their band becomes successful, the other members acquire magical items to wear. Raphael begins to wear goat pants, Angel Juan gets horns, and Cherokee gets hoof-like boots. However, these items begin to lead them down a path of drugs, sex, and jealousy and things begin to unravel. In the end, Cherokee, disturbed by the changes in her friends, makes off with the magical costumes, causing her friends to re-examine their choices and find their way back to their normal selves.

</doc>
<doc id="31138609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138609" title="Zachariah Gillam">
Zachariah Gillam

Zachariah Gillam (also spelled Zachary Guillam) (1636–1682) was one of a family of New England sea captains involved in the early days of the Hudson's Bay Company. 
The son of a prominent Massachusetts shipwright, he was engaged in the coastal trade. He must have known about and may have had some involvement in Radisson and Groseilliers' 1663 attempt to reach Hudson Bay from Boston. In 1665 his elder brother carried Radisson and Groseilliers to England which presumably increased his contact with the two adventurers. In 1668, in command of the 43-ton Nonsuch he carried Groseilliers from England to Hudson Bay where they wintered at the mouth of the Rupert River and returned the following year with £1,300 in furs. In May 1670, the same month that the Hudson's Bay Company was founded, he left England in the 75½-ton "Prince Rupert" with Groseilliers accompanied by the "Wivenhoe" with Radisson and the new governor Charles Bayly. Bayly's attempt to found a fort at Port Nelson, Manitoba failed, so they returned to the Rupert River where they wintered, traded, explored the Moose River (Ontario) and returned to England in October, 1671. He returned in the "Prince Rupert" in 1672/73 and again in 1674/75. At about this time he quarreled with Radisson, each accusing the other of peculation, and Gillam was dismissed from the HBC service. He was engaged in the coastal trade to North Carolina from 1677 to 1680 when he was accused of involvement in the 1677 Culpeper's Rebellion and sent in custody to England. In 1682 he returned to the HBC service and in June of that year left for the bay in the "Prince Rupert" along with four other ships. The "Prince Rupert" and the "Albemarle" were to found a post at Port Nelson, Manitoba. When he arrived on 7 September he found two other groups already there. One was French under Radisson and Groseilliers who had returned to the French service and the other was a non-HBC expedition from Boston under Gillam's son Benjamin. On 21 October, during a storm, the "Prince Rupert" dragged anchor and drifted out to sea. With only about nine men on board it was difficult to control her and she was crushed by the ice, losing all hands including Captain Gillam.
His elder brother Benjamin Gillam was in 1665 in command of the "Charles" which brought Radisson and Groseilliers to England where they began the foundation of the Hudson's Bay Company.
His son Benjamin Gillam (1662/63-1706) appears in the records only in reference to the 1682 events at Port Nelson. On 21 June 1682 be left Boston for Hudson Bay in the "Bachelor's Delight" intending to break into the HBC monopoly. On reaching Port Nelson he was soon joined by a French group under Radisson and then by his father's official HBC expedition. His father died in October and Benjamin was captured by the French in February. He was taken to Quebec, released and returned to Boston. Here he was briefly arrested for violating the monopoly but was soon released. The HBC later claimed him for its own and based its claim to Port Nelson on the grounds that Benjamin had arrived before the French party.
In the 1690 the family appears in the records as shipbuilders for English Merchants.

</doc>
<doc id="31138618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138618" title="Indian Henry's Patrol Cabin">
Indian Henry's Patrol Cabin

Indian Henry's Patrol Cabin is an early National Park Service patrol cabin in Mount Rainier National Park. The cabin was built in 1915-1916 at an elevation of in an area of the park known as "Indian Henry's Hunting Ground," which had been used in the 19th century by the Cowlitz and Nisqually tribes. "Indian Henry" was an Indian guide who accompanied James Longmire in his explorations of the area. The Indian Henry's area became a tourist destination with the 1908 establishment of the "Wigwam Camp," a tent camp which was abandoned in 1918. The area remained as a headquarters for backcountry patrols; the cabin was the first such facility in the park. 
The cabin is a one-story log structure with a broad front porch. The cabin measures by . It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 13, 1991. It is part of the Mount Rainier National Historic Landmark District, which encompasses the entire park and which recognizes the park's inventory of Park Service-designed rustic architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="31138621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138621" title="Leslie R. Fairn">
Leslie R. Fairn

Leslie Raymond Fairn (June 25, 1875 - August 13, 1971) was a Canadian architect whose career is notable for its longevity and for the range of styles it encompassed, including Beaux Arts and Modernism. Most of his work was completed in the Canadian Maritimes.
Biography.
He was born in Waterville, Nova Scotia, the oldest of three children of W. H. and Laura (Lyons) Fairn. His father was a schoolteacher. He was married twice, first to Bessie Maude (Tupper) Fairn (1880–1918 ) who died of Spanish Influenza and second to Ethel Elizabeth (Hutchinson) Fairn (1900–1982). He had two daughters from his first marriage and five children from his second.
He attended Acadia University and later studied architecture in Boston, later apprenticing with Edward Elliot in Halifax. Beginning about 1901, he earned a living as Principal of Drawing and Manual Training at Horton College (Acadia University) in Wolfville. One of his first commissions was the Kings County Courthouse, completed in nearby Kentville in 1903, and in 1904 he moved to Aylesford where he began to practice full time. He became a charter member of the Royal Architectural Institute of Canada (RAIC) in 1907 and was made a Fellow in 1939. He was also a founder of the Nova Scotia Association of Architects (NSAA).
In 1932 he moved to Wolfville where he continued to practice until his death at the age of 96. Meanwhile, around 1946 he opened an office in Halifax which was managed by his son Laird L. Fairn. This company handled large projects and was known as Leslie R. Fairn & Associates.
His career lasted 65 years, earning him the unofficial title of dean of Nova Scotia architects. 
His style ranged from Beaux Arts to Richardsonian Romanesque to Classical Revival and Modernism.
His brother, Clifford William Fairn, also practiced architecture, partnering with Charles Hay and designing several schools in Calgary between 1911 and 1914.

</doc>
<doc id="31138622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138622" title="Candidates of the New South Wales state election, 2011">
Candidates of the New South Wales state election, 2011

This article provides details on candidates for the 2011 New South Wales election, which was held on 26 March 2011.
Legislative Assembly.
Sitting members are shown in bold text. Successful candidates are highlighted in the relevant colour. Where there is possible confusion, an asterisk (*) is also used.
Legislative Council.
Sitting members are shown in bold text. Tickets that elected at least one MLC are highlighted in the relevant colour. Successful candidates are identified by an asterisk (*).
Unregistered parties and groups.
Some parties and groups that did not qualify for registration with the New South Wales Electoral Commission nevertheless endorsed candidates, who appeared on the ballot papers as independent or unaffiliated candidates.

</doc>
<doc id="31138633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138633" title="Bartlett L. Thane">
Bartlett L. Thane

Bartlett Lee "Bart" Thane (August 26, 1877 – November 7, 1927) was an American mining engineer who pioneered hydroelectric power in Juneau, Alaska. The world's first thin arch dam, Salmon Creek Dam, was constructed by Thane.
Early years.
Thane was born in Oakland, California, USA, in August 1877. His parents were Joseph E. Thane and Laura E. Thane. His father was a well-known orchardist from Niles, California. His maternal grandfather was Judge Harmon J. Tilden. Thane's sister was named Laura. He attended the University of California, Berkeley, where he graduated with a degree in mining engineering in 1899. While attending the university, he played college football and was the quarterback of the 1898 California Golden Bears football team that defeated Stanford in the "Big Game" for the first time by a score of 22 to 0. He was also a member of Skull and Keys and Kappa Alpha Order at Cal.
Career.
Thane first came to Alaska in 1897. He was hired by Herman T. Tripp to work at the Sumdum Chief Mine south of Juneau. He was the first superintendent of the Eagle River Mining Company (1903-1910), before becoming Managing Director of the Alaska-Gastineau Mining Company. By 1911, he had controlling interest in six Juneau area gold mines. In 1912, he took control of the Perseverance Mine and developed it into the world's largest. With the assistance of his former college football friends, Thane constructed Salmon Creek Dam, the world's first thin arch dam, in 1914.
In 1915, Thane and other mining and business executives established Juneau's first golf course, in the Mendenhall Valley. Between 1918 and 1919, Thane quit the Alaska-Gastineau Mining Company, moved to San Francisco, and then returned to the Alaska-Gastineau Mining Company. In 1921, after the Alaska-Gastineau Mine shut down, Thane attempted to develop his facilities for a new pulp mill, but a deal with Japanese investors failed in 1923.
Personal life.
In June 1902, Thane married Juliet Fay Blaine (born March 27, 1879) at Berkeley, California. They lived in what was to become the Wickersham State Historic Site on Chicken Ridge in Juneau during the period of 1914-1916, along with their daughter, also named Juliet Fay Thane (born August 2, 1906 in Juneau). Thane's sister Laura married James R. Whipple who became a business associate of Thane's.
In a Draft Registration Card completed in September 1918, Thane listed his permanent address as the Fairmont Hotel in San Francisco. He identified himself as a mining engineer with an office at San Francisco's Crocker Building. Also, in a 1923 passport application submitted of a trip to Japan, Korea, China and Australia, Thane listed San Francisco as his permanent residence. Thane died in New York City in 1927. Thane, Alaska, and Thane Road, on the Gastineau Channel, were named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="31138651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138651" title="The Review of Austrian Economics">
The Review of Austrian Economics

The Review of Austrian Economics (, ) is a scholarly journal published through Kluwer Academic Publishers.
Murray Rothbard founded and edited "The Review" which published ten volumes between 1987 and 1997. After Rothbard's 1995 death, Walter Block, Hans-Hermann Hoppe, and Joseph T. Salerno edited it for two years. It was published by Lexington Books and later Kluwer Academic Publishers. The Ludwig von Mises Institute then replaced "The Review" with the "Quarterly Journal of Austrian Economics".
"The Review of Austrian Economics" is now affiliated with George Mason University. In 1999 it began publication with Volume 11. The current editor is Peter J. Boettke of George Mason University. A number of Austrian economist academics serve on the Editorial Board.

</doc>
<doc id="31138663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138663" title="Escapade (1955 film)">
Escapade (1955 film)

Escapade is a 1955 British comedy drama film directed by Philip Leacock and starring John Mills, Yvonne Mitchell and Alastair Sim. It was based on a long-running West End play by Roger MacDougall.

</doc>
<doc id="31138669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138669" title="Annevig Schelde Ebbe">
Annevig Schelde Ebbe

Annevig Sifka Schelde Ebbe (born August 6, 1983) is a Danish actress and voice actor from Aarhus, Denmark.
She contributes to acting Danish language dubbing. She dubs characters from cartoons, movies, anime, and more. She also played Mary Jensen in the DR 1 canceled mini series The Kingdom. She dubs Stacy Hirano,Vanessa Doofensmirtz, and other characters from Phineas and Ferb. She is the current Danish dubber of May, and Dawn from Pokémon.

</doc>
<doc id="31138679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138679" title="Brice W. Goldsborough">
Brice W. Goldsborough

Brice W. Goldsborough II (1902–1971) was a Foreign Service officer and a son of a Governor of Maryland, Phillips Lee Goldsborough; and Mary Ellen Showell (?-1930). He had a brother, Phillips Lee Goldsborough II.

</doc>
<doc id="31138696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138696" title="Disc Installation">
Disc Installation

Robert Irwin is associated with the Modern Art movement and is best known for his Installation art. Philosophers influence Irwin’s work, such as Maurice Merleau-Ponty’s ideas of engagement and interaction between the physical world and people. Irwin reflects these ideas through his disc installations. From 1967-1969 he worked on this installation, which consists of convex discs made of metal and plastic. The discs hang on a wall and are illuminated by floodlights to create the illusion of no edges. It is a play on light, dark, shadows, and the space in which the discs lie in.
Inspiration.
The disc instillation was born from Robert Irwin’s previous works with lines and dots. He worked with lines (on canvas) from 1957 to 1964, but the “prepositional tendency had the effect of dribbling away the viewer’s presence before the canvas" (Robert Irwin). The lines led to the dots (many dots on a canvas ranging in colors which all met in the center creating the focal point), which he worked with from 1964 to 1967. But something about the dots didn’t sit right with Irwin. He began to question the use of the frame and edges. This led to his manipulation of light, dark, shadow, and the exhibition space, which gave the artwork the ability to “dissolve into its environment.”
Composition.
Irwin’s intention with the discs was to create a blending between light and dark resulting in an “evenness” while escaping the traditional confinements of a frame. The first experimental discs were made out of a translucent plastic to produce the least amount of contrast between the edges of the disc and the shadow the lights gave off. But it was a trial and error because the discs were too floppy to be used. It took a while searching in California for Irwin to find the right metal shop in downtown Los Angeles that was right for the job. The discs produced by this shop were made of a lightweight aluminum that were shaped by hand with the help of a machine “that consisted of just a soft-shaped steel plate and a drop hammer.” In the later years of Irwin’s work with the discs, he was able to create a plastic disc that wasn’t too floppy. To avoid the floppy problem, he used a double crowning technique which is essentially a bugle within a bulge.
The shape, three-dimensional convex circles, derived from the dot pieces. Irwin wanted them to be circular in order to avoid the corners a square or rectangle would produce. But instead of being flat it needed to be convex to deemphasize the edge. The disc was painted where the disc bulges out (point closest to the viewer) the same color as the wall (point furthest away from the viewer) to give it a floating effect. But the combination of convexity and color made it so the viewer had a difficult time determining whether the disc was convex, concave, or flat. (Originally he painted the discs with dots, but the way they turned out was unsatisfactory. He resorted to a spray painting technique, which allowed for the effect that minimized the visibility of the edge.)
The discs vary in size, but very little. (Examples of diameters: 60 3/8", 54 1/4”, 54”) They stretch out about 20 inches away from the wall.
The lighting needed for the pieces is very specific: “even, ambient, natural daylight, without any artificial supplementation.” But this lighting isn’t easy to obtain in every location, so although there are places that natural light can be used the most common light used is artificial. The artificial lighting consists of two lights on the floor and two lights on the ceiling that beam onto the disc. The shadows created by the disc are projected onto the wall to look like a “rosette of shadow.” At first, an Incandescent light bulb was used, but the yellow it produced was too warm for such a cool color of paint. Irwin moved onto Westinghouse, which was worse than the standard incandescent (in terms of yellowness). He settled on the next blub, Sylvania, which still produced a small amount of yellow. To solve the problem, a pale blue transparent filter was attached to the bulb resulting in a cool stream of light.
Towards Irwin’s last years of working with the discs he reintroduced the line into his work. He sliced a thin three-inch wide line through the middle of the discs to add a pop of color (the gray wall) and disrupt the minimalism.
Critical Acclaim.
“Shown correctly, Irwin’s discs are otherworldly. They seem to float ambiguously. It is the disc seeming to dematerialize or the shadows taking on volume? There is an eerie, fluid sense of density, object and shadow playing in and out of co presence. White becoming color becoming shadow of white. Self possession divulging itself.” –Lawrence Weschler commenting on Irwin’s discs
“Irwin emphasizes verbally that what he requires of the spectator is for him literally to ‘enact the process of the work’s conception’...There were of course serious problems arising out of the inevitable discrepancy between the artist’s stated demands and the actual uniformed confrontation with the works, which were, for one thing, exceedingly elegant and often ravishing beautiful; one was not necessarily inclined, at least consciously, to respond as searchingly as hoped.” –Jane Livingston’s essay on Irwin’s traveling exhibit of discs 1969
Irwin Quotes.
“You have to make it very clear to anyone who might read your essay, especially any young artist who might happen to pick it up, that my whole process was really an intuitive activity in which all of the time I was only putting one foot in front of the other, and that each step was not that resolved. Most of the time I didn’t have any idea where I was going; I had no real intellectual clarity as to what it was I thought I was doing. Usually it was just a straightforward commitment in terms of pursuing the particular problems or questions which had been raised in the doing of the work.” -Robert Irwin (artist)
“Visually it was very ambiguous which was more real, the object or its shadow. They were basically equal.”-Robert Irwin (artist), 1982 
Further reading.
Davies, Hugh Marlais, and Ronald J. Onorato. ' ' Blurring the Boundaries: Installation Art 1969-1996' ' : Diego, Museum of Contemporary Art, 22 Sept 1996 - 26 Jan 1997. San Diego: Museum of Contemporary Art, 1999. Print.
Irwin, Robert, Hugh Marlais Davies, and Leonard Feinstein. ' ' Robert Irwin: Primaries and Secondaries' ' San Diego, CA: Museum of Contemporary Art San Diego, 2008. Print.
Onarato, Ronald J., and Sarah E. Bremser. ' ' San Diego Museum of Contemporary Art: Selections from the Permanent Collection.' ' La Jolla, CA: Museum, 1990. Print.
Weschler, Lawrence. ' ' Seeing Is Forgetting the Name of the Thing One Sees: a Life of Contemporary Artist Robert Irwin.' ' Berkeley: University of California, 1982. Print.
External links.
1 MoMA artist bio
2 MoMA artwork description
3 MoMA press release
4 IMA artwork description
5 LACMA artwork description
6 Essay on series
7 Irwin bio
8 List of Irwin works' locations
9 Irwin piece for sale in 2006

</doc>
<doc id="31138698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138698" title="William Hawkland">
William Hawkland

William Dennis Hawkland (November 25, 1920 – November 7, 2004) was Chancellor of Louisiana State University from 1979 to 1989. Hawkland was also the holder of a Boyd Professorship at LSU.
A noted scholar of commercial transaction law and banking law, Hawkland graduated from the University of Minnesota Law School in 1947, and subsequently received an honorary Doctor of Laws degree from the University of Minnesota in 2005. He additionally taught law at the University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign, and was given the Homer Kripke Achievement Award by the American College of Commercial Finance Lawyers in 1997. He served as Dean of the SUNY Buffalo law school and taught law at Rutgers University, Temple University, and UCLA as well.
Personal life.
He resided in Baton Rouge, Louisiana and was married to Rosemary Neal Hawkland.

</doc>
<doc id="31138716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138716" title="Hallmark Guitars">
Hallmark Guitars

Hallmark Guitars is an American guitar manufacturer. The company was founded in 1966 by Joe Hall, formerly of Mosrite.
First incarnation, 1966-68.
During its first, short-lived existence, the company produced a series of guitars called the "Swept Wing," a rather "bizarre instrument," its only model. It first appeared as a semi-solidbody guitar; later a solid-body model and a 12-string version were made, even a double neck. The company declared bankruptcy in 1968.
Return of Hallmark.
Hallmark Guitars was restarted by Bob Shade, a guitar builder and enthusiast from Maryland, who acquired the rights to the name from Joe Hall in the late 1990s. On an individual basis, he builds Hallmarks out of his shop in Maryland; mass-produced Hallmark SweptWings are also available.

</doc>
<doc id="31138720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138720" title="Andrea Canning">
Andrea Canning

Andrea Mead Canning (born December 10, 1972) is a Canadian news reporter for NBC News. She was named a “Dateline” correspondent in October 2012 and also contributes to other NBC News platforms such as “Today,” “NBC Nightly News” and MSNBC.
Career.
She was previously a correspondent for ABC News from 2004 until April 2012, where she covered the White House, Congress, the Supreme Court and the Iraq War for ABC’s affiliate NewsOne. While at ABC News, Canning covered a wide array of stories ranging from crime stories and notable trials to the devastation of Hurricane Katrina and the Casey Anthony case. Her public profile was elevated considerably after she interviewed actor Charlie Sheen for "20/20" on February 28, 2011. The interview was subsequently used as the basis for a viral video that received more than 10 million views during its first 9 days on YouTube.
During her time at ABC News, Canning contributed to "Good Morning America," "Nightline," "World News With Diane Sawyer" and “20/20,” while regularly anchoring the early morning broadcasts, "World News Now" and "America This Morning." Canning also served as an alternate news reader for “Good Morning America”.
Her earlier assignments included work for WCPO-TV in Cincinnati as a reporter and co-anchor of the evening newscast. From 1999 to 2001 Canning worked for WPTV-TV in West Palm Beach, Florida and from 1997 to 1999 was a reporter and anchor for CKVR-TV in Barrie, Ontario. She was also the morning anchor for WXVT-CBS in Greenville, Mississippi. Prior to CKVR, from 1996 to 1997, Canning was an assignment editor for the tabloid TV show "Extra." While living in Los Angeles she was also an intern for Baywatch and shared a house with future media personality and host Ryan Seacrest.
Reared in Collingwood, Ontario, Canning discovered that she "liked being on-camera," while a Radio & Television Arts student at Ryerson University in Toronto. She graduated from the University of Western Ontario with a degree in psychology in 1994.
Personal life.
Canning has four daughters and is married to Tony Bancroft, a US Marine Corps pilot. They are now based in New York City. Andrea gave birth to daughter Charlotte Brewster Bancroft on May 19, 2010. Second daughter Anna Katherine was born in March 2009. A third daughter named Christina "Kiki" Margaret was born August 2, 2012 and a fourth daughter, Georgia Rapalje, was born February 27, 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="31138731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138731" title="Ipsut Creek Patrol Cabin">
Ipsut Creek Patrol Cabin

The Ipsut Creek Patrol Cabin was built by the United States National Park Service in 1933 in Mount Rainier National Park to house backcountry rangers. The log cabin resembles other cabins at Huckleberry Creek, Lake James and Three Lakes, all built to standard plans from the Park Service Branch of Plans and Designs, supervised by Acting Chief Architect W.G. Carnes. The cabin is approximately by , with a lean-to storage shed to the rear. 
The cabin was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 13, 1991. It is part of the Mount Rainier National Historic Landmark District, which encompasses the entire park and which recognizes the park's inventory of Park Service-designed rustic architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="31138791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138791" title="Marc Van Audenrode">
Marc Van Audenrode

Marc A. Van Audenrode, Ph.D., (born March 10, 1961), is a Managing Principal at Analysis Group, the largest privately held economic consulting firm in the United States, and an adjunct professor at Université de Sherbrooke. 
Dr. Van Audenrode is an expert on labor economics and specializes in antitrust law, econometrics, and public economics. His research has been published in numerous peer-reviewed academic journals. He has also written articles for trade journals and is a frequent presenter at industry and academic conferences. Dr. Van Audenrode is a co-author of "The Mutual Fund Industry: Competition and Investor Welfare" (Columbia Business School Publishing, 2010).
Career.
Dr. Van Audenrode is an economic consultant and researcher, and has held teaching and department positions at Université du Québec à Montréal (UQAM) and Université Laval. He joined Analysis Group in 2003, as a vice president in the Canadian office. He is now a managing principal.
Education.
During his undergraduate years, Dr. Van Audenrode pursued two bachelor's degrees, in economics and law, at Université catholique de Louvain, in Belgium. He then obtained a master's degree in economics from the same university, before continuing his education in the United States. He obtained a master's degree in economics from the University of California, Los Angeles, and a Ph.D. in economics from the University of California, Berkeley under the direction of Nobel prize winner George Akerlof .
Published Works.
“"The Mutual Fund Industry: Competition and Investor Welfare"” with R. Glenn Hubbard, Michael Koehn, Stanley Ornstein, and Jimmy Royer; Columbia Business School Publishing, April 2010.
“The Impact of Drug Vintage on Patient Survival: A Patient Level Analysis Using Quebec’s Provincial Health Plan Data” with Frank Lichtenberg, Paul Grootendorst, Patrick Lefebvre, and Dominic Latremouille-Viau; "Value in Health", Vol. 12, Issue 6, pp. 847–856, September 2009.
“Les besoins (quasi) illimités des familles ” in "Le Québec, un paradis pour les Familles?" Luc Godbout et Suzie St-Cerny, eds. Presses de l’université Laval. 2008.
“The Relative Dosing of Epoetin Alfa and Darbepoetin Alfa in Chronic Kidney Disease” with Pierre-Yves Cremieux and Patrick Lefebvre; "Current Medical Research and Opinion", Vol. 22, pp. 2329–2336, 2006.
“Border Regulations and Migratory Flows” in "Social and Labour Market Aspects of North American Linkages," Richard G. Harris et Thomas Lemieux, eds., University of Calgary Press, 2005.
“Where Does the Canadian Debt Come From? A Comment” in “Is the Debt War Over ?” Chris Ragan and Bill Watson, eds. IRPP, 2004.
“Sous-traitance, emploi et salaires.” with Pierre Fortin. "Revue Gestion". Vol. 29, No 2, pp. 33–38, 2004.
“Double blind, Placebo-Controlled, Randomized Phase II Trial of Darbepoetin Alfa in Lung Cancer Patients Receiving Chemotherapy: A Comment” "Journal of the National Cancer Institute", Vol. 95, pp. 761–762, 2003.
“Les perspectives à moyen terme du marché du travail au Québec,” L’Actualité économique, Vol. 78, No. 4, 2002.
“Worker Displacement in Belgium and Denmark” with Karsten Albæk and Martin Browning in "Worker Displacement in an International Context," Peter Kuhn, ed. W.E. Upjohn Institute for Employment Research, 2002.
“Trade and the economics of Winners and Losers,” Acts of the 1998 Seminar on Incomes and Productivity in North America. Commission for Labor Cooperation, Dallas, Texas. 1999
“Introduction à la micro-économie moderne” with Michael Parkin and Robin Bade. Éditions du Renouveau Pédagogique. 1999
“Compensations Policies and Firm Productivity” with Jonathan Leonard and Benoit Mulkay in "The Creation and Analysis of Matched Employer-Employee Data", J. Haltiwanger et Al., eds., North-Holland. 1999.
“Exploring the Links Between Wage Inequality and Unemployment: A Comparison of Canada and the U.S.” with Paul Storer. "Canadian Public Policy", Vol XXIV, pp. 233–253, February 1998.
“Job Security Provisions: Everybody’s favorite scapegoat” "World Economic Affairs", Spring 1997.
“Optimal Contract, Imperfect Output Observation and Limited Liability” with Jacques Lawarrée. "The Journal of Economic Theory", Vol. 71, pp. 514–531. 1996.
“Rent Sharing in the Airline Industry: Evidence from Mergers and Acquisitions” with Pierre-Yves Crémieux. "Labour", Vol. 10, No. 2, pp. 297–318. 1996
“Is the US/Canada Unemployment Gap Truly Large? A Labor Flow Analysis” with Pierre-Yves Cremieux in "Flow Analysis of Labor Markets", Ronald Schettkat, ed. Rutledge.
“Worker’s Limited Liability, Turnover, and Employment Contracts” with Jonathan Leonard. Annales d’Economie et de Statistique, Vol. 41-42, 1996, pp. 41–77.
“Some Myths about Monetary Policy” in "Unnecessary Debts". Lars Osberg and Pierre Fortin, eds. Lorimer, 1996; reprinted in “Hard Money, Hard Times”, Lars Osberg and Pierre Fortin, eds. Lorimer, 1998.
“Unemployment Insurance Take-up Rates in Canada: Facts, Determinants and Implications” with Paul Storer. "Canadian Journal of Economics", Vol. XXVIII, No. 4a, November 1995, pp. 822–835.
“Job Displacement, Wages and Unemployment Duration in Canada” with Mario Houle. "Labour Economics", Vol. 2, No. 1, March 1995, pp. 77–92.
“Perspectives de réinsertion professionnelle des travailleurs déplacés peu éduqués” with Paul Storer. In “Intégration à l’emploi des personnes défavorisées.” Les Publications du Québec, 1995, pp. 205–220.
“Short Hours Compensation, Job Security and Employment Contracts: Evidence from Selected OECD Countries.” Journal of Political Economy, Vol. 102, No. 1, February 1994, pp. 76–102. 
“Politiques industrielles et dynamique du marché du travail en Belgique” with Jonathan Leonard. Reflets et Perspectives de la Vie Economique. Vol. XXXIII, February 1994, pp. 73–86
“Corporatism Run Amok: Job Stability and Industrial Policy in Belgium and the United States” with Jonathan Leonard. "Economic Policy", Vol. 17, October 1993, pp. 355–400. Reprinted in “Industrial Policy and Competitive Advantage,” David B. Audretsch, ed., London: Edward Elgar. (1997)
“Création et destruction d’emplois et chômage: Le cas belge” with Benoît Mulkay. "Economie et Prévisions", Vol. 108, No. 2, April 1993, pp. 19–30.
“Cost Observation, Auditing, and Limited Liability” with Jacques Lawarrée. Economics Letters, Vol. 39, August 1992, pp. 419–423.
“Marché du travail et chômage: Diagnostic socio-économique du cas belge” Reflets et Perspectives de la Vie Economique, Vol. 35, No. 6, 1987.
“Use of Economic Surveys in Forecasting” with M.A. Benito-Alonso et Benoit Hallet. Proceedings of International Conference on System Science and Engineering, Cheng Weimin, ed. International Academic Publishers, 1988. 
“Arbitration Models for Solving Multi Objective Optimization” with M.A. Benito-Alonso and F. Condis. Lecture Notes in Mathematical Economics, Vol. 285, 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="31138807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138807" title="Crowd Scene">
Crowd Scene

Crowd Scene is an album by jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in 1989 and released on the Italian Soul Note label.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4 stars stating "there are some rambling moments on these lengthy performances, both of which clock in at over 25 minutes. Still, it is often fascinating to hear what the musicians come up with during these go-for-broke improvisations". 

</doc>
<doc id="31138877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138877" title="1969 American 500">
1969 American 500

The 1969 American 500 was a NASCAR Grand National Series race that took place on October 26, 1969 at Rockingham, North Carolina's North Carolina Motor Speedway.
It took four hours and twenty-eight minutes to resolve 492 laps with LeeRoy Yarbrough emerging over David Pearson by 1½ laps. The other drivers in the top ten were: Buddy Baker, Dave Marcis, John Sears, Dick Brooks, Hoss Ellington, Ed Negre, Wendell Scott, and Neil Castles. Seven cautions were handed out by NASCAR officials for 66 laps. More than 33,000 people would attend this live racing event. Charlie Glotzbach would qualify for the pole position with a speed of while the average race speed was .
John Kennedy would receive the last-place finish due to a one-car crash on lap 17. This would be the 51st race out of the 54 officially sanctioned racing events of the 1969 NASCAR Grand National Series in addition to being the first race done with the present-day configuration for North Carolina Motor Speedway. Lennie Pond would make his NASCAR debut here.

</doc>
<doc id="31138880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138880" title="Klara Berkovich">
Klara Berkovich

Klara Yefimovna Berkovich (née Gordion, born 19 May 1928) is a Soviet and American violinist and master violin teacher who divided her career between the Soviet Union and the United States.
Early years.
Klara Berkovich was born in Odessa, Ukraine (then part of the Soviet Union), the only child of Yefim Josefovich Gordion, a machinist, and Adele Raphaelovna Tesler, a teacher of Russian language and literature. A cosmopolitan city, Odessa was becoming a hotbed of Soviet violinists, thanks largely to Pyotr Stolyarsky and his disciples, who perfected a pedagogical method for teaching children from ages as young as four. Nathan Milstein, David Oistrakh, Boris Goldstein, Elizabeth Gilels, and Mikhail Fikhtengoltz would all emerge from Odessa, along with many others.
In 1934, Klara at age 7 began to study violin at Special Music School No. 1 with Viktor Karakes, a former student of Stolyarsky who in addition to teaching played in theatre orchestras. Alongside her musical studies, Klara pursued regular academic studies in the public schools of Odessa.
During WWII.
World War II threw Odessa into turmoil. When Klara was 13, the German army invaded the Ukrainian SSR and the Soviet Union was drawn into World War II on the side of the Allies. Needing soldiers, the Soviet army conscripted many ordinary citizens from Odessa, among them Yefim Gordion, Klara’s father, who was 49 years old. The family never saw him again.
As Nazi forces closed on Odessa, Klara and her mother—knowing the danger they faced as Jews—fled by ship on 12 August 1941, across the Black Sea. Seeking sanctuary, they wound up in the village of Kafkas, where they stayed for a year. During that time Klara taught her first violin student.
In August 1942, with the Germans advancing more deeply into the Soviet Union, Klara and her mother left Kafkas on foot. Moving to the east and north and traveling alone, they walked, hitchhiked, jumped freight trains, and slept in train stations and city squares. As they moved, part of a great tide of travelers, they survived by taking odd jobs and by selling Mrs. Gordion's wedding ring and all else they could spare. In two months on the road, they covered more than 1500 miles. They arrived in the Siberian town of Novosibirsk in October, just before winter 1942. It was already so cold that the milk froze on the streets.
Mother and daughter remained in Novosibirsk until the end of World War II, a period of nearly three years. Klara attended public high school in Novosobirsk for her academic work and resumed musical studies in the Novosibirsk Special Music School. There her new violin professor was Josef Gutmann, a fine and experienced teacher who had fled Kiev for Siberia to escape the Germans. Gutmann refined her playing along lines of greater ease and relaxation and prepared her for conservatory studies.
In Post-war Odessa.
In 1945 the war ended, and Klara graduated from high school in Novosibirsk. With the Nazis defeated and departed, she and her mother returned to find a devastated Odessa. Klara, now 17, auditioned for the Odessa Conservatory. She was admitted as a student of Leonid Lembersky, a renowned pedagogue and former student of Stolyarsky who concertized widely as a soloist and chamber musician in the Ukraine. In addition to his conservatory students, Lembersky also taught several students in the elite Stolyarsky Academy. (Lembersky’s daughter, Suzanna Lemberskaya, was for a time a student of Klara’s; she later became a pianist and opera coach with the San Francisco and Pittsburgh operas.)
Under Lembersky, Klara Gordion pursued a five-year program that led to her Master’s degree in Chamber Music and Teaching in 1951, at the age of 23. The year she graduated, she won a section position as first violinist in the Orchestra of the Odessa Theatre of Opera and Ballet.
In Leningrad.
After two years in the Odessa opera orchestra, Klara met Adam Adolfovich Berkovich, a 25-year-old army engineer who was visiting his parents in Odessa. They had known each other slightly as children, and soon they married. Adam was based in Leningrad, so Klara and her mother left Odessa and joined him there.
Arriving in the city in 1953, Klara Berkovich wanted to teach, but she lacked connections in the music community. When she applied to the civic authorities for a position in the city’s music schools, she was told there were no local openings for inexperienced candidates. There was, however, a vacancy in Vyborg, a formerly Finnish town six hours to the north by train. She took the job. Every Wednesday she caught the midnight train to Vyborg, taught children Thursday through Saturday, and returned to Leningrad on the Saturday overnight. At the end of the school year her work was examined by the musical authorities in Leningrad, and she was awarded a permanent teaching position at the Special School for the Musically Gifted in the Leningrad borough of Petrograd.
At that Special School, from 1954 to 1978, Klara Berkovich focused on students in grades 1-8, preparing them for admission to the elite preparatory high school of the Leningrad Conservatory. Over that time she became one of the most esteemed teachers of young violinists in the city. Among her many students in Leningrad were Katia Borkhsenius, Olga Mardkovich, Yudif Yofah, Marina Klurfeld, and Leonid Berkovich.
Decision to emigrate.
In April 1978, Adele Gordion, Klara’s mother, died at the age of 84. This happened at a time when the Soviet Union was briefly loosening its emigration restrictions for Jews. The Berkoviches had long thought that their two boys would have greater opportunities if they started a new life elsewhere. After looking into the support available outside the Soviet Union for emigrating Jews, they decided to emigrate. To sidestep being dismissed for disloyalty, Mrs. Berkovich, with 25 years of teaching experience and eligible for a pension, quietly retired from her job in December 1978. Immediately thereafter Adam, as the head of the family, applied to emigrate with his wife and their two sons—and received the routine harangue at work before being fired.
After a four-month wait in Leningrad, in March 1979 the Berkoviches obtained visas and left for Vienna, Austria. They were permitted to carry out of the Soviet Union three suitcases for their family of four. Mrs. Berkovich's violin was judged too valuable to be permitted to leave the country, so she gave it to her student Lena Ilyichova. Her son’s violin, however, was deemed cheap enough to go with him. After two months in Vienna, where Jewish aid organizations assisted them, the Berkoviches traveled to a suburb of Rome, Italy, where they waited weeks more for entry visas to arrive from the United States.
In Baltimore.
In June 1979, the Berkovich family flew to Baltimore, Maryland. Klara Berkovich and her husband were 51; their sons were 20 and 24. Her entire vocabulary in English consisted of three sentences: “My name is Klara.” “I come from Leningrad.” “I am a violin teacher.”
With no musical contacts in the Baltimore community, Mrs. Berkovich began to study English and taught violin to the children of other Soviet immigrants in the Jewish community for free. When she thought they were ready, she formed her studio into a performing group that played together in synagogues, schools, at open-air fairs—anywhere they could get a hearing. After nine months of teaching in Baltimore, Berkovich invited the director of the Peabody Conservatory’s preparatory division, Lynn Taylor Hebden, to come to a performance. After the concert, Ms. Hebden offered scholarship aid at the Peabody Preparatory to the students and a part-time teaching job to Berkovich, with her initial responsibility being to continue teaching those students under the auspices of the Prep.
In September 1980, Berkovich was assigned her first English speaking students and became a regular part-time instructor at the Peabody Preparatory. Shortly thereafter, she found a second part-time position, this one giving violin lessons to talented students from several public schools in Baltimore at two locations: City College High School and Roland Park Elementary School. This teaching was part of the program of the Baltimore Talent Education Center (BTEC), a city-wide magnet program. Travel was required between the two locations, so at age 52 Mrs. Berkovich bought a used car and learned to drive.
Her part-time status lasted less than a year. In May 1981, both the Peabody Prep and BTEC invited her to join their faculties as a regular teacher and offered her full benefits. In addition she maintained a studio of private students in her home, and in 1984 she added summer teaching when she joined the faculty of a Baltimore children’s workshop called the Bryn Mawr String Camp. In the summer of 1985, one of the smallest students in her elementary class at the camp was a 5-year-old Suzuki beginner named Hilary Hahn, who a few months later entered Berkovich's studio at the Peabody Preparatory.
Approach to teaching.
Hilary Hahn would later describe Berkovich's teaching in interviews. "I studied with her for five years at Peabody Prep. She taught me how to draw my bow, how to play double stops, vibrato, pizzicato—basically everything you need to know to play the violin. She also taught me the basics of phrasing, so I knew what to do with a phrase and how to make something interesting." Among other things, Berkovich used to tell Hahn, “You only have to practice on the days you eat,” and "what shows a true musician is that you can sustain a long line in a slow section." Others recalled Berkovich speaking to children about upcoming performances: "When you perform, you're the hostess. The members of the audience are the guests you invite into your house. You give them the gift of the performance... The idea is that it's important to get the piece across well so that the people can enjoy it more. The fun of it is the fun of sharing something you can do well." 
Berkovich also stressed the importance of a positive learning environment. Interviewed in the Baltimore Sun, she said, "I know many children who are very gifted. But if the children are not taught how to organize themselves, how to work, how to be goal-oriented, then their talent does not become realized." And she paid close attention to the capacity of her students. Describing her work with Hilary Hahn, she told the Sun, "'She was 5 when I met her... She played me a song with four lines that was a minute and a half long. Five and a half years later, she played a solo recital with a program that took more than an hour... Hilary has the gift of nature. She is musical. And she is a bright child, always with a book... Well-organized with a long span of concentration. Diligent. I never told her two times the same thing. Whatever I told her, it was done for the next lesson, sometimes with extra... And when she was progressing so fast, I would tell her parents, 'I'm afraid to push too much, she's still 6, 7! Doesn't she complain it's too hard for her?' But it was never too much. I cannot say she was ever overworked." 
Later years.
In the United States, Mrs. Berkovich’s reputation as a teacher grew quickly, supported both by the playing of her students and by her clear and musical way of teaching in repertoire and master classes throughout the Mid-Atlantic region. In May 1989, she was named “String Teacher of the Year” by the Maryland/D.C. chapter of the American String Teachers Association. In 1990 Klara Berkovich retired from teaching at the Baltimore Talent Education Center, and in 1992 she retired from the Peabody Preparatory. She maintained a small private studio of students well into her 80s.

</doc>
<doc id="31138904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138904" title="Jesse Bullington">
Jesse Bullington

Jesse Bullington is an American fantasy writer from Boulder, Colorado.
Bullington grew up in Pennsylvania, before his family moved to the Netherlands, and then back to the United States. In 2000, Bullington received his high school diploma from SAIL High School, an arts-focused magnet school in Tallahassee, Florida. In 2005, he obtained a double bachelor's degree in literature and history from Florida State University.
He is the author of two novels, "Sad Tale of the Brothers Grossbart" and "The Enterprise of Death", both published by Orbit Books. Most recently he is the author of a novel entitled "The Folly of the World". His novels all use a picaresque, darkly humorous theme, and include large elements of satire. His novels are heavily informed by his love of the Gothic novel and by his passion for medieval European literature and history.

</doc>
<doc id="31138931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138931" title="Avon View High School">
Avon View High School

Avon View High School (AVHS) is a secondary school located in Windsor, Hants County, Nova Scotia, Canada. It serves students from grades 10 to 12. The school currently provides education services for approximately 900 students in the Windsor, Nova Scotia area. The school currently employs 70-80 teachers, administration and janitorial staff, and is operated as one of the 43 schools in the Annapolis Valley Regional School Board. 
Mission Statement.
Avon View High School challenges students to strive for their academic, social, emotional, and physical best. In a courteous, respectful, and safe environment, Avon View provides opportunities with responsibilities shared by students, staff, home, and community. 
Student Council.
Avon View currently has a student council, which is responsible for aiding the administration in the regulation of extra curricular activities at the school. The council is divided into 5 categories. Co-Primes, who are responsible for heading the group, Finance, which is responsible for maintaining the budget, Athletics, which is responsible for organizing extra curricular sports activities, Communications, which is responsible for advertising the actions of the group, and Special Events, who are responsible for organizing activities within the school, such as Avon View's monthly dances. The student council is formed by the process of election by the students of Avon View. 

</doc>
<doc id="31138952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138952" title="Al-Isra University">
Al-Isra University

Al-Isra University (جامعة الإسراء) is a private university in Amman, Jordan. It was established in 1989, the first scholastic year started in fall 1991. The university offers the Bachelor of Science (B.Sc) degree in eight majors, and graduate degrees in Law, Pharmaceutical sciences, and Engineering management. It is accredited by the Jordanian Ministry of Higher Education and Scientific Research.
External links.
"Bold text"https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Al-Isra_University&action=edit#

</doc>
<doc id="31138971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138971" title="Lake George Patrol Cabin">
Lake George Patrol Cabin

The Lake George Patrol Cabin was built in 1934 by the National Park Service in Mount Rainier National Park as a backcountry patrol station and hiker's shelter. The single-story wood-frame building measures about by . Initially intended as a horse barn, it was converted for ranger accommodation, replacing a 1921 structure. The first cabin survived until 1969, when it was destroyed by a falling tree. 
The cabin was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 13, 1991. It is part of the Mount Rainier National Historic Landmark District, which encompasses the entire park and which recognizes the park's inventory of Park Service-designed rustic architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="31138983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138983" title="Porter Robinson">
Porter Robinson

Porter Weston Robinson (born July 15, 1992) is an American electronic music producer and DJ from Chapel Hill, North Carolina. Robinson has registered multiple number one singles across different electronic genres. His highly anticipated album "Worlds" is expected to exhibit a shift in style.
Biography.
Robinson began producing at the age of 12, achieving international stardom by the time he was 18. Viewed as one of America's forefront electronic producers, he has been named 7th in the "Billboard" 21 under 21 list, # 1 in InTheMix's 25 under 25 list, and 5th in DJ Times' 2013 ranking for America's Best DJ. Three of Robinson's records reached number one on Beatport's overall chart before the time he was 21.
He currently lives in his hometown of Chapel Hill, North Carolina.
Music production.
A self-taught producer, Robinson originally released a variety of original singles on Glamara Records and Big Fish Recordings in 2010. His first single, "Say My Name" reached #1 on Beatport's Electro House chart.
In the summer of 2011 he signed a one-EP deal with OWSLA, a new label operated by Skrillex, to release the eleven-track "Spitfire". As the first release on OWSLA, it reached number one on the iTunes Dance chart as well as on Beatport's overall chart, crashing Beatport's servers upon release.
Robinson next released a single, "Language", on April 10, 2012 through Big Beat Records in North America, and Ministry of Sound everywhere else. The song quickly shot to the #1 overall chart position on Beatport as well as the iTunes Dance chart. The single was premiered initially via a live BBC Radio 1 Essential Mix on January 27. The music video, directed by Jodeb, was released via Ministry of Sound's YouTube channel on August 1, 2012.
He co-wrote Zedd's US Top 10 hit "Clarity", where he also sang backing vocals on this song.
On December 17, 2012, a collaborative single with Mat Zo entitled "Easy" was pre-released exclusively on Beatport by Ministry of Sound, and spent two entire weeks as the #1 overall song on the Beatport Top 100 chart. The full official release occurred in Spring 2013, and was accompanied by an animated music video.
Robinson has been commissioned for official remixes by artists including Lady Gaga (Interscope Records) and Avicii (Ministry of Sound),
Porter's debut studio album "Worlds" will be released through Astralwerks and Virgin EMI on August 12, 2014.
He made his official vocal debut on his new single "Sad Machine".
On June 21, 2014, Robinson made his second appearance on the BBC Radio 1 Essential Mix. He played music that he had favorited over the last few months, as well as playing his own unreleased tracks.
Touring.
Robinson has toured internationally as a headliner and played main-stage at the world's biggest electronic festivals. He has toured alongside Tiesto, Skrillex, and Deadmau5, the latter telling USA Today, "Porter Robinson plans, produces, and plays his own music...Being a DJ generally means being a human iPod. Porter is an authentic artist."
His rise to prominence on the touring circuit began in 2011 when he performed at major music festivals including Ultra Music Festival, Electric Daisy Carnival, Electric Zoo, South by Southwest, and many more. 2011 also saw Robinson giving direct support to Skrillex on the OWSLA and Project Blue Book tour, and Tiesto on the College Invasion Tour, before he began a run of headline dates across clubs in North America for his "Spitfire Tour". A mini-documentary focusing on Robinson was recorded from this tour, broadcast on MTV's television network, and uploaded to his YouTube channel.
Robinson kicked off the following year by performing an Essential Mix that was broadcast live from Hull City Hall, January 28, 2012 on BBC Radio 1 during his first trip to the UK. Shortly after, he announced his first major European headline tour dubbed "The Spitfire Tour Europe", which visited clubs in many cities across the continent over the course of 6 weeks. In June 2012 he embarked on a large, 31-date headline bus tour of North America called The Language Tour, which featured support from Mat Zo and The M Machine.
In September and October 2012, Robinson and close friend Zedd co-headlined the Poseidon Back-To-Back Tour. Robinson also played numerous worldwide festivals that year including Tomorrowland, Coachella, Creamfields, Future Music Festival, Ultra Music Festival, Electric Daisy Carnival, Lollapalooza, Stereosonic, Electric Zoo, and Mystery Land.
Porter kicked off the 2013 festival season by playing the main stage of Ultra Music Festival, and played many more including Bonnaroo, Creamfields, Wireless Festival, Global Gathering, Tomorrowland, Fuji Rock Festival, and at X-Games Brazil.
He is expected to headline a tour for his debut album in 2014, which is expected to heavily utilize live elements.

</doc>
<doc id="31138991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138991" title="Oleku (Ice Prince song)">
Oleku (Ice Prince song)

"Oleku" is an Afrobeat song by Nigerian rapper and recording artist Ice Prince, featuring Brymo. It was released by Chocolate City on June 8, 2010. It is the first single from his debut studio album "Everybody Loves Ice Prince", and the third overall single released by the rapper.
Upon its release, the song became an instant success, gaining positive reviews from music lovers. The song was one of the most popular songs of 2010 along with Naeto C's "Ten Over Ten" and D'banj's "Scapegoat". The song helped popularize the Minna native. Until the release of "Oleku", Ice Prince was relatively unknown.
Background, meaning, and composition.
During a visit to Tim Westwood's BBC Radio 1xtra show, Ice Prince said "Oleku" means 'hard and strong'. In an interview with Factory 78 Tv, Ice Prince was asked about the recording process of "Oleku". His response was: "First of all, what happened was, at the time Chocolate City was on my neck to submit my single because they've released M.I, they've released Jesse. What they were supposed to release next is Ice Prince. They were on my neck for my single and there was no single. So, I got a beat from my friend. His name is Sarz. He gave me a beat and the first thing that came to my head when I was writing was "She feeling me boy yeah, she feeling me boy". That sounded good. I was writing it in the studio, just trying to write verses to that. Jesse came in and heard me singing that. Jesse started playing the chords to what I was singing and I like it. So we just put on the system, he recorded the whole instrument. Between God and men, Jesse made the whole beat under 30 minutes. He made it and stepped out of the studio. I wrote it there and thought I needed more melodies for soul. I started composing in my head...I wanted to put Yoruba words to that so I called Brymo to the studio, we sat down together, put our heads together and we wrote it. It came out the way it was. But I didn't expect it to be this big, trust me...I thought that it was an okay song...It wasn't even going to come out as my first single, but because the demand was too much, I needed to put it out real quick so we just tested it out on the internet. From the internet, it just went everywhere."
Music video.
The music video for the single has eclipsed the 2.5 million views mark on Youtube. M.I, Jesse Jagz, and Wizkid made cameo appearances in the music video. Prior to the release of the official music video, an unauthorized release of the unfinish music video surfaced on the internet. During the aforementioned interview, Ice Prince shed light on the situation. He said: "It was a very terrible situation for me. I was very depressed that period. The first cut that my director submitted leaked out. When he submitted it, I didn't like it and my record label didn't like it so we sent it back to him and asked him to redo it and which he did. What happen was, because we're all scattered, he sent us the link. He sent it on a private link and we got it and watched it. Unfortunately for us, someone got their hands on the private link. I don't know how. We emailed 4shared and they said they were going to get back to us, blah, blah, blah. We've not sorted it out up to now but it just went out like that. It was very very depressing."
Accolades.
The song won an award for "Hottest Single of the Year" at the 2011 Nigeria Entertainment Awards. The music video for "Oleku" was nominated for "Best Contemporary Afro Video" at the 2011 Nigeria Music Video Awards (NMVA). Moreover, it won the "Most Gifted Newcomer Video" award at the 2011 Channel O Music Video Awards. "Oleku" won the "Song of the Year" award at the 2011 City People Entertainment Awards, and was nominated for "Song of the Year" at the 2010 Dynamix All Youth Awards. Furthermore, "Oleku" won "Best Rap Single" and "Song of the Year" at The Headies 2011. Ice Prince was nominated in the "Next Rated", "Lyricist on the Roll", and "Best Collaboration" categories at The Headies 2011.
Track listing, covers, and remixes.
Since the official release of "Oleku" in 2010, numerous remixes and cover versions have been released. "Oleku" is one of Nigeria's most remixed songs of all time. "Oleku" was covered by Kagwe Mungai, Vector, Mugeez, Victoria Kimani, Sarkodie, and Yung6ix, among others. 

</doc>
<doc id="31138995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31138995" title="Affirmations (film)">
Affirmations (film)

Affirmations is a ten minute short film exploring black gay sexuality as well as the inclusion of black gays in the black community. The film was produced by Marlon Riggs and released in 1990.
Synopsis.
"Affirmations" begins with a gay, black man recounting his first night with a lover. The man’s name is Reginald T. Jackson. The story begins with Jackson sitting at a bar. The man sitting next to him wanted to pick him up, but Jackson did not want to go. When the man began to cry as he remembered a past lover, Jackson gave in and allowed himself to go home with the other man. They ended up making love the next morning. Jackson says, “It was the best experience I have ever had.”
"Affirmations" moves from Jackson’s story to Harlem’s African American Freedom Day. African American Freedom Day is a parade celebrating African American tradition. "Affirmations" documentation of the parade begins with mainstream images of Black culture. Drums, flutes and African American war veterans are all shown marching down the street in the parade. Portraits of Martin Luther King Jr., Frederick Douglass and Malcolm X are filmed floating down the center of the parade. Then a group of gay, black men come down the parade line. They are shouting, “Homophobia has to go!”
They are followed by the Minority Task Force on AIDS. The film then documents a black man yelling at the pro-gay African American group from the side of the street. He screams, “You are not part of the African tradition.”
The following messages are then displayed in text on the screen: I dream a world where homosex, desire, affection, love, no longer invite prosecution. I dream an end to silences that kill. I dream a slave song, a freedom anthem, voices, ancient, yet alive, lifting my life, yours, to new visions of liberation. I dream freedom, no longer needing to ask or witness what happens to dreams deferred? 
As the text fades out the film concludes with gay African Americans expressing their dreams for kinship and the right to be included in the Black community. While they reveal their wishes, Hallelujah! plays in the background.
Analysis.
Marlon T. Riggs wrote in his essay “Tongues Retied”, which defended his documentary "Tongues Untied", that his works “unabashedly celebrate” African American gay culture. This cannot be denied with Reginald T. Jackson’s recount of the first time he made love with another man. Jackson is in no way embarrassed to share his first experience making love with another man. It is, in effect, “normalizing” the gay experience.
During the African American Freedom Parade images of Malcolm X are shown alongside Martin L. King Jr. and Frederick Douglas. Although Marlon T. Riggs has often criticized the Black Nationalist agenda for excluding queerness from blackness, in his essay "Black Macho Revisited" Marlon T. Riggs defends Malcolm X after he got involved with the Nation of Islam for adopting a more multicultural view of the black community. 
Marlon T. Riggs has often questioned how the black community, which was subject to exclusion from the white community for generations, could exclude its queer members. In "Affirmations" Marlon T. Riggs uses phrases commonly associated with the Black Civil Rights Movement (Langston Hughes’ “dreams deferred” or Martin Luther King’s “I have a dream”). This demonstrates to the audience that the struggles Blacks went through parallels the struggles queer African Americans are going through.
Dedication.
"Afirmations" was dedicated to the memory of Gene Garth. Gene Garth was an actor who starred in Marlon T. Riggs’ film "Tongues Untied".

</doc>
<doc id="31139000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139000" title="Washington Silva">
Washington Silva

Washington Silva is a Brazilian name, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31139033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139033" title="Harvey Thomas">
Harvey Thomas

Harvey Thomas was an American luthier who built a number of distinctive guitars in the 1960s.
Thomas was based in Kent, Washington, where he built guitars apparently uninfluenced by any other guitar builder. It included a cross-shaped guitar (called the Maltese), a triangular one (the Mandarin), and "the deranged mutations of the Mod and the Riot King." Thomas custom-built guitars as well, both electric and acoustic, including a number of enormous hollow-body guitars.

</doc>
<doc id="31139052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139052" title="1960 Atlanta 500">
1960 Atlanta 500

The 1960 Atlanta 500 was a NASCAR Grand National Series event that took place on October 30, 1960, at Atlanta International Raceway which was in the Atlanta suburb of Hampton, Georgia.
Thirty thousand spectators would attend this live spectacle where Bobby Johns (in his 1960 Pontiac Catalina) would defeat Johnny Allen (in his 1960 Chevrolet Bel Air). The race itself took four hours and thirty-six minutes to fully resolve 334 laps; with speeds averaging . Fireball Roberts would qualify for the pole position with a speed of . The other top ten finishers were: Jim Paschal, Speedy Thompson, Rex White (officially declared the Grand National Champion that year), Lee Petty, Richard Petty, Joe Weatherly, Bob Welborn, and Fred Lorenzen.
Bill Gazaway would receive the last-place finish for his collision involving the rear end of his 1960 Oldsmobile vehicle on the first lap of the race; making for the shortest NASCAR career in its history. LeeRoy Yarbrough would make his first NASCAR career start here; finishing in 33rd due to a crash on lap 60. The fewest amount of lead changes were committed here; this record would be officially tied with the 1961 Dixie 400 the following year.

</doc>
<doc id="31139059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139059" title="Oleku">
Oleku

Oleku may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31139072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139072" title="Ng Chin-Keong">
Ng Chin-Keong

Ng Chin-Keong () was Professor of Chinese History at the National University of Singapore until his retirement in 2006. He was also the Director of the Chinese Heritage Centre between 2004 and 2006. He is a Singapore citizen by birth and obtained his B.A. in history from the Nanyang University. After working as a teacher for several years, he completed his M.A. from the University of Wisconsin-Madison and his Ph.D. in Chinese history at the Australian National University where he was a student of Wang Gungwu. 

</doc>
<doc id="31139073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139073" title="List of Kentucky Wildcats head football coaches">
List of Kentucky Wildcats head football coaches

The Kentucky Wildcats college football team represents the University of Kentucky in the East Division of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). The Wildcats compete as part of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I Football Bowl Subdivision. The program has had 37 head coaches since it began play during the 1881 season. On November 27, 2012, Mark Stoops was introduced as Kentucky's 37th head coach.
The team has played more than 1,150 games over 122 seasons of Kentucky football. Both the inaugural 1881 squad and the revived 1891 squad have unknown coaches according to university records in winning two games and losing three. Since 1892, seven coaches have led the Wildcats in postseason bowl games: Bear Bryant, Fran Curci, Jerry Claiborne, Bill Curry, Hal Mumme, Rich Brooks and Joker Phillips. Two of those coaches also won conference championships: Bryant and Curci won a combined three as a member of the SEC.
Curci is the leader in seasons coached with nine. Bryant is the leader in games won, with 60 victories during his eight seasons with the program. Jack Wright has the highest winning percentage of those who have coached more than one game, with .875. Bernie Shively has the lowest winning percentage of those who have coached more than one game, with .200. Of the 36 different head coaches who have led the Wildcats, Bryant and Jerry Claiborne have been inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in South Bend, Indiana.
References.
General
Specific

</doc>
<doc id="31139083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139083" title="Junk Food for Your Mind">
Junk Food for Your Mind

Junk Food for Your Mind is a series of stories by American author Michael Keenan. Stories in the series are meant to be taken at face value; there is no intended underlying message or meaning in the works. Like junk food is useless calories for the body the stories in the series are meant to be a useless activity for the reader's mind.
The novel "Convenient Lies" is the second installment in the "Junk Food for Your Mind" series.

</doc>
<doc id="31139085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139085" title="John Caldwell School">
John Caldwell School

John Caldwell School is a consolidated school in Anglophone West of New Brunswick. It is located in the town of Grand Falls in Victoria County.
History.
The first school building, a two story structure, was built on the same site in 1909. The first principal was J. C. Higgins. It was first called the Flat School (since it was built on the flat land near the river) and was later called the Grand Falls Graded School.
In 1951, John Caldwell, who had graduated from the school, became the principal.
In 1951, a brick building was built on the same lot. It housed the industrial shops, gymnasium and home economics facilities. It was named the Grand Falls Composite High School. A wing was built in 1966, and in 1969 the name was changed to the John Caldwell School.
In 1982, the original wooden building was demolished leaving only the new structure. In 1971, the school became a Junior High School and in 1981 it became the Junior-Senior High School for the anglophone students of the area. It underwent major expansion began in 1989 to include the English elementary students making it a K-12 facility. 

</doc>
<doc id="31139100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139100" title="Convenient Lies">
Convenient Lies

Convenient Lies is a novel by American author Michael Keenan. "Convenient Lies" is the second installment in the "Junk Food for Your Mind" series.

</doc>
<doc id="31139102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139102" title="Vegas TV">
Vegas TV

Vegas TV may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31139104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139104" title="Etta Banda">
Etta Banda

Etta Elizabeth Banda was the Minister of Foreign Affairs in Malawi, having held the position from 2009-2011. She was formerly the MP for Nkhata Bay South and a professor.

</doc>
<doc id="31139113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139113" title="Vartan Vahramian">
Vartan Vahramian

Vartan Vahramian is an Iranian-Armenian music artist and painter. He has made musical creations, solo performances as a baritone, and conducted choirs.
Early life.
Vartan Vahramian was born in Tabriz, in 1955. He is the son of painter Grigor Vahramian Gasparbeg, who graduated from the Moscow Academy of Art and who was also a skilled sculptor, silversmith and engraver. His mother, Marousia Vahramian, is also an artist who, from an early age, was trained in music, and later in painting. It is therefore not surprising that these two arts manifest themselves equally in his work.
Career.
Music.
Vartan Vahramian has studied harmony under both Iran's and Armenia's maestros. He has 75 musical compositions. Vartan Vahramian has also been the founder and conductor of "Komitas" church choir since 1980.
In 2000-2001, his Requiem, Oratorio, and Mass, to mark the 1700th anniversary of Christianity as the state religion in Armenia, was performed by Yerevan's "Komitas" conservatory choir. In 2006, he was invited to Armenia, where his "Looys Aravoti" was performed at the "One Nation, One Culture" festival to great acclaim. "Looys Aravoti", with words by Vahagn Davtyan and "Jah Haverjakan", with words by Varand, have been composed with great inspiration, emotion and devotion. His creations are gentle and clean just like the morning light.
In 2011 a short animated film of St. Stepanos Monastery was made, directed by Reza Shams, for cultural use. The music for this film was composed by Vartan Vahramian. The actual video is on YouTube. 
On 13 July 2013, the documentary film "Maroosya" was premiered in Yerevan, Armenia.It was selected as one of the non-competitive documentary films to be shown at The Golden Apricot Armenian Film Festival 2013. The accompanying music for this film is composed by Vartan Vahramian. The film was directed by Navid Mikhak. 
Vartan Vahramian is an Associate Member of the Guild of International Songwriters and Composers, U.K. He has received an award from Catholicos Garegin I for his cultural work.
He lives in Tabriz, where he teaches music and painting and continues to work on both his music and painting; he is currently working on a new Mass in a contemporary style.
Painting.
Vartan Vahramian is also a talented painter known for his Surrealistic style. His oil paintings have been exhibited extensively in various galleries in Iran and have received coverage both in Iranian and foreign newspapers and media.
His well known works include "Miracle", "Check Mate", "Eve Facing the Serpent", "Profound Devotion", "Belated Love", "Identity Crisis", "Betrayal" and "Longing".
Film.
In 2006, Vartan Vahramian starred in the award winning film Tabriz: Images from the Forgotten World. The film also featured a soundtrack composed by Vahramian and was the winner of the Best Foreign Short Screenplay from Moondance International Film Festival, July, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="31139120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139120" title="Lake Ngapakaldi to Lake Palankarinna Fossil Area">
Lake Ngapakaldi to Lake Palankarinna Fossil Area

The Lake Ngapakaldi to Lake Palankarinna Fossil Area is a fossil protection reserve in the Tirari Desert, in the eastern part of the Far North region of South Australia. Some 3500 ha in area, it is about 70 km east of Lake Eyre and 100 km north-north-east of Marree, off the Birdsville Track near Etadunna Station. The site was listed on the Australian Register of the National Estate (No.5905) on 21 October 1980.
Description.
The reserve comprises four dry salt lakes surrounded by extensive areas of sand dunes in a flat, arid landscape. The lake beds are largely unvegetated and usually dry. Low cliffs on the western margins of the lakes have produced a variety of Tertiary vertebrate fossils ranging in age from the late Oligocene to the Pleistocene.

</doc>
<doc id="31139122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139122" title="Missing Angel Juan">
Missing Angel Juan

Missing Angel Juan is the fourth book in the Dangerous Angels series by Francesca Lia Block. The plot revolves around Witch Baby as she travels to New York City to find her love Angel Juan and bring him back home to Los Angeles.
Plot.
The story begins with Witch Baby learning that Angel Juan is leaving to go to New York. He wants to go and discover who he is when he is not with Witch Baby. She is left broken-hearted and angry and falls into a depression before deciding to follow Angel Juan to New York.
In New York, Witch Baby stays at the apartment of Weetzie Bat's deceased father, Charlie Bat. He appears to Witch Baby as a ghost and becomes her companion as she searches for Angel Juan. In the end, Witch Baby and Angel Juan are reunited, but Angel Juan tells her he needs to stay in New York a while longer and she has to return to Los Angeles. Witch Baby understands, because even though they cannot be together at present, they love each other and will be together again someday.

</doc>
<doc id="31139133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139133" title="Cross of Merit for Women and Girls">
Cross of Merit for Women and Girls

The Cross of Merit for Women and Girls ("Ehrenkreuz für Frauen und Jungfrauen") was created on 22 March 1871 by Kaiser Wilhelm I, Emperor of Germany, in his capacity as King of Prussia. The award was presented only to women, but was not a Ladies Order in the most narrow sense. Women and girls were awarded at the request of Empress Augusta, and the award was bestowed by the Kaiser.
Description of the award.
The appearance and shape is very similar to the Iron Cross, but on the obverse at the junction of the arms is an emblem of the Red cross. On the reverse there is the royal crown above the intertwined monograms "A" and "W" and the date of 1870–1871. The cross was worn from suspended by a bow on the left chest. The ribbon is the same as that of the Iron Cross for non-combattants, white with black stripes at the edge.

</doc>
<doc id="31139138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139138" title="Anthem (film)">
Anthem (film)

Anthem is a nine-minute music video released in 1991. The film was produced by Marlon T. Riggs. The film displays mixes images of mainstream African-American pride, such as traditional African tribal dances, alongside images representing gay pride, such as ACT UP's "Silence=Death". The film uses powerful imagery and poetry to explore, celebrate, and revolutionize Gay Black culture.
Synopsis.
The film begins with a voice repeating: "Parade it proudly like a man; flaunt it like a man." The Pan-African Flag, with black, red, and green stripes, is flashed across the screen throughout the short film. Another voice tells the audience to "Rearrange syllables, Revolution" as the words are flashed on the screen in white on time with the hip hop music. The call for revolution occurs as images of an African American dancing, the pink hue triangle used to symbolize ACT UP (AIDS Coalition to Unleash Power), and ACT UP's slogan "Silence=Death" are displayed on the screen.
Next, a voice says repeatedly with the music: "Pervert the language." Then, as two naked African-American males kiss each other, the voice says: "Every time we kiss" and "Thrust war and gritty fingers in my mouth."
Then images of roses and a holy cross give way to memorial candles. The narrative voice says: "Immunity in this holy procession of dying." In response to the memorial candles, the words "Are you scared? Are you safe?" are displayed in white text. The lyrics repeat the statement "In America" as the American Flag is shown in the background. A voice repeats: "Gender Blender Blur."
The image of the ACT UP triangle is shown again, but this time it has the African continent, with the Pan-African horizontal stripes in it. A voice says: "Initiate Me" and later "A partner looking for a kiss."
The film concludes with Essex Hemphill reading his poem "American Wedding" in front of a background of an American Flag. As the flag in the background fades, a voice says: "I too sing America."
Analysis.
By the time Marlon T. Riggs produced "Anthem" he had been diagnosed with AIDS. (Riggs died after fighting AIDS for many years in 1994.) The film plays a tribute to ACT UP, an organization dedicated to fighting AIDS in the gay community. The film uses the ACT UP triangle and slogan "Silence=Death". The film seeks solidarity with AIDS victims and draws attention to the pain they are going through. The film shows memorial candles and describes the AIDS epidemic as a "holy procession of dying". The film reaches out to victims by saying: "Are you scared? Are you safe?" Marlon T. Riggs uses a lot of AIDS imagery because he was suffering from AIDS, an issue very real in his life.
Interestingly, Marlon T. Riggs uses a holy cross and red rose for imagery in "Anthem". Riggs has been critical of the black church's policy of essentially "Don't ask, Don't tell" toward homosexual men and women. Marlon T. Riggs displays the holy cross in positive light. Neither the holy cross nor the church the cross represents is critiqued in "Anthem", but rather used as a symbol of remembrance for AIDS victims.
By placing the African continent inside the ACT UP triangle, Marlon Riggs is appealing to Black nationalist movements to include, not exclude, black heterosexuals. Marlon Riggs has criticized the Black power movement directly in papers like his essay "Black Macho Revisted". Riggs believes that the Black power movement's call for unification under a macho culture leaves out both queer and feminine culture. Riggs has said that the caricatures the black community has drawn up around black gays and lesbians can be shown to have a direct cultural lineage from caricatures of blacks as Uncle Tom and the Brute Negro. "Anthem" responds to the Black macho image with the phrases: "Parade it proudly like a man" and "Flaunt it like a man." Marlon T. Riggs is questioning what exactly it means to behave "like a man".
Marlon T. Riggs critiqued the Black Power movement for creating an image of African culture that revolves around the masculine warrior. Marlon T. Riggs wrote that the African Diaspora created a void in the knowledge many blacks have of their heritage. This was filled in by the image of the macho, African warrior. Marlon T. Riggs responds to this view of African culture by displaying images of Africans dancing in traditional garb. Images of the tribal dances are mixed with a gay black man dancing. Thus, Marlon T. Riggs is conveying a message that black gay culture can be a part of African heritage.
The use of drums and hip-hop beats is a tribute to black culture. However, Marlon T. Riggs has critiqued rappers, such as Heavy D, for belittling queer culture. "Anthem" showcases music that encompasses traditional African rhythm without the Black macho lyrics that are ubiquitous in rap music.

</doc>
<doc id="31139170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139170" title="GII">
GII

GII may refer to 

</doc>
<doc id="31139190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139190" title="John Jenkins (poet)">
John Jenkins (poet)

John Jenkins (born 1949) is an Australian poet, non-fiction author and editor. He is the author, co-author, editor or co-editor of more than 20 books, mostly poetry and non-fiction. He has also collaborated widely with other artists and poets, including on various gallery installations and theatrical events. His papers are at special collections, Academy Library, University of NSW at ADFA.
Biography.
Jenkins was born in Melbourne and studied business subjects at Swinburne University of Technology. He worked in educational publishing in the 70s, then widely in commercial journalism until 2000. He has since worked as a book editor, and taught at Box Hill Institute of TAFE, University of Melbourne (School of Creative Arts) and La Trobe University.
His first book of poems, "Zone of the White Wolf and Other Landscapes" was published in 1974; he co-edited (with Michael Dugan) the collection of innovative short fiction, "The Outback Reader" (1975) while his first non-fiction title, "22 Australian Contemporary Composers", appeared in 1988. He has also collaborated with poet Ken Bolton on a number of books of poetry. In the 70s and 80s and 90s he variously carried out co-, associate- or advisory-editorial roles with the Australian journals "Etymspheres", "Helix", "Aspect", "Art and Literature", and "Overland", and in the early 1980s began the small publisher, "Brunswick Hills Press."
He has traveled widely, and has lived and worked in Sydney, Japan and the UK, as well as Melbourne. His travel writing has appeared in inflight magazines, "Signature Magazine" (Australia) and "Australian Gourmet Traveller", and he edited "Travelers' Tales of Old Cuba: from Treasure Island to Mafia Den" (2002).
His articles and reviews have appeared in "Photofile", "Agenda", "Artstreams", "The Age Monthly Review," "Australian Book Review", "The Australian", "Overland", "Southerly" and other newspapers and periodicals.
His installation, "The Arthur Tantrum Letters", was held at Central Street Gallery, Sydney in 1970. In the 80s he took part in stage shows at "La Mama Theatre" and "Grant Street Theatre" and other venues in collaboration with musicians, and with dancers from "Melbourne's Modern Dance Ensemble". In the 90s he took part in a multi-media installation at Adelaide's "Experimental Art Foundation". And he collaborated with other writers at "Jolt Arts" in 2010.
He won the 2004 "James Joyce Foundation Suspended Sentence Award", and 2003 "Artsrush Poetry Prize". He was shortlisted for 2004 "FAW Christina Stead Award", and Commended for the 2006 "Newcastle Poetry Prize" and 2005 "Melbourne Poets Union Poetry Competition". His work has featured on ABC Radio National's "Airplay" and "Poetica" series.
His latest collection, "Growing Up With Mr Menzies", (2008) has been described as "a complex, layered and original work".

</doc>
<doc id="31139195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139195" title="Queer as Folk (season 1)">
Queer as Folk (season 1)

The first season of "Queer as Folk", an American and Canadian television series, consisted of twenty-two episodes and premiered on Showtime on December 3, 2000, in the United States and on Showcase on January 22, 2001, in Canada.
Episodes.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="31139200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139200" title="John C. New">
John C. New

John Chalfant New (July 6, 1831 – June 4, 1906) was a United States banker and lawyer who held a variety of government positions, including Treasurer of the United States from 1875 to 1876.
Biography.
John C. New was born on July 6, 1831 in Vernon, Indiana. His father was John Bowman New, son of Jethro New, and his mother was Mariah (Chalfant) New. He was educated at Bethany College, studying law and graduating in 1851.
After college, New worked as a banker, publisher, and lawyer. He married Melissa Beeler in 1854; together the two had a son, Harry Stewart New, born in 1858.
Following the resignation of Horatio C. Newcomb from his seat in the Indiana Senate, New was elected to Newcomb's former seat in 1863.
His first wife died in 1867 and he re-married to Elizabeth R. McRae, and the couple had two children together.
In 1875, President of the United States Ulysses S. Grant nominated New to be Treasurer of the United States and New subsequently held that office from June 30, 1875 to July 1, 1876. In 1880, John New purchased the Indianapolis Journal, and also became Chairman of the Indiana Republican Party. In this position he gathered enough power to be called the "boss of Indiana Republican politics." As the leader of the Indiana delegation to the Republican National Convention in 1880 held in Chicago in June 1880, New led the Indiana delegation in casting 26 of Indiana's 30 delegate votes to James G. Blaine. However, Blaine did not win the noination on the first ballot at the Chicago Convention. Nor did Blaine or anyone else gather enough delegates to win the presidential nomination for the thirty-three ballots as the Convention dragged on in search of a nominee. Finally, on the 34th ballot, Wisconsin cast 16 delegate votes in favor of James A. Garfield, a "dark horse" candidate. Immediately, on the 35th ballot, James New and future President Benjamin Harrison brought the 27 of the 30 Indiana delegates over to Garfield starting a stampede at the Convention which ended in the nomination of James A. Garfield as the Republican Nominee for President in 1880. In 1882, John New was again elected Chairman of the Indiana Republican Party. He continued to serve in this position until he was appointed the First Assistant Secretary of the Treasury,-- a position in he served from 1882 to 1883. New also served as U.S. consul general in London from 1889 to 1893.
New died in Indianapolis on June 4, 1906.

</doc>
<doc id="31139220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139220" title="DBL Arena, Surabaya">
DBL Arena, Surabaya

The Development Basketball League Arena or simply DBL Arena, is an indoor sporting arena located in Surabaya, East Java, Indonesia. Located in the suburb of Surabaya, adjacent to the Graha Pena Building, it is renowned as one of the Indonesia's main venue for basketball matches. It is also home for the Development Basketball League. It is owned by Jawa Pos National Network, or Jawa Pos Group, and operated by PT DBL Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="31139254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139254" title="Curative petition">
Curative petition

The concept of Curative petition was evolved by the Supreme Court of India in the matter of Rupa Ashok Hurra vs. Ashok Hurra and Anr. (2002) where the question was whether an aggrieved person is entitled to any relief against the final judgement/order of the Supreme Court, after dismissal of a review petition. The Supreme Court in the said case held that in order to prevent abuse of its process and to cure gross miscarriage of justice, it may reconsider its judgements in exercise of its inherent powers. For this purpose the Court has devised what has been termed as a "curative" petition. In the Curative petition, the petitioner is required to aver specifically that the grounds mentioned therein had been taken in the review petition filed earlier and that it was dismissed by circulation. This has to be certified by a senior advocate. The Curative petition is then circulated to the three senior most judges and the judges who delivered the impugned judgement, if available. No time limit is given for filing Curative petition.
Requirements.
To entertain the curative petitions, the court has laid down certain specific conditions. Its laid down in order
The requirements which are needed in order to accept the curative petitions are:

</doc>
<doc id="31139313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139313" title="Beasley Building">
Beasley Building

The Beasley Building is a historic commercial building in downtown Athens, Ohio, United States. Constructed at the turn of the 20th century, this industrial building has been named a historic site. 
Built of brick with elements of iron, the Beasley Building is a three-story structure with a five-bay facade. Each bay features paired Romanesque Revival windows above a beltcourse with cornice, while an entablature of geometric shapes surrounds the building near its roofline. Upon its construction, the building was intended to convey a sense of architectural balance, contrasting the two-story height of the main windows with the beltcourse and frieze, as well as a sense of pure massiveness.
Situated in downtown Athens, the Beasley Building lies within an area that has served as Athens' commercial center since the community's founding. Substantial industry in the area began in 1840 when the Hocking Canal was built through the area, and the coming of the Scioto and Hocking Valley Railroad in 1855 expanded its commercial importance. Charles Higgins, a local miller, was one of the partners in the firm of Eldridge and Higgins, which bought the building's site in 1904 and began construction, although it was then purchased by Frank Beasley, a prominent miller from nearby Amesville. His firm eventually turned the Beasley Building into the region's largest gristmill powered by electricity, although it eventually closed and was converted for grocery purposes.
Late in 1982, the Beasley Building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places, qualifying both because of its architecture and its place in the area's history. One year later, the building was awarded approximately $1.1 million in federal rehabilitation tax credits.

</doc>
<doc id="31139317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139317" title="Harraga">
Harraga

Harragas, (from Arabic حراقة, "ḥarrāga, ḥarrāg", "those who burn" (their immigration papers)) are North African migrants who attempt to illegally immigrate to Europe or to European-controlled islands in makeshift boats. The name comes from their practice of burning their immigration papers if they are about to be captured.
Harragas emigrate from North Africa
On the Mediterranean coast of North Africa, Algerian, Tunisian, and Moroccan harragas typically hope to cross the Strait of Gibraltar in order to reach Spain, specifically the Spanish regions of Andalusia, Ceuta and Melilla. Additionally, harragas also sometimes manage to complete the voyage from Africa to the island nation of Malta, or the Italian island of Lampedusa. From here they often go on to emigrate to other regions of Europe.
On the Atlantic coast of North Africa, Mauritanian and Senegalese harragas set off in hope of reaching the Spanish-controlled Canary Islands in small, flat-bottomed boats referred to in Spanish as "patera", or in rigid or inflatable rafts, (such as "Zodiac" rafts), or even paddle boats. Obviously, boats such as these are not designed for ocean crossings and the death rates for harragas are very high. The motivations for undertaking this extremely risky act are twofold: both the profound economic poverty as well as the extreme political repression widespread throughout North Africa.
In an interview released by Wikileaks, Algerian opposition leader Abdallah Djaballah described Algerian youth as having a choice "between death at sea and a slow, gradual death at home" given the profound lack of opportunities in the country's stagnant economy.
Some harragas have even changed their sex and/or converted their religion in order to gain European citizenship. On January 20, 2011, 20 Algerian harraga set their boat on fire in an attempt to make a political statement by self-immolating. The term is commonly used in the North African journalistic vocabulary.
Film.
The drama of those who illegally immigrate from Africa to Europe by boat is portrayed in the 2009 film "Harragas" by Algerian filmmaker Merzak Allouache.
Algerian film director Moussa Haddad started shooting a film entitled "Harraga Blues" February 6, 2011. The project is currently still in production.

</doc>
<doc id="31139326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139326" title="Fire of Waters">
Fire of Waters

Fire of Waters is an experimental short film by Stan Brakhage, produced in 1965.
Production.
"Fire of Waters" was inspired by a letter Brakhage received from poet Robert Kelly, in which was written: "The truth of the matter is this that: man lives in a fire of waters and will eternally in the first taste." Brakhage intended the film as "a play of light and sounds" on that theme. The film contains footage shot in a lightning storm with a jerky handheld camera, occasionally showing the panes of the window through which the footage was filmed. Unlike much of the director's work, "Fire of Waters" contains a soundtrack, which has been described as "mushy, noisy and largely ambiguous - maybe rain, maybe paper rustling, maybe just dirt and water spots on the optical soundtrack." The soundtrack actually consists of slowed down bird calls, wind, and speeded up audio of Jane Brakhage giving birth to daughter Myrenna (an event originally documented, albeit silently, in Brakhage's film "Window Water Baby Moving").
Reception.
David E. James described "Fire of Waters" as one of Brakhage's most interesting films, in large part due to its use of sound. Phil Solomon's experimental film "Night Lights" was inspired by "Fire of Waters." Daniel Barnett, in his book "Movement as meaning: in experimental film," wrote of his first encounter with "Fire of Waters", "I can't ever remember art making me so angry," citing the film's apparent incomprehensibility on initial viewing.

</doc>
<doc id="31139332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139332" title="Alabama A&amp;M Bulldogs basketball">
Alabama A&amp;M Bulldogs basketball

The Alabama A&M Bulldogs men's basketball team is the basketball team that represents Alabama Agricultural and Mechanical University in Normal, Alabama, United States. The school's team currently competes in the Southwestern Athletic Conference.
Postseason results.
NCAA tournament results.
The Bulldogs have appeared in the NCAA tournament one time. Their record is 0–1.

</doc>
<doc id="31139349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139349" title="Maléku">
Maléku

Maleku may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31139355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139355" title="Inkerman, Pennsylvania">
Inkerman, Pennsylvania

Inkerman is a census-designated place (CDP) in Jenkins Township, Luzerne County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 1,819 at the 2010 census.
Geography.
Inkerman is located at . The elevation is above sea level.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP has a total area of , all of it land. It is located in the western portion of Jenkins Township in Luzerne County, northeast of Plains Township, northwest of Laflin, south of Pittston, and southeast of the Susquehanna River.

</doc>
<doc id="31139408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139408" title="Vangsnes">
Vangsnes

Vangsnes is a village located in the municipality of Vik in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway. It's located on a relatively flat and fertile peninsula that juts out on the south side of the Sognefjorden, roughly at the midpoint of the fjord which is Norway's longest. The village of Balestrand lies about to the northwest (across the fjord) and the villages of Leikanger-Hermansverk lie about straight east (also across the fjord). Vangsnes Church is located in the village.
The village sits along Norwegian National Road 13 and it is connected with Hella in Leikanger municipality and Dragsvik in Balestrand municipality, both on the north side of Sognefjorden, through a ferry system operated by Fjord1.
Statue.
Vangsnes is best known as the site of the statue of Fridtjof, who was the king of Ringerike and Sogn according to "Friðþjófs saga hins frœkna" (Fridtjof's Saga). The statue was commissioned by Kaiser Wilhelm II of Germany. It is high and is situated on a high platform. The statue was sculpted by German sculptor Max Unger (1854-1918). It was transported to Vangsnes in 15 sections and erected during February 1913. 

</doc>
<doc id="31139431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139431" title="Malvani">
Malvani

Malvani may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31139446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139446" title="Cass River (Mackenzie District)">
Cass River (Mackenzie District)

The Cass River is an alpine river in the Canterbury Region of the South Island of New Zealand. It rises in the Hall Range immediately below Rankin Pass, and also receives water from the nearby Huxley Glacier. After dropping very rabidly the river flows south with braided channels along a flat-bottomed valley for . The Leibig Range and Gamack Range are to the west, and the Haszard Range to the east.
The river flows into the west side of Lake Tekapo were it has built up a gravel delta.
The Cass River is named for Thomas Cass, Chief Surveyor of Canterbury Province from 1851 to 1867.

</doc>
<doc id="31139462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139462" title="Arterial resistivity index">
Arterial resistivity index

The arterial resistivity index (also called as Resistance index, abbreviated as RI), developed by Leandre Pourcelot, is a measure of pulsatile blood flow that reflects the resistance to blood flow caused by microvascular bed distal to the site of measurement.
Calculation.
The formula used to calculate resistance index is:
Description.
The RI is altered not by vascular resistance alone but by the combination of vascular resistance and vascular compliance.

</doc>
<doc id="31139471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139471" title="Fanaticism (disambiguation)">
Fanaticism (disambiguation)

Fanaticism is a belief or behavior involving uncritical zeal or obsessive enthusiasm.
Fanaticism, fanatic and fanatical may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31139476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139476" title="Digitalis thapsi">
Digitalis thapsi

Digitalis thapsi, known commonly as Spanish foxglove, Spanish digitalis, and fingerhut foxglove, is a flowering plant in the genus "Digitalis" that is native to Spain. It was first described by Carl Linnaeus in 1753. It is of commercial importance as an ornamental plant. Hybrids with "D. purpurea" have proved successful and are fertile.
Description.
Its yellow-green leaves are ovate to oblong in shape and decurrent, with winged bases. The flowers, stems and leaves are covered with tiny hairs, giving them a soft appearance. The leaves have non-glandular trichomes and a striated cuticle. The pink flowers are arranged in raceme inflorescences.
Chemical properties.
In studies, the restriction of calcium ions resulted in cardenolide accumulation in "D. thapsi". Calcium quantity affects the redox chemical reactions in the cells. Without calcium, changes in antioxidant function were observed and catalase activity was slow. In another study, lack of calcium retarded growth and promoted digoxin formation. Manganese, in the form of manganese sulfate (MnCl), and lithium, in the form of lithium chloride (LiCl), also increased the digoxin concentration, but did not affect growth.
Calcium oxalate crystals and pericyclic fibers have been isolated from "D. thapsi". These are 1.25 to 3 times more powerful in medicinal view than those found in "D. purpurea". According to Dutch botanist Herman Boerhaave, "Digitalis" species are highly poisonous if directly ingested. All parts are poisonous.
Propagation.
Besides normal cultivation, "D. thapsi" has been propagated using explant culture, a technique employed for the isolation of cells from piece(s) of tissue for harvesting. Auxins NAA, 2,4-D and IAA alone or combined with BA produced a callus. NAA caused rot formation and BA shoot formation. NAA and BA combined induced organ generation much effectively. Plantlets obtained this way had a survival rate of 70%.
Joseph Gottlieb Kölreuter, a German botanist, observed that "D. thapsi" had many characteristics of "D. purpurea" after four to five generations of cultivation, and that the former became indistinguishable from the latter, a report that was considered "probably" trustworthy by Charles Darwin. "D. thapsi" and "D. purpurea" hybrids are generally fertile.
Habitat and growth.
"D. thapsi" is widespread in Spain. A biennial evergreen plant, it flowers in late spring. A study of the fruiting activity in "D. thapsi" showed that production, size and number of seeds were interrelated. Analysis has shown that seed weight is not related to the length of the cotyledon, and that the length of the fifth leaf can serve as a useful factor in determining the genetic variability among specimens.
Cultivation.
The species is used as an ornamental plant. It grows well in half-shaded to sun-exposed areas. Moderate watering is required, and the plant has an average drought tolerance. The soil should have a pH of 5 or up to 8. It can grow in chalk, clay, loam, sand, peat, or combinations.

</doc>
<doc id="31139486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139486" title="Knifemakers' Guild">
Knifemakers' Guild

The Knifemakers' Guild is an organization made up of knifemakers to promote custom knives, encourage ethical business practices, assist with technical aspects of knife making, and to sponsor knife shows. The Guild is composed of 300 knifemaker members and several thousand collectors, writers, and other investors as honorary members.
History.
The idea for Knifemakers' Guild came about at a Las Vegas, Nevada gun show held at the Sahara Casino in February 1970. The actual founding occurred in November 1970 by A.G. Russell in Tulsa, Oklahoma. Charter members included Blackie Collins, Bob Loveless, John Nelson Cooper, and Dan Dennehy. Russell was made the first president with Loveless as the Secretary.
The current President is Gil Hibben, past presidents have included Jimmy Lile, Frank Centofante, D'Alton Holder, George Herron, Buster Warenski, and William F. Moran. The Knifemakers' Guild is composed of over 300 members worldwide.
The Knifemakers' Guild hosts an annual show where members meet once a year to conduct business, elect officers, and display their work. The show is attended by thousands of collectors.

</doc>
<doc id="31139487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139487" title="Caucasia (novel)">
Caucasia (novel)

Caucasia (1998) is a novel written by Danzy Senna. It features the coming of age of Birdie, one of two multiracial sisters.
Plot.
Birdie and Cole are American multiracial sisters who are separated in life because of their differing appearances and the racial identities which people ascribe to them. The narrator of the novel, Birdie, is at first not classified by appearance. Her sister Cole is described as "cinnamon-skinned, curly haired", traits associated with African Americans of mixed race. Senna hints that the girls' mother is European American (her belly is called a "pale balloon").
Over time, race, as experienced by the girls in their society, creates a rift between their lives. As young girls, Birdie and Cole speak an indistinguishable language of their creation which they call "Elemeno". The closeness between the two sisters suggests that appearance is not a defining characteristic of personality or behavior. Senna offers culture and atmosphere as having the most profound effect on a child's development. Birdie especially struggles to identify with and reconcile her multiracial identity. At the end of the novel, the two sisters are reunited in Berkeley.
The two sisters are separated when their father decides to leave for Brazil in search of a more racially harmonious society and their mother flees their home in fear that she is in trouble with the FBI. Each parent takes the child who is closer to him or her in appearance, Cole leaving with her father and his new girlfriend and Birdie leaving with her mother. In order to avoid being caught, Birdie and her mother assume false identities; Birdie´s mother forces her to change her name to Jesse Goldman and pretend to be a Jewish girl. Birdie and her mother remain on the lam for several years, but even as time passes Birdie is unable to fully adopt this new identity. She cannot forget her sister, her father, or her the race that she truly is. She hopes for the day when her family will be reunited and she can drop the facade.
Meanwhile, Cole, with her darker skin and thicker hair, has been passing as black with their father. Once Birdie comes to realize that she may never be reunited with them unless she takes it upon herself, she leaves her mother to find them.
Before meeting with Cole again, Birdie reunites with her father, whom she is angry with. She cannot understand why racial appearance has caused division in her family. Birdie says to her father, "I heard myself say, 'Fuck the canaries in the fucking coal mines. You left me. You left me with Mum, knowing she was going to disappear. Why did you only take Cole? Why didn't you take me? If race is so make-believe, why did I go with Mum? You gave me to Mum 'cause I looked white. You don't think that's real? Those are the facts." (336)
Birdie was long made to believe that there was some logical reason behind the splitting of her family. In her immaturity, she was led to think that her passing as someone else and constant displacement were for a greater cause and that her family would eventually be reunited. Birdie’s inability to understand and lashing out against her parents in the end shows she has successfully come of age. After years of struggling to maintain some sense of who she was while having to cover it up in different ways based on her environment, she grew to recognize the ridiculousness of her circumstances. She no longer sees her parents for what she grew up envisioning them as. She is angry that something so shallow could have such deep repercussions for her family and herself. She cannot make sense of her father's lack of effort in planning a return to her. An irony exists in her father’s working so hard at writing about race while working so little at forming a relationship with his mulatto daughter based on her racial appearance. Birdie comes to understand that there is nothing to understand about the actions of her mother and father. The way in which skin color has ruined her childhood and the fact that her parents allowed it to is too senseless for her to ever make sense of it. Through this coming of age novel, Birdie grows to understand the ridiculousness in accepting appearance as a determining characteristic of performance.
Themes.
The most prominent theme in "Caucasia" is the theme of passing. Most obviously, Birdie transitions between black and white throughout the novel. Early on, when living in Boston, Birdie puts on makeup with her older sister and notes, "I did feel different-more conscious of my body as a toy, and of the ways I could use it to disappear into the world around me." (65). This foreshadows Birdie's passing as a white, Jewish girl named Jesse Goldman when she and her mother drive around America in secrecy, especially when they end up in a mostly white town in New Hampshire. Birdie's mother participates in cultural passing. She fights for civil rights and Black Power while in Boston, yet she is a direct descendent of Increase and Cotton Mather, two well-known early American Puritans. She uses this upbringing to her advantage in New Hampshire in order to secure a house on the Marsh family's property (a white, upper-middle-class family). Birdie's mother's boyfriend in New Hampshire, Jim, a white middle-aged man, passes for culturally aware. Jim went on a trip to Jamaica, and believes that makes him culturally sensitive. Yet, while in New York City, Jim says some racially questionable things, especially, "'Jesus, it's like some ancient African instinct that gets these kids dancing. Unbelievable. Doesn't sound like the reggae I used to listen to in Jamaica." (261). From this passage, we can infer Jim is relatively clueless. This theme can be extended to almost anyone in the novel, from Cole to Deck Lee (Birdie's father) to Nicholas Marsh.
Race.
"Caucasia" brings up the conflict between race as a phenotype versus race a performance. Race is more than skin deep and requires certain life practices to accompany your race. For example, being white is more about having a great deal of success in life than the color of your skin. An example in which this is clearly evident is in the character Sandy regarding her racial self-construction and self-conception. Although Sandy’s past can be understood as one of white wealth and privilege antithetical to blackness, her marriage to a black man and mothering of biracial children qualified and racialized the way she and others perceived her racial identity. In the scene before Sandy met Deck it was evident that her knowledge of and experience with the black community was limited, and what she did know was placed in a removed, academic context (33-34). Frequent references to her family’s Harvard and blueblood affiliations served to comfortably seat Sandy within the culture of white privilege completely separate from blackness before she came into direct contact with the black community. Sandy’s relationship with Deck—and later even more deeply with Cole and Birdie—served to firmly establish Sandy’s sense of familiarity with the black community, but also challenged her to place herself within it. She stated, “It doesn’t matter what your color is or what you’re born into, you know? It matters who you choose to call your own,” (87). By virtue of her having a black family—those who she “chose to call her own,” Sandy was forced into a unique relationship with blackness that no other white women in the story possessed. This moment signified her attempt to legitimize herself to Birdie as a person who had shirked the past life of whiteness into which she was born and establish herself as a body authentically in conversation with blackness. It is important to note that the text does not suggest that this process implied that Sandy attempted to become a literal black person, however she did very much desire to establish herself as a legitimate member of her black family in such a way that lent her an authentic position within the community. Evidence for this desire existed in her frustration in moments during which her maternal duties included a “black” activity that she was unable to access from her position of whiteness, such as her inability to properly braid Cole’s thick hair (52). Understanding racialization to be the ascription of a marked racial character onto a body that was previously unmarked, Sandy’s presence alongside her black family marked her as a white woman, but a white woman distinctly racialized from that of her premarital life.
In "Caucasia", Birdie and Cole also clearly struggle to perform according to their mixed race, highlighting the issues that many mixed raced individuals have when performing and constituting racial identities. A particularly prominent theme in this narrative is racial readability, ambiguity, and authenticity, specifically in relation to Birdie who is able to pass as white. Throughout the novel Birdie struggles with racial authenticity as her black identity is continually rejected by those around her because she is not visibly black. This theme of racial visibly is also present in the narrative through the literal invisibility of Birdie, who disappears at various points throughout the novel. Racial performance for both Cole and Birdie is difficult because society has chosen that they can only embrace one race, highlighting the ramifications of the One Drop Rule in American society. Deck Lee wanted to eliminate prejudice and racism in America, so he had this idea about introducing a prototype of a mulatto to society: Birdie and Cole, his children. On page 393, Deck discusses his theory behind the mulatto in America: "See, my guess is that you're the first generation of canaries to survive, a little injured, perhaps, but alive..." (393). Just like a canary's survival in a mine would signal to miners to continue farther into the mine, Birdie's survival in society would signal that America was ready for the mulatto, and that they would survive. The metaphor applies to Birdie because her phenotype is more white, forcing her to have to work harder at embracing both of her origins more so than her sister, Cole. Birdie's assimilation into both of her cultures was difficult. Therefore, based on this metaphor, 1960's American racial identity issues stemmed from all sides (with prejudice), just presented differently. (Needs to discuss race vs. racism, and acknowledge the premise that white America was the baseline for her identity struggles.)
Visibility.
Birdie opens the novel with a memory of disappearance. She begins the narrative proper noting that she "saw as the reflection that proved [her own existence" (5). At such a young age, Birdie already remembered having no proof of her own existence, having no visibility. She continues throughout her life basically nonexistent. At Dot's party, she travels from doorway to doorway unnoticed; attending Nkrumah, she meets Maria, who can only see her in the black/white binary, allowing her no depth further than that which Maria projects onto her; even with her father, she all but disappears after he delivers her the necrobilia. Birdie seems to only exist and continue her visibility to onlookers when she has been designated only one specific race. Then, however, does she exist? Or is her story simply composed of the "lies of body and the artifacts of [her life" (381)? This novel outlines the visibility of a mixed race person, and America's refusal to admit them. Birdie can only exist internally when she can identify with her mother Sandy and her father Deck, and externally when she is Subjected to one identity, devoid of her truth. Because of this, she remains an outsider and an invisible woman to her peers and to strangers. Senna seems to be pointing to the fact that our culture defines the black and white as existent on opposite ends of one plane, and thus they are somehow mutually exclusive in one body. Birdie disappears no matter where she is.
Awards.
"Caucasia" won the Stephen Crane Award for Best New Fiction of the Year and the American Library Association’s Alex Award; it was a finalist for the International IMPAC Dublin Literary Award. "Caucasia" was named one of the Best Books of the Year by the "Los Angeles Times".

</doc>
<doc id="31139489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139489" title="Tilden (surname)">
Tilden (surname)

The meaning of the surname Tilden is possibly one who came from, or lived near Tillingdown (Tilmund's hill). Spelling variations of this surname include Tylden, Tildon, Tilderden, Tileden and Tillden.
See also.
Tylden (family)

</doc>
<doc id="31139521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139521" title="Where Are You? (Mal Waldron album)">
Where Are You? (Mal Waldron album)

Where Are You? is an album by jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in 1989 and released on the Italian Soul Note label. 
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Ron Wynn awarded the album 3 stars stating "Mal Waldron's mellow and sentimental side is tapped on this session... A less demonstrative, but still quite enjoyable, Mal Waldron date". 

</doc>
<doc id="31139557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139557" title="Fujiwara no Tamekane">
Fujiwara no Tamekane

, also known as , was a poet, an official in the Imperial court of Emperor Fushimi, and a senior bureaucrat of the Kamakura shogunate.
Tamekane was the grandson of poet Fujiwara no Tameie.
In the Imperial Daijō-kan, he rose to the rank of Chūnagon and Dainagon.
In 1298, he was banished to Sado Island. Later, this exile was modified to banishment in Tosa province.
Selected works.
In a statistical overview derived from writings by and about Kyōgoku Tamekane, OCLC/WorldCat encompasses roughly 10+ works in 30+ publications in 2 languages and 400+ library holdings.

</doc>
<doc id="31139560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139560" title="Joe Cutbirth">
Joe Cutbirth

Joe Cutbirth (born 1956) is an American scholar, journalist and media critic, and currently asssistat professor of communications at Manhattan College. He blogs about media and politics for "The Huffington Post" and was a recurring analyst for ABC News Now during the 2008 presidential primaries and general election. He has taught at the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism, New York University, the University of British Columbia Graduate School of Journalism and The New School. Formerly he was a statehouse reporter and political writer for the "Fort Worth Star-Telegram" and served as the communications director for the Texas Democratic Party coordinated campaign during the Clinton-Gore ’96 and Ann Richards '94 reelection efforts.
Scholarship.
Cutbirth's research examines the relationship between satire and journalism in American politics. He is working on his first book, "Fake News, Real Politics: Jon Stewart and the New Political Press", an extension of the doctoral work he did at Columbia University under Todd Gitlin, James W. Carey and Herbert J. Gans.
He has lectured on the topic and offered a course, "Fake News, Politics and Popular Culture", (2004–07) at the New School and NYU. He expanded the course in 2010 to include the Anglo-Irish tradition of satire and the reciprocal comedic tradition between Canada and the United States. He renamed it "Satire as News", and offered it as a graduate seminar at UBC.
In explaining the course to Fox News in 2007 he said, "We examine what's gone wrong in the country, not in the relationship we have with politics, but in the relationship we have with mass media." When Radar Online in 2006 skewered "Fake News" as one of the top 10 “flimsiest classes” offered at an American university, Cutbirth told a reporter from the NYU student paper: “That’s great news. It’s not every day a slow white guy gets on a list with Tupac,” referring to another course on Radar’s list, "The Textual Appeal of Tupac Shakur." 
"The New York Times", "The Globe and Mail", the CBC, CTV, and Postmedia News all have cited him as an expert on fake news.
Cutbirth has presented his work at meetings of the National Communication Association, the American Political Science Association, the Midwest Association of Public Opinion Research, the Association for Education in Journalism and Mass Communication and at conferences at Georgetown University and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Cutbirth paid homage to Carey in "James Carey and the Columbia School", an essay he wrote and delivered as a representative of Carey’s Columbia students at "Conversations & Communications: A Conference in Memory of James W. Carey".
Politics and media criticism.
As a blogger for "The Huffington Post", Cutbirth has supported and criticized President Barack Obama, for whom Cutbirth voted in both the 2008 New York primary and general election.
In 2009 he chastised reporters traveling with Pope Benedict XVI for not pressing evidence when the Pope claimed condoms actually spread AIDS.
Cutbirth called on John McCain to apologize to Obama for racist overtones in the 2008 campaign, and he criticized Texas Governor Rick Perry for “secessionist demagoguery” at the Texas Capitol. He also questioned the veracity of reporters who allow Perry to call health care reform “socialized medicine,” and he argued that ESPN ethics in the case of Craig James and former Texas Tech football coach Mike Leach “stink.”
Other columns have offered commentary on media coverage of Sarah Palin, Harvey Milk, Caroline Kennedy and Pat Tillman.
He made the switch from journalism to political operative and pundit in 1994, when Gov. Ann Richards hired him to be spokesman for the Texas Democratic Party and effectively “go one-on-one with” Bush Spokeswoman Karen Hughes.
Journalism.
Cutbirth spent more than a decade as a daily newspaper and wire service reporter, largely covering government and Texas politics. 
He began his career at the "The Wichita Falls Times". In his first year there he won the International Reading Association Print Media Award for "Why Can’t Johnnie Read?", an investigative series on illiteracy in America. He also received the Texas Women’s Political Caucus Chrysalis Award for exposing the city’s long-term disregard of a federal court order to counter decades of discrimination in the hiring of women police officers.
He worked briefly at the Morris News Service state capital bureau, where he covered Lloyd Bentsen’s 1988 vice presidential campaign until he was hired to cover state government and politics for the "Fort Worth Star-Telegram". There he covered the Branch Davidian siege at Waco, Ann Richards’ successful 1990 gubernatorial bid, and the grand jury indictments on ethics charges of both Texas House Speaker Gib Lewis and U.S. Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison. His story on Hutchison's acquittal received top statewide honor for deadline reporting from the Dallas Press Club, and his work on Lewis and the ethics climate in the Texas Legislature received a statewide citation from the Associated Press.
In 1992 he represented journalists from 10 Texas newspapers at the founding board meeting of the National Lesbian and Gay Journalists Association and served as the first chair of the Texas NLGJA chapter. He later was appointed to the board of NLGJA’s Roy Aarons Education in Journalism Program.
His work has also appeared in "The San Francisco Chronicle", "Northwestern Magazine", "Education Daily", the "Texas Observer", the "Texas Triangle", "Wichita Falls City Magazine" and on DogCanyon.org.
Personal.
Cutbirth was born in Wichita Falls, Texas, and graduated from S.H. Rider High School. He was an Eagle Scout and was state-ranked four times (in 14-and-under singles and doubles, and 16-and-under singles and doubles) by the Texas Tennis Association.
As an undergraduate at the University of Texas, he was a member of Kappa Alpha Order, served on the student government, was on the editorial board of "The Daily Texan" and worked on the "Cactus" (yearbook) staff.
Cutbirth holds an PhD in Communications from Columbia University, an MA in Communication, Culture and Technology from Georgetown University, and a bachelor’s degree in journalism from the University of Texas at Austin.
He lists Richards, Milk and Bobby Kennedy as his heroes, and he describes himself as “a staunch disciple of the European Enlightenment; an unabashed fan of the University of Texas Longhorns football team; and an enthusiastic gourmand of Tex-Mex.” 

</doc>
<doc id="31139562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139562" title="Scott Burgess (actor)">
Scott Burgess (actor)

Scott Burgess (born 1959) is an Australian actor, best known for his role as Dave McCall in police drama Water Rats from 1996-1999.
In 2008, he told A Current Affair about the problems of his marriage, and how he was left to work in a boat yard. He returned to television in four episodes of in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="31139569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139569" title="Munno Para West, South Australia">
Munno Para West, South Australia

Munno Para West is a northern suburb of Adelaide, South Australia. It is within the City of Playford.
History.
Munno Para West is an area of the Northern Suburbs. It is located near Andrews Farm, Angle Vale, Elizabeth and Munno Para. A lot of the area is newly developed.
Mark Oliphant College opened in Munno Para West during 2011, teaching children from birth up to year 12, having merged several schools from Smithfield Plains.

</doc>
<doc id="31139602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139602" title="Nephtalí De León">
Nephtalí De León

Nephtalí De León is a Chicano writer known primarily for his poetry, children's stories, and essays. He is also credited with illustrating most of his books. He was born in Laredo, Texas in 1945 as the son of migrant workers. Although neither of his parents received much formal education, Nephtalí says that they were responsible for first exposing him to literature. He published his first book—"Chicanos: Our Background and Our Pride"—in the early 1960s during his senior year of high school. He then expanded his work to include poetry and plays, dabbling in mural art and children's stories on the side (his first children's book "I Will Catch the Sun" received great praise). He has been published in Mexico, France, the U.S., and Spain with his stories being translated into several other languages (German, Russian, Chinese, and Vietnamese). Currently, Nephtalí is a full-time poet, writer, and painter who performs lectures and poetry at schools and community events.
Themes of his works.
De León depicts the "dreams, desires, and aspirations" of the Chicano people. He believes that Chicanos have been "held in psychological and spiritual bondage...and that they are cultural and intellectual hostages in American society". In his works he tries to trace how this predicament has developed throughout history and he also attempts to display the dreams and attitudes of the Chicano people. His writings are based on ancient Aztec language and culture.

</doc>
<doc id="31139616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139616" title="Andrew Jackson Merchant">
Andrew Jackson Merchant

Andrew Jackson Merchant (December 23, 1831 - November 20, 1899) was an American Methodist minister.
Merchant was born on his father's farm in Napoli, New York, on December 23, 1831. He was the grandson of Truman Merchant, a Revolutionary War soldier and cousin of Vice-President Aaron Burr, and was descended from Captain John Marchant, who died along with Sir Francis Drake in his 1595 campaign.
A teacher in his early years, Andrew Merchant enrolled in the first class at Allegheny College in Meadville, Pennsylvania, and graduated in 1857 with Latin Honors. He married Frances C. Peck that same year, and was admitted into the Erie Conference as a Methodist preacher. A so-called "circuit rider," he preached in many locales across western Pennsylvania, southwestern New York State, and northern Ohio, including charges in Punxsutawney, Cleveland, and Meadville, where he died November 20, 1899.
Rev. Merchant sat on the Board of Control of Allegheny College, was a presiding elder and delegate to the General Conference of the Methodist Church in 1896, and served as treasurer of the Erie Conference Educational Association.
He was the father of Frank W. Merchant, a noted newspaperman in Pittsburgh between 1898 and 1931.

</doc>
<doc id="31139636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139636" title="Mikhail Rabinovich">
Mikhail Rabinovich

Mikhail Izrailevich Rabinovich (MIR) (Russian: Михаи́л Изра́илевич Рабино́вич (MИР); born April 20, 1941) is an influential physicist and neuroscientist working in the field of nonlinear dynamics and its applications. His work helped shape the understanding of dynamical systems.
Biography.
Rabinovich was born in 1941 in former Gorky, USSR, into a family of Soviet Jews: Dora Rapoport and Israel Rabinovich. His father was a professor of physical chemistry at Gorky State University and Mikhail developed an interest in sciences at an early age. At the age of 16 he was accepted to the Radio Physics department of the Gorky State University. In 1963 Rabinovich began working under the supervision of A. Gaponov-Grekhov and in 1967 he received a Ph.D. in physics and mathematics. In 1974, Mikhail receives an D.Sc from the Institute for Physical Problems of the Soviet Academy of Science chaired by Pyotr Kapitsa. In 1986, he co-authored chapters on the evolution of turbulence in the seminal textbook Course of Theoretical Physics ( (Fluid Mechanics Volume) of Lifshitz and Landau. The book Oscillations and Waves in Linear and Nonlinear Systems was published in 1989. Mikhail Rabinovich became a member of the Russian Academy of Sciences in 1991. In 1992, Mikhail accepted a faculty position at the Institute for Nonlinear Science at UCSD in La Jolla, CA. In the same year a book with Gaponov-Grekhov, Nonlinearities in Action is published. His first book written in the United States, Introduction to Nonlinear Dynamics for Physicists comes out in 1993. In 1999, Mikhail was invited to the Pontifical Academy of Sciences in Vatican to give a lecture on global and complex processes in physics. There he met with Pope John Paul II. In 2000, Mikhail publishes his latest book on physicsThe dynamics of Patterns.
Mikhail Rabinovich published over 250 peer reviewed articles in leading scientific journals (Science, Neuron, Journal of Neuroscience, PLoS Computational Biology, Reviews of Modern Physics, Physics of Fluids, Physical Review Letters) that are actively cited (over 3000 citations). In 2012, Rabinovich published his first book on neuroscience Principles of Brain Dynamics: Global State Interactions. Currently he lives in La Jolla, California, and is a research scientist in the Bio Circuits Institute at UCSD.

</doc>
<doc id="31139637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139637" title="Libyan League for Human Rights">
Libyan League for Human Rights

The Libyan League for Human Rights (LLHR) is a Human Rights League in the Euro-Mediterranean Human Rights Network. LLHR was established on 2 March 1989 by Soliman Bouchuiguir, Hussein Raiani, Mohammad Zayyan, and Mansour Kikhia. According to the League's website, "Mansour Kikhia, former Libyan ambassador to the United Nations, had defected to the US in 1980 and, in December 1993, was kidnapped in Egypt and subsequently transported to Libya, where he is believed to have been executed." 
As of 2001, LLHR was headquartered from Geneva, Switzerland, with branches in Bornheim, Germany and in England. Since then, it has opened operations in North America. 
The group opposes the death penalty in Libya and throughout the world. Since the beginning of the 2011 Libyan civil war, LLHR has issued statements condemning the violent crackdown on protesters and Gaddafi's use of rape, torture, and abduction as instruments of war . It has also addressed the UN Human Rights Council and European Union on human rights violations during the civil war. LLHR played a role in raising awareness surrounding the detention of American citizen Abdelgader Gibani in February 2011 and in encouraging Americans to call the State Department to facilitate his release. Gibani was released on 2 March 2011. On January 27, 2012, the Libyan League for Human Rights opened an investigation into all interactions between Libyans and US law enforcement agencies and related bodies (including the FBI, CIA, local law enforcement, TSA, and CBP, as well as the Department of Homeland Security and State Department) since February 2011. LLHR cited evidence that the FBI and other US law enforcement agencies had targeted Libyan-American citizens in their homes and workplaces as well as at US-Canada border crossings and airports throughout the US. In its statement regarding the investigation, LLHR indicated that two American citizens of Libyan origin were currently being prevented from entering the US. LLHR highlighted that these actions "directly undermine Articles 9 through 12 of the Universal Declaration for Human Rights (UDHR), which protect all human beings from arbitrary arrest, detention, and exile, and arbitrary interference with privacy," as well as "the rights of these individuals to freedom of movement and to return to their country of citizenship, as affirmed in Article 13 of the UDHR." 

</doc>
<doc id="31139666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139666" title="Retroflex fricative">
Retroflex fricative

Retroflex fricative may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31139669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139669" title="Morning Cloud">
Morning Cloud

Morning Cloud was the name given by the British politician Edward Heath to a series of five yachts which he owned between 1969 and 1983.
The yachts.
No. 1.
Sparkman and Stephens S&S 34, length 34 ft., year of launch 1969. Edward Heath won the Sydney to Hobart Yacht Race with this boat in the same year. It was sold in December 1970 to Stewart Benest of Jersey, who renamed it "Nuage de Matin". She was sunk off of Gorey Castle, Jersey, on 2 September 1974, after the seas took her from her moorings.
No. 2.
Designed by Sparkman and Stephens, length 42 ft., hull material wood (mahogany), constructed by Lallows (UK), year of launch 1971. Heath used the boat in the Admiral's Cup of that year as part of the winning British team. At least two copies of the boat were built under licence from him.
No. 3.
Designed by Sparkman and Stephens, length 44 ft. 9 ins., hull material wood, constructed by Lallows (UK), year of launch 1973. It was used in the Admiral's Cup of that year, but Heath was only on board for the Fastnet race because of other commitments. It was lost at sea on 5 September 1974 when it was hit by a large wave while en route to Cowes from Burnham-on-Crouch. Heath was not on board. Two of the seven crew drowned. It was insured by Lloyd's of London. This was only three days after "Morning Cloud I" (see above) sank.
No. 4.
Designed by Sparkman and Stephens, length 45 ft., hull material aluminium, constructed by Allday Aluminium of Gosport, year of launch 1975.
No. 5.
Designed by Ron Holland, length 44 ft., hull material composite, year of launch 1977. In the 1979 Fastnet race (which was part of the Admiral's Cup) it lost its rudder and failed to finish. Heath sold the boat in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="31139686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139686" title="Cape Tisan">
Cape Tisan

Cape Tisan is a headland on the Mediterranean sea coast of Mersin Province, Turkey.
Geography.
The cape is near to Yeşilovacık town in Silifke district of Mersin Province. It is at The distance to Silifke is and to Mersin is .
The cape and the surrounding.
The cape is actually the southernmost point of a circular spit of roughly diameter connected to the mainland by an isthmus. The spit is famous for being home to Aphrodisias of Cilicia and the istmus has a pair of bays one in each side. In the Middle Ages the east bay was named "Limni Aphrodisias" and the west bay was named "Limni Etheros" . Modern popular names are "Cleopatra's bay" for the east bay and "Pirates' bay" () for the west bay. Both bays are popular beaches and in fact the cape is named after a site of marine resorts just north of the isthmus. However owing to dominant lodos winds of the Mediterranean coast, the Pirates' bay is not as sheltered as the Cleoptra's bay.

</doc>
<doc id="31139688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139688" title="Sisid (TV series)">
Sisid (TV series)

Sisid (International title: "Pearl Diver") is a Philippine underwater action drama directed by Ricky Davao for GMA Network. It premiered on May 30, 2011, starring Jackie Rice, JC Tiuseco and Dominic Roco.
Production.
"Sisid" was first launched as part of GMA Network's "nationwide dominance" plug and was originally set to replace "Koreana" starting February 28. It was postponed because Jackie Rice, who plays the main character, did not know how to swim (as required by the show); she took swimming training and lessons before taping any episodes. "My Lover, My Wife" suddenly took out the time slot that was originally meant for "Sisid".
Synopsis.
The story revolves around the Perlante — a pearl that is believed to give wealth and comfort to anyone who gets it. This is one of the dreams of Eden, (Jackie Rice) to get the said mysterious pearl. Due to her expertise in diving, she is very confident that someday she will find it.

</doc>
<doc id="31139689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139689" title="Old Kaduna Airport">
Old Kaduna Airport

Old Kaduna Airport is an airport serving Kaduna, a city in the Kaduna State of Nigeria. It was replaced by Kaduna Airport, located 10 miles to the northwest.
It appears to be the headquarters of NAF Training Command with a flying training group and a ground training group at the base. The command is chiefly responsible for implementing NAF training policies. Ground training is also provided for support services and technical personnel.

</doc>
<doc id="31139692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139692" title="Memon">
Memon

Memon may refer to:
"Subdivided into:"

</doc>
<doc id="31139699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139699" title="Minangkabau">
Minangkabau

Minangkabau may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31139706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139706" title="Queer as Folk (season 2)">
Queer as Folk (season 2)

The second season of "Queer as Folk", an American and Canadian television series, consisted of twenty episodes and premiered on Showtime on January 6, 2002, in the United States and on Showcase on January 21, 2002, in Canada.
Episodes.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="31139716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139716" title="Ronnie Lazaro">
Ronnie Lazaro

Ronnie Lazaro (born November 14, 1957) is a Gawad Urian Award-winning Filipino film and television actor, producer, casting and art director.
He has received many nominations throughout his career as an actor, nine of which were for Best Supporting Actor, and two for Best Actor ("Ebolusyon" in 2005 and "Boatman" in 1984). His films received recognition not only in the Philippines but also in international film festivals such as Cannes, Berlin and Hong Kong. The short film "Anino" (English title: "Shadow"), where he played the lead, received the Palme d’Or in Cannes Film Festival in 2000. He is currently working on a saga, "Heremias", with Filipino director Lav Diaz, the first part of which has been shown for exhibition in the 23rd Turin Film Festival. He has also performed in several foreign projects filmed both in the Philippines and abroad.
Lazaro is also active in television and has appeared in various soap operas, such as "Kamada", winner of the Dove Awards in 1997, and "Anna Luna", where he was nominated for Best Supporting Actor in 1990.
Lazaro was born in Negros Occidental, Philippines. His roots are in theatre: He co-directed an improvisational play entitled "Pugakhang" in 1979, and has toured nationwide to stage several plays including "Hiblang Abo", which he co-produced.
Aside from his work as a film, theatre and television actor, Lazaro has had his share of achievements behind the camera. His art direction in "Manila by Night (City after Dark)" won the Best Production Design Award in 1981. A self-taught photographer, he also launched in January 2005 a photo exhibit in the Museo de la Cárcel Real in Cáceres, Spain entitled "Manila en las palmas de la luz" (Manila in the palms of light), which ran for two months. The same exhibit was again mounted in October 2006 in "Museo Perez Commendador–Leroux", coinciding with the 20th anniversary of the said museum.
The Gawad Urian Awards named Lazaro Best Actor in 2009 for his portrayal of a troubled father in the movie "Yanggaw" (English title: "Affliction"). He clinched two nominations from this same award-giving body in 2012: he was nominated as Best Actor for the film "Boundary", and for Best Supporting Actor for "".
Aside from his native Hiligaynon, Ronnie speaks Tagalog, English and a little Spanish.

</doc>
<doc id="31139729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139729" title="Anne Homer">
Anne Homer

Anne Homer Doerflinger (1907 – May 16, 1995) was an American writer who is best known for her short works of fiction. Under the name Anne Homer she published more than 100 short stories in magazines like "Good Housekeeping", "The Ladies Home Journal", "Mademoiselle", and "The Saturday Evening Post" among others. A 1929 graduate of Smith College, she was the daughter of composer Sidney Homer and opera singer Louise Homer. She notably penned a biography on her mother: "Louise Homer and the Golden Age of Opera" (1974, William Morrow and Company). 
Homer's sister was the author Joy Homer who died in 1946 at the age of 31 after a prolonged illness. Joy was married to editor William M. Doerflinger of E.P. Dutton and Macmillan Publishing, and the couple had one daughter together, Katherine. Anne took care of her sister and her family through the years illness, and following Joy's death, she became William's second wife. Anne and William had four children of their own together. 
Homer died at the age of 87 of cancer at Morristown Memorial Hospital in Morristown, New Jersey. 

</doc>
<doc id="31139733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139733" title="Gornje Laze">
Gornje Laze

Gornje Laze (; ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Semič in southeastern Slovenia. The municipality is included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. 

</doc>
<doc id="31139738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139738" title="School Lands">
School Lands

School Lands are land grants established in support of education. Support for public education in the United States predates the constitution; two years before the adoption of the United States Constitution of 1787, the Congress of the Confederation provided support for public schooling by establishing the land grants in the Land Ordinance of May 20, 1785 which granted Section 16 (one square mile) of every township to be used for public education: "There shall be reserved the Lot No. 16, of every township, for the maintenance of public schools within said township."
In the land ordinance, the "township" is not a civil township but a surveying unit: a six mile by six mile square, divided into 36 one square mile sections. The one square mile "Section 16" is located near the center of the township. (For states surveyed under the federal rectangular system, survey townships and civil townships usually have the same boundaries, but there are many exceptions.)
The School Lands are part of the Ohio Lands, comprising land grants in Ohio from the United States federal government for public schools. According to the "Official Ohio Lands Book", "by 1920, 73,155,075 acres of public land had been given by the federal government to the public land states in support of public schooling."
In the Land Ordinance of 1785 provision was also made by land grant for higher education (the College Lands).

</doc>
<doc id="31139739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139739" title="Mizo">
Mizo

Mizo may refer to:
Or, it may refer
Related towns/cities
Other Related

</doc>
<doc id="31139749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139749" title="William Bean">
William Bean

William Bean (December 9, 1721 – May 1782) was a Trans-Appalachian pioneer; longhunter; and Commissioner of North Carolina's Washington District.
Personal life.
William Bean was born December 9, 1721 in St. Stephens Parish, Northumberland County, Virginia. In 1741 he married Lydia Russell (b. September 29, 1726). They were to become the future Tennessee area's first permanent European-American settlers; and were both of Scottish descent.
Frontier settler.
Bean was an associate of Daniel Boone's and a fellow longhunter. In 1769, he built a cabin close to the junction of Boone's Creek and Watauga Creek, near what is today Johnson City, Tennessee. It is said that either Bean visited the site with Boone, or Boone and a friend, Richard Callaway, visited it when exploring as agents for Richard Henderson, a land speculator who later played an important role in the early settlement of Tennessee.
Later that year, the first child of permanent European-American settlers born in Tennessee, Russell Bean, was born there.
Later life.
Bean's cabin soon attracted other pioneer families, who participated in the formation of the Watauga Association, a semi-autonomous colony.
After its formation in 1776, Bean was named a Commissioner of North Carolina's Washington District.
Death.
Bean died in May 1782 at German Creek, Washington County, North Carolina (now Grainger County, Tennessee).
Namesake.
Later relatives of Bean established what became Bean Station, in present day Grainger County, Tennessee.

</doc>
<doc id="31139750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139750" title="Mnong">
Mnong

Mnong may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31139763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139763" title="Benigno V Aldana National High School">
Benigno V Aldana National High School

Benigno V. Aldana National High School (BVANHS), formerly Pozorrubio Junior High School, Pozorrubio High School, and Benigno V. Aldana National Memorial High School, is a public high school located and serves Pozorrubio, Pangasinan, Philippines and nearby towns with about 2,500 students each year and 111 teachers in its faculty.
History.
BVANHS was established on July 15, 1946 and initially having 235 students. Its first classrooms were located in several sites at the heart of the town. Locations of the first classrooms were at Don Andres Olarte's residence at Sison Street, Don Gerardo Nabor Sr.'s residence at Espiritu Street, old Itliong-Estaris residence at Rizal Street (now property of a bank), Jovellanos-Venezualla ancestral house (oldest structure standing in Pozorrubio at 131 years as of 2013), Andres Aldana Sr.'s house (now abandoned) at Espiritu Street, and Orestes Olarte abode at Caballero Street. The very first school principal was Enrique Telesforo from Lingayen. The first class graduated in 1947 with 37 graduates and their graduation ceremony was held at the Plaza Pergola at the heart of the town.
Right after that, the school was moved to its permanent location in Barangay Cablong, Pozorrubio, Pangasinan with three hectares of land donated by Don and Doña Orestes and Cion Olarte. Later on, 3.7 more hectares of land was purchased using money raised from fund-raising and contributions initiated by the Parents-Teachers Association established by the school.
Class '49 was the first one to have a secondary section that divided the graduation class into two sections of 56 and 26 students.
Enrique was then replaced by Candelario Quinto in 1948 as principal of the school followed by Mr. Numerio Mac. Vinluan in 1952, and then later succeeded by Brigida Q. Magno in 1967 until Martial Law was declared in 1972. Orlando Perez then served as principal from 1975 to November 2001, followed by Alfredo Calugay who served as principal for almost three years when he was reassigned to another school in 2004 due to issues regarding his professional career in the school. Agnes Raguinan was then appointed as OIC (Officer-In-Charge) by the Division II, Region I, Office of the Department of Education of the Philippines in 2004 to 2006. Dr. Roberto B. Quezon now seats as the current principal of the school after being appointed as OIC in 2006 and promoted to the position in 2008.
The Campus.
Many changes took place physically in the school in its early years such as the cogon-wildgrass rooftops and sawali walls which was then gradually replaced with newer and more durable materials such as cement and steel. Presently, the school is considered as one of the best in the Philippines with regards to availability of resources and educational facilities. The campus now boasts 17 modern buildings, 10 relaxation ares and study sheds, a Library and Media Center, a Computer Building, a mini Theater, an audio-visual room, a Student's Worship Center (notably a first in public high schools in the area). Also several individual Department Centers, four canteens (including one main cafeteria), two sheltered stage areas, one basketball court, one badminton court, one volleyball court, a fishpond and agricultural area, a botanical park, and a large open space quadrangle. The school also boasts its green environment with almost every area covered and shaded with trees and garbage cans spread everywhere to keep the environment clean.
Furthermore, the campus hosts a local museum of artifacts for the town, and other historical legacies donated to the school.
Most of the improvements of the campus are donated by alumni and parents of students of the school. Further expansion and developments are still performed to accommodate the increasing student population size.

</doc>
<doc id="31139764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139764" title="Quadrologue at Utopia">
Quadrologue at Utopia

Quadrologue at Utopia is a live album by jazz pianist Mal Waldron featuring Jim Pepper recorded in 1989 and released on the German Tutu label. 
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 3 stars. 

</doc>
<doc id="31139768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139768" title="Janus del Prado">
Janus del Prado

Janus del Prado born as Janus Renato Robles Mateo del Prado on November 19, 1984, is a Filipino actor and comedian and he is the youngest son of veteran action star Renato Del Prado and Amelia Robles-del Prado.
Career.
His first career started as a child star when he is in the "gag-variety" show for kids in the Philippines, Ang TV in 1992 with John Prats, Patrick Garcia, Kaye Abad and many others. He did a lot of shows in ABS-CBN and GMA Network and later focuses on the Kapamilya Network.
Janus and his ex-girlfriend Carla Humphries, did the anthology Maalaala Mo Kaya, Langis episode. Aside from that Episode, he teamed-up with Frenchie Dy as her love interest.

</doc>
<doc id="31139769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139769" title="Max Poepel">
Max Poepel

Max Poepel (21 October 1896 – 28 August 1966) was the acting Lord Mayor ("Oberbürgermeister") of Aue in the German federal state of Saxony from the end of 1945. In this capacity he prevented the destruction of the most important bridges in the industrial town by German Wehrmacht forces.
Life and works.
Poepel was born on 21 October 1896 in Aue in the German state of Saxony, the son of a smith, Albin Poepel. At 18 years of age Max Poepel became a soldier in the First World War, where he obtained a driving licence and worked as a vehicle driver. Following his return to his home town he finished his education and became a master smith. He eventually took over his father's horseshoe workshop and smithy and developed it into a car workshop because of increasing motorisation. In the 1930s he had the Ford franchise for Aue and the surrounding area. In 1933 he joined the Nazi Motor Corps (NSKK). Due to differences of opinion with the leadership of the Corps he was later banned. In the same period Poepel was elected to the town council. When the Lord Mayor, Paul Geipel, was called up for Wehrmacht service in 1940 Poepel deputised as Lord Mayor and, from January 1945, he became the acting Lord Mayor ("kommissarischer Oberbürgermeister"). In spring of 1945 he learned that a unit from the American Army was advancing on the town from the west. A Wehrmacht combat commander who had only just been appointed, and who was subordinated to a unit of SS storm troopers, had ensured that Aue was ready to defend itself, true to the "Führer's" orders. As part of the defensive preparations the key bridges were fitted with explosive charges and three twin machine guns were placed around the railway station. At the final council meeting on 25 April 1945 the military situation was discussed. The combat commander reported on the planned defensive measures and the consequences of surrender: the Mayor of Lößnitz, Rudolf Weber, had just been shot because he had surrendered the town to the Americans without a fight.
Although Poepel was a member of the Nazi Party and in spite of the threat of coercion he took responsibility for the inhabitants and the refugees staying in the town. When he heard of the refusal of the Head of the Technical Emergency Service ("Technische Nothilfe") to blow up the bridges, Poepel looked to an ally in Captain Zind of the Army engineers. With Poepel's personal guarantee the latter was able to persuade the divisional headquarters to have anti-tank obstacles built instead of blowing up the bridges. Within four days members of the Technical Emergency Service built numerous anti-tank obstacles on the key bridges in Aue, using wooden beams and stones ridges. On 4 May 1945 only a weak US armoured reconnaissance troop reached the town, but was able to take it without fighting by bypassing the tank traps. The events of those days were held in Max Poepel's personal records which were found in 1991 and titled "The Last Days of the Third Reich in Aue, as I experienced it as a Town Councillor and Deputy Mayor". The complete text is in Aue's district archives. An abridged version was printed in 1991 and 1992 as a serialization in the daily newspaper, "Freie Presse".
The Americans did not occupy Aue administratively, but took some war booty from the inhabitants, including watches, binoculars, cameras and jewelry. When the Red Army took over the town from the Americans in accordance with the division of Germany into occupation zones after the Yalta Conference in June 1945, Max Poepel was arrested by the Soviet occupation forces, despite his record and the support of some anti-fascists. Up to 1949 he was held in a number of NKVD special camps like Torgau, Mühlberg and Buchenwald. In 1950, Poepel returned to Aue and was able to take over his garage business again, which had been run during his absence by its master mechanic, Fritz Taut. The garage's most important work was to repair existing cars, since there were hardly any new cars. Poepel led this workshop until his death in 1966. 
Max Poepel was married to Greta, née Schulz, and they had a daughter, Anneliese. Anneliese Poepel studied under the strict tutelage of her father's car mechanic, passed the trade test and later received the master's certificate. She married Erich Schmutzler, who manufactured cutting and punching tools in several of the rooms in his father-in-law's workshop. After Poepel's death in Aue on 28 August 1966, Schmutzler at first allowed the garage to be run under by an employee and ran the cutter and punch business himself. When the number of employees working for independent artisans became regulated by the authorities, Erich Schmutzler finally gave up Max Poepel's garage in 1969.
Max Poepel's urn was buried in the family grave in Aue-Zelle. Anneliese Schmutzler, née Poepel, died in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="31139790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139790" title="The Islamic Academy">
The Islamic Academy

The Islamic Academy for Peace (Arabic: الأكاديمية الإسلامية) is a private
Islamic elementary and middle school, with grades PreK–8 in Methuen, Massachusetts. It had its beginnings in 2001, with a few teachers and a handful of students. Today, the school has grown to have a staff of teachers and over 150 students. The school plans to expand to include a high school with the 2013-2014 academic year.
Each day, children pray the mid-day prayer at school. Salat-ul-Jumu'ah, or the Friday prayers, are attended by the upper-grade students at the Selimiye Camii Mosque, located within walking distance.
Background.
The school was founded in 2001. It is located at 125 Oakland Ave, Methuen, Massachusetts.
Ratings.
TIA has been rated by many school rating companies, such as Great Schools, Education.com, and Private School Review.
Hajj Re-enactment Day, 2007.
The Hajj Re-enactment Day of 2007 was covered by the local press, in a feature program, "Sounds of the Season".
An exclusive video can be found at the school's site.
Competitions.
Jowdy World Knowledge Challenge.
TIA takes part in an annual world geography competition held at the Lawrence Public Library. We placed first last year and this year.
! Year
! Rank
2012- First Place in Jowdy Tournament
2013- First Place in Jowdy Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="31139811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139811" title="Nanai">
Nanai

Nanai may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31139833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139833" title="Churchgate railway station">
Churchgate railway station

Churchgate is a terminus station on the Western Line of the Mumbai Suburban Railway. It is located in Churchgate in South Mumbai.
Churchgate station gets its name from Church Gate street which is on the immediate south of the station. This is the first station of the Western Railway suburban network of Mumbai. Churchgate station is a terminus of Western Railway line of Mumbai suburban railway. It is the southernmost station of the city, though up to the 1931, Colaba was the southernmost station, however the rail line was removed beyond Churchgate, making Churchgate the southernmost station. 
The Bombay, Baroda and Central India Railway (present Western Railway) was inaugurated in 1855 with the construction of rail line(BG) between Ankleshwar and Uttaran (a distance of 29 miles).
In 1859 this line was further extended on the west coast up to Bombay. By 1867, a track along the foreshore, further than Grant Road station was constructed, up to the station named as "Bombay Backbay" near Marine Lines.
On 12 April 1867, the first suburban train was started with one train each way from Virar to Bombay Back Bay.
The stations were then named, "Viraur, Neela, Bassein, Panje, Borewla, Pahadee, Andaru, Santa Cruz, Bandora, Mahim, Dadur, Grant Road and Bombay Backbay".
In year 1870, Churchgate was first time mentioned as the station.
The line further extended towards Colaba in 1872, and goods shed was built there.
In year 1896, a brand new station was established at Colaba to serve as terminus for both passenger and suburban lines.
The Government of Bombay issued order to the railway to hand over the section of rail line between Churchgate and Colaba.
Therefore Bombay Central (Mumbai Central), a new station was constructed near Bellasis Bridge, which was opened on 18 December 1930.
From the midnight of 31 December, Colaba, ceased to be a terminus.
It is home to the Western Railway headquarters. The older Western Railway headquarters is across the road. Today, the station is one of the busiest stations in the city. Trains every minute with clockwork precision. Millions of city dwellers residing in the suburbs alight at this station to get to their offices in the business districts of south Mumbai.
The station is the terminus for local trains on Western Railways. The earliest train departs at 4:15 AM for Virar, and the last train at 1:00 AM towards Borivali.
Till 2010, the station had platforms which could accommodate 9 and 12 coach trains. But with the introduction of 15-coach trains there was a need to extend the length of the platform. Hence in Dec 2010 work began on extension of the platforms to accommodate the 15-coach trains.

</doc>
<doc id="31139836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139836" title="Brian Claar">
Brian Claar

Brian J. Claar (born July 29, 1959) is an American professional golfer.
Claar was born in Santa Monica, California. He play college golf at the University of Tampa where he was a two-time All-American. He was inducted into their Athletic Hall of Fame in 1989.
Claar turned professional in 1981. He played on the PGA Tour from 1986 to 1998. He was selected as the PGA Rookie of the Year in 1986. His best finish was a T-2 at the 1991 AT&T Pebble Beach National Pro-Am. He then played primarily on the Nationwide Tour from 1999 to 2002. His best finishes on this tour were a pair of T-2s in 2002, a playoff loss at the Hershey Open and T-2 at the Utah Classic. 
Claar twice finished in the top-10 at a major. At the 1989 U.S. Open, he finished fifth, two shots behind Curtis Strange. At the 1992 PGA Championship, he finished tied for ninth, six shots behind Nick Price.
Claar has recently worked as Champions Tour official.
Results in major championships.
DNP = Did not play<br>
CUT = missed the half-way cut<br>
"T" = tied<br>
Yellow background for top-10.

</doc>
<doc id="31139859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139859" title="The Chess Set">
The Chess Set

The Chess Set is a 2005 Australian short subject depicting two old men Stuart Wagstaff and Frank Wilson who enjoy their daily chess game in a park. One day a young stranger (Nathaniel Dean) joins them to watch their game, leaving his blood on one of the men. Grief soon follows, but turns to hope.
Frank Wilson won the award for Best Actor at the New York International Independent Film and Video Festival but died the next day.

</doc>
<doc id="31139870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139870" title="Kirikkale Science High School">
Kirikkale Science High School

Kirikkale Science High School () is a public boarding high school in Kirikkale, Turkey with a curriculum concentrated on natural sciences and mathematics. Science High Schools (Turkish: Fen Lisesi - FL) are public boarding high schools in Turkey aimed to train exceptionally talented students on a curriculum concentrated on natural sciences and mathematics. Kirikkale Science High School is ranked within the top 50 high schools in Turkey based on the success of its students in the national university entrance examination. The school admits 96 students annually. The prospective students are selected upon their performance in the national high school entrance examination with a 99.2 percentile ranking. The admissions to the science high school are through a competitive national high school entrance examination.
The first science high school was established in 1964 in Ankara with a funding from the Ford Foundation. The school was modeled after the American counterparts like the Bronx High School of Science. Due to the considerable success of its alumni in all aspects of professional life and academia, science high school concept is spread around the country and now there are public and private science high schools in all major cities. Being one of them Kirikkale Science High School is now one of the most prominent science high schools in Turkey.
The language of education is Turkish with English as a second language. Emphasis is given to mathematics and natural sciences including physics, chemistry and biology in the curriculum. There are also selective courses on advanced topics in physics, chemistry, biology, mathematics and analytical geometry.
The school has an optional boarding system with a comprehensive study program. These programs include four hours of etude sections every day divided into morning and afternoon sessions under the supervision of faculty members.

</doc>
<doc id="31139871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139871" title="William J. Whalen">
William J. Whalen

William Joseph Whalen (January 1, 1926 – March 25, 2008) was a nationally-known American non-fiction writer and an expert on comparative religion.
Whalen attended the University of Notre Dame and received degrees from Marquette and Northwestern. He was an information officer with the U. S. Navy during World War II and served on Saipan and Guam.
For over forty years Whalen worked at Purdue University as a professor of communication. From 1950 he also directed the publications program at that school and in 1960 helped found Purdue University Press. 
Whalen, a Roman Catholic, authored or co-authored fifteen books and wrote over two hundred articles, pamphlets and encyclopedia articles. Much of his writing compares Catholicism with other beliefs. 
He died in 2008 at the age of 82 in West Lafayette, Indiana. At his death, he was director emeritus of university publications and professor emeritus of communication.

</doc>
<doc id="31139872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139872" title="Bombshells (House)">
Bombshells (House)

"Bombshells" is the fifteenth episode of the seventh season of the American medical drama "House". It aired on March 7, 2011.
Plot.
A teenager is admitted to the hospital after spitting up blood. Taub also discovers that the boy has been depressed and appears to have been cutting himself. More concern arises when the team breaks into the boy's house and finds his school yearbook with his classmates' faces crossed out and threatening words written about the school, and when Taub checks the contents of the boy's flash drive, he finds disturbing videos of him blowing up homemade pipe bombs and appearing to show misanthropic and sociopathic tendencies. 
It is discovered that a piece of one of the bombs ended up lodged in his system, and the foreign material is what has caused his various medical maladies. Taub, however, is torn between sending the videos to the authorities throughout the case, but in the end, decides to mail the flash drive to the police.
Meanwhile, Cuddy finds blood in her urine and undergoes tests for possible kidney cancer, while House grapples with emotionally supporting her, avoiding her, and denying that she is actually sick. Cuddy goes through several dreams while hospitalized culminating in a stylized version of "Get Happy" before her kidney problems were found to be a benign tumor. 
One of Cuddy's dreams recreates the final scene in Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid with House and Cuddy in the roles of Butch and Sundance.
After speaking with her sister, Cuddy realizes that when House came to see her during her illness, he was under the influence of Vicodin. Realizing that he is unable to open up completely and share the pain that she considers to be part of any meaningful relationship, she ends their relationship. 
The episode is concluded with a scene that echoes the last scene of the previous season's finale ("Help Me"): House is sitting on his bathroom floor with a bottle of Vicodin in his hand. He expectantly looks at the doorway. Resigned, and with no Cuddy to save him, he takes the pills.
Reception.
Critical response.
The AV Club gave this episode a B+ rating.

</doc>
<doc id="31139888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139888" title="William Whalen">
William Whalen

William Whalen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31139912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139912" title="Moshidora (film)">
Moshidora (film)

Story.
The movie is about Minami Kawashima (played by Atsuko Maeda), a high school girl who becomes the manager of her school's baseball team in place of her hospitalized friend, Yuki Miyata (Haruna Kawaguchi). She tries to lead the team to the National High School Baseball Championship by learning strategies from the business book "Management: Tasks, Responsibilities, Practices" by Peter Drucker, which she mistakenly bought.
Filming.
Development.
"Moshidora" was first announced on 13 December 2010, together with the main cast. The main character would be played by Atsuko Maeda in her first lead film role. Although the book was modeled on her fellow AKB48 member Minami Minegishi, Atsuko Maeda was chosen because she had more acting experience. Minami Minegishi will also star in the film as a supporting character.
Music.
"Moshidora"'s theme song was announced to be the song "Everyday, Kachūsha", sung by idol group AKB48. The lyrics of this song was written by Yasushi Akimoto, and the music was composed by Yoshimasa Inoue.
Release.
Box office.
"Moshidora" was first released in Japanese cinemas on June 4, 2011. It debuted in the 4th position at the Japanese box office with a total gross of US$2,232,675 in its debut weekend.
Soundtrack disc.
The oringnal soundtrack for the film "Moshidora" was released on 1 June 2011 by Sony Music Entertainment Japan.
Merchandise.
Official visual book.
An official visual book of the "Moshidora" film was released on 28 May 2011. It contains photographs of the making of the film.

</doc>
<doc id="31139915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139915" title="Queer as Folk (season 3)">
Queer as Folk (season 3)

The third season of "Queer as Folk", an American and Canadian television series, consisted of fourteen episodes and premiered on Showtime on March 2, 2003, in the United States and on Showcase on April 7, 2003, in Canada.
Episodes.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="31139924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139924" title="Cache language model">
Cache language model

A cache language model is a type of statistical language model. These occur in the natural language processing subfield of computer science and assign probabilities to given sequences of words by means of a probability distribution. Statistical language models are key components of speech recognition systems and of many machine translation systems: they tell such systems which possible output word sequences are probable and which are improbable. The particular characteristic of a cache language model is that it contains a cache component and assigns relatively high probabilities to words or word sequences that occur elsewhere in a given text. The primary, but by no means sole, use of cache language models is in speech recognition systems.
To understand why it is a good idea for a statistical language model to contain a cache component one might consider someone who is dictating a letter about elephants to a speech recognition system. Standard (non-cache) N-gram language models will assign a very low probability to the word “elephant” because it is a very rare word in English. If the speech recognition system does not contain a cache component the person dictating the letter may be annoyed: each time the word “elephant” is spoken another sequence of words with a higher probability according to the N-gram language model may be recognized (e.g., “tell a plan”). These erroneous sequences will have to be deleted manually and replaced in the text by “elephant” each time “elephant” is spoken. If the system has a cache language model, “elephant” will still probably be misrecognized the first time it is spoken and will have to be entered into the text manually; however, from this point on the system is aware that “elephant” is likely to occur again – the estimated probability of occurrence of “elephant” has been increased, making it more likely that if it is spoken it will be recognized correctly. Once “elephant” has occurred several times the system is likely to recognize it correctly every time it is spoken until the letter has been completely dictated. This increase in the probability assigned to the occurrence of "elephant" is an example of a consequence of machine learning and more specifically of pattern recognition.
There exist variants of the cache language model in which not only single words but also multi-word sequences that have occurred previously are assigned higher probabilities (e.g., if “San Francisco” occurred near the beginning of the text subsequent instances of it would be assigned a higher probability).
The cache language model was first proposed in a paper published in 1990, after which the IBM speech-recognition group experimented with the concept. The group found that implementation of a form of cache language model yielded a 24% drop in word-error rates once the first few hundred words of a document had been dictated. A detailed survey of language modeling techniques concluded that the cache language model was one of the few new language modeling techniques that yielded improvements over the standard N-gram approach: “Our caching results show that caching is by far the most useful technique for perplexity reduction at small and medium training data sizes". 
The development of the cache language model has generated considerable interest among those concerned with computational linguistics in general and statistical natural language processing in particular: recently there has been interest in applying the cache language model in the field of statistical machine translation.
The success of the cache language model in improving word prediction rests on the human tendency to use words in a “bursty” fashion: when one is discussing a certain topic in a certain context the frequency with which one uses certain words will be quite different from their frequencies when one is discussing other topics in other contexts. The traditional N-gram language models, which rely entirely on information from a very small number (four, three, or two) of words preceding the word to which a probability is to be assigned, do not adequately model this “burstiness”.

</doc>
<doc id="31139930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139930" title="William C. Butler">
William C. Butler

Captain William Charles Butler (17 January 1844 – 6 December 1914) played football for England against a Scottish XI in two unofficial internationals in 1870 and 1871. He subsequently became a J.P. and Registrar in Cumberland.
Family.
Butler was the son of Captain Charles George Butler R.N. (1793–1867) and Emily Bayford. His paternal grandfather was Sir Richard Butler, 7th Baronet.
In July 1877, he married Emily Chadwick; they had six children – three daughters and three sons. The sons were:
Football career.
Butler was a member of the Barnes and Civil Service football clubs. In March 1870, he was invited by the Wanderers' captain, C.W. Alcock to take part in a match between "England" and "Scotland". This was the first of five "pseudo-internationals" which took place before the first officially recognized international in November 1872. He was the only member of the England XI who was not a member of the Wanderers club.
His second appearance for England came in February 1871; the match report included an early reference to the Combination Game style of football: It seemed as if the defence would prove more than equal to the attack, until a well-executed run-down by C.W. Alcock, W.C. Butler and R.S.F. Walker, acting in concert, enabled the last-named of the trio to equalise the score by the accomplishment of a well-merited goal for England.
Later career.
Butler was enlisted in the Third Battalion, The Border Regiment where in 1884 he reached the rank of Captain.
He was later a Justice of the peace (J.P.) for Cumberland and held the office of Registrar of the Probate Division of the High Court of Justice.

</doc>
<doc id="31139940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139940" title="European Depositary Receipt">
European Depositary Receipt

A European Depositary Receipt (EDR) represents ownership in the shares of a non-European company that trades in European financial markets. It is a European equivilant of the original American Depository Receipts (ADR). The EDR is issued by a bank in Europe representing stocks traded on an exchange outside of the bank’s home country.
The stock of some non-European companies trade on European stock exchanges like London Stock Exchange through the use of EDRs. EDRs enable European investors to buy shares in foreign companies without the hazards or inconveniences of cross-border and cross-currency transactions. EDRs can be issued in any currency, but euro is the most common currency for this type of security. If the EDR is issued in Euro's the EDRs carry prices in Euro, pay dividends in Euro, and can be traded like the shares of European-based companies.

</doc>
<doc id="31139953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139953" title="More Git' Go at Utopia">
More Git' Go at Utopia

"More Git' Go at Utopia" is a live album by jazz pianist Mal Waldron featuring Jim Pepper recorded in 1989 and released on the German Tutu label.

</doc>
<doc id="31139958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139958" title="Sandhyakku Virinja Poovu">
Sandhyakku Virinja Poovu

Sandhyakku Virinja Poovu () is a 1983 Malayalam film written by Thoppil Bhasi and directed by P. G. Viswambharan. Seema, Mammootty, Adoor Bhasi, Shankar and Mohanlal play the major roles.This was the first superhit movie of Mammootty as a hero.
Plot.
Dr. Baladevi (Seema) is a gynecologist. She lost her parents at a young age and is deeply attached to her only brother Thilakan (Shankar). Thilakan gets an opportunity to pursue his study in U. S. As he was about to depart, he tells Baladevi about his girlfriend Subhashini and wanted Baladevi to take care of her. The twist comes when Subhashini informs Baladevi that she was raped by a man and is pregnant. She wants Baladevi to abort her child. However, she dies during the MTP surgery and Baladevi gets into an allegation and legal case related to that death. A case is filed by Subhashini's cousin Ramu (Mohanlal), who also tries to blackmail Baladevi for money. Baladevi is helped by Adv. Jayamohan (Mammootty), who has a weakness for ladies. The verdict came in favour of Baladevi, who eventually falls for Jayamohan, whose lifestyle changes after involving in relation with her. Meanwhile, Jayamohan also reveals that Subhashini has had relations with many men including him, and Ramu was a pimp than a cousin for her.The story is based on the novel by P.R Shyamala,published in 1984.
Soundtrack.
The film features three songs written by noted poet O. N. V. Kurup and composed by Ilayaraja.

</doc>
<doc id="31139969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139969" title="Osing">
Osing

Osing may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31139973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139973" title="Hinshaw">
Hinshaw


</doc>
<doc id="31139989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139989" title="Larne Museum and Arts Centre">
Larne Museum and Arts Centre

Larne Museum and Arts Centre is a local museum based in Larne, County Antrim, Northern Ireland.
The museum is based in the local Carnegie Library, which was originally opened in 1906, which also houses Larne Drama Circle, Larne Art Club and the Larne and District Historical Society as well as the Museum.
The museum hosts a series of exhibitions, including scientific, historical and art events. There are also a series of family events at the centre.
The museum is managed by Larne Borough Council, and forms part of the Mid-Antrim Museums Service alongside similar local museums in Ballymena, Carrickfergus and Newtownabbey.

</doc>
<doc id="31139993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31139993" title="Pipil">
Pipil

Pipil may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31140003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140003" title="The Intercontinental Church of God">
The Intercontinental Church of God

__NOTOC__
The Intercontinental Church of God (ICG) is a seventh-day Sabbatarian Christian church currently headquartered in Tyler, Texas, USA, which was founded by Garner Ted Armstrong (1930-2003) in 1998 after his forcible removal from the Church of God International over allegations of sexual assault.
ICG produces a television program and has congregations in the United States, Canada and Australia. It also works together with independently registered church groups such as "Syvende dags Kristne" (Seventh Day Christians—Norway) and Seventh Day Christians in the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="31140008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140008" title="Schneider ES-60">
Schneider ES-60

__NOTOC__
The Schneider ES-60 "Boomerang" is a single-seat glider that was designed and manufactured in Australia in the 1960s. It is constructed of wood and fabric. It was designed and manufactured by Edmund Schneider Pty Ltd of Adelaide, South Australia. The "Boomerang" has an all-moving, swept tailplane that resembles a boomerang and hence the name given to the ES-60. A version with a conventional straight stabiliser and moving elevator was also manufactured, called the ES-60B "Super Arrow".
In the 1950s Edmund Schneider Pty Ltd manufactured a number of Schleicher Ka 6 gliders, under licence from Alexander Schleicher of Germany. However, the Ka 6 with its low wing loading proved to be unsuited as a competition glider in Australia's strong summer thermal conditions. The Gliding Federation of Australia asked Edmund Schneider to design and manufacture a competition sailplane better suited to Australian conditions. The result was the ES-60 "Boomerang".

</doc>
<doc id="31140046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140046" title="Traw">
Traw

Traw may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31140055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140055" title="Subiya">
Subiya

Subiya may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31140106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140106" title="Golden Voyages">
Golden Voyages

Golden Voyages is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the "Advanced Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game, published in 1992.
Contents.
In "Golden Voyages", the player characters are cast adrift on the Crowded Sea, then sent on side-trips to the Strait of Sorrow and the Steaming Isles.
Cook calls this "Sinbad in a box." The linking story sends the PCs on a rambling ocean voyage to seek a Great Treasure in an archipelago thick with wonders. The Dungeon Master (DM) chooses one of ten Treasures suited to the inclinations of his group (power gamers, warlords, role-players, story-tellers, or puzzle solvers), then plants clues that lure the PCs through seven mini-adventures in any order the DM likes.
Publication history.
"Golden Voyages" was written by David "Zeb" Cook, and published by TSR Inc.
Reception.
Rick Swan reviewed "Golden Voyages" for "Dragon" magazine #198 (October 1993). He recommends the adventure for Dungeon Masters who can't get their "AD&D" Al-Qadim campaigns off the ground: "Check out this dazzler of an adventure, a seamless blend of role-playing, problem solving, and swashbuckling action", which was "Loosely based on the legends of Sinbad". He suggests that the "inventive format" of the adventure "allows the Dungeon Master to shuffle the encounters without affecting the plot. He can also tailor the rewards to fit the players’ personalities; successful Story-Tellers may be given a Book of Lore (which grants the equivalent of a "legend lore" spell once per week), while Power Gamers might earn a Blade of Mastery (an ethereal weapon that boosts ability scores). This is first-rate."
Allen Varney reviewed "Golden Voyages" for "Dragon" magazine #219 (July 1995). He calls the linking story "impressive in its transparency". Varney concludes his review by stating: "Zeb Cook doesn't sink the PCs as often as the tales sank Sinbad; that happened at least once per voyage, if memory serves. Nonetheless, he captures perfectly the atmosphere and morality of the setting. Island fish! Lodestones that pull metal from hundreds of yards away! Black pearls that cause maelstroms, an Isle of Sadness where melancholy inhabitants seek the True Sorrow, a notorious thief who by an amazing coincidence looks exactly like a PC! The adventures here practically glow with the spirit of the Arabian Nights. We also get plenty of information on dhows, baghlas, booms, and other vessels; details on hiring crews and running journeys, and stories, stories, stories. Though its profusion of little booklets and sheets challenges the DM's tracking ability — can you find the adventure's finale? — "Golden Voyages" still makes an excellent introduction to Al-Qadim adventuring."

</doc>
<doc id="31140107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140107" title="2011 Yunnan earthquake">
2011 Yunnan earthquake

The 2011 Yunnan earthquake was a 5.4 magnitude earthquake that occurred on 10 March 2011 at 12:58 CST, with its epicenter in Yingjiang County, Yunnan, People's Republic of China, near the Burmese border. A total of 26 people died and 313 were injured with 133 in serious condition. China's Xinhua reports that up to seven aftershocks, measuring up to a magnitude of 4.7, followed the initial quake, which caused a total of 127,000 people to be evacuated to nearby shelters. It joined over 1,000 other minor tremors that affected the region in the two preceding months. Following damage surveys, officials reported that 1,039 buildings were destroyed and 4,994 more were seriously damaged. The earthquake occurred one day before a much larger earthquake struck Japan that also formed a tsunami.
Damage and casualties.
The epicenter was from the center of the county, which has a population of more than 270,000 people and is home to several of China's ethnic minorities. The state news agency reports that an estimate of 1,200 houses and apartments collapsed and that around 17,500 were severely damaged. The surrounding area also suffered through power outages caused by the quake and several aftershocks. It is not known if there were any casualties or damage in Burma. Although there was a power outage telecommunications continued to work after the earthquake. Close to 127,100 people were evacuated from Yingjiang County following the quake, which affected a total of 344,600 people.
China Central Television showed damaged buildings with debris around as police officers directed traffic on a chaotic street. A local reported the extent of the damage to the BBC, saying, " of a supermarket building had collapsed. Three other big buildings nearby were also badly destroyed", and that "the walls of almost all the houses had collapsed."
Small tremors had been occurring in this region for two months and caused damage to many local buildings. A seismologist explained that the strength of this earthquake was enough to let damaged buildings collapse.
Reaction.
The Chinese media reported that 5,000 tents, 10,000 quilts and nearly 1,000 troops were being sent to the area to aid the rescue efforts. The Macao Red Cross also offered 200,000 RMB as a relief fund for the earthquake. Xinhua has described the area as a "Quake Prone belt" as there have been a thousand tremors in the area in recent months. There were multiple aftershocks as rescue efforts got underway by firefighters and other rescuers. The Chinese government allocated 55 million yuan to relief efforts on 11 March while the Ministry of Finance gave 50 million yuan for infrastructure repair. The earthquake forced the delay of a planned 180,000-kW hydroelectricity project in the Nujiang River Valley.

</doc>
<doc id="31140119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140119" title="Champions of Mystara">
Champions of Mystara

Champions of Mystara is an accessory for the "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game, published in 1993.
Contents.
This boxed set for the "Dungeons & Dragons" game is based on the "Princess Ark" chronicles from the pages of "Dragon" magazine, and includes everything needed to build a campaign around Prince Haldemar of Haaken and his skyship. The "Designer's Manual" explains how to construct skyships from scratch and launch them into outer space. The void between worlds is as frigid as an arctic night, negative gravity planes can cause vessels to capsize in mid-air, and passengers who do not wear air masks or cast spells to create an atmosphere are at risk of suffocation.
This boxed set includes the following items:
Publication history.
"Champions of Mystara" was designed by Ann Dupuis and Bruce A. Heard, and published by TSR as a boxed set containing eight vehicle blueprints and four poster maps. The box art was by Robh Ruppel, with book cover art by Fred Fields and interior art by Terry Dykstra. The publication date is 1993.
Reception.
Rick Swan reviewed "Champions of Mystara" for "Dragon" magazine #202 (February 1994). He suggests that fans "mourning the loss of the "Princess Ark" chronicles [...] can console themselves with this lavish boxed set". He compared the space exploration feature of the set to the Spelljammer setting for "AD&D", noting that "Mystara physics aren't nearly as cooperative", begging the question, "You thought piloting an Alphatian yacht would be easy?"

</doc>
<doc id="31140128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140128" title="Castles Forlorn">
Castles Forlorn

Castles Forlorn is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the "Advanced Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game, published in 1993.
Contents.
In "Castles Forlorn", the player characters explore the eight-level Tristenoria mansion, which exists simultaneously in three time periods, though all three incarnations occupy the same physical space. Castle A, the first incarnation, exists (in 1939 on the Forfar calendar) when the mortar is still fresh, the candelabras still gleam, and the view out the window shows green hills and bright skies. A century later, Castle B exists in a time where supernatural disasters have cracked the plaster, shattered the glass, and blackened the skies. In 2122, Castle C lies in ruin; cobwebs choke the corridors, the walls have collapsed, and the view from the windows reveals a ravaged landscape and scavenging monsters.
While exploring the castle, the PCs activate temporal shifts that spin the castle into the three different eras. By assigning colors to the various incarnations (red for Castle A, blue for Castle B, green for Castle C), the poster map shows which rooms and doors exist in each period. The text offers suggestions for handling paradoxes (such as when different PCs occupy the same room in different time periods) and measuring time. (Time may pass independently in each incarnation.)
The rest of the package focuses on the domain of Forlorn and its minions. Tristen ApBlanc, the lord of Forlorn is part vampire and part ghost. A section on druidism reveals the spell-casting secrets of redheaded humans. Landmarks include a granite cliff that weeps blood and a half-mile fissure that spews yellow vapor to enshroud the domain.
Publication history.
"Castles Forlorn" was published by TSR, Inc. as a boxed set containing one 96-page book, two 32-page books, one double-sided 32" x 21" map sheet, one single-sided 32" x 21" map sheet, and one 32" x 21" poster. Design was by Lisa Smedman and editing by David Wise, with a cover by Dana M. Knutson and illustrations by Stephen Fabian, Arnie Swekel, and Robert Klasnich.
Reception.
Rick Swan reviewed "Castles Forlorn" for "Dragon" magazine #205 (May 1994). According to Swan, the set features a "terrific castle", citing its twist of existing simultaneously in three time periods. He describes the results as "startling, to say the least. A door appears, then disappears. A dark passage fills with light, then goes dark again. A plush bedroom with expensive furniture becomes a musty chamber piled with debris, with bloody hand prints smeared on the walls." He noted that while the text offers sensible suggestions for handling paradoxes and measuring time, "the text includes everything but a developed adventure; instead, we're given an assortment of hazards and encouraged to "build tension gradually by saving the nastiest surprises for last." That's easier said than done, especially for novice referees who require a lot more structure than this to get a campaign off the ground." He felt that the Forlorn material "mixes the clever with the ordinary", noting that while Tristen ApBlanc "could teach Count Strahd a thing or two about ghastliness", a lot of the other material "seems like filler", in that some of the locations such as the Sacred Groves and the Caverns of the Dead "aren't much more interesting than their names", some of the ghostly NPCs "work better as obstacles than personalities", and Aggie, "a clone of the Loch Ness Monster, doesn't have much to do other than pose for the cover". Swan concluded the review by saying: "In the hands of a creative referee, Castles Forlorn can be a source of endless surprise. If, for instance, the party steals a book from a room in Castle C, then later tosses a fireball into the Castle A incarnation of the same room, the stolen book may turn to ash in their hands. Think of the Forlorn material as a bonus; get this for the castle."

</doc>
<doc id="31140132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140132" title="List of the Ogiso">
List of the Ogiso

This is a list of the independent Ogisos (Kings) of Igodomigodo, what was to become the Benin Empire, from 355 BC to 1092 AD.

</doc>
<doc id="31140133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140133" title="Frow">
Frow

Frow or FROW may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31140161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140161" title="Boruca (disambiguation)">
Boruca (disambiguation)

Boruca may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31140163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140163" title="Player's Guide to the Dragonlance Campaign">
Player's Guide to the Dragonlance Campaign

"Player's Guide to the Dragonlance Campaign" is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the "Advanced Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game, published in 1993.
Contents.
"Player's Guide to the Dragonlance Campaign" illustrates key concepts in the Dragonlance setting with original fiction, essays, graphics, and sidebars, and does not include game mechanics, character stats, and role-playing game jargon. The "Player's Guide to the Dragonlance Campaign" includes a large selection of maps and portraits. Focusing on the continent of Ansalon, where most Dragonlance campaigns take place, the first half of the book comprises a guided tour of major locations, using first-person narratives. The tale of a seafaring Kagonesti elf, for example, sets up an overview of the empire of Ergoth. An encounter with a pirate ship leads into a look at the dwarven land of Kayolin. Each entry features concise but informative sections on culture, climate, and trade. The book also introduces a gallery of personalities, among them the undead Lord Soth and Sivart of the Kagonesti. The second half of the book contains less fiction but more history, which emphasizes gully dwarves, tinker gnomes, and other Ansalon races.
Publication history.
"Player's Guide to the Dragonlance Campaign" is an "Advanced Dungeons & Dragons" game supplement published as a 128-page softcover book by TSR, Inc.. The source material was by David "Zeb" Cook, Michael Dobson, Jeff Grubb, Tracy Hickman, Harold Johnson, Douglas Niles, and Margaret Weis, with compilation, editing, and original material by Jonatha Ariadne Caspian. Illustrations are by Denis Beauvais, Jeff Butler, Clyde Caldwell, Larry Elmore, Stephen Fabian, Keith Parkinson, Robin Raab, and Valerie Valusek.
Reception.
Rick Swan reviewed the "Player's Guide to the Dragonlance Campaign" for "Dragon" magazine #210 (October 1994). Having also reviewed the "Player's Guide to the Forgotten Realms Campaign" in the same column, he declares: "For the hapless souls intimidated by the sprawl of Dragonlance (and the equally imposing Forgotten Realms setting) TSR comes to the rescue with these two "Player's Guides". While the content is familiar—old hat, in fact, to veteran "AD&D" game players—the format is brand-new. Gone are [...] everything that makes novices feel like they've wandered into a foreign country. Instead of using rules, the books illustrate key concepts with original fiction, as whimsical as fairy tales and a treat to read." Swan called the "Player's Guide to the Dragonlance Campaign" "the better of the two", explaining that it "boasts crisp writing and a generous selection of maps and portraits". He also felt that "Lucid explanations make this a good resource as well as a good read. Take, for instance, the Knights of Solamnia, an order of chivalrous warriors who fell out of favor prior to the War of the Lance. The responsibilities and membership requirements of the knights have been discussed in umpteen previous supplements [...] But for the novice, the game lingo in the earlier books made life difficult; it's hard to get a handle on the ethos of a Knight of the Rose when you're still struggling with proficiency bonuses. The "Player's Guide", however, provides clutter-free summaries. A novice who doesn't know a proficiency bonus from a ping-pong ball will come away with a clear understanding of the Rose Knights' commitment to justice and how it relates to the legacy of Huma Dragonbane." Swan did have a few complaints: "By downplaying the conflict between good and evil that forms the backbone of the Dragonlance mythos, the book fails to capture the epic scope of the early novels. [...] Familiar characters, such as Flint Fireforge and Sturm Brightblade, receive only single-paragraph biographies. For those interested in using Ansalon as a campaign setting, it would've been nice to suggest which supplements they need. Swan concluded his review by saying: "Make no mistake. These books are intended as introductions, providing broad overviews for beginners. Serious players who want serious answers can skip the "Player's Guides" and go right to the "Tales of the Lance" boxed set (for the Dragonlance setting) and the revised in 1993 edition "Forgotten Realms Campaign Setting" set. But if you’re not ready for the big time, or if you're more curious than committed, try the "Player's Guides" first."

</doc>
<doc id="31140180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140180" title="Krow">
Krow

Krow may refer to:
As a radio sign, KROW may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31140184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140184" title="List of Parliamentary Speakers in the Americas in 1965">
List of Parliamentary Speakers in the Americas in 1965

Parliamentary Speakers in the Americas in 1965. This article contains among others lists of speakers of sovereign states, Canadian provinces, British colonial territories and French overseas departments.

</doc>
<doc id="31140191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140191" title="Spring in Prague">
Spring in Prague

Spring in Prague is an album by jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in 1990 and released on the Japanese Alfa Jazz label. 

</doc>
<doc id="31140200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140200" title="Encyclopedia Magica">
Encyclopedia Magica

The Encyclopedia Magica is a series of four volumes of accessories for the 2nd edition of the "Advanced Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game, published in 1994-1995.
Contents.
"Encyclopedia Magica" is a four-volume set that aims to cover every magic item in existence in the "AD&D" world. The series lists all of the "AD&D" magical items from two decades of TSR products—every boxed set, accessory, and magazine article. The books total more than 1500 pages across the four volumes, and are bound in a plastic jacket. Entries for the series were culled from the "Dungeon Master's Guide", the "Basic" and "Expert Sets", modules and campaign settings, and "Dragon" and other magazines.
The fourth volume contains an index to the entire set, and a complete magic item random determination table. "Volume Four" covers items alphabetically from Spell Books to the Zwieback of Zymurgy, and includes numerous entries on swords, staves, and wands.
In "Dragon" magazine #218 (June 1995), Rick Swan stated that these reference books possess "a diligence on the part of the researchers that borders on the superhuman". He said the series "A must for Dungeon Masters who want to spruce up their campaigns, and for every TSR contributor who longs to see his masterpiece immortalized in an upscale format."
Publication history.
"Encyclopedia Magica" was a result of compilation and development by slade, and was published by TSR. "Encyclopedia Magica Volume One" was released in 1994, while "Encyclopedia Magica Volume Two" was printed in February 1995, "Encyclopedia Magica Volume Three" was printed in May 1995, and "Encyclopedia Magica Volume Four" was printed in November 1995. Interior black and white art for the series was by Arnie Swekel, while the four volumes featured interior color art variously by Gerald Brom, Clyde Caldwell, Jeff Easley, Fred Fields, Tim Hildebrandt, Paul Jaquays, John and Laura Lakey, Roger Loveless, Keith Parkinson, Roger Raupp, and Robh Ruppel.
Reception.
Cliff Ramshaw reviewed "Encyclopedia Magica Volume Four" for "Arcane" magazine, rating it a 4 out of 10 overall. He stated, "Let's face it, if you've already got the previous volumes you're pretty much committed to buying "Encyclopedia Magica Volume Four"." While he figured that the goal of completeness was "all very well", he argued that "the "Encyclopedia" takes things a bit far. Under the entry for Swords there's a set of tables for determining the properties of Special Swords. Under the entry for Weapons there's a near identical set of tables for determining the properties of Intelligent Weapons. There are three different versions of Excalibur. Many items are tied so intimately to a specific dungeon that they'd be useless outside it; not a few are just plain silly. And once you've read about a "ring of protection", do you really need official approval before introducing a "cloak of protection" to your campaign?" Ramshaw ended the review by concluding that despite the cost of all four volumes, "one volume isn't much use without its pals - so only the most dedicated of collectors are likely to be tempted."

</doc>
<doc id="31140203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140203" title="Incarceration of women">
Incarceration of women

This article discusses the incarceration of women in correctional facilities.
Characteristics.
Early facilities were considered nub with little regard for health and safety. Men and women were housed in a large room where the strong preyed on the weak. As of 2007, in most of the Western world, the guards on female prisons are exclusively female. As of that year there are males who work as guards in women's prisons in the United States.
However, some states have laws requiring female officers as well as a female superintendent. While most states have only one or two institutions for women, some facilities are considered "unisex" and house both male and female inmates in separate areas.
History.
United States.
In the United States, authorities began housing women in correctional facilities separate from men in the 1870s. The first American female correctional facility with dedicated buildings and staff was the Mount Pleasant Female Prison in Ossining, New York; the facility had some operational dependence on nearby Sing Sing, a men's prison.
In the 1930s, 34 women's prisons were built, by 1990 there were 71 women's prisons in the country, but only five years later there were 150 (Chesney-Lind, 1998:66).
Great Britain.
In Great Britain, a new policy has passed, and women no longer have to be restrained while giving birth when serving their sentence. The British services for human rights quotes, "no one should be subjected to degrading punishment, and the United Nations standard minimum rules for the treatment of prisoners refuse to go to child care events, or funerals because of the humiliation the restraints show. Women in Britain fought for their right to not be restrained while giving birth to their child. However, they must be restrained while being escorted to and from the hospital. More women than men will escape the prison system in Britain. Of those women who escape almost half of them escape while receiving medical attention at a hospital.
References.
Antonova, N. (2013, Nov 4th). Reforming Russian Women's Prisons.

</doc>
<doc id="31140221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140221" title="Pusan Foreign Language High School">
Pusan Foreign Language High School

Pusan Foreign Language High School (PFLHS) (Hangeul:부산외국어고등학교, Hanja:釜山外國語高等學校) is a competitive private, coeducational, college preparatory high school founded in 1985. The school is located in Yeonsandong, Busan, and as of March 2011 there were 1208 students enrolled. There are currently 10 divisions (three Japanese major divisions, three Chinese major divisions, two French major divisions and two German divisions) offered in each grade, and all students are expected to become fluent in both English and their third language that they are majoring. The school is famous of its competitive admission process, which requires all students to submit their transcripts and to take English/Math aptitude test that is designed by the school.

</doc>
<doc id="31140235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140235" title="Kopito Ridge">
Kopito Ridge

Kopito Ridge (, ‘Rid Kopito’ \'rid ko-'pi-to\) is the mostly ice-free ridge in the southeast foothills of Detroit Plateau on southern Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica, which is bounded by Boydell Glacier to the west and Zavera Snowfield to the east. It extends 6 km in northwest-southeast direction and 2.7 km wide, and rises to 900 m in its northwest part which is linked to Detroit Plateau east of Lobosh Peak.
The ridge is named after the peaks of Golyamo (Great) Kopito and Malko (Little) Kopito in Vitosha Mountain, Western Bulgaria.
Location.
Kopito Ridge is centred at .

</doc>
<doc id="31140247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140247" title="Verziere">
Verziere

The Verziere (old-fashioned Italian word for "greengrocery market"; also known as Verzee, in Milanese) was the traditional greengrocery street market of Milan, Italy. The market itself has been relocated several times, and it is now in Via Lombroso, east of the city centre; the word "Verziere", anyway, still refers to the main historic location of the market, where it was held from 1776 century until 1911. The new greengrocery market of Via Lombroso is more properly referred to as "Ortomercato" (another Italian word with the same meaning) or "Mercati Generali" ("general markets").
The "Verziere" area has been a symbol of Milan, and notable Milanese scholars such as Carlo Porta and Carlo Maria Maggi celebrated the Verziere in their works as the place where both the Milanese dialect and the Milanese culture was represented in their purest form.
History.
The first "Verzee" was probably held in the main plaza of Milan, Piazza del Duomo, until the early 16th century, when it was relocated in the context of a thorough urban reorganization dictated by the municipal authorities. The market was thus relocated to what is now Piazza Fontana, a prominent square adjacent to the Duomo, where the Palace of the Archbishop ("Palazzo dell'Arcivescovado" in Italian) is also located. The 18th century scholar Carlo Torre mentions the Verziere in his essay "Il ritratto di Milano" ("Portrait of Milan", 1714), reporting that the area used to be a "wonderful garden". The market was then moved from Piazza Fontana to the nearby Piazza Santo Stefano and then (in 1776) to its best known historic location in Largo Augusto.
Until the late 19th century, the Verziere could be reached by boat through Milan's canal system, which included a small port in an artificial inlet called "Laghetto" ("small lake"). The lake (as well as most of Milan's canals) has since been filled-in, but it is recalled in some toponymys, most notably "Via del Laghetto" ("Small Lake Street"). 
Between the late 16th century and the late 17th century, a votive monumental column, called Colonna del Verziere, was erected in what was the centre of the market.
The market was moved in 1911 to the surroundings of Porta Vittoria, where it remained until 1965. In this less central setting, the Verziere could be expanded. Several buildings were realized for the market, most of which were later demolished; the most notable remnant of this incarnation of the Verziere is the "Palazzina Liberty" bordering the Marinai d'Italia City Park, an Art Nouveau building designed in 1908 by architect Alberto Migliorini and that, over time, has hosted cultural events and has been used as the headquarters of Dario Fo's theatrical company.
In 1965 the market was finally moved to its current location in Via Lombroso. 
In 1966, a statue of poet Carlo Porta, realized by Ivo Sioli, was placed in the old Verziere location of Piazza Santo Stefano. The statue is usually referred to as "Carlo Porta al Verzee" ("Carlo Porta by the Verziere").
The witches of the Verziere.
While the Verziere was celebrated as the "heart" of Milan by several poets and writers, it also had the reputation of being an unsafe district, populated by thieves, prostitutes, and "tencitt" (in Milanese, meaning "black stained people", in reference to the "darsena" workers who transported coal and wood). The darsena itself was so polluted that Franz Joseph I of Austria, in 1857, ordered that it be filled in for hygienical reasons. Moreover, witches were believed to inhabit the district; their elder was known to live on the second floor of the "Cà dei Tencitt" ("House of the tencitt") building, in what is now Via Laghetto. In fact, the Verziere Column, topped with a cross and a statue of Jesus Christ the Redeemer, was also erected with the purpose of opposing the malicious power of the "Verziere Witches".

</doc>
<doc id="31140251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140251" title="Anweshi Womens Counselling Centre">
Anweshi Womens Counselling Centre

Anweshi Womens Counselling Centre is a non-governmental organization based in Calicut district of Kerala, headed by former naxalite leader K. Ajitha. Anweshi has been involved with a challenging task of exposing one of the several `sex rackets’ in Kerala that trapped adolescent girls and young women in Kozhikode city.
The case popularly known as “The ice-cream parlor case” gained particular importance because of the involvement of influential politicians, government officials, powerful rich persons etc. Many influential suspects including politician “P.K. Kunhalikutty”, being politically and economically very powerful, were able to sabotage the investigation processes and the trial.
As a result, all the key victims/witnesses turned hostile. The prosecutor, who is supposed to protect the interests of the victims, did not make much effort to question the hostile witnesses and the judge also did not probe. The trial was stage managed and hastily concluded, in which the ultimate victim was justice itself. In the Ice Cream Parlour case, all the accused were released with the judge commenting that the prosecution could not prove the case.
Recently the case got attention when another important suspect “K. A. Rauf” came out with shocking details about the case including corruption and bureaucracy in the judicial system. This case is under investigation and a committee headed by Additional Director-General of Police (ADGP) Vinson M. Paul has been appointed by the State Government.
References.
Anweshi Web Page <br>
Anweshi Criticises Sudharan <br>
Everybody in Wynad knew Varghese was brutally murdered by the police after torture<br>
http://www.cse.iitb.ac.in/sudeep/suryanellicase.html <br>
http://www.hinduonnet.com/fline/fl2124/stories/20041203002604200.htm <br>
http://www.hindu.com/2006/04/14/stories/2006041409290300.htm <br>
http://indiankanoon.org/doc/1419345/ <br>
http://www.dowryfreemarriage.com/events/ <br>
http://www.sabrang.com/cc/archive/2005/jan05/witprot.html <br>
http://www.hinduonnet.com/2006/01/13/stories/2006011306570300.htm <br>
http://planningcommission.nic.in/aboutus/committee/strgrp11/str11_17a.htm <br>
http://www.mathrubhumi.com/english/story.php?id=104061 <br>
Sex Scandal Returns to Haunt Kerala

</doc>
<doc id="31140266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140266" title="Thomas Fairchild (gardener)">
Thomas Fairchild (gardener)

Thomas Fairchild (? 166710 October 1729) was an English gardener.
Life.
Fairchild established himself about 1690 as a nurseryman and florist at Hoxton, Shoreditch. Richard Bradley mentions the variety of his fruits; Richard Pulteney classed him with Thomas Knowlton, Gordon, and Miller, as one of the leading gardeners of his time.
Fairchild died on 10 October 1729. He had taken up the freedom of the Clothworkers' Company in 1704, and in his will he is described as citizen and clothworker. In accordance with his direction he was buried in a church yard belonging to the parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch; on his monument he was said to have died in his sixty-third year. He left the bulk of his property to his nephew, John Bacon of Hoxton, who was a member of the Society of Gardeners, and died on 20 February 1737, aged 25.
Works.
He corresponded with Linnæus, and he helped by experiments to establish the existence of sex in plants; and he was also the first person who succeeded in scientifically producing an artificial hybrid. This was "Dianthus Caryophyllus barbatus", a cross between a sweet william and a carnation pink. He introduced Pavia rubra, Cornus florida, and other plants.
In 1722 he published a small book, "The City Gardener", devoted to a description of the trees, plants, shrubs, and flowers which would thrive best in London. Pear trees still bore excellent fruit about Barbican, Aldersgate, and Bishopsgate, that in 'Leicester Fields' there was a vine producing good grapes every year, and that figs and mulberries throve very well in the city. The highest whitethorn in England, Fairchild wrote, was growing in an alley leading from Whitecross Street towards Bunhill Fields.
In 1724, Fairchild added to his reputation by a paper read before the Royal Society and afterwards printed in "Philosophical Transactions" (xxxiii. 127) on 'Some new Experiments relating to the different and sometimes contrary Motion of the Sap in Plants and Trees.' Besides these publications and letters which appeared in Bradley's works, George William Johnson, in his "History of English Gardening" (1829), ascribed to him 'A Treatise on the Manner of Fallowing Ground, Raising of Grass Seeds, and Training Lint and Hemp,' which was printed anonymously. 
About 1725, a society of gardeners residing in the neighbourhood of London was established, and Fairchild joined it. Meeting every month at Newhall's coffee-house in Chelsea or some similar place, they showed to each other plants of their own growing, which were examined and compared, the names and descriptions being afterwards entered in a register. After a time they decided to make known the results of their labours, and a volume was produced called 'A Catalogue of Trees and Shrubs both Exotic and Domestic which are propagated for Sale in the Gardens near London.' It was illustrated by Jacob Van Huysum. The 'Catalogue' has been attributed to Philip Miller, who was at one time secretary of the society; but was indexed under Fairchild's name at the British Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="31140276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140276" title="Aldomir Ridge">
Aldomir Ridge

Aldomir Ridge (, ‘Aldomirski Hrebet’ \al-do-'mir-ski 'hre-bet\) is the mostly ice-free ridge on southern Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica, bounded by Sjögren Glacier to the west and Boydell Glacier to the east. It extends 14 km between Detroit Plateau to the north-northwest and Sjögren Inlet to the south-southeast, and is 4.2 km wide and rising to 1350 m at its north extremity.
The ridge is named after the settlement of Aldomirovtsi in Western Bulgaria.
Location.
Aldomir Ridge is centred at .

</doc>
<doc id="31140295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140295" title="George Fox (album)">
George Fox (album)

George Fox is the debut album by Canadian country music artist George Fox. It was released by Warner Music Canada in 1988. The album peaked at number 16 on the "RPM" Country Albums chart and was certified gold by the CRIA.

</doc>
<doc id="31140301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140301" title="Edmilson Carlos Abel">
Edmilson Carlos Abel

Edmilson Carlos Abel (born February 23, 1974) is a Brazilian football player. He plays for Linense.

</doc>
<doc id="31140302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140302" title="My Dear Family">
My Dear Family

My Dear Family is an album by jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in 1993 and released on the Evidence label. 
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Matt Collar states "this is a superbly performed album by stellar, world-class musicians and should please most hardcore jazz fans." 

</doc>
<doc id="31140316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140316" title="Vetrovala Peak">
Vetrovala Peak

Vetrovala Peak (, ‘Vrah Vetrovala’ \'vr&h ve-tro-'va-la\) is the rocky peak rising to 800 m in the south part of Aldomir Ridge on southern Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica. It is situated at the head of Sjögren Inlet between the termini of Sjögren and Boydell Glaciers.
The peak is named after Vetrovala site in Vitosha Mountain, Western Bulgaria.
Location.
Vetrovala Peak is located at , which is 11.47 km south by east of Lobosh Peak, 11.92 km west of Mount Wild, 6.33 km north-northeast of Draka Nunatak, 11.83 km east of Mount Hornsby and 8.2 km southeast of Survakari Nunatak.

</doc>
<doc id="31140317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140317" title="Conjuratory">
Conjuratory

A conjuratory or exconjuratory is a small religious building from which ceremonies were conducted to bless the fields and ward off calamities caused by the weather, like storms, hail and excessive rain that could ruin the harvests. Usually these buildings are attached to a church building or a hermitage.
Exconjuratories were usually built in a symmetrical way, with large windows open to the four cardinal points.
They were common in the ancient villages of the Pre-Pyrenees and the Pyrenees, especially in Aragon. 
In some places the exconjuratory is part of the bell tower of a church. On the fourth floor of the main tower of the Cathedral of Murcia there are four conjuratories. Located in each corner, special ceremonies were conducted in them by priests to ward off storms that could spoil the harvest in the fields by means of the Lignum Crucis kept in the cathedral. Other towns in the Region of Murcia like Cieza, had conjuratories as well. Conjuratories could also be used to ward off other non-weather related catastrophical events afflicting the community, like epidemics and crop-damaging pests, like locusts.
They fell into disuse centuries ago and many of the exconjuratories that have survived are in a ruined state. 
Rituals.
The "Tentenublo" (in Spanish) is an example of the prayers conducted in special occasions within the conjuratories:

</doc>
<doc id="31140321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140321" title="Chat log">
Chat log

A chat archive is an archive of transcripts from online chat and instant messaging conversations. Many chat or IM applications allow for the client-side archiving of online chat conversations, while a subset of chat or IM clients (i.e., Google Talk and Yahoo! Messenger 11 Beta) allow for the saving of chat archives on a server for future retrieval. The latter trend has been adopted by the applications' vendors because of the decreasing cost of web server hard drive space. Most IRC clients include chat logging to a local file as a standard feature.

</doc>
<doc id="31140324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140324" title="Minister for Public Expenditure and Reform">
Minister for Public Expenditure and Reform

The Minister for Public Expenditure and Reform () is the senior minister at the Department of Public Expenditure and Reform in the Government of Ireland. 
The current Minister for Public Expenditure and Reform is Brendan Howlin, TD. He is assisted by:
The department is responsible for Public Expenditure and Reform. It was created in March 2011, taking over some of the functions of the Department of Finance.

</doc>
<doc id="31140334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140334" title="Ricardo de Freitas Carreir">
Ricardo de Freitas Carreir

Ricardo de Freitas Carreir (born January 20, 1978) is a former Brazilian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31140346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140346" title="Makoto Takeya">
Makoto Takeya

Makoto Takeya (born July 27, 1977) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31140348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140348" title="With All My Might">
With All My Might

With All My Might is the second studio album by Canadian country music artist George Fox. It was released by Warner Music Canada in 1989. The album peaked at number 84 on the "RPM" Top Albums chart and was certified gold by the CRIA. 
Warner Bros. Records released the album in the United States in 1990 with a different track list and new artwork. The U.S. version included three songs previously included on Fox's debut album, "Angelina", "Hey Johnny", and "Lonesome Avenue Goodbye (Goldmine)".
Track listing.
All songs written by George Fox except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="31140360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140360" title="9000 Needles">
9000 Needles

9000 Needles is a 2009 documentary film about the story of a young husband and father and his family as they struggle to deal with the aftermath of a devastating stroke.
Background.
The film documents the fate of Devin Dearth, a successful businessman and champion body builder who suffered a devastating stroke caused by a bleed in his brain stem which left him paralyzed on his right side, unable to walk, and with difficulty speaking.
With the help of his brother Doug (film director), they then travel to Tianjian, China to try a stroke rehabilitation center that uses acupuncture and traditional Chinese Medicine.

</doc>
<doc id="31140382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140382" title="Mureno Peak">
Mureno Peak

Mureno Peak (, ‘Vrah Mureno’ \'vr&h mu-'re-no\) is the rocky, mostly ice-free peak rising to 1100 m in the north part of Aldomir Ridge on southern Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica, between Sjögren and Boydell Glaciers.
The peak is named after the settlement of Mureno in Western Bulgaria.
Location.
Mureno Peak is located at , which is 5.18 km south-southwest of Lobosh Peak, 16.9 km northwest of Mount Wild, 7.15 km north-northwest of Vetrovala Peak, 11.94 km north of Draka Nunatak, 10.34 km northeast of Mount Hornsby and 7.22 km southeast of Seydol Crag.

</doc>
<doc id="31140416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140416" title="Deili Custodio da Silva">
Deili Custodio da Silva

Deili Custodio da Silva (born March 8, 1980) is a former Brazilian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31140424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140424" title="Winners &amp; Losers (season 1)">
Winners &amp; Losers (season 1)

The first season of the drama television series "Winners & Losers" originally aired between 22 March and 23 August 2011 on the Seven Network in Australia. The season consisted of 22 episodes and aired on Tuesdays at 8:30 pm, replacing "Packed to the Rafters".
Production.
The season was first aired on the Seven Network in Australia on 22 March 2011. The executive producer was John Holmes and the producer was Maryanne Carroll. Level Two Music helped to supply music for the series.
Plot.
When you're 27 years old, high school feels like a long time ago. But how much do we really change in ten years? Does a successful career or a hot fiancé make you one of life's winners? Or are we still the same old losers we were in high school?
With a surprise invite to their "Ten Year High School Reunion", Bec, Jenny, Frances and Sophie are about to discover what it really means to be a winner.
Cast.
Guest cast.
Casting.
The season had a cast of twelve actors who received star billing. 
Melissa Bergland, Zoe Tuckwell-Smith, Melanie Vallejo and Virginia Gay portrayed the four protagonists or "losers"; Jenny Gross, Bec Gilbert, Sophie Wong and Frances James respectively. During early production, the four actresses were forced to spend time together to build up chemistry between them. Former "Neighbours" actors Blair McDonough and Damien Bodie played Matt O'Connor and Jonathan Kurtiss. Tom Wren portrayed Doug Graham, Sophie's best friend. Stephen Phillips starred as Zach Armstrong, Frances' business partner and love interest. Comedian Denise Scott appeared as Trish Gross, while Francis Greenslade portrayed Brian Gross, Jenny's parents. Jack Pearson and Sarah Grace portrayed Jenny's siblings Patrick and Bridget Gross.
A number of secondary characters were also portrayed throughout the season, including Michala Banas as Tiffany Turner, the woman who bullied Jenny, Bec, Sophie and Frances during high school. PiaGrace Moon was cast as Frances' younger sister Jasmine Patterson. Lawrence Mooney appeared as Trevor Myers, Geoff Morrell as Paul Armstrong, Mark Leonard Winter as James 'JB' Bartlett, Madeleine West as Deidre Gross, Scott McGregor as Brett, Todd McKenney as Jenny's Boss and Alex Perry as a Fashion Presenter.
Episodes.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
Reception.
Critical response.
A writer from "The Advertiser" said that the series was a success because the "creative force Bevan Lee" was behind it. Jim Schembri writing for "The Sydney Morning Herald" had praise for the "fresh, brightly coloured, high-end soap", labelling the characters as "some of the most engaging" on television. "The Age"'s reviewer observed the series as having "powerful themes of friendship, karma and justice for the underdog", which were played with subtle tone unlike other shows. They added that the mixture of "lively characters" and comedy made for "an engaging hour of television". Other columnists from "The Age" criticised certain aspects of the series. Paul Kalina accused "Winners & Losers" of playing it safe by implementing similar elements which made "Packed to the Rafters" a successful show.
Bridget McManus came to the conclusion that the series had eventually lost the "edge" it once possessed and even began to resemble a "poor girl's "Sex and the City"". A fellow columnist from "The Age" had also drawn comparisons to the American drama. McManus continued by identifying the main problem as being that the "potentially interesting characters" not being used as much as the four female protagonists. She concluded that the quartet were tired stereotypes of "the virgin, the damned whore, God's policewoman and a clown." Writing for the "Radio Times", Claire Webb commented that "Winners & Losers" was "hardly the most original plot", but added "Still, the sassy script rattles rib-ticklingly along, and it's easy to see why this Australian series proved so popular Down Under."
Ratings.
The pilot episode of "Winners & Losers" averaged 1.7 million viewers. It was the number one show in the 16–39 and 25–54 demographics, helping to win the network the night with a 33.6 per cent share. Seven decided to air the second and third episodes back to back, securing the highest ratings for the night once again with averages of 1.7 and 1.5 million viewers. The series continued to fare well in the ratings over the following weeks, which prompted a reporter from the "The Advertiser" to state "No doubt part of "Winners & Losers"' early success can be attributed to creative force Bevan Lee, also the drama whiz behind "Rafters" and one-time ratings hit "Always Greener". However, the ratings for the seventh episode "Like a Virgin" revealed "Winners & Losers" had lost over four hundred thousand viewers since its debut. The episode averaged 1.2 million viewers. The commercial audience of the series also dropped from 37.6 to 33.5, but it remained one of the twelve most watched programs in Australia.
Accolades.
During its first season, "Winners & Losers" and its cast were nominated for six awards. The series received a nomination for Best Television Program from the AACTA Television Awards, while Tom Wren earned a nomination for Best Male Performance. The actor was later nominated for Most Popular New Male Talent at the Logie Awards, while "Winners & Losers" gathered a nomination in the Most Popular Drama Series category. Actress Melissa Bergland won the Most Popular New Female Talent award, while also garnering a nomination for Most Outstanding New Talent.

</doc>
<doc id="31140425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140425" title="List of Winners &amp; Losers episodes">
List of Winners &amp; Losers episodes

"Winners & Losers" is an Australian television drama. It premiered on the Seven Network on 22 March 2011. The show focuses on the lives of four women who win a large amount of money in the Oz Lotto. In July 2011, Seven renewed "Winners & Losers" for a second 22-part season, which began airing from 26 June 2012. Two months later, it was announced the drama had been renewed for a third season.

</doc>
<doc id="31140442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140442" title="Hideaki Matsuura">
Hideaki Matsuura

Hideaki Matsuura (born June 25, 1981) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31140455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140455" title="March 2011 Peshawar bombing">
March 2011 Peshawar bombing

The 9 March 2011 Peshawar bombing occurred in the city of Peshawar, the capital of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province in north-west Pakistan. The attack took place in the Adezai locality of Peshawar; 37 people were killed and at least 45 were wounded. The blast happened during a funeral held for the wife of a local anti-Taliban Pashtun militia leader. According to a witness, the attack was carried out by a suicide bomber, a "boy wrapped in a shawl." A medical emergency was declared at hospitals in Peshawar, where those injured in the attack were taken.
The Taliban later claimed responsibility for the explosion, and said it was retaliation for the local militia's support for Pakistani security forces in carrying out anti-Taliban operations.
Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani issued a statement condemning the attacks, though the government was also criticised for its lack of support for those affected by the Taliban.
The incident took place just a day after another separate terrorist incident in Faisalabad.

</doc>
<doc id="31140463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140463" title="Seydol Crag">
Seydol Crag

Seydol Crag (, ‘Seydolski Kamak’ \'sey-dol-ski 'ka-m&k\) is the narrow, rocky ridge extending 2.9 km and rising to 800 m in the southeast foothills of Detroit Plateau on southern Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica. It is surmounting the upper course of Sjögren Glacier to the west and south.
The feature is named after the settlement of Seydol in Northeastern Bulgaria.
Location.
Seydol Crag is located at , which is 8.34 km west-southwest of Lobosh Peak, 7.22 km northwest of Mureno Peak, 8.94 km north-northeast of Mount Hornsby, 14.25 km northeast of Laki Peak and 24.54 km south-southeast of Borovan Knoll.

</doc>
<doc id="31140468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140468" title="Gleno Dam">
Gleno Dam

The Gleno Dam was a multiple-arch dam on the Gleno River in the Valle di Scalve in the northern Province of Bergamo, Italy. The dam was constructed between 1916 and 1923 with the purpose of producing hydroelectric power. A portion of the dam failed and burst 40 days after its reservoir was full, on December 1, 1923, killing at least 356 people.
Background and construction.
The dam was proposed and constructed by the Vigano' family. A request to construct the dam was submitted in 1907 and initial construction began in 1916. In 1920, construction began on the dam's foundation and in September of that year, local officials were warned that contractors were not using proper cement mortar. In 1921, because of funding, the project design was changed from a gravity dam to a multiple-arch type. The design was approved and the multiple arch dam would be constructed on top of the gravity dam foundation. In January 1923, the dam was 80% complete and by October 22, it was fully complete and its reservoir full after heavy rains. The dam's power plant had an installed capacity of 3,728 kW (3.7 MW).
Failure.
At 6:30 on the morning of December 1, 1923, a buttress on the dam cracked and subsequently failed. Within minutes, an estimated of water gushed from the reservoir at an elevation around above sea level to the valley below. The village of Bueggio was flooded first, followed by a partial flooding of Dezzo part of the municipality of Azzone and complete flooding of Dezzo a frazione of Colere and Corna di Darfo. The flood waters were stopped when they reached Lake Iseo which lies at an elevation of above sea level. At least 356 people were killed in the disaster.
Cause of failure.
The dam was originally permitted as a gravity dam with a slight curvature, but was changed to a multiple arch dam by the client to save money. The permit was not revised for this change until after the dam was completed. The failure of the multiple arch dam was attributed to many aspects of its construction, ultimately poor workmanship. The concrete in the arches was of a poor quality and it was reinforced with anti-grenade scrap netting that had been used during World War I. There were also indications that the dam was poorly joined with its foundation. Additionally, the concrete was believed to not be completely cured when the reservoir was filling. Reportedly, workers who complained about the construction techniques were fired. Today a memorial exists in the failed gap along with a much smaller dam and reservoir within the old reservoir zone.
The dam's failure was influential in the development of Italian dam design and risk assessment. As a result of this failure, the construction of new multiple arch dams have become disfavored.

</doc>
<doc id="31140474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140474" title="Mustang Heart">
Mustang Heart

Mustang Heart is the fourth studio album by Canadian country music artist George Fox. It was released by Warner Music Canada in 1993. The album peaked at number 7 on the "RPM" Country Albums chart and was certified gold by the CRIA.

</doc>
<doc id="31140476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140476" title="Josip Klarica">
Josip Klarica

Josip Klarica (born 1946) is an internationally acclaimed artist working in the mediums of film and photography. He lives and works in Zagreb, Croatia.
Klarica was born in Belgrade, PR Serbia, FPR Yugoslavia. He first studied photography and then attended the Film Academy in Prague (1975–77). As an art photographer he is interested in the history of photographic techniques and photo-chemical processes. He uses old photographic techniques for example he has experimented with the camera obscura and a replica of a panoramic chamber (Paris, 1845) which he designed himself and adjusted to his needs. He primarily shoots portraits, landscapes and still life ("Slaughter", "Fair", "Still Life").
He has had many solo exhibitions in Croatia and abroad, including: The Photographers' Gallery (London, 1982), the Museum of Contemporary Art, Zagreb, 1991, Centro Culturale San Fedele (Milan, 1994), Galerie Johannes Faber (Vienna, 2002), Klovićevi dvori Gallery (Zagreb, 2005). His works belong to several museum and gallery collections: the International Museum of Photography at George Eastman House (Rochester), Bibliotheque Nationale de France (Paris), the Museum of Contemporary Art (Zagreb), the Museum of Arts and Crafts (Zagreb), the Musée Nicéphore Niépce (Chalon-sur-Saône), and the Modern Gallery, Zagreb.

</doc>
<doc id="31140493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140493" title="Central Tzoumerka">
Central Tzoumerka

Central Tzoumerka () is a municipality in the Arta regional unit, Epirus, Greece. The seat of the municipality is the village Vourgareli. The municipality is named after the Tzoumerka mountains.
Municipality.
The municipality Central Tzoumerka was formed at the 2011 local government reform by the merger of the following 4 former municipalities, that became municipal units:

</doc>
<doc id="31140495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140495" title="HMS Tattoo (J374)">
HMS Tattoo (J374)

HMS "Tattoo" was an of the Royal Navy during the Second World War. She was laid down by Gulf Shipbuilding Corporation (Chickasaw, Alabama) on 8 June 1942 as BAM-32 and launched on 27 January 1943. She was transferred to the Royal Navy and commissioned as HMS "Tattoo" on 26 October 1943.
"Tattoo" served for part of World War II patrolling off Iceland. At one point, she returned to Britain for repairs to a fouled propeller.
She returned to the United States in 1947, sold to the Turkish Navy in March 1947 and renamed TCG "Çarşamba" (A-594).
She was stricken from the Naval Register in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="31140498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140498" title="James Angulo">
James Angulo

James Angulo (born January 20, 1974) is a former Colombian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31140501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140501" title="Infecting the City">
Infecting the City

Held in Cape Town, South Africa Infecting the City is a public arts festival that is committed to making art freely available to everyone. The festival hosts a range of different types of site-specific art, art intervention and performance art in the central part of the City. Each year the festival takes on a social issue or theme which the participating artists respond to. In 2011, the Festival worked with Cape Town's artistic and cultural community to present public art under the theme of Treasure. This theme was intended to celebrate the artistic traditions and contemporary practices of the diverse communities within South Africa and to explore Cape Town's "Afropolitan" reality. 
Infecting the city is presented by the Africa Centre, a non-for-profit organisation that creates a platform for exploring contemporary Pan-African artistic practice as a tool for social change. Infecting the City is an integral part of the city, challenging audiences to notice hidden spaces and perspectives of Cape Town and providing an arts and cultural voice in Africa, for Africans.
History.
The festival started as Infecting The City Performing Arts Festival in 2008 with a "singular aggressive aim – to infect the city with performance that captures the complexities of our daily lives". The Festival was born to migrate some of the experiences of the now-disbanded Spier Summer Season on the Spier wine farm to the central part of Cape Town. The annual Spier Summer Season first started in 1996 and included diverse performances such as opera, comedy, poetry and music over a three-month period each year. In 2007, the Spier Arts Trust, the organisation which produced the Summer Season, discontinued the project. The Africa Centre, with funding from Spier, decided to continue the spirit of the Summer Season by creating a week long performance art festival in the centre of Cape Town. Brett Bailey has curated the 2009, 2010 and 2011 iterations of the Infecting The City Festival.Jay Pather curated the festival in 2012
In 2010 the festival changed its name to Infecting the City Public Arts festival to incorporate visual art, public interventions and to better reflect what the Festival represented. Public art has traditionally functioned to popularise art – to challenge the elitist art culture of the galleries and bring art into the streets. Today, public art attempts to respond to the flexibility and cross-disciplinary nature of contemporary art practice combining artistic vision and community values. Public art offers the opportunity to challenge its audiences, breach boundaries, and shift the perspectives of public space. It is this vision of public art that the Festival aspires to. 
Over the years the number of artists participating and audience attending has steadily grown with the 2011 Festival including 314 artists whose artworks were seen by over 25,000 people.
Past festivals.
Each festival is based around a theme. Each year, the theme refers to a social issue that is applicable to all and makes both the artists and the audience look at these social issues in new and transformative ways.
Festival 2011.
ITC 2011 was curated with the theme of TREASURE. The theme allowed artists to make art that highlighted the treasures from the city that the audience did not know of or had forgotten about. These treasures were then presented in four categories – cultural jewels, music gems, environmental waste and historic treasures. The categories were named: The Jewels, City Treasurers, Slices of Life and Music Gems. 
The festival opened on Monday, 21 February 2011 and lasted until Saturday, 26 February. The Festival Hub was at the Cape Town Station forecourt, but public arts events occurred every day at different public spaces around the city. "The Jewels" consisted of 15 local community groups that displayed a ritual, rite or cultural practice. The Jewels ranged from Rieldans to Drum Majorettes, from Xhosa Stick-fighting to Ratiep, and from opera and ballet to the Ethiopian Coffee Ceremony. Each of the 15 cultural gems was choreographed, by five theatre makers: Peter Hayes, Natalie Fisher, Fiona du Plooy, Celeste Botha and Sensei Ndlovu. The Jewels were performed on locally crafted Jewel Boxes (stages) twice a day. The Jewel Route led the audience from Jewel Box to Jewel Box through the city centre. There were 3 different Jewel Routes during the festival week.
The "City Treasurers" section was made up of well known visual and performance artists who used artistic interventions, performance pieces or public art to draw attention to historic or contemporary treasures in the city. "Strand" was a series of performance pieces that wove together the stories of Cape Town as a port. It took place twice daily on the Cape Town Station. "Invisible Gold", "Urban Diamonds" and the "Number 1 Unexpected Undercover Agency" were artworks who differently looked at the people who make the city work. "Relics of Place" and "Watermarks" highlighted the waste of spring water flowing off the mountain and into the sea. The Treasurers included Peter Aerschmann, Doung Dala, Catherine Henegan, Nadine Hutton, Jethro Louw, Mafuta Ink, Owen Manamela, Anthea Moys, Myer Taub, Athina Vahla and Caron von Zeil. 
"Slices of Life" was the title for the Festival's focus on eco waste. Eight environmental artists from Cape Town and Johannesburg (Igshaan Adams, Simon Max Banister, James Clayton, Hannelie Coetzee, Brendhan Dickerson, Heath Nash, Usha Seejarim, Nomthunzi Mashalaba) transformed recyclable garbage into artwork, with the purpose of drawing attention to valuable materials that most of us consider to be 'rubbish' and subsequently dispose of.
The Music Gems featured nine musical groups on a stage on the forecourt of Cape Town Station. Each group came from a different community and represented a different culture that lives in Cape Town: Delta Soetstemme, Loit Sols, Congolese Car Guard Quartet, Mac MacKenzie's Goema Symphony, Spaza Hip-Hop, Teiko Drumming, Zimbabwe's Madzishe, and the Zamanani Brothers. The programme was curated by Iain Harris.
Festival 2010.
ITC 2010 was held from 13 to 20 February. The theme for 2010 was HUMAN RITE, which investigates the role of rites and rituals as tools for transformation and healing.
The 2010 Festival was oriented around the theme Human Rite and asked artists to take a deep look at the dynamics of Cape Town society and to "creatively envision the kind of society that we want to live in". The artists were invited "to ask: What cries out for transformation or healing? Who needs to be included in the social fabric of the City?; and how do we amplify and liberate the energy of the CBD? The artists confronted Cape Town's collective demons and to put them to rest, to seek out silent memories and invisible stories, and to validate them, to look for what needs to be righted, and 'rited'. To broaden and deepen the way we experience the world we live in and to celebrate our fundamental human right to express who we are".
The programme included installations that engage with Capetonians and visitors to Cape Town, choreographic works (Windows into a World, Dancing Jesus), large-scale collaborative performance art pieces (Imperfections, Meet Market, Quiet Emergency) and low key interventions (Grey Matter, Information People, Jump, Mandala for Healing, the Wishing Wall), as well as discussion forums (The Right to Respond. Participating artists came from Cape Town, Johannesburg, Grahamstown, Zimbabwe, China, UK, Greece, Germany, USA, Australia and the Netherlands.
Festival 2009.
ITC 2009 was held on Saturday, 21 February until Friday, 27 February. The theme for 2009 was: HOME AFFAIRS.
In 2009, Infecting the City asked artists to grapple with the national tensions revealed in the 2008 xenophobic violence. The artists were asked to look at human displacement, migration, immigration, refugees and identity. Named after the government department that processes immigrants to South Africa, "Home Affairs" had works on the programme that deepened audience understanding of these complex and often disturbing issues. For a week, Infecting the City transformed Cape Town into a cutting edge theatre featuring works from local and international artists.
The programme included three artworks that were the result of the six-week Collaborative Course where twelve artists from South Africa, SADC countries and beyond SADC borders shared diverse skills and created artworks relating to the festival theme. Amakwerekwere, Exile and Limbo were the artworks that resulted from this process. Commissioned works included An Histrionic, Call Cutta in a Box, Eyton Road, Incwaba Lendoda Lise Cankwe Ndelela (The Grave of the Man is Next to the Road) and Tuning into the Void.
Festival 2008.
ITC 2009 was held from 26 February until 2 March 2008. The theme for 2008: TIME
The Spier Performing Arts Festival – Infecting the City – launched in Cape Town in February 2008 with the intention to "infect the city with performance that captures the complexities of our daily lives... The underlying intention is to feature works that bravely take on new ways of expression, of collaboration disciplines, and of integrating the classical and the contemporary". 
The programme included commissioned new works ("Dreamtime, I am Cinnamon"), existing works relocated and restaged ("Not with My Gun, Isivuno sama Phupha" (Harvest of Dreams), Transport Exceptionnels, Misterios Da Actualidade) collaborative projects ("An Order of Passage, 22 mins 37 sec, Waking Time"), Talking Heads, and a workshop series.

</doc>
<doc id="31140509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140509" title="Piotr Sowisz">
Piotr Sowisz

Piotr Sowisz (born September 10, 1971) is a former Polish football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31140514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140514" title="Time of My Life (George Fox album)">
Time of My Life (George Fox album)

Time of My Life is the fifth studio album by Canadian country music artist George Fox. It was released by Warner Music Canada in 1995. The album peaked at number 4 on the "RPM" Country Albums chart and was certified gold by the CRIA.

</doc>
<doc id="31140523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140523" title="National Credit Ratings Limited">
National Credit Ratings Limited

National Credit Ratings Limited (NCR) is a credit rating agency in Bangladesh.
It was incorporated as a public limited company under the Registrar of Joint Stock Companies in August 2010 and received its certificate for commencement of business in July 2010. It was granted a licence by the Securities & Exchange Commission (SEC) of Bangladesh for operating as a credit rating company in September 2010. The formal launching of the company was held on 18 October 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="31140525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140525" title="December 2010 Bajaur bombing">
December 2010 Bajaur bombing

On 25 December 2010, at least 47 people were killed and over 100 others injured, after a female suicide bomber detonated her explosives in a large crowd of people displaced by fighting, who were collecting food at a distribution centre of the World Food Programme in the Pakistani town of Khar, which is located within the Bajaur tribal region, of north-western Pakistan. It was later reported by witnesses, that the bomber dressed in a full-length burka had reportedly thrown a grenade after resisting search, to which then the bomber proceeded to detonate her explosives. Several police officials confirmed the bomber was a woman, as opposed to the more likely occurrence of a man wearing the burka as a disguise, in order to successfully conduct this suicide attack. It was also known that those in this crowd were predominantly displaced members of the Salarzai Tribe, which has supported Pakistan Army operations against the Pakistani Taliban within the Bajaur tribal regions. Those dozens of people injured in this suicide attack were apparently later taken to local hospitals via means of helicopters. Local Witnesses, including that of a government official at the main government hospital within the region, Dosti Rehman, claimed that he had personally counted some 40 bodies. However there are concerns that the death toll could very likely rise, as the official stated that several of those injured, as a result of this suicide attack were apparently in a critical condition at the local hospitals. This particular bombing acts as one of a string of recent suicide attacks, which have occurred with near impunity, predominantly throughout Pakistan's north-western, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Province, of north-western Pakistan. No particular militant group has of yet claimed responsibility for this suicide attack, although the Pakistani Taliban are strong suspects. The Bajaur tribal region has reportedly seen several Pakistan Army military operations in recent years, however such suicide attacks still continue throughout the region with near impunity. The Pakistani Prime Minister, Yousaf Raza Gillani later condemned this suicide attack, and claimed that such military offensives would continue against the Pakistani Taliban. This statement will be met with a certain degree of approval in the U.S, as Pakistan has recently been pressured to launch a major ground-offensive in the nearby North Waziristan tribal region, in order to root-out and destroy the last major remaining safe-haven for Radical Islamist and Pakistani Taliban insurgents within the country. The U.N World Food Programme later suspended its food distribution activities in the Bajaur tribal region, as a security precaution to this suicide attack. This suicide bombing was strongly condemned by U.S president, Barack Obama. The Pakistani Taliban later claimed responsibility for this suicide attack. This suicide bombing was officially declared the first such suicide attack to involve a female in Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="31140568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140568" title="Draka Nunatak">
Draka Nunatak

Draka Nunatak (, ‘Nunatak Draka’ \'nu-na-tak 'dra-ka\) is the lens-shaped rocky ridge extending 4.2 km and 1.9 km wide, with twin heights rising to 750 m on the southwest coast of Sjögren Inlet on southern Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica.
The feature is named after the settlements of Draka and Drakata in Southeastern and Southwestern Bulgaria respectively.
Location.
Draka Nunatak is located at , which is 6.32 km south-southwest of Vetrovala Peak, 15.48 km west-southwest of Mount Wild, 38 km north of Cape Longing, 24.13 km east-northeast of Dolen Peak and 10.74 km southeast of Mount Hornsby.

</doc>
<doc id="31140579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140579" title="Nikolaos Skoufas (municipality)">
Nikolaos Skoufas (municipality)

Nikolaos Skoufas () is a municipality in the regional unit of Arta, Greece, named after Nikolaos Skoufas, a leader of the Greek independence movement. The seat of the municipality is in Peta.
Municipality.
The present municipality Nikolaos Skoufas was formed at the 2011 local government reform by the merger of the following 4 former municipalities, that became municipal units:

</doc>
<doc id="31140587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140587" title="William Joyce (disambiguation)">
William Joyce (disambiguation)

William Joyce (1906–1946) was a Second World War propagandist, nicknamed "Lord Haw-Haw".
William Joyce may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31140597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140597" title="Ballantyne Pier">
Ballantyne Pier

Ballantyne Pier (also called the Ballantyne Cruise Terminal) is a commercial and passenger dock of the Port of Vancouver, Canada, located at 851 Centennial Road. It sits at the west side of Rogers Sugar across the Canadian Pacific Railway tracks from Powell Street. Passenger terminal access is via Clark Drive or McGill Street Overpass only.
In 1995, the pier was renovated to create two modern cruise ship berths: the East Berth (#1) is and the West Berth (#2) is used as an overflow berth. The dock is equipped with two automatic gangways and a terminal building with baggage handling and customs areas.
History.
It was built in 1923 by the Vancouver Harbours Board to alleviate dock shortages in Vancouver which came to a head during the First World War. Also, competing railways such as Great Northern, Canadian Northern, and Grand Trunk Pacific Railway needed wharf space in a Canadian-Pacific-monopolized waterfront. A Canadian National diamond crossing allows 'foreign' trains to Vancouver waterfront. The CNR Prince fleet sailed from this dock.
The pier was the scene of a vicious 1935 strike, the Battle of Ballantyne Pier.
The dock was gutted in 1992 and rebuilt after a period of dis-use. Modern teflon sails and steelwork erupt from the original, beautiful Beaux Arts facade. It is now used as an overflow for cruise ships. Direct to cable TV productions such as Captain Courageous have been filmed there, uranium ships and the liberty ship SS Jeremiah O'Brien have also docked at the pier.

</doc>
<doc id="31140617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140617" title="Cyamella (bone)">
Cyamella (bone)

The cyamella is a small sesamoid bone embedded in the tendon of the popliteus muscle. It is a variant of normal anatomy. It is rarely seen in humans, but has been described more often in other primates and certain other animals.

</doc>
<doc id="31140618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140618" title="Taracahitic languages">
Taracahitic languages

The Taracahitic languages (occasionally called Taracahita or Taracahitan) form a branch of the Uto-Aztecan language family of Mexico. The best known is Tarahumara.

</doc>
<doc id="31140641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140641" title="Toodyay District High School">
Toodyay District High School

Toodyay District High School is a co-educational state school located in Toodyay, Western Australia. It caters for around 550 students from Kindergarten to Year 10, and services the town of Toodyay and surrounding agricultural areas.
History.
The original Toodyay school, known as Newcastle, was built in 1886 and opened in 1887. This building is now the Uniting Church. The school was renamed Toodyay in 1910, and the school moved to its present site on the Avon River in 1954. In 1967, it commenced offering Year 8–10 classes.
A fire in 1993 destroyed most of the existing buildings and a rebuilt school was opened on the same site eighteen months later. The Toodyay District High School Parents and Citizens Association raised a substantial amount of money to re-equip these new buildings.
The closest school for Year 11 and 12 students is Northam Senior High School.
Community work.
The school works in strong partnership with its local community. Each year, the school embarks on a project involving students in their community. The restoration of Newcastle Park is the product of projects involving students. Students have also been actively involved in revegetation projects along local waterways. A highlight of 2004 was a year 10 student winning a public speaking competition to earn a place on the Premier's Anzac trip to Gallipoli.
Extra-curricular activities.
Many opportunities are provided for students to participate in extra-curricular activities. Students and families have hosted annual visits by Japanese students. Students have also participated in school trips to Japan. Country Week, Camps, Emergency Service Cadets and an annual Ski Trip add to the opportunities available for students at Toodyay District High School.
"Six From Borneo" project.
The Year 9 and 10 Drama students have recently been involved in recording an updated version of the play "Six From Borneo", which was originally broadcast on ABC radio in 1947. The play tells the story of over 2000 prisoners of war, held by the Japanese in Sandakan, North Borneo during World War II. The play tells the story of the Sandakan Death Marches that the prisoners were taken on, and how only six POWs, all of whom were Australian, survived by escaping. The story is relevant to Toodyay as four local men, including three brothers, were killed on the death marches. The play commenced recording in May 2011 with the help of the Toodyay community, including local radio station Toodyay Community Radio, Toodyay RSL and the Shire of Toodyay and is due to be locally broadcast by Toodyay Community Radio in late 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31140645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140645" title="Hazarbasanov Ridge">
Hazarbasanov Ridge

Hazarbasanov Ridge (, ‘Hazarbasanov Hrebet’ \ha-'z&r-ba-sa-nov 'hre-bet\) is the mostly ice-free ridge extending 5.5 km, 2.4 km wide and rising to 750 m on the southwest side of Sjögren Glacier on southern Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica.
The feature is named after Dobri Hazarbasanov (b. 1960), physician at St. Kliment Ohridski base during the 1995/96 and subsequent seasons.
Location.
The summit of Hazarbasanov Ridge is located at , which is 4.34 km southeast of Mount Hornsby, 6.57 km south of Survakari Nunatak, 8.51 km west-southwest of Vetrovala Peak and 6.4 km northwest of Draka Nunatak.

</doc>
<doc id="31140648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140648" title="Enhanced RACON">
Enhanced RACON

Enhanced RACON (or e-RACON) is a proposal for introducing unique identification to the Radar response of a RACON, enabling Enhanced RADAR positioning.
This proposal is currently being brought forward to the maritime industry by the Danish Maritime Safety Administration through IALA. The recommendations and performance requirements for RACON are under consideration for revision, due to issues of limited ability to trigger RACON responses introduced by New Technology (NT) Radar.
An opportunity for practical testing of the concept in 2011 is being considered in the EfficienSea project, partly financed by the Baltic Sea Region Programme and coordinated by the Danish Maritime Safety Administration.
Principle.
When a traditional RACON receives a radar pulse, it responds with a signal which on a Radar screen takes the form of a short line of dashes and dots forming a Morse character radiating away from the location of the beacon. Typically, the Morse character starts with a dash - a long, continuous signal.
The proposal for Enhanced RACON is to further modulate this first dash, with a small amount of digital information to enabled either the unique identification of this particular RACON (for instance 30 bits of data identifying the RACON by a MMSI) or alternatively to identify the position of the RACON.
Introducing a unique identification would enable Enhanced RADAR positioning through the ability to correlate the radar response of a RACON with the known position of that RACON. This could either be derived from an associated AIS signal representing the same object with the same identifier, or potentially in the future from information contained in a nautical publication, such as an Electronic navigational chart in the emerging S-100 format.

</doc>
<doc id="31140649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140649" title="Ypsolopha gerdanella">
Ypsolopha gerdanella

Ypsolopha gerdanella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from the United States, including New Mexico.
The wingspan is about 18 mm.
The antennae are white, dotted with black scales above. The labial palpi are white, sprinkled 
with sparse black scales on the outside. The tuft on the second joint is longer than the terminal joint. The face, head and thorax are white and the shoulders yellowish. The forewings are light golden brown with white and black markings. There is a broad white streak in the middle of the wing running from the base to the apex. It is slightly edged with black on both sides from the base to end of cell, there it broadens out gradually and covers the entire apical part of the wing, but is obscured by longitudinal black streaks covering the intervals between the apical veins and leaving the veins indicated by narrow white lines. Extreme costal edge is slightly touched with black and the basal part of dorsal edge is whitish. The hindwings are light silky ochreous and the legs and underside of the body are white, sparsely mottled with single black scales.

</doc>
<doc id="31140658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140658" title="Yaqui (disambiguation)">
Yaqui (disambiguation)

Yaqui typically refers to the Yaqui people.
It can also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31140669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140669" title="Ypsolopha delicatella">
Ypsolopha delicatella

Ypsolopha delicatella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from the United States, including Arizona and California.
The wingspan is about 17 mm.
The labial palpi are white, the second joint sprinkled with a few black scales on the outside and the terminal joint with a small black spot at the base. The tuft on the second joint is compressed, pointed and longer than the terminal joint. The head and thorax are white. The dorsal half of the forewings from base to tornus is dark reddish-brown, with strong purple 
reflections, but lighter and more yellowish on the dorsal edge, gradually becoming darker and more purple towards the middle of the wing. Bordering this dorsal part, the edge of which is sharply defined as a straight central line, is a longitudinal pure white streak. Above this the costal part of the wing is bright golden yellow. The costal yellow part is produced somewhat farther out in the apical part of the wing than is the darker dorsal color, which stops abruptly at the tornus. The apical part of the wing is white, delicately mottled with black, each scale having a thin curved black edge. The hindwings are light silvery ochreous, but slightly darker, fuscous towards apex. The legs are white, the anterior two pairs mottled with black.

</doc>
<doc id="31140674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140674" title="Survivor (George Fox album)">
Survivor (George Fox album)

Survivor is the sixth studio album by Canadian country music artist George Fox. It was released by Warner Music Canada on May 19, 1998. The album includes the Top 10 single "I'm Gone."

</doc>
<doc id="31140704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140704" title="Pinoy Extreme">
Pinoy Extreme

Pinoy Extreme (formerly Viva Prime Channel) is a 24-hour Filipino cable entertainment and sports channel owned by the Apollo Global Corporation. This channel airs of sports, religious programming (1 hour only on overnight), music videos and horse racing program which only air every other week. Pinoy Extreme is broadcasting also in the Middle East and North Africa.
List of programs broadcast by Pinoy Extreme.
For full programming schedule, see under references.
Pinoy Extreme Sports.
+This are not seasons of the program, the season (ex: Greatest Games: Season 33) is the PBA season and not the season of the show.
<br>
-This program is not part of the Pinoy Extreme lineup. Some cable companies might include this program/channel to their cable line-up if Karera sa Santa Ana is done for the week (ex. Santa Ana is on March 9 to March 14, while San Lazaro will be from March 15 to March 21.) 

</doc>
<doc id="31140708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140708" title="Ypsolopha cockerella">
Ypsolopha cockerella

Ypsolopha cockerella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from the United States, including New Mexico.
The wingspan is about 19-21 mm.
The antennae are white, each joint with a dark fuscous spot in front. The labial palpi are white and the tuft on the second joint is longer than the short terminal joint. The face, head and thorax are white with a slight yellowish tint and the shoulders are very light golden brown. The forewings are shining silvery white. There is a broad very light golden brown streak running from the base to the tornus along and crossing the fold and just below the costal edge is another similar narrower golden streak. The apical edge is touched with brown. The hindwings are light silvery fuscous and the legs and underside of the body are white.

</doc>
<doc id="31140743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140743" title="Top Secret (TV series)">
Top Secret (TV series)

Top Secret was a British TV spy series broadcast in two seasons on ITV in 1961-1962 which was produced by Associated-Rediffusion. It starred William Franklyn as suave secret agent Peter Dallas, over a total of 26 black-and-white episodes, each filling a 60 minutes slot. All episodes also featured Patrick Cargill as Miguel Garetta, and Alan Rothwell as "Mike".
Outline.
The series was produced by Associated-Rediffusion Television. The directors were Adrian Brown and Raymond Menmuir, and the main writer was Cedric Wells. The series was set in South America, and was filmed partly in Argentina, with the interior sets in a London studio.
The main theme music - '"Sucu Sucu" - was composed by Tarateño Rojas and performed by Laurie Johnson and his orchestra. Laurie Johnson was part of the worldwide trend that was covering this song in many different languages. It was a minor hit and entered the UK pop music charts.
List of episodes.
Episode titles are given below, with original broadcast dates in brackets.
Season 1
Season 2
According to the lostshows.com website, no recording of any of the episodes is known to survive (See Wiping).

</doc>
<doc id="31140750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140750" title="Laki Peak">
Laki Peak

Laki Peak (, ‘Vrah Laki’ \'vr&h l&-'ki\) is the ice-covered peak rising to 1250 m in the southeast foothills of Detroit Plateau on Nordenskjöld Coast in Graham Land, Antarctica, situated between the upper courses of Eliason and Polaris Glaciers.
The peak is named after the town of Laki in Southern Bulgaria and the homonymous settlement in Southwestern Bulgaria.
Location.
Laki Peak is located at , which is 8.85 km west of Mount Hornsby, 14.3 km north-northeast of Dolen Peak, 4.82 km east-southeast of Zasele Peak, and 31.1 km southeast of Volov Peak on Davis Coast.

</doc>
<doc id="31140757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140757" title="Aílton de Oliveira Modesto">
Aílton de Oliveira Modesto

Aílton de Oliveira Modesto (born February 27, 1980) is a former Brazilian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31140780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140780" title="World ski championships">
World ski championships

World ski championships may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31140785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140785" title="Kaili language">
Kaili language

Kaili is an Austronesian dialect cluster of the Celebic branch, and is one of the principal languages of Central Sulawesi. The heartland of the Kaili area is the broad Palu River valley which stretches southward from Central Sulawesi’s capital city, Palu. Kaili is also spoken in the mountains which rise on both sides of this valley, and along the coasts of the Makassar Strait and the Gulf of Tomini.
Dialects.
Taking a fine-grade view, it is possible to distinguish sixteen regional varieties of Kaili. Following the practice of Kaili people themselves, each variety is named after its negator. For example in the Tawaili region northeast of Palu, Kaili speakers use "rai" as their word for ‘no,’ while speakers in the Parigi region on the Gulf of Tomini use "tara". These two varieties can be referred to as ‘Kaili Rai’ and ‘Kaili Tara,’ irrespective of whether one intends for these varieties to be regarded as languages, dialects, or subdialects. These varieties can also be referred to as ‘Tawaili’ and ‘Parigi.’
The following table is a list of lowest-level Kaili varieties, presented by negator and alternate name(s) by which each has been known.
Classification of Kaili varieties.
Adriani 1914.
The linguist Nicolaus Adriani recognized eight languages. In this early work, several Kaili varieties were as yet unknown to the author.
Esser 1938.
The linguist S. J. Esser divided Kaili into western, central and eastern groups. Esser was unclear whether his divisions represented dialects or languages, but Noorduyn concluded he intended one language with three principal dialects.
Kruyt 1938.
Using anthropological rather than linguistic criteria, Alb. C. Kruyt divided peoples of this area into three ‘rings’ or ‘circles.’
Barr and Barr 1979.
Barr and Barr recognized one language with six dialects (they also included Kulawi as a seventh dialect, but left Ende and Tado out of consideration since those varieties are not spoken in Central Sulawesi).
Ethnologue 2009.
The "Ethnologue" (16th ed., 2009) recognizes four languages. In this subclassification, Kaili Ledo is best regarded as an 'everything else' category 'awaiting further research.' 

</doc>
<doc id="31140791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140791" title="John Douglas (lithotomist)">
John Douglas (lithotomist)

John Douglas (died 25 June 1743) was an eminent lithotomist.
He was born one of the seven sons of William Douglas (d. 1705) of Baads, Edinburgh and his wife, Joan, daughter of James Mason of Park, Blantyre, and brother of Dr James Douglas, physician to the Queen. 
He was for some time surgeon to the Westminster Infirmary. He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1720. 
Writings.
He was the author of several medical controversial treatises, criticising the works of Chamberlain, Chapman, and Cheselden, most of which are now forgotten.
His book on lithotomy was translated into French in 1724.

</doc>
<doc id="31140792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140792" title="Djshop">
Djshop

Djshop Records is a German-based online dance music retail store, selling vinyl records, CDs, music downloads and music accessories, founded by Armin Wirth. The website was created in 1993. In 1998 the site changed into the European commercial franchise store "Djshop", with locations in Poland, Vienna, Switzerland, Netherlands and the UK. During the e-commerce boom of the late 1990s, the site differentiated itself from other dance music stores by maintaining a text-based presentation.
In July 2005, Djshop Records added MP3 and WAV downloads to its catalogue. In December 2008 Djshop released the independent digital music upload portal Feiyr that's allowed every dj and artist to sell their music in real time in the djshop. In 2011 has djshop over 10 000 labels and artists under contracts.
With start 2009 Feiyr began cooperation with several online shops like iTunes, Amazon, Napster to sell the digital content from the DJs to there shops. One Year later djshop closed contracts as the first specialized dance store with the big 4 major music companies called Warner, EMI, Sony BMG to sell the major music content in the djshop. Feiyr and djshop starts in 2010 to press individually download files on vinyl.
In November Djshop released the first mobile dance store in the iTunes app store.
In January 2011 Djshop won the German biggest Poll from Pioneer and the Raveline Magazine (85 000 readers) as the German most wanted Download Store. Since January 2011 Djshop presents the digital download charts from the Germany biggest DJ mag. With start 2011 djshop release in Germany’s biggest underground party magazine "Partysan" the music charts.

</doc>
<doc id="31140796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140796" title="Henry Holland (clergyman)">
Henry Holland (clergyman)

Henry Holland (1556–1603) was an English clergyman, known for his writing on witchcraft.
Life.
He was educated at Magdalene College, Cambridge, where he graduated B.A. in 1580. He was instituted to the vicarage of Orwell, Cambridgeshire, on 21 November 1580. In 1583 he commenced M.A., and on 13 February 1594 was instituted to the vicarage of St. Bride, London, on the presentation of the dean and chapter of Westminster Abbey. This benefice was vacant by his death before 13 February 1604.
Works.
Holland was the author of "A Treatise against Witchcraft" (1590). 
It was directed from a Calvinist point of view against folk magic and the sceptical arguments of "Discoverie of Witchcraft" by Reginald Scot; it also introduced arguments from the writings of Jean Bodin, Lambert Daneau and Niels Hemmingsen.
Other works were
Holland also edited (London, by Felix Kyngston, 1603) ‘Lectures upon the Epistles of Paul to the Colossians,’ by Robert Rollok of Edinburgh, and the works of Richard Greenham (1599; 5th ed. 1612). 

</doc>
<doc id="31140799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140799" title="Masaaki Koido">
Masaaki Koido

Masaaki Koido (born April 9, 1978) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="31140803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140803" title="271P/van Houten–Lemmon">
271P/van Houten–Lemmon

271P/van Houten–Lemmon (previously P/1960 S1 and ) is a short-period comet discovered in 1966 by Cornelis Johannes van Houten and Ingrid van Houten-Groeneveld on eight Palomar plates taken by Tom Gehrels between 24 September and 26 October 1960 as a hazy object of 17th magnitude. It was considered lost and designated D/1960 S1 until recovered by the Mount Lemmon Survey on 17 September 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="31140810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140810" title="Zasele Peak">
Zasele Peak

Zasele Peak (, ‘Vrah Zasele’ \'vr&h za-'se-le\) is the ice-covered peak rising to 1250 m in the southeast foothills of Detroit Plateau on Nordenskjöld Coast in Graham Land, Antarctica, situated between the upper courses of Polaris and Pyke Glaciers. It has precipitous and partly ice free west slopes.
The peak is named after the settlement of Zasele in Western Bulgaria.
Location.
Zasele Peak is located at , which is 4.82 km west-northwest of Laki Peak, 6 km north of Weasel Hill, 4.1 km northeast of Bolgar Buttress and 27.3 km south-southeast of Volov Peak on Davis Coast.

</doc>
<doc id="31140811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140811" title="Faculty of Engineering, Aristotle University of Thessaloniki">
Faculty of Engineering, Aristotle University of Thessaloniki

The Faculty of Engineering is one of the 12 Faculties of Aristotle University of Thessaloniki.
It is divided in 8 Schools.
Main purpose of the Faculty is to educate Engineers, ready to work.
Also, another important purpose of Faculty is research. This research is taking place in each School, from almost every Professor and its target is to help the society, and promote the scientific knowledge.
History.
During the establishment of the first Hellenic Republic, while Alexandros Papanastasiou was the Prime Minister of Greece, Thessaloniki became the chair of the second university in Greece. The establishment of the University of Thessaloniki, as it was called, was made in accordance with the Law 3341/1925. Almost 30 years later the Engineering Faculty (1955) was established by the creation of the School of Civil Engineering.
Within only a few years the Faculty has grown further through the creation of the rest of the Schools:
During the 50 years of the existence of the Faculty, it has took a very active part in all of the challenges the educational community has been faced with. It has contributed to education and research, proposing advanced solutions to the problems of education. Through its participation in many cultural festivals, development programs of great scale, and implementing major projects in Northern Greece as well as democratization and reform, was instrumental in the cultural life and development of the country, organizing or participating in many cultural festivals, development programs and implemented major projects in Northern Greece. Furthermore, all based on race democratical experiences and traditions of the University of Thessaloniki, offering significantly in the race for the democratic process in the country.
Staff.
8,000 students are attending the 8 Schools of the Faculty. The Teaching and Research Staff of the Faculty is about 370 people (Professors, Associate Professors, Assistant Professors, Lecturers). Also the work of the Professors Assists about 100 Research Associates. Finally, another 190 people, work as administrators.
Infrastructures.
The infrastructures of the Faculty are located in the South-West part of the Campus of A.U.TH. The Building covers an area about 55,000 km2. 15% of this area is Education Rooms, and another 30% covers the Laboratories.
Libraries.
Each School of the Faculty has its own Library, which is connected with the Libraries System of A.U.TH. This Libraries contains about 60,000 book titles, and hundreds of scientific magazines and articles. Also, the students have access in all diplomatic and doctoral theses that have made by previous students.
Computer Infrastructures.
Each School also has its own computer infrastructures. These infrastructures consists of Computer Islets, Wireless Internet Connection, and the Server VERGINA.
In the islets each student can use all the programs that are needed for his Works. The Faculty also provides students with Wireless Connection as a big part of its Infrastructures, and web services through its server, VERGINA.
Studies.
The 8 Schools, provides, undergraduate and postgraduate studies. Specifically, the undergraduate studies last 5 years (9 semesters plus one semester for the writing thesis) and after the end of the studies confer a Master Degree. 
The Faculty gives students the opportunity to get a PhD through
Six single-school programs that come under the relevant Schools:
Six interdepartmental programs in which various Schools from the Faculty of Engineering participate, in collaboration with other Schools from AUTH, and from other Greek universities and research centers.
Finally the Engineering Faculty participates in lots of Practical Training programs, in Greece and abroad.
Research.
The Faculty created a remarkable and powerful network of research outputs in order to develop and to make widely known the academic institutions, and also to serve students and teachers with immediate access to research centers. The theme of all research topics vary and cover various aspects of everyday life. All these will be very useful for an engineer at the beginning of his career. Activities of this research are done in cooperation with other Greek Universities and Engineer Faculties, but also with other Universities and Engineer Facultys, all over the world through various networks.
Publications.
A variety of special editions and publications of the Polytechnic Faculty are considered as important guidelines and are available for those who are interested in getting into Faculty's history.
The editorial material of the Faculty covers news of the University, research activities of the Faculty, various events that took place at times cultural interests and arts which are directly related to students' needs.
The Faculty's premium Edition is the issue of journal Polymhxano, which is an essential attempt for scholars to expound their views to the public. The magazine's issue and most of the different publications, were set up with the contribution of members of the Polytechnic community (teachers and students as well).
The printed material is available on line in pdf format, and in many cases is accompanied with audio-visual material.

</doc>
<doc id="31140819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31140819" title="Wataru Ota">
Wataru Ota

Wataru Ota (born March 14, 1981) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
